But it is only the first step to his greater ambition to take one to the dark depths of the Mariana Trench in the Pacific , which is 36,000 ft ( 11,000 m ) deep .
By Mike Rudin
The Conspiracy Files
The face of Bin Laden has become instantly recognisable around the world
Osama Bin Laden died eight years ago during the battle for Tora Bora in Afghanistan , either from a US bomb or from a serious kidney disease .
Or so the conspiracy theory goes .
The theory that has developed on the web since 9/11 is that US intelligence services are manufacturing the Bin Laden statements to create an evil bogeyman , to justify the so - called war on terror in Afghanistan , Iraq and back at home .
So is the world 's most wanted man still alive ?
For a decade , Osama bin Laden has managed to evade the world 's superpower and the biggest manhunt in history .
Bruce Riedel , who chaired President Barack Obama 's Afghanistan / Pakistan policy review , and who has seen the intelligence on Bin Laden , says the trail has not so much gone cold as " frozen over " .
" We do n't have a clue where he is , " he says .
In the absence of any concrete intelligence , Bin Laden has become shrouded in myth and rumour .
' Certainly fake ' Numerous audio and video statements purporting to be from Bin Laden have been released , but their authenticity has been continually questioned .
The veracity of all of the videos is questioned by David Ray Griffin , a former theology professor and member of the 9/11 Truth Movement , which also questions mainstream accounts of the attack on the World Trade Centre .
" None of them can be proven to be authentic , " he says .
" At least three of them can be shown to be almost certainly fake .
" And if somebody is faking Bin Laden videos , then that leads to the suspicion that all the videos and audio tapes have been faked . "
Experts have examined many different images of Osama Bin Laden
His first example is a video released by the US Department of Defense in December 2001 .
In it , Bin Laden confesses to 9/11 , yet Mr Griffin points out that al - Qaeda has only rarely admitted responsibility for terrorist attacks .
He also maintains that the Bin Laden figure looks very different to previous footage - fatter , with shorter fingers , and that he is even writing with the wrong hand .
Most of Bin Laden 's statements are audio only .
Only two that show Bin Laden speaking have been issued since 2001 .
Griffin claims both are fakes .
He argues that a video released in October 2004 - just days before the presidential election - lacks the religious rhetoric contained in previous statements .
This video , he says , helped George W Bush secure a second term .
But it is the last video , released in September 2007 , that has attracted most attention .
' Western conspiracy '
Mr Griffin calls it " Blackbeard : the terrorist tape " .
Bin Laden 's trademark grey beard has been replaced with a neat , jet - black beard , and there are a number of frames in the video , where Bin Laden carries on speaking but the picture of him freezes .
One former CIA agent also questions its authenticity .
Robert Baer dismisses the suggestion of a conspiracy by Western intelligence but thinks that al - Qaeda may have faked the video .
" [ al - Qaeda has ] an interest in manipulating it to look like current tapes , " he says .
" You can digitally manipulate voice to say anything .
You can change months , years , you can tape vowels and syllables and put it into a recording and change it . "
I think those conspiracy theories that he is dead are pretty much laughable
Art Keller , former CIA agent Andy Laws , a former military imaging analyst for the RAF , was asked by the BBC to forensically test an undisputed Bin Laden tape from 1998 against the 2001 so - called " confession tape " and the 2007 " blackbeard tape " .
He says the fact that Bin Laden appears fatter in the 2001 tape is down to the editing process , when subtitles were added and the image was squashed .
His conclusion is that all the videos are of the same person - Bin Laden .
Furthermore , Mr Laws says it is not realistic to think that the US military would fake such tapes .
" Technologically in this day and age , those kinds of things can be done , but not quietly , " he says .
If you stop the war , then that is fine .
If you choose not to stop the war , then we have no other option but to continue the war of attrition against you on all possible axes
Audio statement attributed to Osama Bin Laden , 13 September 09
Read Mike Rudin's blog Afghan warlord ' paid $ 2 m by UK '
" There would be a number of people involved and word of it would have spread by now . "
Bin Laden has issued around 40 statements since 9/11 , and many include clear contemporaneous date references .
Two recent statements released last year mentioned US President Barack Obama .
Mike Scheuer , the former CIA officer who set up and ran the agency 's Bin Laden unit , thinks Bin Laden is still alive .
' Difficult reality ' " Whenever he speaks on audio tape , he always says something in there that 's fairly current .
Also , the US National Security Agency ( NSA ) and UK Government Communication Headquarters ( GCHQ ) are very good at voice prints , " he says .
Mr Scheuer concludes that if it was not Bin Laden 's voice , these organisations would make sure governments were well aware that the tapes were fakes .
Another former CIA agent , Art Keller , is more damning : " I think those conspiracy theories that he is dead are pretty much laughable , " he says .
" It 's easier to explain things away with a conspiracy than to face up to the difficult reality .
" In this case , the difficult reality is that we 're trying to operate in possibly the worst area in the world and track someone who 's very crafty and elusive and putting considerable effort to stay off our radar . "
Watch The Conspiracy Files : Osama Bin Laden - Dead or Alive .
BBC Two 2130 GMT Sunday 10 January and then on BBC iPlayer .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
* Editor 's Note : I began researching this story last week , when our power play was still awful , ranked 24th in the league at the time .
Of course , as soon as I started writing , the team went on a power play tear .
So even though some of the vigor behind the post is gone , it 's still a worthwhile topic to explore - that and I did a buttload of research that I 'm not flushing down the toilet .
All stats are current as of 1/11/10 .
Without question , the biggest overall weakness for the Buffalo Sabres has been their power play .
The Sabres PP unit is currently humming along at 18 % as of this writing , which is good for 16th in the NHL .
Every other phase of the game has been excellent , but I 've been wondering how much this unreliable power play will really affect the team 's chances of making a serious Cup run come playoff time .
After much procrastinating , I decided to go stat hunting .
I 've gathered the numbers from the top four playoff teams in each Conference over the past four seasons ( this one included ) and have stacked them up to see how they compare ; I only chose the top four teams in each Conference because since the lockout , every Cup winner has been a four - seed or higher .
This is a purely numerical analysis , there 's no discussion of power play strategy or anything , so head over the break for a big spreadsheet ( fun ! ) and some analysis .
For each year , I 've taken the top 4 teams in each Conference , ordered them by overall power play ranking , given the conversion percentage of each team , and given the average percentage from that year 's Conference finalists for comparison .
Cup winners are in italics .
2009 - 10 2008 -09 Team Power play % League Rank Playoff Position Team Power play % League Rank Playoff Position Washington Capitals 23.8 2 EC 3 Detroit Red Wings 25.5 1 WC 2 Chicago Blackhawks 21.1 5 WC 1 Washington Capitals 25.2 2 EC 2 New Jersey Devils 20.8 7 EC 1 San Jose Sharks 24.2 3 WC 1 San Jose Sharks 20.1 10 WC 2 Boston Bruins 23.6 4 EC 1 Buffalo Sabres 18 16 EC 2 Chicago Blackhawks 19.3 12 WC 4 Phoenix Coyotes 17.6 18 WC 4 New Jersey Devils 18.9 15 EC 3 Calgary Flames 16.9 22 WC 3 Vancouver Canucks 18.8 17 WC 3 Pittsburgh Penguins 14.7 29 EC
4 Pittsburgh Penguins 17.2 20 EC
4 Final 4 Average Final 4 Average Devils ( 7 ) , Sabres ( 16 ) , Blackhawks ( 5 ) , Sharks ( 10 ) 20 Would be good for 11th Wings ( 1 ) , Blackhawks ( 12 ) , Penguins ( 20 ) , Hurricanes ( 18 ) 20.2
Would have been good for 9th 2007 - 08 2006 - 07 Team Power play % League Rank Playoff Position Team Power play % League Rank Playoff Position Montreal Canadiens 24.1 1 EC 1 Anaheim Ducks 22.4 3 WC 2 Detroit Red Wings 20.7 3 WC 1 Ottawa Senators 17.9 14 EC
4 Pittsburgh Penguins 20.4 4 EC 2 New Jersey Devils 17.7 15 EC 2 Minnesota Wild 18.9 7 WC 3 Buffalo Sabres 17.4 17 EC
1 Washington Capitals 18.8 9 EC 3 Nashville Predators 17.4 18 WC 4 San Jose Sharks 18.7 10 WC 2 Vancouver Canucks 17.2 20 WC 3 Anaheim Ducks 16.6 20 WC 4 Detroit Red Wings 17.1 21 WC 1 New Jersey Devils 15.6 25 EC
4 Atlanta Thrashers 16.5 23 EC 3 Final 4 Average Final 4 Average Wings ( 3 ) , Stars ( 13 ) , Penguins ( 4 ) , Flyers ( 2 ) 20.3
Would have been good for 5th Sabres ( 17 ) , Senators ( 14 ) , Wings ( 21 ) , Ducks ( 3 ) 18.7
Would have been good for 7th
A few things I think are interesting :
- Going into this with very little prior knowledge , I expected these teams to all be in the top 20 just because of their records , but I see a lot of teams in the twenties out there , including Pittsburgh this year at 29 .
- Every year is totally different .
In 2007 - 08 the cream of the crop was dominated by top - 10 power plays , but the year before that almost every team was in the bottom half of the league , and only one was in the top 10 !
- 3 of the 4 Cup winners since the lockout have been ranked 3rd on the power play ( Carolina was 3rd in the 2005 - 06 season , which is not included in the chart . )
The other , Pittsburgh , was 20th .
- Power plays are trending towards being more successful .
A 20 % mark was good for 5th in the league in 2007 - 08 , then 9th a year later , then 11th this year .
So after all that , is a strong power play an absolute necessity to make a serious Cup run ?
It does n't appear that way .
However , a strong power play is never a bad thing , and it's good that the Sabres have been heating up recently with the man advantage .
What are your thoughts ?
All stats from NHL.com and hockey - reference.com
Gates says malaria vaccine may be ready in three years
By Tom Hagler
BBC News
Half the world 's population is exposed to malaria Microsoft founder Bill Gates has told the BBC that a vaccine for malaria could be just three years away .
Mr Gates is a key campaigner against the disease which kills a million people a year , most of them children .
Since it was formed , his foundation has spent billions of dollars in the fight against malaria .
Just like smallpox , Mr Gates believes the disease can be eradicated .
As yet , there is no vaccine , but , Mr Gates says , a breakthrough is near .
" We have a vaccine that 's in the last trial phase - called phase three .
A partially effective vaccine could even be available within three years , but a [...] fully effective vaccine will take five to 10 years , " he told the BBC World Service 's World Today programme .
FROM THE WORLD TODAY Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from The World Today
The man believed to be the richest person in the world did have a warning though - he fears developed nations may plunder their foreign aid budgets to pay for the cost of tackling climate change .
Mr Gates says this would be a mistake as aid budgets not only save lives , they also improve people 's health and , in turn , that stops population growth - a key reason , he says , for global warming .
" I just want to make sure that that funding does n't come by reducing the funds for Aids , drugs or vaccines , which , after all , not only do they save lives but its this improved health that actually gets a country to reduce its population growth , " he said .
" And , in the long run , for all these environmental issues , having a population that 's not growing so rapidly is what will allow us to live on a sustainable basis .
" Climate change is very important , it is an issue money should go to .
It just should n't come out of health aid budgets . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Businessman sues BA ' for treating men like perverts '
Mirko Fischer claims BA brand all men as potential sex offenders
A businessman is suing British Airways over a policy that bans male passengers from sitting next to children they do n't know - even if the child 's parents are on the same flight .
Mirko Fischer has accused the airline of branding all men as potential sex offenders and says innocent travellers are being publicly humiliated .
In line with the policy , BA cabin crew patrol the aisles before take - off checking that youngsters travelling on their own or in a different row from their parents are not next to a male stranger .
If they find a man next to a child or teenager they will ask him to move to a different seat .
The aircraft will not take off unless the passenger obeys .
Mr Fischer , a 33 - year - old hedge fund manager , became aware of the policy while he was flying from Gatwick with his wife Stephanie , 30 .
His wife , who was six months pregnant , had booked a window seat which she thought would be more spacious .
Mr Fischer was in the middle seat between her and a 12 - year - old boy .
Shortly after all passengers had sat down , having stowed their bags in the overhead lockers , a male steward asked Mr Fischer to change his seat .
Mr Fischer refused , explaining that his wife was pregnant , at which point the steward raised his voice , causing several passengers to turn round in alarm .
He warned that the aircraft could not take off unless Mr Fischer obeyed .
Mr Fischer eventually moved seats but felt so humiliated by his treatment that he is taking the airline to court on the grounds of sex discrimination - He is paying all his own legal
If he wins at the hearing next month at Slough County Court , BA will have to change its policy .
He has promised to donate any compensation to the NSPCC .
Mr Fischer , who lives in Luxembourg with his wife and their daughter Sophia , said : ' This policy is branding all men as perverts for no reason .
The policy and the treatment of male passengers is absolutely outrageous .
' A plane is a public place - cabin crew regularly walk down the aisles and passengers are sat so close to each other .
The risk of any abuse is virtually zero .
' Furthermore statistically children are far more likely to be abused by a member of their family .
Does that mean that BA are going to ban children sitting next to their own parents ?'
' I was made to feel like a criminal in front of other passengers .
It was totally humiliating .
Neither myself or my wife dared to speak to the boy in case the cabin crew forced us from our seats .
The poor child must have thought we were extremely rude and unfriendly . '
Claude Knights , of the children 's charity Kidscape said : ' The airline should have procedures in place to avoid this sort of situation .
' If the airline is that concerned they should sit unaccompanied children with cabin crew who have no doubt been thoroughly vetted . '
A BA spokesman said : ' As this is case is subject to court proceedings , it would be inappropriate for us to comment at this time . '
The European rocket launch site in French Guiana may have become the world 's most important commercial satellite spaceport , but Sue Nelson finds that its boom is alienating the locals .
No -one forgets their first rocket launch .
Mine was an Ariane 4 in the Amazonian Basin .
The rocket rose breathtakingly and unexpectedly slowly - and in complete silence .
Sound is a tortoise compared to the speed of light and it takes time before a deep rumble accompanies the visuals .
On my return to the Guiana Space Centre , the first immediate difference I notice is Cayenne 's Rochambeau airport .
In 1999 the terminal had recently opened and resembled an empty warehouse .
Today you are greeted by the sight of rental car offices , a cafe with wireless internet and an area devoted to French Guiana 's most important attraction : Kourou 's spaceport .
On the drive to Kourou , roads are lined with coconut palms and banana trees - very South American .
But French Guiana is a French overseas territory and Nicholas Sarkozy is its head of state .
When my French hire car requires petrol , I 'll pay in euros .
And boy , do I need those euros .
Because , unlike other parts of South America I 've visited , French Guiana is expensive .
Eye - wateringly so .
Supermarkets may sell baguettes , pate , an extensive selection of wine and a French rolled wafer called cigarette , but everything is at a premium because it is imported from France .
My hotel room costs 170 euros a night - nearly $ 250 - and its mediocre restaurant has London , or should that be Paris , prices .
Ten years ago , hotels were the main places to eat .
Today , a handful of independent restaurants cater for the growing number of visitors from the space industry .
Kourou 's spaceport now launches six out of 10 commercial satellites , and evidence of this is everywhere .
Armed robbers
Walls in restaurants like the Kong Long are decorated with satellite stickers from past launches - such as Superbird 7 and Inmarsat 3 .
I pop into the town 's Deli France for a coffee and it , too , has stickers for Rosetta , Protostar and a Union Jack with the word " propulsion " on it .
They are reminders of the international nature of space science .
The Deli France 's managers are Chinese - one of the territory 's many ethnic groups .
Unfortunately , Chinese - run businesses are often targeted by armed robbers .
The gunmen , I hear later from a former policeman , have links with the Columbian drugs trade .
This rise in crime is a huge concern for locals , and after having a sawn off shotgun pointed at his face , the policeman finally decided to leave French Guiana .
The hotel advises me not to go anywhere alone , but I brave the town centre on foot and also drive around , keen to see what has changed .
Space theme Kourou appears to have doubled in size with new pastel - coloured , low - rise buildings , either on every street , or in the process of construction .
" Every time I come here , " said one scientist , " something else has been built . "
Roads are lined with billboards for companies and services , usually with a space theme : the French Space Agency , CNES ; the satellite manufacturers EADS Astrium ; a Planet Surf shop and one ad simply promoting the region 's unique selling point : 100 % Espace 100 % Guiana .
The poor of Guiana live in shacks like the Cali slum in Cayenne
Yet this high - tech industry is at odds with the town itself .
Kourou may be one of French Guiana 's fastest growing towns , but it is also one of its poorest .
Unemployment is high and its beaches are stunning but empty .
Silt from the Amazon turns the water brown , making tourism difficult .
There also appears to be little interaction between the expats and French Guianians , an observation that makes me feel more and more uncomfortable .
Russian rockets I ask a French engineer how he feels .
" Proud , " he says .
" It 's like Britain 's relationship with India . "
One thing that has n't changed is the weather - an average temperature of 28C and 90 % humidity .
Out of the protective comfort of air conditioning , it is like being smothered by a hot , wet flannel .
Driving to and from the spaceport 's press centre each day , just outside Kourou , I pass members of the French Foreign Legion protecting the site .
Kourou has become the world 's leading commercial satellite spaceport The Space Museum next door had nothing in it on my last visit .
This time , I spend an enjoyable hour swotting up on cryogenic main stage engines .
Well , I am a science writer .
The final launch of 2009 was also the final launch of the generic Ariane 5 rocket .
From now on only the next generation Ariane 5s , the ECAs , will carry satellites into orbit .
As will , for the first time in the spaceport 's history , Russian Soyuz rockets .
The first Soyuz launch is scheduled for later this year and a community of Russians has moved into French Guiana in preparation .
A small part of South America , ruled by the French , is about to undergo yet another change .
One can't help feeling that the locals do n't get much say in the matter .
How to listen to : From Our Own Correspondent Radio 4 : Saturdays , 1130 .
Second weekly edition on Thursdays , 1100 ( some weeks only ) World Service :
See programme schedules Download the podcast Listen on iPlayer Story by story at the programme website
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The Shembe church is believed to be one of the oldest African churches
By Jonah Fisher
BBC News , Kwa - Shangase , KwaZulu - Natal
Members of a traditional South African religion say they have begun legal action to stop a controversial plastic trumpet , locally known as the vuvuzela , being played at this year 's World Cup .
Football 's governing body Fifa has given its backing to the vuvuzela but there have been widespread complaints that the incessant noise is both irritating and a distraction to players and spectators during matches .
Now part of South African football tradition , the vuvuzela can trace its non-sporting origins back to the early 1900s .
In 1910 Isaiah Shembe founded what he called the Nazareth Baptist Church , a religion now better known just as Shembe .
Some broadcasters also want the vuvuzela banned from the World Cup A loose combination of Zulu culture and Old Testament Christianity , it is built around the special healing powers of the founder and the direct line of communication he claimed to have to God .
" It is partly African culture and partly Christianity , " says church elder Reverend Goga .
" Jesus was for Israel , we believe Isaiah Shembe is an African prophet and on a higher level than Jesus . "
Walking the walk Each year , spurred on by the throbbing sound of the vuvuzela , followers of the Shembe Church retrace the footsteps of their founder .
It is a gruelling three - day walk barefoot to the holy mountain of Mount Nhlangakazi north of Durban in KwaZulu - Natal .
This thing [ vuvuzela ] belongs to the church
Enoch Mthembu , Shembe spokesman
The first sign that the pilgrims are on the move is the echoing of the vuvuzela through the lush green valleys of Zululand .
Minutes later they turn a corner and the dirt track fills with bearded men in flowing white gowns .
At the front four priests carry the Shembe 's holy sacraments on their heads .
Enclosed in green caskets they are relics from the church 's own " Last Supper " .
Behind them are row after row of pilgrims with vuvuzelas waving in the air - first men then women .
It takes 45 minutes for all of them to dance and sing their way past .
A conservative estimate puts the size of this year 's pilgrimage at 300,000 people .
A question of pride " My feet are painful now but this is symbolising who I am , " says one pilgrim .
" I am a real African man and this is a real African religion .
I 'm very proud of who I am , " he says making his way up the long dusty road .
And it is that pride and sense of identity that has put the Shembe at odds with South African football .
The deep tone of the religious vuvuzela is very different from the way it is played by football fans .
That sound has been unflatteringly compared to a swarm of wasps , even an elephant passing wind .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement " Football is stealing pleasure from Shembe , " an elderly follower tells the BBC .
" When people are playing football and hearing the vuvuzela , they are getting the power of our Holy Spirit , " he says .
That evening the vuvuzelas are put down and the sleepy village of Kwa - Shangase is for one night transformed into a buzzing town .
The smell of meat being cooked fills the night air as tents are put up to rest weary limbs .
Losing battle ?
The Shembe say they " lost " the vuvuzela back in the 1990s when a supporter of South Africa 's biggest football team , Kaizer Chiefs , visited the church .
Unable to take the long metal trumpet inside football grounds he re-modelled it in plastic .
A decade later it is set to be the most popular souvenir at the 2010 World Cup - which of course means there is money at stake .
" We are very serious about this .
Before the World Cup we are going to instruct our lawyers to stop them playing the vuvuzela at the World Cup , " says Shembe spokesman Enoch Mthembu .
" This thing [ the vuvuzela ] belongs to the church . "
The Shembe 's pleas are likely to fall on deaf ears .
Last year at the Confederations Cup there were complaints from both players and international TV broadcasters about this plastic trumpet .
But Fifa head Sepp Blatter has already given the vuvuzela his backing , saying the sound is an important part of South Africa 's football culture .
It looks like the Shembe may have to settle for Africa 's first World Cup throbbing to their " holy " sound .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Google 's Deep CIA Connections
By Eric Sommer
Google 's Deep CIA Connections
The western media is currently full of articles on Google 's ' threat to quit China ' over internet censorship issues , and the company 's ' suspicion ' that the Chinese government was behind attempts to ' break - in ' to several Google email accounts used by ' Chinese dissidents ' .
However , the media has almost completely failed to report that Google 's surface concern over ' human rights ' in China is belied by its their deep involvement with some of the worst human rights abuses on the planet :
Google is , in fact , is a key participant in U.S. military and CIA intelligence operations involving torture ; subversion of foreign governments ; illegal wars of aggression ; and military occupations of countries which have never attacked the U.S. and which have cost hundreds of thousands of lives in Afghanistan , Iraq , Pakistan , and elsewhere .
To begin with , Google is the supplier of the core search technology for ' Intellipedia , a highly - secured online system where 37,000 U.S. spies and related personnel share information and collaborate on their devious errands .
Agencies such as the so - called ' National Security Agency ' have also purchased servers using Google - supplied search technology which processes information gathered by U.S. spies operating all over the planet .
In addition , Google is linked to the U.S. spy and military systems through its Google Earth software venture .
The technology behind this software was originally developed by Keyhole Inc. , a company funded by Q - Tel http://www.iqt.org/ , a venture capital firm which is in turn openly funded and operated on behalf of the CIA .
Google acquired Keyhole Inc. in 2004 .
The same base technology is currently employed by U.S. military and intelligence systems in their quest , in their own words , for " full - spectrum dominance " of the planet .
Moreover , Googles ' connection with the CIA and its venture capital firm extends to sharing at least one key member of personnel .
In 2004 , the Director of Technology Assessment at In - Q - Tel , Rob Painter , moved from his old job directly serving the CIA to become ' Senior Federal Manager ' at Google .
As Robert Steele , a former CIA case officer has put it : Google is " in bed with " the CIA .
Googles Friends spy on millions of Internet Users
Given Google 's supposed concern with ' break - in's to several of its email accounts , it 's worth noting that Google 's friends at In - Q - Tel , the investment arm of the CIA , are now investing in Visible Technologies , a software firm specialized in ' monitoring social media ' .
The ' Visible ' technology can automatically examine more than a million discussions and posts on blogs , online forums , Flickr , YouTube , Twitter , Amazon , and so forth each day .
The technology also ' scores ' each online item , assigning it a positive , negative or mixed or neutral status , based on parameters and terms set by the technology operators .
The information , thus boiled down , can then be more effectively scanned and read by human operators .
The CIA venture capitalists at In - Q - Tel say they will use the technology to monitor social media operating in other countries and give U.S. spies “ early - warning detection on how issues are playing internationally , ” according to spokesperson Donald Tighe .
There is every possibility that the technology can also be used by the U.S. intelligence operatives to spy on domestic social movements and individuals inside the U.S .
Finally , there is a curious absence from the statements emanating from Google - and from U.S. media reports - of any substantive evidence linking the Chinese government with the alleged break - in attempts to several Google email accounts .
Words like ' sophisticated ' and ' suspicion ' have appeared in the media to suggest that the Chinese government is responsible for the break - ins .
That may be so .
But it is striking that the media has seemingly asked no questions as to what the evidence behind the ' suspicions ' might be
It should be noted that the U.S. government and its intelligence agencies have a long history of rogue operations intended to discredit governments or social movements with whom they happen to disagree .
To see how far this can go , one need only recall the sordid history of disinformation , lies , and deceit propagated by U.S. government and media to frighten people into supporting the Iraq war .
Whether the attacks on Google email originated from the Chinese government , or from elsewhere , one thing is clear : A company that supplies the CIA with key intelligence technology ; supplies mapping software which can be used for barbarous wars of aggression and drone attacks which kill huge numbers of innocent civilians ; and which in general is deeply intertwined with the CIA and the U.S. military machines , which spy on millions , the company cannot be motivated by real concern for the human rights and lives of the people in China .
Eric Sommer
China
Tying Democratic opponents to President Obama is emerging as a key component of the GOP strategy .
A composite image shows Charles Melancon , Dave Obey , Barack Obama , Russ Feingold and Michael Bennet .
| AP photo composite by POLITICO GOP to tie Dem candidates to Obama
HONOLULU – As buoyant Republicans devise their game plan for the 2010 campaign , party officials are counting on a boost from an unlikely source – President Obama .
A tactic that would have seemed far - fetched a year ago , when the new president was sworn in with a 67 percent job approval rating , is now emerging as a key component of the GOP strategy :
Tie Democratic opponents to Obama and make them answer for some of the unpopular policies associated with the chief executive .
Advertisement
GOP strategists gathered here for the Republican National Committee ’s winter meeting believe that now that he 's fallen below 50 percent in the venerable Gallup poll , Obama will be an asset to GOP candidates , particularly in conservative or swing states .
The challenge will be to link Democrats with the administration on such issues as spending , bailouts , healthcare and cap - and - trade while not personally attacking Obama , who remains personally well - liked even as his standing erodes .
So , at least in purple states or districts , do n’t expect to see an ad where the faces of Democratic candidates are morphed into that of the president — a time - honored approach from past campaigns .
But Republicans are unmistakably enthusiastic – and downright giddy in some cases – about the prospect of Democrats stumping with the president in their states , a vivid reminder about how starkly different the political landscape seems now than when Obama took office .
It ’s in conservative states , of course , where they ’re especially pining for a presidential visit .
“ We encourage him to come , ” said Louisiana GOP Chairman Roger Villere .
“ We encourage him to come early and often ! ”
National Democrats believe scandal - tarred Sen. David Vitter ( R - La. ) is vulnerable , but Villere already has his message down when it comes to taking on Rep. Charles Melancon , the Democrat who is challenging the incumbent senator .
“ He votes 83 percent of the time with [ Obama ] , ” the Republican chair said of Melancon , adding with a chuckle : “ I believe in the Reagan rule – he ’s with him . ”
( The former president famously deemed anybody who agreed with him 80 percent of the time a friend ) .
In Tennessee , where there are two House seats being vacated by long - serving Democrats , Republicans are already preparing for opponents who are expected to downplay their party label and ties to the administration .
“ The Democrats ca n’t run away from the position of their party , they ca n’t run away from their president , ” said Tennessee GOP Chairman Chris Devaney .
With a smile , Devaney said : “ I ’d welcome President Obama anytime . ”
What ’s especially striking , though , is that it ’s not just in Southern states , the region where the president fared poorest in his 2008 election , where Republicans believe the president offers strategic opportunity .
Dick Wadhams , Republican chairman in Colorado and a veteran political strategist , said he ’s already preparing to make a show out of Obama ’s visit next month to a state he carried by nine percentage points .
The trip , in which Obama will raise money for vulnerable Sen. Michael Bennet ( D ) , will come almost a year to the day after the president signed the stimulus bill in Denver .
“ We are going to make that an issue , welcome back , Mr. President , ” Wadhams said , with evident relish about the timing of the visit .
“ A year later , that bill resulted in 10 percent unemployment , hundreds of thousands of more people out of work . ”
Even the notion that Obama could be a drag on Democrats in Colorado illustrates just how quickly his political standing has deteriorated .
It was there where Democrats enjoyed resurgence in recent years , resulting in scores of stories about the Rocky Mountain West turning , if not blue , at least purple .
But now , with the appointed Bennet facing the threat of a primary and a tough GOP challenge , an incumbent governor whose numbers were so poor he could n’t even run for re-election and at least two Democratic - held House seats potentially imperiled , those analyses look premature .
Recent polling in Colorado finds Obama slipping under 50 percent -- just as he is nationwide .
The president ’s numbers are the same in Wisconsin , another state he easily won in 2008 .
Republicans in the Badger State think two long - time Democrats could pay a price for backing much of Obama ’s agenda .
“ Democrats in Wisconsin like [ Rep . ]
Dave Obey and [ Sen . ]
Russ Feingold will be especially vulnerable because these two men have voluntarily marched off the cliff with Obama by not only supporting the president 's failed policies but fighting to pass them as well , ” said state GOP Chairman Reince Priebus .
Still , Republicans recognize there is little appetite among the voters to personally attack Obama .
Strategists point to the model used in Virginia , New Jersey and Massachusetts – all states Obama won – where GOP candidates for governor and Senate were respectful of the president and kept their critique to policy .
Senior Republicans are urging their candidates to stick to what could be called the Barbour Doctrine .
As often stated by the Mississippi governor and former RNC chairman , one of the party ’s most respected figures , Republicans must treat the president respectfully and recognize how likable he is – while making the case against his policies .
“ We have to tie it back to the specific issues , ” Wadhams said of the Obama strategy .
“ This is all about policies and what he ’s doing -- not the president himself , ” said GOP strategist Rich Beeson , a former RNC political director .
Others in the party see vulnerabilities in Obama , but believe the best way to exploit them is to package them with a broader offensive on all of Democratic - controlled Washington , including other foils in the line of attack .
In Iowa , whose caucuses launched Obama ’s presidential hopes , his approval rating has also fallen below 50 percent and Republicans are already testing out what will surely be a familiar mantra by November .
“ Rep . [ Leonard ]
Boswell is very closely tied to the Pelosi - Obama agenda and that wo n’t be a positive for him this fall , ” said Iowa Republican Chairman Matt Strawn , referring to the Democratic incumbent the party is targeting .
Linking Boswell to both the president and the even more unpopular House Speaker offers more opportunity , Strawn said , because Pelosi and the Congress tend to more acutely rile an electorate dissatisfied with the political status quo .
“ She ’s a well - known and polarizing figure , ” Strawn said of the San Franciscan .
What makes the Republicans gathered at an ocean - side resort here so upbeat , however , is the prospect of a coming election cycle in which many voters are so turned off at Obama and his party that they do n’t even require much persuasion .
“ The enthusiasm gap that existed for Republicans two years ago has flipped on its head , ” said Strawn .
Beeson , who worked at the national party during the 2008 campaign and recently worked on Scott Brown ’s victory in Massachusetts , said , “ The intensity is off the charts in our base and among independents who are angry about the deficit , the economy and spending . ”
And , Beeson continued : “ Their base is depressed just like ours was in ’08 .
The pendulum has swung back . ”
Recommended !
What happens when you spend a day consuming breakfast , coffee , lunch , dinner , and drinks based solely on the recommendations of random people on the street ?
Lindy West , David Schmader , and Bethany Jean Clement put their stomachs ' fate in strangers ' hands .
photo , lower right , of Zig Zag 's Murray Stenson by Eliza Truitt
Recommended to Lindy West
In which she is sent to the Alki Cafe , then McDonald's , then HoneyHole , then the Metropolitan Grill , then the Zig Zag .
It was 8:30 a.m. , a crispy - clear Monday in West Seattle .
I approached the intersection of California Avenue Southwest and Alaska Street with apprehension , mustering up the testicles to ask my fellow humans about where to eat .
Whom was I to meet ?
A rosy - cheeked auntie with a macramé soul ?
A grizzled but virile silver fox of a stonemason ?
An exiled nobleman forced to sell rubber stamps out of a minivan just to keep himself in ermine and doubloons until he can reclaim his shiny throne ?
A construction worker ?
An Indian ?
A leatherman ?
A cop ?
The other one ?
And where would they send me ?
WHAT FOOD ITEMS WERE IN STORE !?
It was early and there was little foot traffic .
Eventually , a middle - aged woman approached .
She had grayish hair , and I believe she was wearing fleece pants .
She seemed grumpy and in a hurry .
" Excuse me , " I said , friendlily .
" What do you think is the best place in Seattle to get breakfast ? " " Whaaat ? " the lady replied .
" Oh . Well , uh , there 's this place across the street from the Alki Bakery .
I do n't know what it 's called .
It 's pretty good .
You could go there . "
We headed waterward , and eventually located the Alki Bakery .
Across the street , just as fleece - pants lady had promised , was a cute little diner - ish place called the Alki Cafe .
We entered .
The Alki Cafe has a charming sort of ' 80s - chic decor , with weird upholstered valances and bold , stainproof , geometric carpet .
I had biscuits and gravy and potatoes ; my friend ordered chilaquiles .
We shared a stack of three pancakes , just to see how they were ( good , chewy , but with fake syrup instead of maple ) .
From my seat , enjoying my buttery biscuits and chunky gravy — how can something so white have so much flavor ?
— I watched ferries pass by on Elliott Bay and felt at home .
Stuffed to the eyeballs with various forms of dough , we waited in the shadow of Alki 's mini Lady Liberty in search of our next advice - giver — the one who would steer us toward coffee .
I vetoed several potential candidates for being too boring or too fast or having a dog on a rope instead of a leash ( I do not trust those types ! ) , but finally settled on a trio of old ladies out for a morning constitutional .
They were REALLY old .
Like , a hundred .
Or two .
" Excuse me , " I said .
" Can you tell me the best place in Seattle for a cup of coffee ? "
The first old lady — clearly the ringleader — blinked at me .
" I DON'T KNOW , " she shouted like an old , hard - of - hearing air horn , " McDONALD 'S ? ? ? "
" NO ! DUNKIN ' DONUTS ! " cried the second old lady .
The third old lady grabbed the skin beneath her right eye , pulled it down as far as it would go , and began dabbing at her eyeball with a handkerchief .
I looked at them .
" NOT STARBUCKS ! " yelled the ringleader .
I thanked them and headed back toward the car .
After I 'd gone 20 paces or so , I heard , " WAIT ! WAAAAAIT ! " I turned .
The ladies were yelling at me .
" ALSO JACK IN THE BOX ! "
I love you , West Seattle , but the mainland beckoned , and the McDonald 's on Madison Street in First Hill was bustling .
I waited in line and studied my coffee options .
There was a poster illustrating how to order coffee at McDonald's : " PICK YOUR DRINK .
PICK YOUR SIZE .
PICK YOUR MILK .
PICK YOUR SYRUP . "
Pick .
Your .
Syrup .
It seemed wrong not to follow McDonald 's instructions about its own coffee — Mayor McCheese ought to know best , after all — so I picked latte , small , 2 % , vanilla .
The resulting liquid was possibly the sweetest substance I have ever put in my mouth .
It 's still in my car .
Next , a very high college student in the McDonald 's parking lot instructed me to go to the HoneyHole for my lunch .
Zzzzzzzzzz .
I had a pulled - pork sandwich .
It was boring .
It tasted of pork .
The coleslaw tasted of nothing .
NEXT !
Back outside , a jaunty man jaunted toward us down East Pike Street , a vision in beige — a magnificently nondescript beige blur in a blue newsboy cap and the beigest of beige outfits .
I flagged him down .
" What 's the best place in Seattle for dinner ?
If you could go anywhere ? "
His eyes lit up .
" Anywhere ?
And money is no object ? "
The man looked at the sky .
" Lemme ask you :
Do ya like steak ?
Are you a steak person ? "
Yesssssssssss .
Finally .
The day was taking a turn for the fancy .
The Metropolitan Grill is extremely sophisticated , for the sophisticated types — for people who enjoy the finer things in life , such as sophistication .
It 's like if someone took your dad ( if , say , your dad is the kind of person who wears a smoking jacket and two ascots and a silvery mustache ) and blended him up into a sophisticated smoothie , and then somehow used that smoothie to build a restaurant out of ( get on it , physics ! ) .
On the menu at the Metropolitan Grill , they have a steak that weighs six ounces and costs $ 100 .
So it 's basically the size of a baby mouse , and it costs more than my car ( only a LITTLE bit more , okay ! ? ) .
Instead , I got an eight - ounce , $ 48 steak — the mushroom - crusted tenderloin — which could have been pulled apart with a fork and tasted like Sean Connery or something .
Something expensive and meaty .
For the best cocktail in town , my sophisticated waiter — who looked like Sean Connery or something , and clearly knew his business — sent me to the Zig Zag Cafe , which was the correct answer .
I have no idea what I drank , but there can be no argument that it was the best cocktail in town .
Thanks , Seattle .
Recommended to David Schmader
In which he is sent to Fonté Cafe , then Maximilien , then Vivace , then Sun Liquor , then Tamarind Tree .
Scouting for the citizen who would decide my breakfasty fate just south of the Pike Place Market meant one thing : Avoid tourists .
I soon spotted what looked like a pair of natives — two professionally dressed young women who appeared to be making a coffee run from a nearby office .
" Excuse me , " I said , stopping them in front of the Harley - Davidson shop .
" I 'm looking for somewhere to get breakfast .
I 've got a car and I know the city , so it does n't necessarily need to be around here , it just has to be a really good place for breakfast . "
This torrent left the young women slightly dazed , so I simplified and reiterated : " Where 's your favorite place to get breakfast in Seattle ? "
" Fonté 's great , " said one young woman , gesturing to a storefront a half - block north on First Avenue , inspiring her friend to nod and smile .
" It 's a coffeehouse , but they serve food , too . "
The answer seemed too expedient to be honest , but I quickly came to understand how Fonté Cafe and Wine Bar could be anyone 's favorite .
Boasting an ultramodern design , Fonté feels a bit like a hotel bar / cafe — which it kind of is , with the Four Seasons extending however many stories above .
It is also overwhelmingly brown , with the dark wood trim , glossy leather banquettes , and sepia - print photos adding up to a major statement of Modern Brownness .
This lightly bullying color scheme was our only quibble , as literally everything that landed on our table was delightful .
Fonté offers counter service for coffee , tea , and pastries , and table service for anyone plopping themselves down for a bistro - style breakfast and lunch .
I ordered two eggs over medium , which were served with a couple slices of grilled Columbia City Bakery bread and executed perfectly ; I wanted to hug the cook .
My dining mate 's spiced - pear French toast was also exemplary , made with hearty potato bread and served with thin slices of marinated pear and a jam so tasty it made syrup irrelevant .
Both of us agreed we 'd happily come back .
( Most likely with SAM - visiting relatives and an appetite for wine . )
Our lunch recommendation came from a thirtysomething guy in glasses who bore a familial resemblance to Verizon 's TV spokesman .
Interrogated on the sidewalk outside Fonté , the man wasted no time recommending his number - one Seattle lunch spot : Maximilien , the romantic French joint perched in the Pike Place Market .
Feelingly exceedingly lucky , we followed our dashing French waiter into the Maximilien dining room , where one wall of windows offers a luxurious view of Puget Sound while another wall of mirrors makes the small space feel roomy .
On the menu I found the quiche végétarienne , Maximilien 's only noncarnivorous offering .
Expecting a slice , I was instead delivered a single - serving quiche , about four inches wide , with a mixed green salad .
The quiche was somewhat watery , but powerfully flavorful , with tomato , basil , onion , and Brie , making the whole small endeavor impressively rich .
My dining mate ordered the coq au vin , an extravagant conglomeration of wine - soaked chicken and fresh egg noodles served in a metal skillet .
Asked about its quality , she made a disarmingly intimate facial expression and said , " Perfect . "
Directions for afternoon coffee came from a Pike Place Market fruit vendor who boldly ordered us up the hill to Vivace Espresso Bar at Brix , which is exactly where I 'd have instructed someone to find Seattle 's best cup of coffee .
Relocated to the less - than - inviting north end of Broadway , Vivace remains a wonder , serving the smoothest strong coffee to be had in Seattle , in thick porcelain cups .
I had a double Americano , my mate had a double latte , and Vivace 's reputation for excellence was confirmed once more .
For a pre-dinner cocktail recommendation , I turned to an employee of Broadway 's Hour Eyes Optical , who ordered us directly to Sun Liquor .
Neither of us had been .
My greyhound was bright with fresh - squeezed grapefruit juice , while my mate 's Scarlet Lady wrangled gin , fresh - squeezed lemon juice , house - made grenadine , and champagne into something undeniably girlish but scrumptious .
Added bonuses : complimentary bowls of warm mixed nuts and gorgeous decor ( hand - forged barware , intricately textured walls with inlaid lights , beautiful bathrooms ) .
We loved it .
The day 's final recommendation came from a stylish thirtysomething woman sitting at the Sun Liquor bar .
Asked to name her favorite place in Seattle for dinner , she replied , " I 've lived here a long time and love lots of places — can you give me any guidance ? "
I told her we had a vegetarian in our party and her reply was instantaneous : " Tamarind Tree . "
I almost kissed her .
Situated where the Central District meets the International District , Tamarind Tree is a provincial Vietnamese restaurant I 'd been longing to revisit .
My one previous meal there had been a dream , full of reasonably priced menu items I 'd never tried before but instantly loved , served in a stylishly upscale environment .
This time it did n't disappoint , except when it did :
My vegetarian Tamarind Tree rice was a sampler platter of menu items I loved ( shiitake mushrooms !
Okra ! ) and loathed ( faux prawns ) .
In between these poles were some okay standards ( grilled lemongrass tofu , vegetarian egg roll ) , all of which were significantly improved by the accompanying dish of spicy sauce .
Overall , it was perfectly okay , but unforgivably bland in comparison to many other Tamarind Tree menu items .
Case in point : my dining mate 's Tamarind Tree crepe , which wraps a small galaxy of scallops , prawns , pork slices , shiitake mushroom , bean sprouts , and mung beans in a fried rice - batter crepe , which is topped with coconut milk , served with a mountain of vegetable greens , and , according to my friend , paralyzingly delicious .
Dazzling us both : the Tamarind Tree rolls , an appetizer consisting of a burrito - sized salad roll packed with fresh herbs , fried tofu , roasted peanut , fresh coconut , crispy jicama , and carrots , then cut in quarters and served with soy sauce .
God knows how a freaking salad roll can add up to something so amazing , but while we we 're eating it , the Tamarind Tree roll seemed like a legitimate contender for the best food in the world .
Added bonus :
What felt like an extravagant night out came to just over 50 bucks , including gratuity .
Thank you , citizens of Seattle , for your exquisite taste .
Recommended to Bethany Jean Clement
In which she is sent to Vera's , then Market Street Traders , then Sam's Sushi , then the Smoke Shop , then Bastille .
Ballard in the morning is the land of delivery guys and old men .
Otherwise , there are stunned - looking people waiting for the bus , and there 's a man wearing a tweed trench coat who gives me a double devil 's horns and shouts , " IT'S NEVER TOO EARLY TO ROCK ! "
This man is wrong .
The deliverymen are bringing kegs of beer to bars ; the old men are eating breakfast specials and reading newspapers .
An old man crossing Market Street at Ballard Avenue has just finished doing so .
He carries his newspaper and he looks crabby .
His recommendation for a breakfast place is a model of economy : " Vera 's , " he says .
" It 's right around the corner .
It 's clean .
[ Pause . ]
They have good cooks . "
Upon being sincerely thanked , he warms to his subject and speaks of Ballard 's multifarious lunchtime options : " There 's Mexican down there , a Puerto Rican place , Japanese , Lombardi's — that 's Italian . "
He is clearly happy about the prospect of lunch , despite having just finished breakfast .
His jacket has a slight greasy sheen that traps me between happy and sad — maybe he 's become deservedly stubborn and he wo n't let anyone wash it , or maybe his wife is dead and he does n't know it needs washing .
He smells like onions .
This old man is absolutely right .
Vera's has flowery wallpaper , lots of vinyl booths , and mountainous diner - style breakfasts served by ladies who keep your coffee full and call you " hon . "
( One waitress looks to be in her 20s , and still : " Are you good on coffee , hon ? "
It is a tiny verbal hug . )
Globes of whipped butter melt on fluffy pancakes , and every plate comes with a half - moon of navel orange .
A couple of newspaper - reading old men sit at the counter ; nearby , the mirror in a refrigerated case tantalizingly reflects a pie .
Warm 106.9 FM plays rock so soft , it slowly , pleasantly damages your brain .
If you did not bring a newspaper , there 's the free Coffee News® , " News to Be Enjoyed Over Coffee , " which is like a softheaded Last Days plus crummy horoscopes , though it has one worthwhile old - fashioned joke .
( " What did the zero say to the 8 ?
I like your belt . " )
Vera's is old - school , old Ballard , what passes in this country for old - world .
Vera 's is good .
Vera 's does not take credit cards .
Midmorning coffee happens at Market Street Traders upon the recommendation of someone on the sidewalk in front of Market Street Traders who proves to work at Market Street Traders .
The place is jammed full of woven birdhouses , shell / gourd wind chimes , alpaca slippers , and assorted wall hangings .
Absurdly , the Grateful Dead plays , and the sun beams compliantly in through the windows .
On the cafe side , fair - trade coffee prevents slipping into a coma of mellowness , and no matter how full you may be , the smell of grilling panini will eventually make you think you 're hungry .
On the shop side , surprisingly large fudge samples are administered with kindness , absolutely free , and with no apparent expectation of purchase , along with the information that the fudge is made in - house with Theo chocolate .
As the counterperson notes , the beaming sun is making the fudge a little squishy .
In November , Myballard.com reported that Market Street Traders was closing , but it is still open and negotiating with the bank to stay so .
If you have any interest in sundry colorful imports , good coffee , or mellowness , you ought to stop by .
( Ballard 's preeminent neohippie hangout , the Chai House , is giving up the ghost soon , driven out by rising rent . )
At noontime , Ballard is for the ladies .
Two of them jog down Ballard Avenue pushing strollers , hogging the sidewalk and gossiping apace .
A lady and her grown - up daughter have no advice to give ; they 're also looking for a lunch place .
( I want very much to recommend Cafe Besalu and La Carta de Oaxaca , but fear seeming insane since I just asked them . )
A woman with furry boots , a leopard - print wrap , and a man glued to his mobile phone recommends Sam's Sushi , right off Market .
Sam's was making sushi in Ballard long before nearby newcomers Moshi Moshi and Shiku , with their giant LED cherry - blossom tree and special - features Japanese toilet , respectively .
Sam 's eschews such frippery .
( O'shan Sushi , the neighborhood 's third new sushi spot , is similarly ungimmicked , and it 's family - run , and the quality is excellent ; O'shan is what I would recommend , but it 's only open for lunch on weekends . )
Of note today at Sam's : tasty white salmon and specials of fluffy / gluey / yummy uni and righteously unctuous toro .
The nigiri's slabs of fish are sizable .
On a flat - screen , Anthony Bourdain drinks exotic moonshine with some tribesmen somewhere , then some idiot eats bizarre foods while commenting repetitively ( via subtitles ) about how bizarre the foods are .
Sam 's is pretty good — not the very best , but fine — and it 's a relief after the admittedly greasy Vera 's breakfast .
Some say Sam's has improved with fresh competition .
Others say Sam's is the best sushi in Ballard when none of the others are open .
But you could do a lot worse than the $ 8 to $ 10 lunch specials here .
When dinnertime comes , a woman with smart glasses walking a large Muppet ( she calls it a goldendoodle ) on Market recommends , rapid - fire , Bastille ( for French ) , Volterra ( for Italian ) , or Ray 's ( for a view ) .
Bastille opened to mixed reviews last summer ; six months would seem to suffice for it to hit its stride .
There 's an hour wait for the dining room , and they 're happy to take a cell number and call .
Asked for a cocktail recommendation , a young man outside the Tractor Tavern looking retro-sharp all in black says the Ballard Smoke Shop : " The women who work there look like they were born there — and like they 're gonna die there .
It 's great . "
This young man is absolutely right .
Drinks are eye - wateringly strong ( and cheap ) , the bartendress has a prodigiously back - combed hairdo , and the Smoke Shop still smells like smoke and it always will .
Some expert drinkers sit at the bar ; some twentysomethings sit in the corner .
If you like a dive , the Smoke Shop is a treasure .
Going from there back to Bastille is an exercise in cognitive dissonance .
Bastille is , as many have already said , absolutely beautiful , like walking into a sepia - toned Parisian photograph ; the interior is incredible , in the sense of not to be believed .
It is big and candlelit and bustling but romantic .
The service is flawless .
The food is flawed .
The problem seems to be a kitchen in a rush , perhaps in reaction to criticism about long waits .
Now the food is coming out fast , but chef Shannon Galusha ( résumé : Veil , Campagne , the goddamned French Laundry ! ) is not in control of a menu of French standards .
The skin of a grilled quail tastes like charcoal , while close to the bone it is not entirely cooked ; its brussels sprouts are underdone , and its Dijon sauce has visible lumps of crème fraiche and too - large twigs of thyme .
After a few moments , the sauce breaks , its oil and dairy components separating sadly .
Scallops have been seared too intensely on one side , so they 're simultaneously overdone and underdone in different parts , here stringy and there soft ; that they died for this is a tiny tragedy ( as are the undercooked lentils they sit on , a mealy bed ) .
Braised rabbit is tender but bland , and the loin manages to be blander still , despite being wrapped in bacon .
For dessert , a tarte - tatin - type potpie is lukewarm at best , and fancied - up peanut - butter ice cream sandwiches slide apart while being eaten , though they 're pleasing if you like the salt - and - chocolate thing .
Dinner — three courses and a glass and a half of wine from the long almost - all - French list — cost $ 75 a person .
It was not worth it .
Still , Bastille is so , so pretty — a fresh amazement in the heart of Ballard — I would recommend it in a heartbeat for a shared snack and a drink .
Maybe before dinner at Volterra .
Get personal restaurant and bar recommendations from Lindy West , David Schmader , and Bethany Jean Clement right now in Questionland !
Old Time Radio Programs .
Detective series .
298 episodes of Dragnet .
plus -circle Add Review
comment Reviews
Reviewer : BixLives - favorite favorite favorite - August 17 , 2018
Subject : Inferior Transfers
They come from 16 " transcription records that usually moved at 33 RPM and had a standard size groove ( not microgroove ) .
Usually on acetates , hard vinyl and pressings .
Lacquers are also out there but like acetates they have limited play time before they noticeably degrade .
On period tables , they lasted only a few plays .
There are even many dubbed discs out there — of lower , but still stellar quality when compared to these shows .
These sshows come from all sorts of amateur sources , such as cassettes copied many times .
Webb had to record all shows on transcription discs for playback in different time zones .
So do n't strain your ears , there are FAR better transfers out there .
Many of these are home - made recordings and others have gone through years of analogue transfer , that quickly destroyed the audio quality .
For every analogue transfer , you double the distortion and noise .
Now you know why the Beatles recorded full music beds for almost every song before adding vocals .
That is why they sound so clean today .
Jack Webb was a fine producer and made sure to record on top - drawer gear .
These shows were originally in broadcast quality sound , ( 50 Hz - 10 kHz , at better than 50 db S/N ) .
Some of the post shows here can barely be understood .
There are a few dealers out there that charge $ 5 ti $ 10 a CD with at least 25 shows per CD ( in MP3 ) format .
Once you have heard a show in decent fidelity , it is worth every penny .
For spoken word like this , 64 kbps at a 22 kHz sample rate is more than adequate for 1940s broadcast quality sound .
It will sound crisp and clean with good EQ over the entire audio spectrum .
Fun Fact : AM radio in the 1923s , 40's , 50s and 60s was of far higher fidelity than today .
There are better transfers to these shows .
Look around .
I have every one of these shows , most of them in far better fidelity .
If I ever get the time , I will post .
( ugh ) They come from 16 " transcription records that usually moved at 33 RPM and had a standard size groove ( not microgroove ) .
Usually on acetates , hard vinyl and pressings .
Lacquers are also out there but like acetates they have limited play time before they noticeably degrade .
On period tables , they lasted only a few plays .
There are even many dubbed discs out there — of lower , but still stellar quality when compared to these shows .
These sshows come from all sorts of amateur sources , such as cassettes copied many times .
Webb had to record all shows on transcription discs for playback in different time zones .
I.e . , the show was distributed on 16 " transcription discs of broadcast quality — rather than sent ver the blue or red network lines .
Almost all shows STILL exist on a transcription disc somewhere .
I think Webb owned a piece of the show and kept everything .
So do n't strain your ears , there are FAR better transfers out there .
Many of these are home - made recordings and others have gone through years of analogue transfer , that quickly destroyed the audio quality .
For every analogue transfer , you double the distortion and noise .
Now you know why the Beatles recorded full music beds for almost every song before adding vocals .
That is why they sound so clean today .
Jack Webb was a fine producer and made sure to record on top - drawer gear .
These shows were originally in broadcast quality sound , ( 50 Hz - 10 kHz , at better than 50 db S/N ) .
Some of the post shows here can barely be understood .
There are a few dealers out there that charge $ 5 ti $ 10 a CD with at least 25 shows per CD ( in MP3 ) format .
Once you have heard a show in decent fidelity , it is worth every penny .
For spoken word like this , 64 kbps at a 22 kHz sample rate is more than adequate for 1940s broadcast quality sound .
It will sound crisp and clean with good EQ over the entire audio spectrum .
Fun Fact : AM radio in the 1923s , 40's , 50s and 60s was of far higher fidelity than today .
E.g .
1010 WINS broadcasts only about 100 hz to 5000 kHz and suffers a lot of distortion to get their signal louder than other stations .
I can remember STEREO AM in the 1970s on a few station to combat FM music stations .
It sounded pretty good , IF you had a decent multiplexer ( hard to find ) .
- August 17 , 2018 Inferior Transfers
Reviewer : BlueAngel33 - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - July 14 , 2018
Subject : Life saver
This show in its entirety has saved my life from many an anxiety attack and has helped me safely to sleep 😊
Interestingly enough , their social commentaries are n’t outdated or irrelevant , even over half a century later - July 14 , 2018 Life saver
Reviewer : honey showkat - favorite favorite favorite favorite - January 24 , 2018
Subject : Classic Radios
I love it - January 24 , 2018 Classic Radios
Reviewer : The Whistler123 - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - October 5 , 2017
Subject : Dragnet An inovation on American radio .
- October 5 , 2017 Dragnet
Reviewer : avatar / 1952 - favorite - July 16 , 2017
Subject : Dragenet / 1950 , s radio show old time radio classics - July 16 , 2017 Dragenet / 1950 , s radio show
Reviewer : JoplinJerry - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - July 10 , 2017
Subject : Great listening Good clarity on the shows .
I like to sit out late at nite and listen to the Dragnet episodes on the deck and sort of let my eyelids drop .
- July 10 , 2017 Great listening
Reviewer : Missroberta21 - favorite favorite favorite favorite - June 22 , 2017
Subject : I love love dragnet I Always go to bed listening to radio shows and this is my go to lately - June 22 , 2017I love love dragnet
Reviewer : Habakkuk21 - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - April 24 , 2017
Subject : Great stories for bedtime I 've been using these to fall asleep .
Has n't failed me yet !
- April 24 , 2017
Great stories for bedtime
Reviewer : exchaoordo - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - March 16 , 2017
Subject : A big help !
These are really useful to have as a historian and I appreciate them being posted .
There is so much social history in here they can really help people get in touch with the social control efforts by the media in the 1950s .
And who does n't love Jack Webb .
- March 16 , 2017A big help !
Reviewer : jamica5482 - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - March 8 , 2017
Subject :
Thank you , I would just like to thank the person who posted these , I am a teenager , but I love listening to otr , with this website I can download them to my mp3 player , and I really am grateful for the chance to listen to these , thanks !
- March 8 , 2017
Thank you ,
Reviewer : Aquilla - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - February 9 , 2017
Subject : Great !
Watched Dragnet on television , black and white to the color episodes .
Love Jack Webb and his no nonsense police work .
Could n't stand his moralizing but that 's my opinion .
The only comment I really have is the supervisor .
Is that Raymond Burr ?
Did n't know he had a role on the radio show .
I am binge listening to the shows and loving every minute of them .
Thanks !!!!!!!!
- February 9 , 2017 Great !
Reviewer : X - ray John - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - September 25 , 2016
Subject : Very important historical interrupted show If you listen to Episode 182 , April 19 , 1953 , The Big Rip , also listed as episode 200 overall , you will here an announcer interrupting the show at 13 minutes 41 seconds , to say that he had additional names of sick and wounded US GI 's that were being released by the North Koreans .
If there was ever an emotional moment that even topped this great radio show , this was it .
Corporal Vernon C. Warren of St. Louis Missouri
Roy M. Jones of Minneapolis , Minnesota
PFC David Ludlum of Fort Wayne , Indiana
PFC Roy Medina of New York City
They were being released to Freedom City .
- September 25 , 2016 Very important historical interrupted show
Reviewer : Royalty B - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - May 15 , 2016
Subject : Better than watching the Dragnet from TV Very realistic and definitely entertaining !
- May 15 , 2016 Better than watching the Dragnet from TV
Reviewer : cactustrain - favorite favorite favorite favorite - March 21 , 2016
Subject : Duplicate episodes
Is it me , or are episodes 76 and 78 the same ?
Excellent series .
- March 21 , 2016 Duplicate episodes
Reviewer : Paige42986 - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - February 14 , 2016
Subject : I am a huge dragnet fan I just have to say a big thank you for having this archive as a fan it makes me so happy to have these to listen to !
- February 14 , 2016I am a huge dragnet fan
Reviewer : Dave UK - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - January 9 , 2016
Subject : Dragnet Radio Great to have so many episodes , to listen to every day , instead of only once a week , as was the case when the show was first recorded .
I never heard them in the UK when they first came out , but remember the TV shows .
I like to listen to one episode every night before going to sleep and do n't know what I 'm going to do when they run out .
Maybe start from the beginning again !
The shows are well produced and convincing , especially because they use real events .
- January 9 , 2016 Dragnet Radio
Reviewer : donnie 56 - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - October 25 , 2015
Subject : Thank You !!!
I Must say that as a Dragnet fan I am absolutely delighted to be able to listen to these radio actuallyepisodes !!!
Im only 56 years old so ive never watched radio before !!
I would like very much to thank those who made listening to Dragnet like this possible .
Thank you for all your time and effort and the great pleasures you have provided us !
- October 25 , 2015 Thank You !!!
Reviewer : darose16 - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - October 16 , 2015
Subject : GREATEST era for Radio
Most kids when they grow up they dream about " when I grow up I 'm gonna be a .... " .
The only job I EVER wanted to do was Radio .
I volunteered for the US Army and enjoyed most of my time .
When I got out at the ripe old age of 21 ( do n't know if they still offer it but in the late 70's you 'd sign on for 6 years and would do 3 active & 3 inactive .
I never lost my desire for radio & lied my way into my very first gig .
My 1st PD , Program Director , knew I had n't been in the business long ( I lied that I had experience ) & kept preaching TOMA to me .
Top
Of the Mind Awareness and said it was something they used to preach during the Golden , and Greatest , era of Radio .
Even as a kid I LOVED going to the library and listening to cassette tapes of radio shows from the 40's & 50's , so I understood what he was talking about .
It did n't mean I would GET how to use TOMA right away but it was the best piece of advice I ever received about the business so I made sure I always used it when I was hiring people !
It would have been GREAT to have had an opportunity to appear on these great shows but I have no regrets about the way things played out for me !
Regardless , all of these GREAT shows were a part of the GREATEST ERA IN RADIO !!
- October 16 , 2015 GREATEST era for Radio
Reviewer : WALLEY131 - favorite favorite favorite favorite - October 12 , 2015
Subject : good show good show for radio i like tv better with jack webb and harry morgan - October 12 , 2015 good show
Reviewer : lovebug2725 - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - August 24 , 2015
Subject : lovebug2725
I love this show !
Thanks for posting !
- August 24 , 2015 lovebug2725
Reviewer : toby jug - favorite favorite favorite favorite - August 2 , 2015
Subject : A modern ear does not appreciate Radio Drama I have said on other reviews that comparing any classic radio show with a " Modern Day " radio or TV version is wrong .
You need to put yourself in the shoes of a listener in the days when the programme was first aired taking into account that TV was still in its infancy and in some cases a poor second too the way Radio gave drama to the listener .
Radio uses " Sound " to convey urgency , fear suspense etc.. and in the golden age they did it so well , what other medium can show the sinister mystery of " The Shadow " just by letting the voice be in a whisper ........ - August 2 , 2015A modern ear does not appreciate Radio Drama
Reviewer : Merlin1961 - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - August 1 , 2015
Subject : Excellent nostalgia !
thank you for uploading these classic episodes .
Please ignore the nay - sayers in this thread ; as they always tell everyone else who does not like their style of entertainment , " just turn it off " .
It 's time they heeded their own advice .
Jack Webb did a fantastic job making this program .
On his death , Chief Daryl Gates announced that badge number 714 , which was used by Joe Friday in Dragnet , would be retired .
Los Angeles Mayor Tom Bradley ordered all flags lowered to half - staff in Webb 's honor for a day , and Webb was buried with a replica LAPD badge bearing the rank of sergeant and the number 714 .
Not bad for an actor .
- August 1 , 2015 Excellent nostalgia !
Reviewer : Vivia - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - July 8 , 2015
Subject : Another Ingrate
Five stars , of course , for Dragnet and its talented crew .
joj91 , what have you voluntarily busted your butt to provide perfect strangers lately ?
Please go whine someplace else : your observations are not helpful in any way , and they make you sound like a moron .
Five stars , of course , for Dragnet and its talented crew .
Archive.org volunteers rock .
Do n't let the subspecies Homo Sap that occasionally wanders in here get you down .
- July 8 , 2015 Another Ingrate
Reviewer : hipyoungmom - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - April 25 , 2015
Subject : Easy listening I love this show !
It 's not too over the top ( sound - wise ) , and it 's very easy to just listen while at the office or doing chores around the house .
I love listening to Jack Webb , and I remember watching reruns of this on Nick at Nite with my dad when I was younger .
I am obsessed in general with old time radio dramas !
- April 25 , 2015 Easy listening
Reviewer : joj91 - favorite - April 19 , 2015
Subject : Sound of Footsteps
It 's bad enough having to listen to that very badly played theme song all the time ( also loud , and apparently never played the same way twice , which also seemed very unprofessional ) .
And then those mindless commercials telling us how wonderfully safe these certain cigarettes were , I even think it was cigarettes that killed Jack Webb at a very young age ( though he always sounded like an old man , even in the beginning ) .
But I can understand , if you 're going to listen to old - time radio you have to take what came with it , and back then that 's what they did .
I know it 's been said he was all about authenticity , if it took 22 steps from one room to another he would use exactly 22 steps on his recordings .
It still kind of sounds obsessive but at least I can understand his reasoning .
But what I do n't get is , every single episode would start out with this series of loud ( and phony - sounding ) footsteps walking or running somewhere .
They sounded like they were trying to mimic the sound of cheap dress shoes detectives might have worn back then , though they also sound too slippery to handle many of times they were involved in chasing crooks , mostly on hard waxed surfaces , they would have fallen on their faces .
So what you get on the radio is this constant loud clomping of mens shoes drowning out all the dialog and other sound effects for the show , and to be honest , as listeners , we do n't really care .
Yes , there should be some indication that people were walking or running when necessary , but it should not ever be the dominant sound effect on this or any other radio or television show .
The stories have their own problems but are tolerable , apparently Jack Webb was a massive control freak and it shows in every minute of his shows , for good or for bad , but in the case of the footstep sounds , after a few episodes it literally becomes unbearable and ruins the show , you just can't listen any more .
I do n't like this old - time radio web site re-design , it 's very had to use or find or download anything .
Every time I download a simple zip file it says " invalid file , " and it 's almost impossible to download individual episodes anymore .
T Jack Webb must have had some kind of fetish about the sound of footsteps because they are EVERYWHERE on his " Dragnet " radio show , and VERY LOUD !
It 's bad enough having to listen to that very badly played theme song all the time ( also loud , and apparently never played the same way twice , which also seemed very unprofessional ) .
And then those mindless commercials telling us how wonderfully safe these certain cigarettes were , I even think it was cigarettes that killed Jack Webb at a very young age ( though he always sounded like an old man , even in the beginning ) .
But I can understand , if you 're going to listen to old - time radio you have to take what came with it , and back then that 's what they did .
I know it 's been said he was all about authenticity , if it took 22 steps from one room to another he would use exactly 22 steps on his recordings .
It still kind of sounds obsessive but at least I can understand his reasoning .
But what I do n't get is , every single episode would start out with this series of loud ( and phony - sounding ) footsteps walking or running somewhere .
They sounded like they were trying to mimic the sound of cheap dress shoes detectives might have worn back then , though they also sound too slippery to handle many of times they were involved in chasing crooks , mostly on hard waxed surfaces , they would have fallen on their faces .
So what you get on the radio is this constant loud clomping of mens shoes drowning out all the dialog and other sound effects for the show , and to be honest , as listeners , we do n't really care .
Yes , there should be some indication that people were walking or running when necessary , but it should not ever be the dominant sound effect on this or any other radio or television show .
The stories have their own problems but are tolerable , apparently Jack Webb was a massive control freak and it shows in every minute of his shows , for good or for bad , but in the case of the footstep sounds , after a few episodes it literally becomes unbearable and ruins the show , you just can't listen any more .
I do n't like this old - time radio web site re-design , it 's very had to use or find or download anything .
Every time I download a simple zip file it says " invalid file , " and it 's almost impossible to download individual episodes anymore .
T V.com did this a few years ago and to this day it 's a fairly useless web site because it 's so difficult to use or find what you 're looking for .
So you go to a better web site like TV by the Numbers .
- April 19 , 2015 Sound of Footsteps
Reviewer : graceasher - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - January 29 , 2014
Subject : Smiles :)
I wish I could thank the person who uploaded these in person .
I am a retired Police Officer of 12 years and I got hurt pretty bad over a year ago arresting a man on meth .
I 'm home almost every single day of my life awaiting surgery .
I have become depressed and can't sleep at night .
I now lay in the dark and listen to these Dragnet episodes and feel relaxed and at peace while I am listening .
They are so nostalgic and it's amazing to me how much some things have n't changed .
These shows really help to cheer me up .
Thank you to the person who took their time to do this .
You never know who 's life you might touch incidentally .
I appreciate this .
God bless .
- January 29 , 2014Smiles :)
Reviewer : oldmusicfreak - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - December 8 , 2013
Subject : Dragnet
These show are the best of OTR .
I remember hearing them when I was a kid , and they havent lost any of their punch over the years .
The earlier ones were the best , 1949 - 50 but even after Ben Romero died the shows were still great , tho the format was slightly different .
I dont watch TV much , its mostly crap anymore instead I listen to these old shows , its much better entertainment .
- December 8 , 2013 Dragnet
Reviewer : Harry Wilson - - August 9 , 2013
Subject : Hello , Aquilla
http://archive.org/details/OTRR_Dragnet_Singles
If you want to download the shows in CD - sized zip files , about 400 Mb to 700 Mb , look for the link that reads ' Dragnet - Old Time Radio Researchers Group ' , or just go to this page :
http://archive.org/details/OTRR_Certified_Dragnet
A bonus of downloading the OTRR zip files is that you will also get many features such as pictures , advertising , related shows , and much more , usually on CD1 .
The first CD zip of the Dragnet series has quite a bit of interesting material .
The pages from the OTRR , Old Time Radio Researchers , always have very good quality files , and are as complete as you are likely to find .
If there 's a show that you 're interested in , a page provided by the OTRR is almost always the best place to start .
Hope this helped , and nice to meet a fellow Dragnet fan .
If you 're a die - hard Jack Webb fan , check out his book on police work , ' The Badge ' , first published in 1958 and still in print at a very good price .
If you go to the top of this page and click the link under ' Keywords ' that says ' Dragnet ' , it will open two pages of links .
Look for the one titled ' Dragnet - Single Episodes - Old Time Radio Researchers Group ' .
This page has pretty well every extant episode , in very good quality .
Alternatively , just go to this link :
If you want to download the shows in CD - sized zip files , about 400 Mb to 700 Mb , look for the link that reads ' Dragnet - Old Time Radio Researchers Group ' , or just go to this page : A bonus of downloading the OTRR zip files is that you will also get many features such as pictures , advertising , related shows , and much more , usually on CD1 .
The first CD zip of the Dragnet series has quite a bit of interesting material .
The pages from the OTRR , Old Time Radio Researchers , always have very good quality files , and are as complete as you are likely to find .
If there 's a show that you 're interested in , a page provided by the OTRR is almost always the best place to start .
Hope this helped , and nice to meet a fellow Dragnet fan .
If you 're a die - hard Jack Webb fan , check out his book on police work , ' The Badge ' , first published in 1958 and still in print at a very good price .
- August 9 , 2013 Hello , Aquilla
Reviewer : ken2 ca - - October 30 , 2012
Subject : THESE ARE PUBLIC DOMAIN ?
From the 1950s and these are public domain ?
Is n't at least the music still under copyright ?
What about the scripts ?
I understand the actual performances and recording might be without copyright if it was n't renewed , but what about the other elements ?
- October 30 , 2012THESE ARE PUBLIC DOMAIN ?
Reviewer : powers91474 - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - February 19 , 2012
Subject : love my dragnet !!!
i wish they made them like this , everyone one these shows is pure entertainment i found my very first episode five years ago when i stumbled upon them on itunes iphone and after searching the net for more i found the treasure that is INTERNET ARCHIVE !!!
lets all support this site with a monthly gift of any amount so they can continue to bring us these wonderful shows from days past ... just as pbs offers us unfettered access to quility tv this site gives us what is the best that writers and actors and directors had in the golden age of radio i can say since those first days of listening i find my self more relaxed and in a better state of mind say than after watching some silly tv show i think it was a different time when most of these shows were made and i believe as the quility of what we put in our minds went down with the so did the moral fabric of our souls ... dont believe me instead of watching those disgusting shows at night turn on one of dragnets episodes or a whistler or phillip marlow and sit back with the lights low and just relax with the tone of the words i swear its better than zanax for stress anyway thanks INTERNET ARCHIVE youve givin me many a peaceful evening and my mind lost in the age of old time radio - February 19 , 2012 love my dragnet !!!
Reviewer : Dario Witer - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - January 20 , 2012
Subject : Classic Police Drama
Of all the crime dramas that ever appeared on radio , none can beat the intencity and suspence of DRAGNET .
It 's no -nonsense approach to presenting the dry , but realistic daily routines of police work , plus the stark drama of fighting criminals , made this series an all - time classic , both on radio , and later on , television .
DRAGNET continues to be an all - time classic , and , is the drama that set the standard of all police dramas that followed it , have tried to emulate .
None have been able to do so since .
- January 20 , 2012 Classic Police Drama
Reviewer : mnpd - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - June 29 , 2011
Subject :
How times have changed !.....
I 'm a retired metropolitan police commander , and knew the business had changed .
I just did n't realize how much until I listened to an episode of radio Dragnet .
Friday hauls in an entire load of bar customers because they might have seen a shooting .
Then , an overnight " dragnet " produces over 200 more suspects who are promptly taken downtown for interrogation .
Effective yes ... but Friday would n't last a week on today 's police departments .
You can't take anyone " in for questioning . "
And , there are no suspects anymore either .
Well , there are suspects , but you can't do a thing about it unless you have enough evidence to arrest them .
The only people the cops take in these days are those which have been arrested for an articulable crime , and evidence exists to prosecute them .
Yep , after the first week , Friday would have at least a dozen Title 42 / Section 1983 lawsuits pending on him .
Worse , his department would side with the plaintiffs by claiming that they told him NOT to conduct himself in that manner .
So , Friday would find himself working in the Tow - in - Lot or answering the phones down in Warrants until the Department figured out a way to get rid of him .
Joe Friday is incapable of understanding the change in times .
In his day his job as a cop was to catch criminals .
Today , a cop 's first priority is to not get sued .
Forget the criminals , because no cop agency ever got sued for NOT catching a criminal .
No one sues you for being lazy , and being lazy pays just as much as being vigilant .
But never fear because Joe Friday types do n't even apply for the job anymore .
The business has been changed for so long that even the applicants have evolved .
Before I retired , I could n't believe the numbers of one - year rookies with the attitudes of 20 - year veterans .
You could n't get them to work on - time , or devote their time on - duty to catching crooks .
They were just as likely to be found reading the newspaper in some remote alley as their gray - haired co-workers .
- June 29 , 2011 How times have changed !.....
Reviewer : Back To The 80s - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - January 9 , 2011
Subject : Awesome Series Dragnet is no doubt in the top 5 all time classic OTR series of all time .
I absolutely love this series !
- January 9 , 2011 Awesome Series
Reviewer : mally - one - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - November 18 , 2010
Subject : Who Knew ?
Who knew good detective work was powered by " Fatima Brand " cigarettes ?
- November 18 , 2010
Who Knew ?
Reviewer : Trekbikefan - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - June 2 , 2010
Subject : Thoughtful and engaging I remember watching old re-runs of the Dragnet 1967 TV show with my dad when I was a kid , then recently I watched a few episodes from the original 1950's TV series after finding some cheaply produced DVD versions of a few of them .
Then I found these old radio programs on the internet recently .
I must say that these are as good as , if not better than , either of the TV series ( although the cigarette advertisements are somewhat laughable today ) .
I enjoy listening to these while riding my bicycle or mowing the lawn , they definitely help to pass the time .
The action sequences are a bit hard to follow ( with canned gunfire soundbytes interspersed with the protagonists ' talking to each other , leaving what is actually happening a little ambiguous until the end . ) but this is forgivable , since they comprise only a minute portion of the programs .
The dry documentary style of the shows is what sets them apart from most police dramas , both past and present .
I actually enjoy the fact that an episode will devote a 2 minute sequence to SGT Friday waiting on hold for an operator to transfer his call , or another similar sequence to SGT Friday and Romero talking to each other from the inside of a car trunk where they are awaiting some unsuspecting criminals ... this adds to the realism of the shows ... a lot of police work is pretty boring stuff ; as the son of a cop myself , I realize this very well .
Indeed , most of us will admit , even those of us with the most exciting jobs will have a large part of our day that is fairly mundane .
The Dragnet shows capture the mundane aspects of life that most dramatizations miss .
I think that these shows are a throwback to a different era ; although many have criticized our ancestors ( and rightly , at times ) for such wrongs as racism and ethnocentrism , listening to these shows has shown me the better side of 1940's and 50's U.S. society .
The episodes show a keen awareness of the darker side of life ( tackling such crimes as pedophilia , pornography production and distribution , serial killings , and cop shootings ) , yet they deal with these topics in a sensitive and tasteful way that stands in sharp contradistinction to the tasteless dramatizations that one often sees of such crimes on TV today .
Criminals and lowlifes are not glorified with quasi-voyeuristic depictions and descriptions of their vile work , as is so often the case today in law enforcement television programs .
I think I have learned a lot about 1950's America just by listening to these episodes , because you pick up on the little subtleties that you 're not necessarily going to find in a history book ( and the subtleties are just as much in what the characters do say as in what they do n't say ... there were certain things you just did n't talk about back then , because there were rules of polite behavior that were a bit more conservative , and possibly superior in many ways , to what we have now ) .
The show also makes vague occasional references to the social stigmas associated with being a police officer ( One can hear the resigned frustration in the voice of SGT Friday , when , at the end of one program , he simply reflects back at her a lady 's accusation : " You 're right ; I would n't understand ... I'm a cop ) .
- June 2 , 2010
Thoughtful and engaging
Reviewer : bippy - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - March 27 , 2010
Subject :
Well done series , esp. the ones with Sgt Romero
The first few seasons of Dragnet were the best with Romero as Friday 's partner .
The best show I heard was the chilling ' Claude Jimmerson Child Killer ' , where the cops meet in the house of a neighbor of a missing child to organize a search party and it turns out it 's the killer 's house , as Sgt Friday somewhat embarrassed , realizes he missed some clues right under his own nose .
- March 27 , 2010
Well done series , esp. the ones with Sgt Romero
Reviewer : Rayme - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - January 20 , 2010
Subject :
Love the old days and this show I remember as a boy my grandma got me into talk radio , then thru osmosis , I found an L.A. radio station that would play old time radio at 2 am .
I remember the time cause I played in a Rock band at the time and what no one in the audience knew was that I could n't wait for the show to be over cause it was about a 45 min drive home and I would turn on the old time radio show and think of my grandma .
That was the early 90s .
Growing up I watched the tv version of dragnet and liked it and now that I " m in my 40s , to find all the episodes of it here if a gift .
It was a better time , simpler , more innocent and I wish alot that I grew up back then in the 40s and 50s .
Nowdays noone has the morals or honesty of back then .
To whoever made and maintains this site ... thank you so much and Grandma ... I miss you , thank you for sharing your love of radio with me , it never left .
- January 20 , 2010 Love the old days and this show
Reviewer : feekie - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - November 3 , 2009
Subject : Love the Early Shows Best !
I love the early Dragnet shows the best .
Ed Backstrand 's intensity and Joe Friday 's partner , Romero , made the early shows really fun to listen to .
I liked the later shows too and the tv shows , but the early ones are really classics .
- November 3 , 2009 Love the Early Shows Best !
Reviewer : ohsnapiam56 - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - August 19 , 2009
Subject : A Great Time Capsule I love these episodes .
Not only are they high class entertainment , but they are a window to the past ... people were more trusting , more polite .
Men wore hats and took them off when talking to a woman ; woman wore dresses and heels ; people dressed up to go to the movies , etc .
The drudgery of police work then was amazing ... no computers , no cell phones ( I have an old phone from this time period and my niece and nephew asked me how to use it recently ) .... all leg work .
Listening to these stories is way better than the junk they have on TV now .
- August 19 , 2009A Great Time Capsule
Reviewer : LeGrande - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - December 27 , 2008
Subject : Timely topics even for today ... buildings under bomb threats , teenage and adult drug use , pedophiles , sexual abuse ... it seems like things were n't all that different in the late 40s and 50s than it is today .
While the machine - gun patter is a comedy cliche today ( think about the Mathnet parodies on CTW's Square One TV show ) , it did allow the show to squeeze in a lot of dialogue and action in a short period of time .
Dragnet is one of OTR 's best series , and should be included in any collection .
- December 27 , 2008 Timely topics even for today ...
Reviewer : < HRM > - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - April 21 , 2008
Subject : More more more I 'm downloading the rest of them for my Sansa .
I really enjoy breaking up a day with a couple episodes of Old Time Radio .
They are easier to follow than a book when multitasking ( though it takes more concentration than music ) and I can lose myself for a short while .
Anyone with a portable player should set up a folder with some Radio and try it out .
Home listening would be fine of course , but what a great way to kill time when on the go .
-- April 21 , 2008 More more more
Reviewer : 2 muchtv - favorite favorite favorite favorite - March 9 , 2008
Subject : Great radio show , scary commercials
In hindsight it 's somewhat difficult to appreciate just how creative , risk - taking and innovative this remarkable radio show really was .
The visionary recipe started by bringing together the institutional documentary style of programs like the Westinghouse " Adventures in Research " with the character dimensions and musical score of a radio soap opera .
Webb then mixed in gritty elements considered inappropriate at the time , interviewing ' dance hall girls ' and having characters say things like " Do you mind if I eat while we talk ? "
Targeting the voracious crime - drama appetite of post war America and served with a heaping helping of Roosevelt - era social engineering , Webb used mass media to disseminate cautionary tales to encourage good behavior among the masses .
Rendered a cliché by the longevity borne by its overwhelming success , Dragnet is a fascinating study of rapid character development ; plot pacing and exploiting the time worn adage that truth really is stranger than fiction .
Oh goodness !
Those Fatima ( Pronounced fa - tee ' - ma ) cigarette commercials .
Using lessons from WWII propaganda , interrogation techniques and the new science of the psychology of consumer behavior , Liggett & Myers ( L&M ) Tobacco Company tried to resuscitate an aging brand from the late 19th century using radio .
According to Wikipedia , " Fatima was the sole sponsor of the early years of the Dragnet radio series .
The creator and star of Dragnet , Jack Webb , voiced a number of on - air pitches for the brand and appeared in print advertising as well .
There was also a short - lived mystery anthology series called Tales of Fatima , hosted by Basil Rathbone .
The brand 's old - fashioned image caused it to lose market share from the mid-1950s onward , and L&M eventually phased it out by around 1980 . "
- March 9 , 2008
Great radio show , scary commercials
Reviewer : Framan - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - February 8 , 2008
Subject : Double thumbs up I agree with everybody else 's comments ... this collection is top shelf stuff .
- February 8 , 2008 Double thumbs up
Reviewer : jeffzkrazie - - November 16 , 2007
Subject : Greatness I am in OTR heaven when I am on this page no doubt , Dragnet is my favorite OTR show of all time !!!!!
Thanks for whomever uploaded these !!!!!
- November 16 , 2007 Greatness
Reviewer : foggymtbutt - favorite favorite favorite favorite - October 8 , 2007
Subject : Yes !
What the previous reviewer said , I would like to echo .
- October 8 , 2007Yes !
Reviewer : Eklectic1 - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - October 5 , 2007
Subject : Old Time Radio
Very well done dramatic episodes , tight writing .
I thought Jack Webb was a ham ( based on watching Dragnet 1967 , 1968 , and so on ; I was a 60s kid ) , and then I got curious about these episodes on the radio .
They are great , and a real eye - opener !
We 've become so cynical , it 's refreshing ( and amazing ) to think that just a few years before I was born , people had ideals of a much higher kind .
People were n't better , mind you ; they just had much higher expectations of how to behave .
We were much more socially connected , and in the fragmented society of Los Angeles in the early 50s , you can see the fraying edges of what was to come .
Listen , learn , and enjoy .
A true cold lemonade to the thirsty , time - traveling mind .
- October 5 , 2007
Old Time Radio
As readers of Antiwar.com certainly are aware , J Street was created a year and a half ago to serve as an alternative to the American Israel Public Affairs Committee ( AIPAC ) .
J Street supports creation of a viable Palestinian state that would exist side - by - side in peace with Israel .
Unlike AIPAC , J Street advocates first negotiating issues rather than dropping bombs and it rejects the view that American Jews should close ranks and reflexively and unconditionally support every government in Israel .
J Street targets liberal minded American Jews who are troubled by the Israel Lobby ’s right wing - Likud orientation .
It promotes itself as pro-Israel , pro-American , and pro-peace , maintaining that it is possible to support Israel without having to endorse all Israeli government actions .
It has recently concluded its first Washington conference which attracted a smattering of politicians .
General James Jones , President Barack Obama ’s National Security Adviser , was a featured speaker .
J Street has come under attack from the usual suspects , to include the Weekly Standard , the National Review , and assorted individual neocons .
Because of the attacks , there has been a " my enemy ’s enemy " response and a number of opponents of AIPAC and the neocons have rallied to J Street , in some cases purely because the neocon onslaught suggests that J Street must be a good thing .
Some defenders of J Street have pointed out that it is more moderate than AIPAC and therefore must be considered a better lobbying option even if it sometimes has to embrace compromise policies that are imperfect .
Others have argued that even when it has to take certain positions tactically it still represents the best hope for a peaceful future in the Middle East .
I have to disagree .
I believe that J Street is just another Israel advocacy group with a slightly more progressive and politically correct and therefore acceptable message .
J Street wants carte blanche United States support for Israel and , indeed , it might reasonably be described as little more than a spin-off of the existing Israel Lobby to make it more palatable to the liberal Democrats that make up the Obama Administration .
It is one more voice pushing the same old agenda with slightly different window dressing .
This is not to suggest that AIPAC and J Street are actually acting in collusion but the two pro-Israel lobbies clearly have the same overriding objective : to preserve unlimited American support for the state of Israel , not advancing the interests of the United States except insofar as one assumes erroneously that Tel Aviv ’s and Washington ’s interests are identical .
J Street calls continued massive US military aid to Israel " an absolutely essential aspect of Israel ’s security . "
If it is difficult to perceive any pro-American element to the J Street program it is because it is not about the United States at all – it is about Israel .
J Street believes Washington should continue indefinitely in its role as Israel ’s patron , security guarantor , and financial supporter .
On many of the specific issues , J Street is AIPAC lite .
It accepts an Israeli state based on religion , not on equal rights for all citizens , specifically supporting the apartheid - like right of any Jew to " return " without affording similar rights to Christians or Muslims who resided in Palestine before 1948 .
Its Executive Director Jeremy Ben - Ami calls a one - state solution to Israel / Palestine with all citizens having the same rights a " nightmare . "
In a recent interview he praised AIPAC and outlined his vision for a continuing American - Israeli special relationship saying , " for instance , the special relationship between the U.S. and Israel , the essential security guarantee that the U.S. provides , the notion that Israel should always have a qualitative military edge — those are things that have been achieved by lobbying , by what some people would call the ‘ Israel lobby . ’
J Street is very happy with these achievements , and we support those ends , and we respect and admire much of what groups like AIPAC and others have done over the years . "
Ben -Ami also commented on the Mearsheimer - Walt book on the Israel Lobby , saying " I do n’t like what Stephen Walt and John Mearsheimer have written in their book and in their articles .
I do n’t agree with Stephen Walt . "
He criticizes their scholarship and labels them as anti-Semites , claiming that the book " essentially says that all of American foreign policy is controlled by this one lobby and this one interest group , to me , personally , this does smack of the kind of conspiracy theories contained in the Protocols of the Elders of Zion . "
Ben -Ami has also recently released a statement on Iran in an apparent attempt to confirm to skeptical would be supporters that J Street is willing to get tough with the Mullahs .
" J Street supports the thoughtful and nuanced approach to Iran sanctions legislation articulated yesterday by Chairman Howard Berman .
We agree that it is a vital interest of the United States , Israel and the entire Middle East to ensure that Iran does not obtain nuclear weapons .
Further , we agree with the Chairman ’s stated policy preferences for achieving that objective .
J Street ’s first choice — as it is for President Obama and Chairman Berman — is to resolve the nuclear issue through diplomatic means .
We , too , strongly support the Obama Administration ’s efforts to engage Iran and hope for promising follow - through to the first round of talks held in Geneva on October 1 .
However , should engagement not produce the desired results , we too believe that the United States should seek hard - hitting multilateral sanctions through the United Nations Security Council .
If that course of action proves impossible , then the U.S. should work to build the broadest possible international coalition to back such steps .
The imposition of unilateral sanctions , without UN approval or the support of allies , should be , as the Chairman himself says , a last resort .
J Street supports the Chairman ’s intention to mark up the bill on October 28th and to give the President further time to pursue our preferred options .
As we have said before , J Street does not oppose the imposition of sanctions per se .
We prefer , as do Chairman Berman and President Obama , attempting to achieve the desired result through diplomatic engagement and multilateral action . "
Describing Congressman Howard Berman as " thoughtful and nuanced " regarding Iran is , to say the least , generous and many have noted that his House bill is basically an act of war requiring intervention by the US Navy and would devastate the Iranian economy .
His bill has 327 co-sponsors and was marked up yesterday in committee so that it can move to a vote in the full house .
Supporting " hard - hitting multilateral sanctions " will only end any hopes for a negotiated solution and will strengthen Iranian hardliners , as J Street well knows .
There is in fact little practical difference between J Street ’s position and that of AIPAC .
J Street even supports denying Iran the right to enrich uranium for peaceful purposes , which is basically the Israeli government position , not that of the US .
Ben -Ami does not accept the UN ’s Goldstone report that detailed the Israeli war crimes committed in Gaza in January , saying he is against embracing " the Goldstone report and for standing up for the right of Israel to defend itself or for its military aid . "
He publicly praised President Obama for rejecting the report ’s carefully arrived - at conclusions .
J Street ’s nuanced criticism of the brutal Israeli invasion of Gaza also deserves to be quoted in full because it ignores the murder of 300 Palestinian children by the Israeli Defense Forces and only differs from AIPAC ’s position in tone :
" Throughout the recent Gaza crisis , J Street consistently called for strong American and international leadership to reach a cease - fire that ended all military operations , stopped the rockets aimed at Israel , instituted an effective mechanism to prevent weapons smuggling into Gaza to re-arm Hamas , and lifted the blockade of Gaza .
While the military response by the Israeli Defense Forces may be understood and even justified in the wake of Hamas rocket attacks , we believe that a military response that is disproportionate and escalatory will ultimately prove counterproductive , igniting further anger in the region and damaging long - term prospects for peace and stability for Israel , the Palestinians , and the whole region .
Obviously Israel has the right to employ military force to defend its citizens and interests .
The right question to ask , however , is not whether Israel has that right , but whether the specific actions taken by Israel in Gaza actually serve Israel ’s legitimate long - term security interests and America ’s best interests .
In this case , J Street believes they may well not . "
There are other examples of allegedly moderate J Street positions actually veering sharply to the right .
A J Street sponsored event in mid September featured retired Israeli Major General Danny Rothschild .
The general was being introduced around Washington where he openly advocated a two - state solution with the Palestinians because of his belief that it is the best solution for Israel .
But he also reiterated standard Israeli talking points about " Islamofascism " and Iran , i.e. that there is no use talking to those people and that Iran intends to develop a nuclear weapon and has repeatedly threatened to destroy Israel .
He claimed , wrongly , that Tehran is rapidly building up its armed forces and advocated a military solution to the Iran problem .
One attendee commented afterwards that Rothschild sounded like an Israeli version of Republican Senator John McCain .
J Street might well be sincere in its efforts and if they help bring about something equating to a peace settlement in the Middle East , I wish them success .
But it appears to me that J Street ’s positions are just a variation on the usual Israel - first policies that have been dominant in Washington for so long .
Since its founding , J Street has been drifting closer to the Israeli government positions that it once seemed to criticize and , since I am naturally cynical , I might wonder if that was the intention right from the beginning .
One might well question in any event why there should exist a lobby operating in Washington consisting of American citizens promoting the interests of a foreign country — but we live in strange times .
The founding fathers might have considered such a schizophrenic world view inappropriate for ostensibly loyal American citizens , a view that I share .
web page of tbaran
This site has moved to tombaran .
info .
You will be redirected automatically .
Introduction
Mark and Jenny is the working title for a currently being written story by the Administrator of naturistfiction .com .
13 chapters are already written , including the final epilogue .
Each Monday , one new chapter used to be published here until February 1th 2010 .
For now , Mark and Jenny are on pause , to give time to the author to write more articles .
You can follow his writing on " Stories Progress Report "
The first mention of naturism only occurs in the 7th chapter ( Published on December 21st ) , so please , be patient .
Meanwhile , you can post comments on Reddit here
Tim Ellis sez , " Completely inexcusable ' transparency ' from the FDIC , releasing hundreds of totally blacked - out docs in response to a Freedom of Information Act request about the closure of Washington Mutual .
' An unprecedented level of openness in Government ' indeed . "
On the plus side , at least one agency in the Administrative branch knows how to redact a document .
Both agencies have declined repeated requests to answer questions about how they decided to close WaMu .
WaMu is just one of 155 financial institutions closed since the housing crisis got under way in 2008 , including six closed so far this month .
Under FOIA , agencies are required by law to provide information within 20 days .
The FDIC has offered several explanations for the delay , most often citing its workload .
A lot of banks have failed since the onset of the financial crisis , they said .
" We 're drowning in paperwork , " one of the agency 's FOIA officers said .
The fight for WaMu documents
( Thanks , Tim ! )
Our Ambigram generator below takes single words like ( FAMILY ) & creates an image which can be read upside down .
FREE STENCIL ALSO INCLUDED WITH ALL ORDERS
Try entering a meaningful word or name in the box below and then click on either Old English or Script for the font
If you need inspiration we have a selection of suggestions - Try your name & your partners name !
Ambigram Maker : Ambigram Generator
By using the free ambigram generator below you agree to our terms and conditions .
Enter the two names & click on one of the two scripts to see if we can do it !
Artists that produce photorealistic sculptures , for the most part , aim to show us our bodies and life as it really is .
Technically , artists who strive for a high resolution level of detail in painting or sculpture are called “ hyperrealists ” , although all hyperrealists are also considered to be photorealists .
Every detail is slavishly recreated as close to the real life model as possible , even if the sculpture is larger than the original scale .
Photorealistic sculptors create truly amazing sculptures that will make you feel wonder , revulsion and the sense of looking in someone else ’s mirror .
In this post we feature sculptors Ron Mueck , Evan Penny , Jamie Salmon , Duane Hanson , Sam Jinks and Adam Beane who produce sculpture that seems alive in every detail , right down to veins and rashes on skin .
This compilation should give you a cross section of modern photorealistic sculpture .
Ron Mueck
Ron Mueck is one of the premier names in the photorealistic sculpture field .
He used some of his talent to create visual effects for the 1986 movie Labyrinth .
After that he opened up a studio to produce visual effects for the advertising industry , which he was successful at for some time .
In 1996 he transitioned completely into fine art , devoting all of his time to photorealistic sculpture .
He is best known for faithfully reproducing all aspects of the human body in either a larger or smaller than life scale .
His work has been featured in art galleries all over the world , including the Tate in London .
Evan Penny
Age spots , wrinkles , and every detail of a face are featured in the work of Toronto artist Evan Penny .
He generally produces head - and - shoulders busts larger than life size , and implants each hair one strand at a time while creating his sculptures .
Like Mueck , Penny has an extensive background in special effects for film , and his effects have been featured in X - Men and Johnny Mnemonic .
Jamie Salmon
Vancouver sculptor Jamie Salmon uses human hair to help accentuate his photorealistic sculptures .
Together with fellow artist Jackie K. Seo , they form Avatar Sculpture Works .
Salmon uses a complex , multi-stage process to create each piece that can take weeks to months to acheive the realistic details that he is known for .
Duane Hanson
Hanson was one of the pioneers of photorealistic sculpture .
After acheiving a Masters of Fine Arts and teaching high school art , he created his first photorealistic sculpture in 1966 .
He specialized in horrific tableaus , such as his first work , Hanson ’s Abortion , which documented a “ backroom ” abortion .
He started producing more simplistic , single - person sculptures in the 1970’s .
Sam Jinks
Australian sculptor Sam Jinks creates hyperrealistic sculptures from silicone .
He too has been a film and television special effects wizard for 11 years , having spent the last 5 years primarily on his own art .
His works feature oddities such as a fox ’s head on a man ’s body and a man hanging by the armpits on pegs .
He names renaissance artists such as Bosch as his inspiration .
Adam Beane
Beane only began sculpting in 2002 and developed his own material , called CX5 , to lend even more detail to his hyperrealistic action figure sculptures .
The material handles like clay when warm , but is as hard as plastic when it is cool .
He is known primarily for his posed action figures .
What do you think of this form of art ?
Share your thoughts with us …
Sadly the insane twists last week turned out to be no more than J.J. Abrams - esque twists with little explanation , and a lackluster resolution .
The string of strong episodes was cut short by this overly ambitious one , which was just short of a mess .
There was potential in where the twists could have gone , but with two episodes left and one dedicated to the post - apocalyptic future , the elaboration was cut dramatically short , leaving us with plothole on top of plothole .
Anthony and Priya come back to find dead bodies all over the Dollhouse , wiped tapes , and a note on the chair .
Anthony imprints himself , and becomes Topher allowing us to see Enver Gjokaj 's amazing talent one more time .
Topher has a hidden camera , and they discover that Boyd had drugged Echo .
Boyd , Adelle , Paul , Mellie , and a crazy Echo take a road trip to the Rossum headquarters in Tuscon where they are met by Claire / Whiskey .
Their genius plan was to walk through the front door during the day , and demand to see the person in charge , because they " have something Rossum wants .
" You 'd think they would come up with a better plan after driving for hours , especially since Claire who has been imprinted with Clyde the co-founder decides to Adelle on her own , toss the rest of the them in a locked room , and take Echo somewhere else .
Boyd the mastermind has a key card , so he takes Topher to a room with the remote mindwiping tech , and convinces Topher to make the devices usable , so they can get out .
Echo who just woke up in an unguarded room ( I thought these people were smart . ) , knows
Boyd is the bad guy , so she comes in attacking Boyd , but then Claire / Clyde comes in and stops her .
Here 's where everything goes wrong .
Boyd starts explaining everything .
He goes into typical villain psycho talk about how they 're family and how he 's saving the world .
First , he 's made them into better people .
Topher has morals now , and Adelle has a cause .
Wow !
So the genius who fooled everyone for two years is now completely insane .
His justification for fixating on Echo / Caroline was just as far - fetched , but in the world of Dollhouse , science solves everything ( this is n't Fringe is it ? ) .
Whenever her nervous system blocks an imprint , it leaves a neurochemical tracers in her spinal fluid that can be used to create a vaccine against imprinting .
That way , when he starts going crazy with the tech , he and a select few will be safe .
Oh yeah , and his justification for making the tech in the first place ?
Since the tech will be made eventually , he 'll make it first to harness its uses .
Meanwhile , Paul and Mellie are off destroying the supercomputer .
Boyd forces Adelle to activate November 's killer imprint and before killing Paul , she kills herself .
There has n't been much of Paul the past few episodes , and Mellie was supposed to be off on her own , so their storyline felt very disconnected .
Echo is about to get her spinal fluid drawn when Tony and Priya save her .
They also save Adelle and Topher , but they do n't affect anything after this .
She goes to slug it out with Claire , and we get what will probably be the last major throwdown of the series .
Echo comes out the victor , and Claire is n't seen for the rest of the episode .
It was very abrupt how the fight ended with Claire just lying there unconscious .
I thought there would be more , but apparently not .
Boyd and Paul meet up and before they can do anything , Echo shows up , they fight , and Topher wipes Boyd .
The role of active and handler is then reversed .
Echo straps on dynamite onto Boyd , and tells him to detonate a grenade .
Echo escapes just before the fire consumes her ( obviously she was going to live ) .
The final scene brought in the Epitaph One world for those who have n't watched the DVD .
There we have it .
The last episode of the Dollhouse saga and the end of Rossum .
But there 's also the other Dollhouses , and probably the plans for the remote wipe tech floating around out there .
Did they really think the imprinting would end with the destruction of one building ?
I love Joss Whedon 's work , but I can safely say " The Hollow Men " was n't one of them .
Score : 8.7/10 Amy
Acker is awesome in the pantsuit .
Note for the next episode :
The series finale has been pushed back to January 29 due to the multi-network Haiti telethon .
I wonder how good the show could have been if there were more seasons .
Harry Lennix did a terrific job .
I ’ve been banging away on Clojure for a few days now , and while it would obviously take months of study and grinding through a big serious real - world software project to become authoritative , I think that what I ’ve learned is useful enough to share .
[ This is part of the Concur . next series . ]
1 . It ’s the Best Lisp Ever · I do n’t see how this can be a controversial statement .
Issues of language - design aside , every other Lisp I ’ve worked with has been hobbled by lacklustre libraries and poor integration with the rest of the IT infrastructure .
Running on the Java platform makes those problems go away , poof !
Let ’s assume hypothetically that there are other Lisps where certain design choices are found to be better than Clojure ’s .
Well , you can pile all those design choices up on top of each other and the pile will have to be very high before they come close to balancing the value of Java ’s huge library repertoire and ease of integration with , well , just about anything .
2. Being a Lisp Is a Handicap ·
There are a large number of people who find Lisp code hard to read .
I ’m one of them .
I ’m fully prepared to admit that this is a shortcoming in myself not Lisp , but I think the shortcoming is widely shared .
Perhaps if I ’d learned Lisp before plunging into the procedural mainstream , I would n’t have this problem — but it ’s not clear the results of MIT ’s decades - long experiment in doing so would support that hypothesis .
I think it ’s worse than that .
In school , we all learn
3 + 4 = 7 and then
sin(π/2 ) = 1
and then many of us speak languages with infix verbs .
So Lisp is fighting uphill .
It also may be the case that there ’s something about some human minds that has trouble with thinking about data list - at - a - time rather than item - at - a - time and thus reacts poorly to constructs like
( apply merge - with + ( pmap count - lines ( partition - all * batch - size * ( line - seq ( reader filename ) ) ) ) )
[ Update : ]
Rich Hickey provides some alternative and arguably more readable formulations of this code .
I think I really totally understand the value of being homoiconic , and the awesome power of macros , and the notion of the reader .
I want to like Lisp ; but I think readability is an insanely important characteristic in programming systems .
Practically speaking , this means that it ’d be hard for me to go out there on Sun ’s ( or Oracle ’s ) behalf and tell them that the way to take the best advantage of modern many - core hardware is to start with S - Expressions before breakfast .
3. Clojure ’s Concurrency Features Are Awesome ·
They do what they say they ’re going to do , they require amazingly little ceremony , and , near as I can tell , their design mostly frees you from having to worry about deadlocks and race conditions .
Rich Hickey has planted a flag on high ground , and from here on in I think anyone who wants to make any strong claims about doing concurrency had better explain clearly how their primitives are distinguished from , or better than , Clojure’s .
4. Agents Are Better Than Refs or Atoms · I ’m using these terms in a Clojure - specific way : Specifically , I mean agents , refs , and atoms .
Agents are not actors nor are they processes in either the Operating - System or Erlang senses .
I ’m not actually sure how big a difference that makes ; my suspicion is that programmers probably think about using all three in about the same way , and that ’s OK .
Anyhow , agents solve concurrency problems in the simplest possible way :
By removing concurrency .
Send functions to an agent and they ’ll get executed one at a time in whatever order , taking the agent variable as their first argument , replacing its value with their output .
Here is an example .
I have a map ( i.e. hash table ) called so - far in which the keys are strings and the values are integers counting how many times each string has been encountered .
If I use refs to protect both the hash table and the counters , I get code like this :
1 ( defn new - counter [ so - far target ] 2 ( dosync 3 ( if - let [ c ( @so - far target ) ] 4 c 5 ( let [ counter ( ref 0 ) ] 6 ( ref - set so - far ( assoc @so - far target counter ) ) 7 counter ) ) ) ) 8 9 ( defn record [ target so - far ] 10 ( if - let [ counter ( @so - far target ) ] 11 ( incr counter ) 12 ( incr ( new - counter so - far target ) ) ) )
Let ’s start with the record function on Line 9 .
The if - let looks up the target in the hash , ignoring concurrency issues with @ , and uses incr to bump the counter , if there ’s one there .
If there is n’t , it calls new - counter to make one .
Lines 3 and 4 , in new - counter , are where it gets interesting .
Since everything ’s running concurrently , we ca n’t just go ahead and bash a new counter into the so - far hash table , because somebody might have come along and done that already , recorded a few values even , so we ’re at risk of throwing away data .
So after we ’ve locked things down with dosync , we check once again to see if the counter is there and if so , just return it .
Otherwise we create the new counter , load it into the hash , and return it .
On the other hand , consider the agent - based approach ; once again we have a hash table called so - far , but protected by an agent .
If the code wants to increment the value for some target , it says
( send so - far add target )
This will eventually call the add function with the hash table ( not a reference or anything , the actual table ) as the first argument , and target as the second .
Here ’s add :
( defn add [ so - far target ] ( if - let [ count ( so - far target ) ] ( assoc so - far target ( inc count ) ) ( assoc so - far target 1 ) ) )
Considerably simpler , and nothing ( concurrency - wise ) can go wrong .
I do have one nit with agents .
Most of my code was infrastructure ; a module that reads lines out of a file and passes them one at a time to a user - provided function .
At one point , I made some of the code that fixes up the lines that span I /O - block boundaries agent - based , because it was simpler .
Unfortunately that code also calls the user - provided function and when one of those also tried to send work off to an agent , everything blew up because you ca n’t have a send inside a send .
Actually , I think my nit is more general ; in an ideal world , concurrency primitives would all be orthogonal and friction - free .
But anyhow it ’s a nit , not an architectural black hole , I think .
5. Clojure Concurrency Does Buy Real - World Performance · The Wide Finder runs I was using to test were processing 45 G of data in a way that turned out to be CPU - limited in Clojure ( I think due to inefficiencies in Java ’s bytes - on - disk - to - String - objects pipeline , but I ’m not sure ) .
So making this run fast on a high - core - count / low - clock - rate processor was actually a pretty useful benchmark .
[ Update : Now I ’m sure that the bytes - to - strings thing is not the problem ; I ’m getting much better times , it ’s an interesting story and I ’ll write it up . ]
The single most important result : Clojure ’s concurrency tools reduced the elapsed run-time by a factor of four on an eight - core system , with a very moderate amount of easy - to - read ( for Lisp ) code .
6. Performance is Wonky But It Does n’t Matter · Some more results :
The amount of extra CPU burned to achieve the 4 × speedup was remarkably high , more than doubling the CPU of the whole job .
The costs of concurrency , as functions of whether you use refs , or map / reduce , or agents , and also of block - size and thread - count and so on , are wildly variable and exhibit no obvious pattern .
Well , agents did seem to be quite a bit more expensive than refs .
But refs were pretty cheap ; a low - concurrency map / reduce approach was not dramatically slower than doing the Simplest Thing That Could Possibly Work with refs .
These results are irrelevant .
Remember , this is Clojure 1.0 we ’re working with .
If we determine that the throughput of the agent handlers is unacceptable , or that the STM - based infrastructure is consuming excessive CPU overhead , I ’m quite confident that can be fixed .
For example , we could lock Rich Hickey in a basement and put him on a tofu - and - lettuce diet .
7 . The Implementation Is Good · I pushed Clojure hard enough to have a couple of subtle code bugs blow out the whole JVM , which takes considerable blowing - out on a Sun T2000 .
But the bugs were mine not Clojure ’s .
In the course of quite a few days pounding away at this thing with big data and tons of concurrency , I only observed one bug that I ’m pretty sure is in Clojure , and then I could n’t reproduce it .
Also , I never observed code in Clojure running significantly slower than the equivalent code in Java .
So if I ’m wrong and there ’s scope for a Lisp to take hold in the mainstream , Clojure would really be a good Lisp to bet on .
8. The Documentation Is OK ·
The current sources are Stuart Halloway ’s Programming Clojure , Mark Volkmann ’s Clojure - Functional Programming for the JVM , and of course the online API reference .
I used the book most , and while it ’s well - written and accurate , it ’s either missing some coverage or a little out of date , as I discovered whenever I published code and helpful commenters pointed out all the newer and better functions that I could have used .
I also found the apps they built the tutorial examples around less than compelling .
Also , you can look through the source code , which is mostly in Clojure , and even for someone like me who finds Lisp hard to read , that ’s super - helpful .
But it ’s clear that there ’s good scope for a “ Camel ” or “ Pickaxe ” style book to come along and grab the high ground .
9 . The Community Is Excellent · As I ’ve already observed , the Clojure community is terrific ; we ’ll see how well that stands the test of time .
I suspect I may linger around # clojure even when I ’ve moved on to other things , just because the company ’s good .
10 . The Tools Are n’t Bad · I used Enclojure and I recommend it ; having it set up and manage my REPL was super - convenient , and it never introduced any bugs or inconsistencies that I spotted .
It ’s also very early on in its life and there are rough spots , but really it ’s good stuff .
I gather that rather more people use Emacs and some favor of SLIME , and I ’m sure I would have been just fine with that too .
11 . Tail Optimization
Is Still a Red Herring · I wrote admiringly in Tail Call Amputation about the virtues of Clojure ’s recur and loop forms , as opposed to traditional tail - call optimization .
This is clearly a religious issue , and there ’s lots of preaching in the comments to that piece .
I read them all and I followed pointers , and here ’s what I think :
Clojure ’s loop / recur delivers 80 % of the value of TCO , with greater syntax clarity .
Clojure ’s trampoline delivers 80 % of the remaining 20 % .
Near as I can tell , that leaves state - machine implementation as the big outstanding case that you really need TCO for .
I ’ve done a ton of state - machine work in my career , and while I recognize that you could implement them with a bunch of trampolining tail - called routines , I ’ve never understood why that ’s better than expressing them in some sort of ( usually sparse ) array .
So , my opinion is that post - Clojure , this argument is over .
I suspect that this will convince exactly zero of the TCO fans , probably including Rich Hickey , and that once again the comments will fill up with people explaining how the real conclusion is that I do n’t actually understand TCO .
Oh well .
Thanks !
· To Rich and the community for welcoming me and helping .
I stuffed my code fragments into the SVN repository at the Kenai Divide and Conquer project ; they ai n’t pretty .
If anyone wants to have a whack at the big dataset , send me a hail and if I think you ’re serious I ’ll get you an account .
The quest for the Java of Concurrency continues .
40 Mind Blowing Surreal Photo Manipulations
Mind Blowing Manips gathered from DA .
Each and every manip tells a story of its own .
If u will read the title of Manipulation before viewing it you will love it even more .
All artworks and artists are properly linked back to their profiles and artwork sources .
To go to artist ’s profile click on their name and to go to artwork source click on its title .
Ecosystem Number9 : Telefantasy by * ishbu
assembler by ~ Kosmur
My Secret Tree by ~nFeel
Resistance by ~liquidkid1
60538 by =kubicki
serenity by ~pekthong
Papercut by * Stefano83
Lemon by =sa-cool
Darkness
The moon
Neptun by ~ AdonisWerther
The Egg House by ~ mikebeecham
The realized necessity by ~ AnnMei
Onus by * PenelopeT
Cruel Game by *KunstlerDGenocide
Communio by * BaddogLtd
No need to explain – Liberty . by * sraosha
Flying a Kite by =kizioko
Pictured : Amazing images of polar bear called ' Coldilocks ' taking a dip ( and clearly warming to the camera )
Waving at the camera and kicking off a poolside in Olympic swimmer fashion - these captivating pictures give a revealing insight into the playful nature of majestic polar bears .
The award - winning images were taken by photographer Michael S. Confer after months of trying to get the perfect shot of Coldilocks the bear .
Intent on getting photographs of the 29 - year - old beast underwater , patient Michael regularly visited the Philadelphia Zoo near his Armore home .
But he returned home disappointed every time after months of visits .
How do you do ?
Coldilocks waves at the camera during a rare swim at her enclosure at the Philadelphia Zoo
Elegant :
The 29 - year - old bear pushes off from the side of her pool with the grace of an Olympic swimmer
The giant animal seemed to prefer dry land over her crystal - clear swimming pool each time he popped by to watch her .
He said : ' I have a zoo membership and had been going by the polar area on every visit , hoping to see even a splash .
But I had no luck .
I spent a long time sat next to her enclosure waiting for her to dive in .'
Michael eventually got lucky during a visit to the enclosure with wife Shannon , 38 , a university lecturer , and daughter Normandie , three , when water - shy Coldilocks finally decided to get her giant paws wet .
' I had lost hope and was 50 yards away leaving the polar area when my wife yelled for me to hurry back .
I come running back to viewing pane that runs down one side of her pool .
There was Coldilocks swimming about ever so gracefully .
' She swam for eight minutes and after setting the camera I was able to take about 140 shots .
Ball games : Coldilocks gets playful and bats a ball around for her audience
' Because of her movement , shooting through glass and dealing with other spectators , most images I got were either blurry or obscured by bubbles .
But I did get these five stunning results .
' In the closer images she was only two feet from my face , separated by only a pane of observation glass .
' Looking through the zoom with her pressed so close to me there were a couple of moments where I thought I was a goner .
Having such a powerful animal so close really made me feel like I was vulnerable and small .
' After watching her play with her ball she came up to the glass and really peered into the lens .
She was really curious about what I was doing .
' I could n't believe it when she suddenly straightened up and seemed to give me a wave .
Then she circled past me and pushed away using her legs like a swimmer .
It was an incredible sight . '
Up close :
The curious bear peers at the camera following her movements
Michael 's jaw - dropping intimate images eventually let him scoop awards for his hard work and persistence .
He was a winner in the Communication Arts 50th Photo Annual unpublished category .
The images were then published in their October photo annual issue .
Communication Arts in the US is the largest global trade journal of visual communications .
Two of the images were also selected as winners for the American Society of Media Photographers New York photo competition .
They were exhibited in August at the Farmani Gallery in Brooklyn .
Coldilocks was born at Seneca Park Zoo in New York and was moved to Philadelphia in 1981 .
She is part of the Ambassadors of Education for the Polar Bear International Partnership .
The non-profit project aims to improve worldwide conservation of the polar bear and its natural habitat through teaching people about the animals .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Cabinet ministers have been lining up behind Gordon Brown after two former ministers called for a secret ballot on his leadership .
Patricia Hewitt and Geoff Hoon have written to Labour MPs saying the party was " deeply divided " and the issue must be sorted out " once and for all " .
No 10 said the PM was " getting on with the job " while senior figures came out to talk down the attempted challenge .
The Tories and Lib Dems urged Mr Brown to call a general election now .
Senior Labour sources told the BBC the move was " completely unconstitutional " although another Brown critic , Barry Sheerman , said a vote could be held at next Monday 's weekly meeting of Labour MPs. ' Frustration '
It is understood Mr Brown learned of the letter on Wednesday morning , before finishing his preparations for prime minister 's questions .
In the letter Ms Hewitt - a former health secretary - and Mr Hoon , a former defence secretary who was also Labour 's chief whip , said it was clear the party was " deeply divided over the question of the leadership " .
This is not an attempted coup
Patricia Hewitt
The full story of the day Who 's for , who 's against ?
They said the continued " uncertainty " was " damaging our ability to set out our strong case to the electorate " and only a secret ballot of all Labour MPs would resolve the issue .
They wrote : " There is a risk otherwise that the persistent background briefing and grumbling could continue up to and possibly through the election campaign . "
Ms Hewitt , who is stepping down as an MP at the election , told BBC Radio 4's World at One : " This is not an attempted coup .
It 's exactly what we say in the letter - it's an attempt to get this matter sorted out once and for all . "
' Self indulgent '
Mr Hoon told the BBC he had not spoken to any current cabinet ministers before writing the letter .
He said : " This is about ensuring that the Labour Party can go united into what is in any event going to be a difficult campaign supporting a strong leader that we can all back . "
Weeks before the country gets to choose who should be its next prime minister Labour MPs are considering taking the decision for them
Nick Robinson
BBC 's political editor
Read Nick 's thoughts in full Send us your comments
As the day progressed , cabinet ministers voiced their support for Mr Brown 's leadership , including Home Secretary Alan Johnson - touted as a future Labour leader - Justice Secretary Jack Straw , Energy Secretary Ed Miliband and Business Secretary Lord Mandelson .
Schools Secretary Ed Balls told the BBC Mr Hoon and Ms Hewitt were not speaking for " the vast majority of members of the parliamentary party , the Labour Party , or the cabinet too " .
He added : " If people thought this was the right time for us to turn inwards the country would think we had lost our marbles . "
Chancellor Alistair Darling said : " As far as I 'm concerned we should be concentrating on the business of government and getting through the recession .
" The PM and I met this afternoon and we discussed how we take forward economic policies to secure the recovery .
I wo n't be deflected from that . "
And deputy Labour leader Harriet Harman said they were " getting on with our jobs as ministers in a government that Gordon leads " .
BBC political editor Nick Robinson said it was noticeable that , six hours after the news broke , Foreign Secretary David Miliband - also seen as a possible future leader - had not publicly commented .
However , Mr Miliband later issued a statement saying he " was working closely with the prime minister on foreign policy issues " and " supported the re-election campaign for a Labour government that he is leading " .
Labour MP Frank Field and former home secretary Charles Clarke , who have criticised Mr Brown in the past , both told the BBC they welcomed the call .
Former minister Fiona MacTaggart also said she supported the ballot and challenged claims it was not backed by Labour MPs .
This kind of thing is diversionary , it 's stupid
Margaret Beckett And Mr Sheerman , who acknowledged he was one of the " usual suspects " in calling for a change of leadership , told the BBC : " There are many of us that still passionately believe that if you have a party leader whose personal rating is well below his party 's , then you have to look at the leadership . "
But chairman of the Parliamentary Labour Party Tony Lloyd told the BBC a leadership ballot was not what the party , or the British public , wanted .
" Geoff Hoon has very little support and that 's the real issue for the Parliamentary party - what we want is Gordon Brown ignoring this . "
Senior Labour sources told the BBC that the move was " completely unconstitutional " and the Labour Party could only call a leadership election through a card vote at the party conference .
' Dysfunctional ' Conservative Party chairman Eric Pickles said Labour MPs were " turning on the prime minister " .
" It 's irresponsible to have such a dysfunctional , faction - ridden Labour Party running the country . "
And Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg 's chief of staff Danny Alexander said Labour had " given up hope " of winning the election and were now in " a desperate scrabble to save their own seats " .
Plaid 's Westminster leader Elfyn Llwyd said Labour 's " petty internal squabbling " showed how out of touch they were .
SNP leader Alex Salmond said Mr Brown needed to have a vote on his leadership to clear the air .
Opposition parties urged the prime minister to call a general election - one must be called by early June but 6
May is currently considered the most likely date .
Mr Brown has faced continued criticism from some within his party since he succeeded Tony Blair in 2007 - when no - one got enough support to challenge him for the job .
But he saw off efforts to unseat him last year , when cabinet minister James Purnell quit and called on him to go .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
3 min read
The other day my Dad mentioned that “ any true geek always carries a USB drive with him ” .
I proved my geek - hood by producing the 2G titanium thumb drive from around my neck .
I then did him one further by telling him that the drive was encrypted with AES 256 bit encryption .
I do n’t know whether or not he was impressed , but I sure proved that I am a true geek .
It was this experience that prompted me to share my instructions on how to securely encrypt any removable drive .
Following the steps outlined in this tutorial will wipe all data from the device / partition that you present to the encryption utility .
You cannot encrypt an existing system using this method and retain the data .
Please ensure that you have backups of your data , or that your data is otherwise expendable .
Step 1 :
The first step in this tutorial is installing the cryptsetup utility .
This tool is part of the cryptsetup package , which is available in the default repositories .
You can search for this using your favorite package management utility or install from the terminal using the command :
sudo aptitude install cryptsetup
Step 2 :
Once you have the required utility installed , we ’ll need to prepare the device for use .
This step will alter the partition table on the device , potentially causing loss of data .
Again , refer to the warning above .
Identify the Device
We need to know the / dev/ entry that the device is assigned in order to successfully partition and encrypt it .
There are two methods outlined below which can aid you in determining the device name .
In many cases the device may be listed as / dev/sdb1 , / dev/sdc1 , etc .
The first method of identifying the device is using the fdisk utility .
Simply listing all available partitions may help you determine the device .
Hint : you can use the size of the device to help determine its device entry if needed .
[ [ email protected ] ~ ] $ sudo fdisk -l
Disk / dev/sda : 80.0 GB , 80026361856 bytes
255 heads , 63 sectors / track , 9729 cylinders
Units = cylinders of 16065 * 512 = 8225280 bytes
Disk identifier : 0x000602ca
Device Boot Start End Blocks
Id System
/ dev/sda1 * 1 13 104422 83 Linux
/dev/sda2 14 46 265072 + 82 Linux swap / Solaris
/ dev/sda3 47 1003 7687102+ 83 Linux
/ dev/sda4 1004 9729 70091595 83 Linux
Disk / dev/sdb : 1021 MB , 1021313024 bytes
10 heads , 45 sectors / track , 4432 cylinders
Units = cylinders of 450 * 512 = 230400 bytes
Disk identifier : 0x00000000
Device Boot Start End Blocks
Id System
/dev/sdb1 1 4432 997177 + 83 Linux
In this example I have determined that my 1G USB drive is detected as / dev/sdb1 .
This will be the device entry that I will use moving forward .
A second method that you can use to determine the device is the dmesg utility .
The dmesg utility outputs kernel - level messages to the console .
One little “ trick ” is to unplug and replug your removable disk , and then run dmesg .
You should see output similar to :
dmesg
...
usb - storage : device found at 7
usb - storage : waiting for device to settle before scanning
scsi 8:0:0:0 : Direct - Access Kingston DataTraveler 2.0 1.00 PQ : 0 ANSI : 2
sd 8:0:0:0 : Attached scsi generic sg1 type 0
usb - storage : device scan complete
sd 8:0:0:0 : [ sdb ] 1994752 512 - byte logical blocks : ( 1.02 GB/974 MiB )
sd 8:0:0:0 : [ sdb ] Write Protect is off
sd 8:0:0:0 : [ sdb ] Mode Sense : 23 00 00 00
sd 8:0:0:0 : [ sdb ]
Assuming drive cache : write through
sd 8:0:0:0 : [ sdb ]
Assuming drive cache : write through
sdb : sdb1
sd 8:0:0:0 : [ sdb ]
Assuming drive cache : write through
sd 8:0:0:0 : [ sdb ]
Attached SCSI removable disk
EXT4 - fs ( dm - 0 ) : mounted filesystem with ordered data mode
Again , we can see from this information that the USB device was detected and assigned at sdb1 .
By Nick Triggle
Health reporter , BBC News
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The doctor who first suggested a link between MMR vaccinations and autism acted unethically , the official medical regulator has found .
Dr Andrew Wakefield 's 1998 Lancet study caused vaccination rates to plummet , resulting in a rise in measles - but the findings were later discredited .
The General Medical Council ruled he had acted " dishonestly and irresponsibly " in doing his research .
Afterwards , Dr Wakefield said the claims were " unfounded and unjust " .
The GMC case did not investigate whether Dr Wakefield 's findings were right or wrong , instead it was focused on the methods of research .
During the two - and - a - half years of hearings - one of the longest in the regulator 's history - he was accused of a series of charges .
' Callous disregard '
The verdict , read out by panel chairman Dr Surendra Kumar , criticised Dr Wakefield for the invasive tests , such as spinal taps , that were carried out on children and which were found to be against their best clinical interests .
THE WAKEFIELD STORY MMR is the combined measles , mumps and rubella vaccine which was introduced in the late 1980s
In 1998 the Lancet published a study , led by Dr Andrew Wakefield , which linked the jab with autism and bowel disease
It has since been discredited and the Lancet has said it should not have run it A newspaper subsequently made allegations about the way the research was carried out The GMC launched an investigation , which then led to a series of charges and the two - and - a - half - year hearing
The story that will not go away
The panel said Dr Wakefield , who was working at London 's Royal Free Hospital as a gastroenterologist at the time , did not have the ethical approval or relevant qualifications for such tests .
The GMC also took exception with the way he gathered blood samples .
Dr Wakefield paid children £ 5 for the samples at his son's birthday party .
Dr Kumar said he had acted with " callous disregard for the distress and pain the children might suffer " .
He also said Dr Wakefield should have disclosed the fact that he had been paid to advise solicitors acting for parents who believed their children had been harmed by the MMR .
Two of Dr Wakefield 's former colleagues at the Royal Free were also ruled to have broken guidelines .
Professor John Walker - Smith and Professor Simon Murch both helped Dr Wakefield carry out the research .
' Kangaroo court '
The panel chairman was heckled by supporters of the doctors during his delivery of the verdicts .
One woman shouted : " These doctors have not failed our children .
You are outrageous . "
Another person in the public gallery said it was a " kangaroo court " .
A small group of supporters also expressed their support for Dr Wakefield and his colleagues outside the GMC's London headquarters .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Joan Campbell , 51 , from Glasgow , who believes the MMR jab caused her son to develop autism , said : " It is atrocious .
They were just trying to protect children . "
After the hearing , Dr Wakefield , who now lives and works in the US , said : " I am extremely disappointed by the outcome .
" The allegations against me and my colleagues are unfounded and unjust and I invite anyone to examine the contents of these proceedings and come to their own conclusions . "
Referring to the parents who had supported him , he added : " I want to reassure them that the science will continue in earnest . "
The GMC now has to consider whether Dr Wakefield 's behaviour , and that of his colleagues , amounts to serious professional misconduct and then if any sanctions should be imposed , such as striking them off the medical register .
However , a ruling is not expected for some months .
Medical experts said it was now important to move on from the controversy and remember that plenty of research had supported the use of the three - in - one jab .
Dr Shona Hilton , of the Medical Research Council , said : " We need to continue rebuilding trust with parents that MMR vaccination is safe . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Kirsten Luce for The New York Times SWITCHED Children playing before lunch at Sharon Elementary School in Robbinsville , N.J. “ Kids are calmer after they ’ve had recess first , ” the school ’s principal said .
Kirsten Luce for The New York Times
Can something as simple as the timing of recess make a difference in a child ’s health and behavior ?
Some experts think it can , and now some schools are rescheduling recess — sending students out to play before they sit down for lunch .
The switch appears to have led to some surprising changes in both cafeteria and classroom .
Schools that have tried it report that when children play before lunch , there is less food waste and higher consumption of milk , fruit and vegetables .
And some teachers say there are fewer behavior problems .
“ Kids are calmer after they ’ve had recess first , ” said Janet Sinkewicz , principal of Sharon Elementary School in Robbinsville , N.J. , which made the change last fall .
“ They feel like they have more time to eat and they do n’t have to rush . ”
One recent weekday at Sharon , I watched as gaggles of second graders chased one another around the playground and climbed on monkey bars .
When the whistle blew , the bustling playground emptied almost instantly , and the children lined up to drop off their coats and mittens and file quietly into the cafeteria for lunch .
“ All the wiggles are out , ” Ms. Sinkewicz said .
One of the earliest schools to adopt the idea was North Ranch Elementary in Scottsdale , Ariz .
About nine years ago , the school nurse suggested the change , and the school conducted a pilot study , tracking food waste and visits to the nurse along with anecdotal reports on student behavior .
By the end of the year , nurse visits had dropped 40 percent , with fewer headaches and stomachaches .
One child told school workers that he was happy he did n’t throw up anymore at recess .
Other children had been rushing through lunch to get to the playground sooner , leaving much uneaten .
After the switch , food waste declined and children were less likely to become hungry or feel sick later in the day .
And to the surprise of school officials , moving recess before lunch ended up adding about 15 minutes of classroom instruction .
In the Arizona heat , “ kids needed a cool - down period before they could start academic work , ” said the principal , Sarah Hartley .
“ We saved 15 minutes every day , ” Dr. Hartley continued , “ because kids could play , then go into the cafeteria and eat and cool down , and come back to the classroom and start academic work immediately . ”
Since that pilot program , 18 of the district ’s 31 schools have adopted “ recess before lunch . ”
The switch did pose some challenges .
Because children were coming straight from the playground , the school had to install hand sanitizers in the lunchroom .
And until the lunch system was computerized , the school had to distribute children ’s lunch cards as they returned from recess .
In Montana , state school officials were looking for ways to improve children ’s eating habits and physical activity , and conducted a four - school pilot study of “ recess before lunch ” in 2002 .
According to a report from the Montana Team Nutrition program , children who played before lunch wasted less food , drank more milk and asked for more water .
And as in Arizona , students were calmer when they returned to classrooms , resulting in about 10 minutes of extra teaching time .
One challenge of the program was teaching children to eat slower .
In the past , children often finished lunch in five minutes so they could get to recess .
With the scheduling change , cafeteria workers had to encourage them to slow down , chew their food and use all the available time to finish their lunch .
Today , about one - third of Montana schools have adopted “ recess before lunch , ” and state officials say more schools are being encouraged .
“ The pilot projects that are going on have been demonstrating that students are wasting less food , they have a more relaxed eating environment and improved behavior because they ’re not rushing to get outside , ” said Denise Juneau , superintendent of the Office of Public Instruction .
“ It ’s something our office will promote to schools across the state as a best practice . ”
Children ’s health experts note that such a switch might not work in many urban school districts , where lower - income children may start the day hungry .
“ It ’s a great idea , but first we ’ve got to give them a decent breakfast , ” said Dr. David Ludwig , director of the obesity program at Children ’s Hospital Boston .
“ A lot of kids skip breakfast and arrive at lunch ravenous . ”
And for a seemingly simple scheduling change , it can create some daunting logistical problems .
Children often have to return to hallways and classrooms after recess for bathroom breaks and hand washing and to pick up lunch bags .
The North Ranch Elementary School regularly fields calls from schools in colder climates with questions on how to deal with coats , hats , galoshes and mittens .
“ In Arizona , we do n’t have to deal with that , ” said Dr. Hartley , the principal .
Many school districts say such problems make them reluctant to switch .
A 2006 study in The Journal of Childhood Nutrition & Management reported that fewer than 5 percent of the nation ’s elementary schools were scheduling recess before lunch .
But at the Sharon Elementary School , the principal , Ms. Sinkewicz , says the challenges have been worth it .
In the past , children took coats , hats and mittens with them to the lunchroom , then headed outside .
Now they have time to return coats to lockers so they do n’t have to carry them to the lunchroom .
“ For some reason , kids are n’t losing things outside , ” Ms. Sinkewicz said .
“ The lost - and - found mound has gone down . ”
Kudos to Hillary Clinton , who on Thursday launched a U.S. State Department campaign to preserve and expand Internet freedom around the world — and hit out at regimes that continue to tighten Web censorship .
Her note that Beijing should " conduct a thorough investigation of the cyber intrusions " does invite the fox to take the keys to the henhouse .
But overall , the new Clinton Doctrine is welcome .
Her department 's work to fund technology development that would help activists thwart their censors , and to fight off attempts in the U.N. to restrict access to information on the Internet , could deliver an important blow against autocrats beyond the Middle Kingdom .
( CNN ) --
A conservative activist who made undercover videos of the liberal community - organizing group ACORN was one of four men charged Tuesday with attempting to illegally access and manipulate the phone system in a district office of U.S. Sen.
Mary Landrieu of Louisiana .
Joseph Basel , 24 ; Robert Flanagan , 24 ; James O'Keefe , 25 ; and Stan Dai , 24 , were charged with entering Landrieu 's New Orleans office under " false pretenses for the purpose of committing a felony , " according to a news release from the local U.S. attorney 's office .
The office is federal property .
The four posted a $ 10,000 unsecured bond and were released , said Kathy English of the Department of Justice .
According to CNN affiliate WWL , the next court date in the case is set for February 12 .
O'Keefe is the same activist who dressed up as a pimp last summer and visited ACORN offices to solicit advice on setting up a brothel , among other scenarios , law enforcement officials confirmed .
He secretly recorded the visits on videotapes that were posted on the Internet , leading to a media firestorm .
Flanagan is the son of William Flanagan , the acting U.S. attorney for the Western District of Louisiana , his office said .
Articles on conservative Web sites connect O'Keefe to a man named Joe Basel , describing them as conservative student activists and filmmakers .
" This is a very unusual situation and somewhat unsettling for me and my staff , " Landrieu said in a statement Tuesday night .
" The individuals responsible have been charged with entering federal property under false pretenses for the purposes of committing a felony .
I am as interested as everyone else about their motives and purpose , which I hope will become clear as the investigation moves forward . "
Louisiana Democratic Party Chair Michael McHale , in a separate statement , called the case a " Louisiana Watergate . "
" Louisiana families are shocked and outraged that these men would break the law to carry out their political agenda with this Watergate - like break - in and attempted wiretapping , " McHale said in the statement , which also claimed Louisiana Republican Sen .
David Vitter has " ties to some of the players involved " and called on Vitter to " immediately denounce " the suspects and anyone else involved .
According to the news release Tuesday and an affidavit by FBI Special Agent Steven Rayes , who is based in New Orleans , Basel and Flanagan attempted to gain access to Landrieu 's office Monday while posing as telephone repairmen .
The two men were " each dressed in blue denim pants , a blue work shirt , a light green fluorescent vest , a tool belt and a construction - style hard hat when they entered the Hale Boggs Federal Building , " the release noted .
Read the affidavit ( PDF )
After they entered the building , the two men told a staffer in Landrieu 's office they were telephone repairmen , according to the release and Rayes ' affidavit .
They asked for -- and were granted -- access to the reception desk 's phone system .
O'Keefe , who had been waiting in the office before the pair arrived , recorded their actions with a cell phone , said the affidavit by Rayes .
Flanagan and Basel later requested access to a telephone closet , claiming they needed to perform work on the main phone system , the release and affidavit stated .
According to Rayes ' affidavit , the two men went to a U.S. General Services Administration office on another floor and requested access to the main phone system .
A GSA employee then asked for their credentials , and the two men said they left them in their vehicle , the affidavit said .
All four men have admitted their roles in the operation to federal agents , Rayes ' affidavit said .
If convicted , the four men would each face a possible maximum penalty of a $ 250,000 fine and 10 years in prison , according to the news release .
Edward Castaing , an attorney who represented O'Keefe , Basel and Dai at Tuesday 's hearing , refused to tell reporters how he got involved , WWL reported .
Videotape of an interview with Castaing showed him respond " I have no idea at this point " when asked who was paying for his services .
Castaing also said he gave them $ 60 to catch a taxi to retrieve their belongings after their release .
O'Keefe and a female associate were named in a lawsuit filed January 21 by an ACORN worker in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , who accused them of illegally videotaping an interview with her last July and distributing it on the Internet .
That video and others by O'Keefe and his associate led to the dismissal of four ACORN employees who appeared to offer advice to the couple and to federal legislation barring the group from receiving federal funds .
But a review by former Massachusetts Attorney General Scott Harshbarger , who was hired by ACORN to examine the issue , found no wrongdoing by ACORN employees .
" While some of the advice and counsel given by ACORN employees and volunteers was clearly inappropriate and unprofessional , we did not find a pattern of intentional , illegal conduct by ACORN staff , " Harshbarger 's report concluded .
" In fact , there is no evidence that action , illegal or otherwise , was taken by any ACORN employee on behalf of the videographers . "
ACORN , the Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now , was founded in 1970 to help the poor find government benefits and housing , but it became the focus of conservative complaints as a result of its voter registration drives .
Articles posted January 14 on CampusReform.org and Political Vanguard , both conservative Web sites , quoted O'Keefe and a man identified as Joe Basel as conservative student activists and independent filmmakers .
" Do n't just respond to news , but actually create your own headlines , " O'Keefe is quoted as saying by CampusReform.org .
CNN Justice Producer Terry Frieden contributed to this report .
A New Jersey company says it has developed " the world 's first sex robot , " a life - size rubber doll that 's designed to engage the owner with conversation rather than lifelike movement .
At a demonstration at the Adult Entertainment Expo in Las Vegas , the dark - haired , negligee - clad robot said " I love holding hands with you " when it sensed that its creator touched its hand .
Another action , this one unprintable , elicited a different vocal response from Roxxxy the robot .
The level of sophistication demonstrated was not beyond that of a child 's talking toy , but Roxxxy has a lot more brains than that - there 's a laptop connected to cables coming out of its back .
It has touch sensors at strategic locations and can sense when it 's being moved .
But it can't move on its own , not even to turn its head or move its lips .
The sound comes out of an internal loudspeaker .
Douglas Hines , founder of Lincoln Park , New Jersey - based True Companion , said Roxxxy can carry on simple conversations .
The real aim , he said , is to make the doll someone the owner can talk to and relate to .
" Sex only goes so far - then you want to be able to talk to the person , " Hines said .
The phrases that were demonstrated were pre-recorded , but the robot will also be able to synthesize phrases out of pre-recorded words and sounds , Hines said .
The laptop will receive updates over the internet to expand the robot 's capabilities and vocabulary .
Since Hines is a soccer fan , it can already discuss Manchester United , he said .
It snores , too .
Owners will also be able to select different personalities for Roxxxy , from " Wild Wendy " to " Frigid Farrah , " Hines said .
He 's charging somewhere from $ 7,000 to $ 9,000 for the robot , including the laptop , and expects to start shipping in a few months .
A Japanese company , Honey Dolls , makes life - size sex dolls that can play recorded sounds , but Roxxxy 's sensors and speech capabilities appear to be more sophisticated .
Hines ' goals are certainly more far - reaching .
An engineer , Hines said he was inspired to create the robot after a friend died in the September 11 , 2001 , terror attacks .
That got him thinking about preserving his friend 's personality , to give his children a chance to interact with him as they 're growing up .
Looking around for commercial applications for artificial personalities , he initially thought he might create a home health care aide for the elderly .
" But there was tremendous regulatory and bureaucratic paperwork to get through .
We were stuck , " Hines said .
" So I looked at other markets . "
The broader goal of the company is still to take artificial personalities into the mainstream , beyond sex toys , Hines said .
" The sex robot thing is marketing - it 's really about making a companion , " he said .
Last Friday
The Pirate Bay moved to Ukraine after its Swedish bandwidth supplier was forced to stop servicing the tracker .
In the new setup , traffic to TPB is routed through The Netherlands , but anti-piracy outfit BREIN has now asked ISP NForce to stop handling TPB 's traffic .
As a result the site is now down for most people .
Since The Pirate Bay found a new home in Ukraine last week , traffic to the site has been routed through Netherlands - based ISP NForce , which uses the services of Dutch carrier Leaseweb .
In a response to this new setup , Dutch anti-piracy outfit BREIN asked Leaseweb to stop passing on traffic to the world ’s largest BitTorrent tracker .
Although Leaseweb does n’t allow torrent sites to be hosted on its network , they also said that they are not responsible for traffic they pass on to other parts of the Internet , and as such have no plans to disconnect The Pirate Bay .
“ The Pirate Bay is hosted on a different autonomous system ( AS ) .
LeaseWeb is not the host , and our client [ NForce ] is not hosting The Pirate Bay either .
We are only the IP Transit supplier , or carrier of Internet traffic for a company that uses our carrier services , ” Alex de Joode , Security Officer of Leaseweb told ISPam .
BREIN of course disagreed with Leaseweb ’s position and demanded that Leaseweb ’s client NForce stopped routing traffic to The Pirate Bay .
And they succeeded .
A few hours ago NForce disconnected The Pirate Bay and at the time of writing the site is inaccessible in most parts of the world , if not all .
“ We summoned NForce to stop the routing and they complied , ” BREIN director Tim Kuik said in a response .
This case is a rather unique one that sets a disturbing precedent .
In fact , it ’s the first time that an ISP that merely routes traffic has decided to disable access to a BitTorrent site .
In theory this could make it very easy for BREIN to shut down hundreds of other BitTorrent sites that are routed through Dutch networks , if they can strike enough fear into carriers .
There is no doubt that The Pirate Bay will resurface soon with a slightly altered setup , but if anti-piracy outfits such as BREIN start to go after data carriers it will become increasingly difficult to find alternatives .
Update : The Pirate Bay crew told TorrentFreak that the site will be back online with 4 new transits tomorrow .
The current downtime is not ( only ) related to the routing issue , but rather with the new hosting company .
Everything should be back to normal soon .
The raw interview with Luc Montagnier - revealed !
The transcript between Brent Leung and Dr. Luc Montagnier
Analysis of the conversation
What the drug companies do n't want you to know about AIDS
More un -cut footage coming your way
Why you can't argue with members of the " AIDS vaccine cult "
( Natural News )
When Brent Leung started showcasing his groundbreaking new documentary film about AIDS , " House of Numbers " ( www.HouseOfNumbers.com ) , he had no way to comprehend the wave of defamatory attacks that would be unleashed against him .
Promoters of conventional AIDS theories ( with all their vaccines and pharmaceuticals ) have gone on a rampage against Leung , calling him an " AIDS denialist " -- with an obvious invocation of the similar - sounding " Holocaust denialist " phrase .
The implication , of course , is that if you deny any part of conventional AIDS theories , you 're as bad as a Nazi war criminal .
It 's a curious comparison , especially given that the origins of the modern pharmaceutical industry are found precisely in the Nazi regime where pharmaceutical scientists routinely conducted medical experiments on Jewish prisoners .
As a fascinating matter of historical fact , the Chairman of Bayer in the 1950's ( yes , the same Bayer that makes Bayer Aspirin ) was Dr. Fritz ter Meer , a convicted war criminal , who after committing crimes against humanity was sentenced to seven years in prison at the Nuremberg war trials .
The pharmaceutical industry operating today is largely a cabal of unindicted criminals who are guilty of crimes against humanity , and one of their favorite methods of multiplying their profits is to push a disease , then sell a vaccine they claim " treats " the disease .
It 's the same old scam , whether we 're talking about cervical cancer , swine flu or even AIDS .
Getting back to Brent Leung and his film , when the AIDS - pharma promoters saw his film , they knew they had toand try to discredit him as quickly as possible .
So they claimed Leung quoted the scientists in the film , thereby distorting what they were saying .
In particular , Leung was attacked for his interview with Dr. Luc Montagnier , the Nobel Prize - winning co-discoverer of the AIDS virus , who explained to Leung during the interview that AIDS can be overcome ( cured ) with nutrition , and that the vaccine approach is entirely overblown .
Such an idea , of course , spells financial doom for drug companies and their cohorts , all of whom profit from the oft - repeated myth that " AIDS has no cure " and that only drugs can treat AIDS .
So the critics went after Leung for daring to include Montagnier 's words in his documentary .
One critic in particular , Jeanne Bergman from an " AIDS truth " website , claimed that Leung " sucker punched " Montagnier .
She also claimed Leung quoted Montagnier out of context and blamed him for asking " leading questions " by saying , " Montagnier does not spontaneously say in the film that a healthy diet will clear the virus .
Leung asked leading questions and then presented a fragment of conversation out of context .
" As you 'll soon see , Jeanne Bergman has no clue what she 's talking about .
But that 's actually par for the course when it comes to the AIDS industry .
To help provide clarity to this issue , NaturalNews spoke withfilmmaker Brent Leung who agreed to provide us with exclusive , of the conversation with Luc Montagnier , complete with subtitles .
You can now view this exclusive , revealing footage on YouTube at : NaturalNews transcribed this un-cut conversation and below , we 've reprinted the words exchanged between Brent Leung and Dr. Luc Montagnier .
Here , you 'll see that , in fact , Brent Leung did not quote Montagnier out of context , and that Montagnier makes his position crystal clear on points such as how nutrition may help reverse an AIDS infection .
What this transcript ( and video ) proves is that Leung 's critics are , in fact , deeply misinformed in their accusations of Leung , and are guilty of printing false and defamatory information that accuses Leung of distorting the interviews used in his film .
Read this transcript to see for yourself : Leung [ the filmmaker ] :
You talked about oxidative stress earlier .
Is treating oxidative stress one of the best ways to deal with the African AIDS epidemic ?
Montagnier [ the scientist ] : I think this is one way to approach , to decrease the rate of transmission , because I believe HIV we can be exposed to HIV many times without bring chronically infected , our immune system will get rid of the virus within a few weeks , if you have a good immune system ; and this is the problem also of the African people .
Their nutrition is not very equilibrated , they are in oxidative stress , even if they are not infected with HIV ; so their immune system does n't work well already .
So it 's prone , it can , you know , allow HIV to get in and persist .
So there are many ways which are not the vaccine , the magic name , the vaccine , many ways to decrease the transmission just by simple measures of nutrition , giving antioxidants -- proper antioxidants -- hygiene measures , fighting the other infections .
So they are not spectacular , but they could , you know , decrease very well the epidemic , to the level they are in occidental countries , western countries .
Leung :
So if you have a good immune system , then your body can naturally get rid of HIV ?
Montagnier : Yes .
Leung : Oh , interesting .
Do you think we should have more of a push for antioxidants , and things of that nature , in Africa than antiretrovirals ( AIDS drugs ) ?
Montagnier :
We should push for more , you know , a combination of measures ; antioxidants , nutrition advice , nutritions , fighting other infections -- malaria , tuberculosis , parasitosis , worms -- education of course , genital hygiene for women and men also , very simple measures which [ are ] not very expensive , but which could do a lot .
And this is my , actually my worry about the many spectacular action for the global funds to buy drugs and so on , and Bill Gates and so on , for the vaccine .
But you know those kind of measures are not very well funded , they 're not funded at all , or they are , you know , it really depends on the local government to take choice of this , but local governments they take advice of the scientific advisors from the intelligent institutions , and they do n't get this kind of advice very often .
Leung :
Well there 's no money in nutrition , right ?
There 's no profit .
Montagnier :
There 's no profit , yes .
Water is important .
Water is key .
Leung :
Now one thing you said , you were talking about the fact that if you have a built immune system , it is possible to get rid of HIV naturally .
If you take a poor African who 's been infected and you build up their immune system , is it possible for them to also naturally get rid of it ?
Montagnier : [ Nodding yes ]
I would think so .
Leung :
That 's an important point .
Montagnier :
It 's important knowledge which is completely neglected .
People always think of drugs and vaccine .
So this is a message which may be different from what you heard before , no ?
Leung :
The closing ?
Montagnier : No , no , yes , my message , it 's different from what you heard from ( Anthony ) Fauci or ... Leung :
Yes , it 's a little different .
Montagnier : Little different .
As you can see from this transcript ( and from watching the video ) , Leung asks no loaded questions and engages in no trickery whatsoever .
If anything , Leung is quite reserved in his questioning , preferring to allow Montagnier to do most of the talking .
In particular , Leung does not interrupt Montagnier , nor does he attempt to verbally entrap him in any way .
For his part , Dr. Montagnier does n't mince words .
He 's very clear on the points he 's making , saying them several times in different ways .
His points are , essentially ( paraphrased ) : •
You can be exposed to AIDS without getting infected . •
A strong immune system can protect you against AIDS . •
With the help of good nutrition , you can fight off AIDS . •
The importance of AIDS vaccines is exaggerated .• AIDS can be approached with low - cost , highly - effective alternatives to vaccines . •
What the African people really need is better nutrition to protect themselves from AIDS . •
The facts about nutrition and AIDS are being neglected ( by the medical establishment ) .
He 's not wishy - washy about these things .
He speaks with clear intent and does not waver on these points .
At the end of the interview , before the cameras are turned off , he even acknowledges to Leung that what he just said was essentially a " bombshell " of information that stands at odds with conventional AIDS scientists such as Fauci .
Now , if you go back to themovie and watch the clips of Leung 's conversation with Montagnier , you 'll find that the quotes used in the film are right in line with what Montagnier is saying in his un-cut conversation .
There is absolutely no distortion , no out - of - context quoting going on here .
If anything , Leung has acted in a very professional way in choosing quotes for the final film that accurately reflect the essence of what Montagnier is communicating .
And for that , Leung gets blasted by critics and accused of misrepresenting what these scientists are saying .
That 's because the conventional AIDS - pharma proponents can't stand up to real - world scrutiny .
Their AIDS mythologies are based on lies and disinformation , so instead of engaging in intelligent debate based on the available evidence , they simply attack any person who questions the tenants of their AIDS - pharma cult .
The drug companies do n't want you to know the truth about AIDS ... or cancer , or diabetes or heart disease .
There 's a simple truth that , if widely acknowledged , would absolutely devastate the pharmaceutical industry with all its heavily - promoted vaccines and patented chemicals .
What simple truth is that ?.
Cancer has a cure .
Diabetes can be cured .
Heart disease can be cured .
The list goes on and on ... When the co-discoverer of the AIDS virus says , on camera , that essentially AIDS can be cured with nutrition , he is speaking athat the drug companies ( and their minions ) cannot tolerate .
If people knew that AIDS could be halted -- or even reversed -- with nutrients such as antioxidants , they might not put so much faith in the billions of dollars worth of vaccines being pushed all around the world by not only Big Pharma , but even Bill and Melinda Gates , too ( who have funneled hundreds of millions of dollars into the pockets of the drug companies to inject more children with vaccines ) .
This is why Brent Leung 's film www.HouseOfNumbers.com ) is simultaneously so courageous and so relevant to modern health care .
It 's the first film to stand up and declare , " The AIDS Emperor wears no clothes ! "
This film , in fact , presents stunning evidence that , in many ways , exposes Big Pharma 's AIDS vaccine scam .
No wonder Leung is being so viciously attacked by the AIDS industry .
Hundreds of thousands of jobs in the sick - care industry depend on more people being diagnosed with AIDS and treated with monopoly - priced drugs !
The AIDS industry 's attacks against Brent Leung are n't over yet .
Under pressure from proponents of the conventional AIDS industry , two more scientists interviewed for the film have now claimed their words were also taken out of context .
Through an exclusive arrangement with Brent Leung , , proving beyond any question that their words were in no way distorted by Leung .
Watch for those exclusive clips in the days ahead ...
Meanwhile , I thought about calling some of the accusers over at the " AIDS truth " website , but they have a statement on their website that already says everything you need to know :
Got all that ?
In other words , Fascinating bit of , is n't it ?
This is precisely how the entire conventional AIDS industry works , by the way :
You 're either " on board " with their current AIDS vaccine mythology , or you 're ostracized and shunned by the whole crowd .
With such a polarizing philosophy in place , it 's obviously impossible to talk to these people on any intelligent level .
No facts , no evidence , no science will even be considered by them unless it " pre-agrees " with their foredrawn conclusions .
This is why -- and it never will .
The " search for a cure for AIDS " is about as hopeless ( and fraudulent ) as the search for a cure for cancer ..
It would put too many people out of a job and cost billions in lost profits .
To keep the profits flowing , the AIDS industry has to keep the propaganda pumping , too , and that requires attacking anyone who dares to stand up and speak the truth about AIDS , HIV and vaccines .
The situation is actually worse than that : Leung merely stood up andabout AIDS and HIV .
He did n't shove his own conclusions down our throats .
He did n't create a distorted , one - sided documentary .
In fact , Leung goes out of his way to present views from scientists who disagree on many points .
If anything , Leung has gone to great lengths to keep his own opinion out of the film .
It is a sad day in our modern world when a young filmmakeris vilified by a multi-billion - dollar industry that depends on sickness and disease to stay in business .
Rather than being attacked , .
We need more people like Leung in the world , asking more questions about more diseases ( and the fraudulent industries behind them ) .
Of course , I know all too well what it 's like to be in Leung 's shoes .
As someone who has spent the last several years asking similar questions in print , I know that in our modern world , .
There is little tolerance in our profit - driven system of corporate greed for people who ask legitimate journalistic questions .
The very act of asking questions is , in and of itself , now considered practically traitorous .
The mainstream media is n't asking the tough questions anymore ... it has already surrendered its soul to Big Business .
There 's no room for independent thinkers in our global corporate propaganda machine , and those who attempt to ask reasonable questions will always be condemned for stepping out of line and daring to challenge the status quo .
Watch trailers and clips forhere :
The film is n't yet released to the public , but we expect to see a distribution deal in the works soon , and Natural News will alert you of when and where you can see the entire film once it 's available .
2010-01-28
A couple of days ago I published a set of explosion - in - a - crayola - factory colourful sorting algorithm visualisations , using a colour sequence generated with the Hilbert curve .
The idea was that using a space - filling curve to traverse the RGB colour cube we could get a large number of distinct but visually ordered colours .
I contrasted this with a more common method , which is to vary the intensity of a monotone to generate a gradient of colours .
A couple of people suggested that I provide a set of grayscale images for comparison .
I was curious about this too , so I hacked a grayscale generator into sortvis .
The results were striking , but not interesting enough to reproduce here in full .
Subjectively , I think the coloured images do allow you to follow more of the detail in these dense visualisations , but I 'm not wedded to the idea .
Being able to visually judge the order of elements in a sorting algorithm visualisation is important , and that is something we sacrifice in the Hilbert RGB traversal .
I still like my earlier sparse grayscale visualisations best .
If you 're curious , you can check out sortvis and generate the full set of grayscale graphs with the following command :
./dense -g -n 512
I did think the grayscale version of Python 's Timsort was worth sharing .
It 's pretty spectacular due to a purely coincidental 3d effect - not much good for explaining Timsort , but I 'd hang it on my wall , for sure .
( CNN ) -- Noted author and social activist Howard Zinn died of a heart attack Wednesday while traveling , his daughter , Myla Kabat - Zinn , said .
Zinn , author of " A People 's History of the United States , " was 87 .
Kabat - Zinn said her father , who lived in Auburndale , Massachusetts , " died while traveling in Santa Monica , California .
" A People 's History of the United States , " first published in 1980 , tells a history not often in seen in other books -- from the perspective of those not in a seat of power .
The book was the inspiration for a 2009 documentary , narrated by Zinn , called " The People Speak . "
The film highlighted people who spoke up for social change , according to the Web site of the History Channel , which aired the program .
Zinn was a shipyard worker and Air Force bombardier before he went to college under the GI Bill and received a Ph.D. from Columbia University , according to his Web site .
He taught at numerous universities , including Spelman College in Atlanta , Georgia , and Boston University in Boston , Massachusetts .
Kabat - Zinn said of her father that he lived a " very full and exciting life " and that there were many social issues that were very important to him .
Above all , she said , her father believed that there is no " just war . "
Zinn 's death on the day of President Obama 's first State of the Union address was underscored by his contribution to a recently released special from The Nation magazine called " Obama at One . "
" I 've been searching hard for a highlight , " he wrote .
" The only thing that comes close is some of Obama 's rhetoric ; I do n't see any kind of a highlight in his actions and policies . "
Zinn said he was not " terribly disappointed because I did n't expect that much , " noting that he has been " a traditional Democratic president " on foreign policy -- " hardly any different from a Republican " -- and has been cautious in domestic policy .
" On health care , for example , he starts out with a compromise , and when you start out with a compromise , you end with a compromise of a compromise , which is where we are now , " Zinn said .
Zinn also cautioned " that Obama is going to be a mediocre president -- which means , in our time , a dangerous president -- unless there is some national movement to push him in a better direction . "
Die chinesische Knoblauchblase Jens Berger
Nicht Gold oder Aktien , sondern Knoblauch war im letzten Jahr die renditeträchtigste Anlage im Reich der Mitte - die Schweinegrippe macht 's möglich
Shao Mingqing ist ein chinesischer Held .
Der 22 jährige aus der Provinz Shandong hatte im September den richtigen Riecher .
Er lieh sich Geld und kaufte davon auf dem Großmarkt 100 Tonnen Knoblauch .
Einen Monat später verkaufte er die edlen Knollen zu mehr als dem doppelten Preis .
Vom Gewinn seiner Knoblauch - Spekulation erfüllte sich der arbeitslose Shao nun einen Traum – einen neuen Toyota .
Doch im Vergleich zu den Großen im Geschäft ist Shao nur ein kleiner Fisch .
Spekulanten aus der Immobilienbranche karren täglich mit dem LKW ganze Ernten an Knoblauch von einem Lagerhaus in das nächste .
Das Angebot ist knapp , die Nachfrage riesig .
Der Durchschnittspreis für Knoblauch hat sich in China binnen eines Jahres verfünfzigfacht – von 0,15 Yuan ( rund 1,5 Cent ) auf 8 Yuan ( rund 80 Cent ) pro Kilogramm .
In Hangzhou ist Knoblauch mit 14 Yuan ( rund 1,40 Euro ) pro Kilo bereits teurer als Schweinefleisch , das in China immer noch als Luxusspeise gilt .
Einige Spekulanten hat der Knoblauch im wahrsten Sinne des Wortes stinkreich gemacht .
Auf China entfallen rund 80 % der weltweiten Knoblauchernte und rund 90 % des Welthandels .
Knoblauch gilt in China allerdings nicht nur als schmackhaftes Lebensmittel , sondern er wird in der traditionellen chinesischen Medizin auch als Prophylaxe gegen Erkältungen und Grippe eingesetzt .
Da auch in China nicht nur die Schweinegrippe , sondern vor allem die Schweinegrippe - Hysterie grassiert , ist die Nachfrage nach Knoblauch gewaltig .
Ganze Schulen bestellen säckeweise Knoblauch , um ihre Schüler auf diese Art und Weise vor dem Virus zu schützen .
Mehrfache Presseerklärungen von offizieller Seite , in denen die prophylaktische Wirkung von Knoblauch bestritten und das Volk stattdessen zur Impfung aufgerufen wird , verhallten meist ungehört .
Die Segnungen der modernen Medizin werden vielerorts immer noch kritisch beäugt , schließlich ist man mit Maos " Barfußärzten " und ihrer Mischung aus Naturheilkunde und tradiertem Aberglauben aufgewachsen .
Knoblauch gilt jedoch nicht nur in China als Wundermittel gegen die Schweinegrippe .
Länder wie Südkorea und Japan , die noch im letzten Jahr durch hohe Handelshürden chinesische Knoblauchimporte verhindert haben , können die erhöhte Nachfrage nicht mehr decken und importieren in diesem Jahr große Mengen aus China .
Aber auch in Europa " bekämpft " man die Schweinegrippe mit Knoblauch .
Das moldawische Verteidigungsministerium lässt an seine Soldaten Extrarationen Knoblauch und Zwiebeln als Schweinegrippe - Prophylaxe austeilen und auch in der Ukraine und in Serbien ist die Knolle als Heilmittel sehr beliebt .
In Belgrad ist sie sogar so beliebt , dass auch dort die Marktpreise bereits kräftig anzogen .
Chaotische Märkte
Doch die Schweinegrippe ist nur ein Faktor von vielen , wenn es darum geht , den wundersamen Preisanstieg für Knoblauch zu erklären .
Chinas Landwirtschaft und die Preismechanismen im Binnenmarkt sind immer noch " chaotisch " , wie es ein Kommentator in der parteieigenen Zeitung China Daily ausdrückte .
Überreaktionen der Märkte führten dazu , dass ein Großteil der landwirtschaftlichen Betriebe prozyklisch produziert .
Fällt der Preis in einem Jahr , bauen die Betriebe andere Güter an und im nächsten Jahr explodieren die Preise , da die Nachfrage nicht bedient werden kann .
So auch beim Knoblauch – im letzten Jahr fiel der Preis für die Knolle durch die Weltwirtschaftskrise ins Bodenlose .
Dies führte dazu , dass in diesem Jahr erheblich weniger Knoblauch angebaut wurde .
Laut den Experten von Dasuan.cn hat sich die Anbaufläche innerhalb eines Jahres von 674.000 Hektar auf 371.000 Hektar beinahe halbiert .
Bubble Economy und Spekulanten
Die chinesischen Binnenmärkte sind stets sehr volatil und neigen zur Blasenbildung – ein Dorado für Spekulanten .
Ein weiterer Faktor für das Entstehen der Knoblauch - Blase ist die lockere Geldpolitik Pekings .
Zwar werden die milliardenschweren Konjunkturspritzen vorrangig in Infrastrukturprojekte investiert , aber auf lokaler Ebene verschwinden diese Gelder häufig in schwer durchschaubaren Kreisläufen .
Vor allem Immobilienspekulanten , die sich aus der chinesischen Immobilienblase verabschieden , haben nun die Agrarmärkte als neue Spielwiese entdeckt .
Nachdem sich der Preis für Knoblauch im Frühjahr erholt hatte , machten erste Gerüchte vom schnellen Geld mit der Knolle die Runde und zogen Glücksritter aus allen Landesteilen in die Knoblauch - Region Shandong .
Die Spekulanten kauften ganze Ernten , horteten sie in den rund 1.400 Kühlhäusern der Region und trieben so den Preis in die Höhe .
Bereits vor dem Einsetzen der Schweinegrippe - Hysterie hatte sich dadurch der Marktpreis für Knoblauch bereits verzehnfacht .
Dann kam H1N1 und die Preisrally nahm erst richtig Fahrt auf .
Die Sorgen der Regierung
Die staatliche Presse macht in altbekannter Manier spekulierende " Kohlegrubenbesitzer " für die Knoblauchblase verantwortlich .
Kohlegrubenbesitzer , die meisten von ihnen wurden vom Staat bereits enteignet , sind ein chinesisches Pendant für unsere Investmentbanker – sie gelten nicht nur als gierig und rücksichtslos , sie lassen sich auch ganz hervorragend als Buhmann für alles möglich instrumentalisieren .
Hinter den Kulissen hat sich bei den verantwortlichen Regierungsstellen unterdessen Ratlosigkeit breit gemacht .
In mehreren Großstädten haben die lokalen Behörden eine Untersuchung wegen Marktmanipulation eingeleitet , doch es ist fraglich , ob diese Untersuchungen etwas ergeben werden , da die Spekulanten sich in einer gesetzlichen Grauzone bewegen .
Letztendlich wird die Regierung nun die Geister nicht mehr los , die sie selbst rief , als sie die Agrarmärkte liberalisierte .
Aus Sorge vor Marktverwerfungen denkt Peking nun an die Einführung von Finanzinstrumenten , die die wilden Agrarmärkte zähmen sollen .
Ob Futures die Märkte wirklich zähmen oder der Spekulation erst richtig Tür und Tor öffnen , hängt allerdings von deren Regulierung ab .
Nicht auszudenken , wie groß die Knoblauch - Blase bereits wäre , wenn man an den Warenterminbörsen Knoblauch - Futures handeln könnte .
Die chinesische Knoblauchblase trifft die Freunde der aromatischen Knolle weltweit .
Sogar im fernen Israel sind die Verbraucherpreise bereits um 30 % gestiegen .
Was für reiche Industrieländer nur eine amüsante Randnotiz ist , führt in ärmeren Ländern jedoch zu echten Sorgen und Nöten .
So ist im Kielwasser der chinesischen Spekulationen auch der Knoblauchpreis in Indien , Pakistan , Sri Lanka und Nepal bereits massiv gestiegen – in Pakistan binnen eines Monats um fast 200 % .
Warten auf die Ingwer - und die Chiliblase
Neben dem Knoblauch gelten auch Ingwer und Chili in der chinesischen Medizin als Prophylaxe - und Heilmittel gegen die Grippe .
Ebenso wie beim Knoblauchanbau , wurden infolge der Weltwirtschaftskrise und des Preisverfalls auch die Anbauflächen von Ingwer und Chili stark zurückgefahren .
Der Großhandelspreis für Ingwer ist in China seit Jahresbeginn um 85 % gestiegen , der Preis für die scharfen Schoten hat sich gar verdreifacht .
Marktbeobachter gehen mittlerweile davon aus , dass die findigen Spekulanten , die den Knoblauchpreis in die Höhe getrieben haben , nun ihre Bestände verkauft haben und ihre Kühlhäuser mit Unmengen an Ingwer und Chili füllen , die sie dann später zu Rekordpreisen auf den Markt werfen .
Stellenweise erinnert die chinesische Knoblauchblase an die Große Tulpenmanie , die Holland im 17 .
Jahrhundert befallen hat .
Zum Höhepunkt dieser Mutter aller Spekulationsblasen wurde eine Tulpenzwiebel zu Preisen gehandelt , die dem 40 fachen Jahresgehalt eines Zimmermanns entsprachen .
Als die Tulpenblase platzte , hinterließ sie nicht nur einen ökonomischen Scherbenhaufen , sondern auch sehr viel Ratlosigkeit .
Dass die chinesische Knoblauchblase platzen wird , ist sicher .
Wie immer bei Spekulationsblasen werden es auch hier die Späteinsteiger sein , die sich mehr als eine blutige Nase holen .
Anders als im Westen gilt das Glücksspiel in China jedoch als ehrenhaft und Glücksritter genießen ein hohes gesellschaftliches Ansehen .
Die Knoblauchblase wird nicht die letzte Spekulationsblase in China sein .
( Jens Berger )
This page is out of date
You 've reached a page on the Ren' Py wiki .
Due to massive spam , the wiki has n't been updated in over 5 years , and much of the information here is very out of date .
We 've kept it because some of it is of historic interest , but all the information relevant to modern versions of Ren' Py has been moved elsewhere .
Some places to look are :
Please do not create new links to this page .
A Los Angeles DJ got a bit of a family tree shock after finally discovering the identity of the man who impregnated his mother - serial killer Charles Manson .
Having been raised by adoptive parents , Matthew Roberts located his birth mother - a woman named Terry - in Wisconsin .
Roberts corresponded with the woman and requested details about the circumstances surrounding his birth .
Roberts learned that he was originally named Lawrence Alexander , but his biological mom remained quiet about the man who fathered her newly - found son for quite some time .
Much to Roberts ’ shock and horror , Terry finally disclosed that her son was the product of a “ drug - fueled orgy ” in which she says Charles Manson raped her .
Roberts , who describes himself as a vegetarian and Ghandi - fan , has tried to take the news in stride , but has suffered from intermittent depression since discovering the story behind his adoption :
“ I ’m not nuts but I ’ve got a little bit of it .
It ’s scary and upsetting .
If I get worked up , my eyes get really big and that ’s really freaked some people out before .
“ I ’ve tried to tone that down quite a bit .
I do n’t like having that effect on people .
“ I do n’t even like the fact that I ’m big .
It makes me even scarier .
My hero is Gandhi .
I ’m an extremely non-violent , peaceful person and a vegetarian .
“ I do n’t even kill bugs .
I ’ve had long hair all my life .
I could make it go away , but I ca n’t let the world and their fears change me . ”
Since the discovery , Roberts has struggled with the idea of having a relationship with his father , saying that while he does n’t “ want to love ( Manson ) , ” he does n’t want to hate him either .
Back when Mickey Mouse was drawn by Walt Disney in 1928 , it was all pencil and paper , and the frequent use of the ever dependable eraser .
More than 80 years have passed and yet we still see Mickey Mouse cartoons all around the world .
That 80 + years has also brought advances in computer technology and software which now allows us to move away from the pencil , paper and the ever dependable eraser , to advanced drawing applications and input ( drawing ) devices .
In this edition / article , we ’ll be featuring the best 40 + tutorials on drawing cartoons with Adobe Illustrator and we hope it would expand your creativity and imagination to be the next Walt Disney .
Here are some related post you might be interested :
20 Fresh Adobe Illustrator Tutorials to Learn in 2017 20 Fresh Adobe Illustrator Tutorials to Learn in 2017 Designing and digital art is one of those skills that needs constant updating as new tools and technology ...
Read more
Learn how to create fun sun character tutorial in Illustrator .
This intermediate tutorial is great for logos , children illustrations , and other projects relating to climate change .
Moreover , you can easily apply this tutorial to other illustrations , logos , and projects !
Follow these steps in Adobe Illustrator to create your very own super cute fuzzy monster character .
We ’ll be working with the basic shapes to start , then use a variety of gradients to add depth .
We can then finish it off with some detailed fur effects to really lift the design from the screen .
In this tutorial , you will learn how to create a cartoon zombie in Illustrator .
Starting by creating a fresh corpse , we will then ‘ yuck ’ it up using a number of techniques .
In this tutorial , you will learn how using Adobe Illustrator create vector cartoons .
Learn how to create Lebron James Cartoon Character .
This tutorial covers the necessary steps for creating a colored multicolor cartoon character that includes shadings .
In this tutorial we will go through the process of drawing cute cartoon character .
The concept is based on the Emo trend , we will go trough all the steps from sketch to full color vector .
How to create a cute panda bear face icon all from ellipses .
The great part about this tutorial , is that you can easily apply the techniques to other icons , illustrations , logos , or other projects .
Constructing a group of cool vector ninja characters using just the basic shapes and a variety of simple tools , making it a good start for Illustrator beginners .
This tutorial uses simple shapes and gradients that are easy to apply to other character illustrations .
This tutorial shows you how to build a Bucket ‘ o ’
Thought character and add a dynamic background effect .
Follow this Adobe Illustrator walkthrough on the creation of a cute little vector monster character , beginning with a quick pencil sketch on paper .
This tutorial aims to guide you from sketchbook to screen ; a “ Fat Cat ” doodled with biro translated into a neat vector caricature .
Intermediate knowledge of Adobe Illustrator is advised .
Follow this tutorial to create your own vector character – Freddy the Fish .
By firstly using the power of pen and paper a character design is created , which is then scanned into the computer to use as a base for tracing with Adobe Illustrator .
The final outcome is a colourful cartoon character in vector format !
In this tutorial , author will give an overview of how developed a character from the initial brief through to the final site mascot and then to go on to create several poses for different parts of the site .
This is a short beginner tutorial .
You will use Layers , utilize the Pen Tool and its sister tools , such as the Convert Anchor Point Tool , Direct Selection Tool , etc , to draw and colorize a vector Bart Simpson in Adobe Illustrator .
This tutorial details a professional workflow for creating vector illustrations and prepping the artwork for Micro - Stock Sales .
Author also included a bunch of time - saving tools and tips as well .
In this tutorial , you ’ll learn some basic skills for converting your character from a pencil doodle to a complete , fully - coloured image – learning some crucial Illustrator skills along the way .
In this tutorial will be detailed explain how in Adobe Illustrator coloring sketches , in this tutorial author will use anime sketch .
First of two Spoongraphics mini-series of tutorials on how to create a set of simple monster characters .
This is very simple tutorial , so if you beginner of Illustrator , you can learn some basic tools .
Here is second Illustrator tutorial from Spoongraphics mini-series of monsters tutorials where you will take a look at the Dumb Blue Sucker Monster !
Again , using mostly the basic tools and shapes making the tutorial suitable for beginners to Illustrator .
Using some basic shapes , effects , and gradients author will show you how to create a Twitter mascot for your blog or website .
In this tutorial you will break down the basic process of creating a character from sketching through to the final vector file .
Whether you ’re interested in creating vector mascots for branding design , or making interesting characters to use in your animations , you ’ll find these techniques helpful .
Koi Carp have been painted and illustrated by the Japanese for centuries and are familiar to people all over the world .
This tutorial will take the intermediate Adobe Illustrator user through the techniques and processes needed to imitate what the Japanese have perfected .
At the begining of 2009 – Cow year , Kailoon.com create special new year Illustrator tutorial , where you can learn how to draw 2009 year symbol – Cow .
Very interesting tutorial and result is amazing – very cute Cow .
If you want to learn how to create a rounded robot character from sketch to finished vector art , then we have an awesome tutorial for you .
What Would Happen if You Bought 25 Bottles of Nyquil ?
Ever since I was a little girl , I have periodically played a game I like to call ‘ What would happen if … ’
The very first time I played this game I was 5 years old and riding in the car with my Mother .
She had allowed me to sit in the front seat , but the novelty of that wore off rather quickly and I got bored .
Almost immediately after we merged onto the expressway , I spied the car door handle .
I thought to myself , I wonder what would happen if I opened the car door right now ?
Would the door fly open ?
Or would it stay closed since the car was in motion ?
If it flew open , would the wind rip the door completely off of the car ?
My seatbelt was secure , so I was pretty sure I would n’t fly out of the car , but would anything else fly out ?
What would my Mother do ?
I looked over at my Mother who was paying careful attention to the road and vaguely singing along with the radio .
Then I looked over at the gleaming car handle .
I knew that opening the door while we were driving was a very stupid and potentially dangerous thing to do , but it was almost as if the handle was calling my name .
It wanted me to open it .
I tried to resist , but my curiosity overwhelmed me .
Slowly , I reached over …and opened the door .
Turns out the only thing that happens when you open the car door on the expressway is your Mother screams , “ OH MY GOD ! HOW DID THAT HAPPEN ? ” pulls over , closes your door , and then goes homes and bitches to your Father about her vehicle being unsafe and demands he buy her a new one .
It was n’t the most exciting outcome in the world , but at least I knew .
This past Friday evening , I found myself inadvertently playing another game of ‘ What would happen if … ’
My husband has been dealing with a particularly nasty summer cold and it ’s making it difficult for him to fall asleep .
Shortly after midnight one evening , he asked me to run to the store and pick him up some medicine .
I agreed because I ’m nice like that .
After selecting a bottle of Nyquil and my Husband ’s favorite brand of ice cream , it was time to check - out .
I elected to go through the self check - out lane because the group of kids who normally jockeyed the registers looked thoroughly engrossed in a conversation about their parents sucking or their jobs sucking or who de-friended them on myspace recently or whatever and I did n’t want to interrupt them .
Besides , I have two fully functioning arms .
I am capable of scanning and bagging my own ice cream .
However , after I scanned my items , the computer started beeping .
“ You have selected an age restricted item .
Please wait for a cashier , ” it said .
“ What the Hell ? ” I mused , “ Ice cream and Nyquil is age restricted now ? ”
A teenager with a lip piercing and bad dye job came rushing over .
“ Can I see your ID ? ” she chirped .
“ What did I order that needs ID ? ” I asked .
She looked over my purchases and shrugged .
“ I guess it ’s the Nyquil . ”
I sighed deeply and handed her my driver ’s license .
She glanced at it quickly , typed my birthday into the computer , handed it back , and scurried away .
Even though I did n’t show it , I was all kinds of annoyed .
I mean , what kind of nanny state am I living in right now ?
I ca n’t even buy cold medicine anymore without the government all up in my shit ?
Why is my right to privacy being invaded in favor of incompetent police officers who lack the ability to catch drug dealers without spying on the average law abiding citizen ?
Then , out of nowhere , I thought , I wonder what would happen if I tried to buy all the Nyquil on the shelf ?
Would they laugh ?
Would they get angry ?
Would they sell it to me ?
Would they call the cops ?
Would they interrogate me until I told them what it was for ?
No matter how many years pass , I remain easily seduced by my curiosity .
The harder I try to shake the wondering thoughts from my head , the more they burrow into my brain and demand recognition .
By the time I got home from the grocery store , I simply had to know what would happen if I tried to buy an entire shelf full of Nyquil .
The next morning , I woke up bright and early with the intent of carrying out my plan .
Now I ’m not really sure how the typical Meth Head dresses , so I took a guess .
I clad myself in an old T - shirt and a ripped pair of pants that were covered in paint .
I pulled my hair back in a ratty ponytail and slipped on a pair of dirty sandals .
My goal was to look as shady as possible without overdoing it .
Upon entering the store , I grabbed one of those hand - held shopping baskets and walked with single minded purpose over to the drug isle .
I then proceeded to fill my basket with every bottle of Nyquil sitting on the shelf .
There were n’t that many and I really wanted to be obvious , so I decided to buy all the generic versions as well .
Then I marched my ass right over to the cashier and emptied my basket onto the conveyor belt .
At first she was n’t really paying attention as she grabbed bottle after bottle and flipped them through the scanner .
Then a little light must have gone off in her head because she suddenly paused .
“ Are these on sale or something ? ” she asked .
“ Nope . ” I replied noncommittally .
“ I ’m going to need to see your ID , ” she responded .
“ Sure . ” I said as I handed it over .
“ I ’ll be right back , ” she told me as she scampered over to the customer service desk to show my ID to who I assumed was the manager .
The guy in line behind me asked , “ Someone sick ? ”
“ I ’m having a yard sale , ” I replied .
Yeah , my answer did n’t make much sense .
But it was none of his business , so fuck him .
After about 10 minutes , the cashier came back and gave me my ID .
Then she finished ringing me up and handed over two bags of Nyquil .
“ Um , have a nice day , ” she said .
I thanked her politely and headed out to my car thinking to myself that the whole scenario ended up being fairly anticlimactic .
This time , bending to the will of my curiosity earned me nothing more than 10 minutes of inconvenience and 25 bottles of unneeded Nyquil .
Fucking fantastic .
I went home , unloaded my spoils onto my kitchen table and decided to take a nap on my couch .
Right before I fell asleep , I thought to myself , I really need to stop playing that game .
A couple of hours later , my brother and his girlfriend woke me up .
“ What the hell is with all the Nyquil ? ” he asked .
I told him about my game and how nothing really exciting happened .
Then , he said , “ Probably because you bought the wrong shit . ”
I said , “ Huh ? ”
With a smirk on his face , my brother explained , “ The ingredient in Nyquil that is used to make crystal meth is called pseudoephedrine .
But these do n’t have it in them .
Look !
It even says right here on the front , ‘ Now Made without pseudoephedrine . ’
“ Then why did they card me for them ? ”
“ How the hell am I supposed to know ?
All I know is that you ca n’t make meth out of these . ”
“ Son of a bitch ! ” I exclaimed .
“ You are the worst fake drug dealer ever , ” my brother admonished .
His girlfriend cut in , “ You know what you should get ?
Sudafed .
They sell it behind the counter at the pharmacy and they probably wo n’t give you more than one or two .
But it might be funny if you asked to exchange your Nyquil for 25 boxes of Sudafed . ”
For me , failure tends to make me more determined , so I decided that was exactly what I was going to do .
But , this time , I wanted to start my adventure with a bit more planning .
I decided to call the grocery store and ask if it was even possible to return Nyquil since it was technically a medicine .
The manager I spoke to assured me that as long as I had the receipt and the seal was n’t broken , they would take it back .
So the next day , I packed up my bags of Nyquil and headed back to the grocery store .
I plopped the bags on the counter of the customer service desk and amicably said , “ I ’d like to return these , please . ”
The cashier looked shocked .
“ All of these ? ”
“ Yes please , ” I answered mildly , “ Here is the receipt . ”
“ How many bottles are in here ? ”
“ 25 . ”
“ 25 ?
You bought 25 bottles of Nyquil ?
Why would you do that ? ” she asked .
“ I was n’t feeling well . ” I answered .
“ So why are you returning them now ? ”
She countered .
I slightly hardened my voice .
“ I ’m feeling better . ”
“ Normal people do n’t buy 25 bottles of Nyquil ! ” she exclaimed .
“ So ? ” I snapped .
She started stammering .
“ Well ….its just that I do n’t … .
I do n’t know …if we can take this many back .
We ’d have to throw them away and ….
I ….uh …. ”
“ I called and spoke to a manager yesterday , ” I informed her , “ And he told me that as long as the seal was n’t broken and I had the receipt , you would take them back . ”
“ Well I ’m sure he did n’t know how many you bought ! ”
“ Does it matter ? ” I questioned , “ Is there some sort of store policy that states you can only return so many things at a time ? ”
“ I ’m going to get my manger , ” she replied .
“ Fine . ”
The manger came over , obviously perturbed , and we argued back and forth for a few minutes .
Finally she said , “ I ’ll take them back this time .
But next time , I wo n’t . ”
“ That ’s fine by me , ” I agreed .
I filled out a form with my name , address , and phone number , got my cash back and walked directly over to the pharmacy .
An older lady walked over to wait on me .
“ Can I please buy some Sudafed ? ” I requested .
“ Sure ! ” she said as she held out her hand , “ I ’m going to need some proof that you ’re over 18 , though . ”
“ That ’s fine , ” I told her , “ But I ’m going to need more than one . ”
“ How many do you need ? ”
“ 25 . ”
“ 25 tablets ? ”
“ No , 25 boxes . ”
I ’m not sure if my answer extremely shocked her or extremely angered her , but her response was to shriek , “ NO ! ”
Calmly , I asked , “ Why not ? ”
“ NO ! ” she bellowed again .
“ But why not ? ” I repeated .
“ BECAUSE OF THE METH ! ” she hollered .
I smiled a little and said , “ I promise I wo n’t use it to make meth . ”
Again : “ NO ! ”
A concerned Pharmacist walked around the counter .
“ What seems to be the problem here ? ” he questioned .
“ I ’m just trying to by some Sudafed . ” I answered .
The cashier squawked again , “ NO ! YOU CAN ’T HAVE ANY ! ”
And I was supposed to be the crazy one !
The Pharmacist gave her a confused look and she said to him , “ She wants 25 boxes ! ”
“ Whoa , wait a minute , ma’am ! ” he said to me .
Just then , out of the corner of my eye , I realized that the manager who did my return and a couple of stock boys were walking up behind me .
They were closing in on me !
I thought to myself what better time to walk away , all shifty , like I was a real drug dealer than now .
So I abruptly did an about - face and briskly started striding towards the door .
The Pharmacist tried to stop me .
“ Ma’am ! ” he called after me , “ Ma’am !
I ’m going to need you to come back here !
Ma’am ! ”
Seriously , I could n’t believe he actually thought I would fall for that .
I mean , what am I ? 12 years old ?
Did he actually think I would be naïve enough to believe that a goddamn Pharmacist had the legal right to forcibly detain me in a grocery store ?
But the ridiculousness of the situation was only a fleeting thought in my mind .
At that precise moment , I had more pressing matters to concern myself with .
Namely , how I was going to shake the manager and the stock boy goons who were in the process of following me out of the store .
I increased my walking speed a little and made it outside .
I paused for a second , thinking the chase was over , but I was wrong .
The manager had tailed me into the parking lot .
Frantically , she started waving the cart boys over to her and pointing in my direction .
Before I knew it , I had a small army of grocery store employees following me around the parking lot .
It was fucking surreal .
I felt like I was starring in the deleted scenes of one of those Terminator movies .
My theory was that they were waiting until I got into my car so they could write down my license plate number .
To me , this was odd , considering the fact that they had my name , address , and phone number written on a slip of paper behind the customer service desk .
Anyway , I finally thwarted them for good by electing to simply walk home .
Because I live a couple of miles from the grocery store , I decided to call my brother .
“ Hey , if the cops show up at my door , do not let them in without a warrant , ” I told him , “ That ’s a violation of my 4th amendment rights ! ”
“ No problem . ” He said .
He ’s learned to quit asking questions .
The end result of my little escapade , however , produced no angry police officers ruthlessly pounding on my door .
In fact , outside of a couple of grocery store employees who briefly pretended to be Rambo , nothing really exciting happened at all .
All in all , I ended up fairly disappointed with my most recent game of ‘ What would happen if …. ’
You see , that ’s the problem with letting yourself become randomly consumed by curiosity .
Things rarely live up to your expectations .
Men may shuffle on to the dance floor this Christmas , but once there , they will be impressed by their moves , according to research carried out by the ' Doctor of Dance ' at the University of Hertfordshire .
Research conducted by Dr Peter Lovatt from the University 's School of Psychology on the BBC Radio 4 Today Programme 's website asked people to imagine they were at a party dancing with other people and then asked them to rate how good a dancer they thought they were compared with the average person of their own age and gender .
Almost 14,000 people filled in the Dance Style Questionnaire and the results show that although up to the age of 16 , men lack confidence in their dance moves , after that their dance confidence rises steadily with men over the age of 65 having higher ratings than men between the ages of 55 and 60 .
Women , on the other hand display immense confidence up to the age of 16 , experience a drop between then and 20 , and then confidence levels rise steadily up to 35 and then drop steadily between 55 and 65 .
Dr Lovatt , who conducted this research as a follow - up to conducting an experiment into the links between genes , physical attraction and dance , believes that the discrepancy in dance confidence between men and women lies in their genetic make - up .
" Up to the age of 15 or 16 , girls quite often validate their moves through dance classes which give them more confidence than boys when it comes to dancing , " said Dr Lovatt .
" Then after 16 , they improvise and show their hormonal and genetic make - up when they dance .
Men seem to be more comfortable in their genetic make - up and in tune with their natural biorhythms and therefore feel more confident when they dance . "
The next question that Dr Lovatt wants to answer is " Why do you dance ? " or possibly more pointedly " Why do n't you dance ? "
" We need to know if people 's reasons for dancing change as they get older , " he said .
" We know despite our research findings that lots of men do n't dance and we wonder why this is .
It may be that they perceive it as a non-macho activity and if this is the case , we need to find ways to introduce it as a fun vital health measure . "
Some differences in planning are personal .
For instance , a couple planning to retire at 55 may need a paycheck - bridge strategy before they become eligible for Social Security at age 62 , said Michael Kitces , director of financial planning for the Pinnacle Advisory Group in Columbia , Md . If the couple are in line for an inheritance or are planning to sell a second home , they can spend more earlier in retirement than might otherwise seem prudent , he added .
Other variations are economic .
An extended period of stock - market gains may let some retirees increase their withdrawals .
A couple of down years can have the opposite effect .
These factors must all be weighed in a paycheck replacement plan .
“ The mathematics of this are beyond what most people could really be sophisticated at , ” said Roger Ibbotson , a professor at the Yale School of Management and an expert on investments who has helped mutual fund companies advise retirees .
“ It ’s not that they ’re stupid .
It ’s just that it ’s complicated . ”
To give retirees some new tools , two of the biggest fund companies , Fidelity and Vanguard , have introduced mutual funds intended to make it easy for retirees to make systematic monthly withdrawals .
Fidelity ’s Income Replacement funds use target dates to determine the period over which the portfolio will be drawn down .
For instance , the Fidelity Income Replacement Fund 2038 is meant to provide retirees with monthly income for the next 30 years .
The withdrawal rate starts at 5.01 percent in the first year and moves up gradually , to 6.30 percent in 2018 and 10.29 percent in 2028 .
In 2038 , retirees get whatever is left , divided into 12 monthly installments , and the fund is depleted .
Over the years Mr. Fly degraded from a successful cab driver to a poor lonely insect as he had 173 wives who cost him a fortune on make - up and clothing .
Not to mention his 2184 kids , who all needed money for education and iPods .
Nicholas Hendrickx , Belgian photographer made this great set of photos with fly in all kind of cool and funny situations .
From jpgmag.com :
On May 16 2007
I met Gerald
Fly in my garden as I was shooting some cliché flowers .
I had just bought my first cheap macro filters online and was excitingly giving them a try .
Gerald caught my attention as he was sitting on a flowerpot with nothing but a cardboard sign that said " Will work 4 food " .
Over the years he degraded from a successful cab driver to a poor lonely insect as he had 173 wives who cost him a fortune on make - up and clothing .
Not to mention his 2184 kids , who all needed money for education and iPods .
So there he was , staring at me with his big mosaic eyes , begging me for help .
Macro filters in hand I offered him a job as my new photography model .
That night we had a good drink and talked about potential photoshoots .
Surprisingly he proved himself a lovely musician on both piano and guitar .
And so he often played me some tunes on the window sill and dreamed about a glorious music career .
The days went by and everything went great .
We really had a good time together .
Until after a dangerous freefall dandelion shoot , when Gerald and I had a big fight over the conditions he had to work in .
The impact of the arguments got even worse as he discovered I had secretly done some photoshoots with a ladybug called Linda .
He furiously buzzed away to the streets outside .
There he maintained to hitchhike for 29 hours non-stop to Poopville , the promised land for flies , without success .
But the guilt inside me was becoming too much so I begged him to come back and promised to give him a little holiday .
A few weeks later , and after some heavy bicycle training , his old belly is back and today he is once again at my side for more adventurous photoshoots !
Nicholas portofolio on Flickr
An exact death toll is not known but aid workers say it may be 300 More victims of deadly religious clashes in central Nigeria have been found , with scores of bodies stuffed in wells and sewage pits .
Up to 150 bodies have been found in Kuru Karama village , 30 km ( 18 miles ) from the city of Jos , where the violence erupted last Sunday .
Correspondents say elders hid in holes for seven hours to escape the violence .
An exact death toll is not known but overall 300 or more are thought to have died in the Muslim - Christian clashes .
Muslim officials in Jos who spoke to the campaign group Human Rights Watch said 364 Muslims had been killed .
Christian groups say their communities have also been attacked but they have not said how many people were killed .
Several thousand people fled their homes .
' Burned alive '
The BBC's Caroline Duffield in Jos says the town and the area to the south of it are under tight military control but more details of the violence there are starting to emerge .
She says many of the bodies found in Kuru Karama had massive burns , other victims were hacked to death or shot .
JOS , PLATEAU STATE
Deadly riots in 2001 and 2008 City divided into Christian and Muslim areas Divisions accentuated by system of classifying people as indigenes and settlers Hausa - speaking Muslims living in Jos for decades are still classified as settlers Settlers find it difficult to stand for election Divisions also exist along party lines : Christians mostly back the ruling PDP ; Muslims generally supporting the opposition ANPP
In pictures : Nigeria riot aftermath
She says there are still more bodies scattered in the bush beyond the village but the areas are not safe for volunteer workers to enter .
Bukuru market , a large commercial area to the south of Jos , was burned to the ground , with at least 1,000 shops and homes in the markets destroyed in the inferno , our correspondent adds .
Umar Baza , head of Kuru Karama village , told AFP news agency : " So far we have picked 150 bodies from the wells .
But 60 more people are still missing . "
Human Rights
Watch said armed men had attacked the mostly Muslim Kuru Karama on 19 January .
" After surrounding the town , they hunted down and attacked Muslim residents , some of whom had sought refuge in homes and a local mosque , killing many as they tried to flee and burning many others alive , " it said in a statement .
It quoted one villager as saying : " I came back on Wednesday evening escorted by the military .
I saw dead bodies everywhere .
The corpses were there , but now you can just see the blood on the ground .
None of the houses are standing . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The group called on Vice - President Goodluck Jonathan to order an immediate criminal investigation into reports of the massacre .
Mr Jonathan deployed the military after four days of clashes .
He has been issuing orders while President Umaru Yar 'Adua receives medical treatment in Saudi Arabia .
The security forces have now restored order and a curfew has been partially lifted .
But correspondents say the atmosphere is still tense .
Jos , the capital of Plateau state , lies at the point where Nigeria 's Muslim north and predominantly Christian south meet .
But the Catholic Archbishop of Jos , Ignatius Kaigama , told the BBC that religion was not the real cause of the violence .
" It is the struggle for ethnic and political superiority in Jos , " he said .
" If this issue is not resolved then we will witness a cycle of violence .
There has to be some political solution . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
mas
i guess if you ’re still in the mood for christmas webcomic animation you could look at octopus pie .
i heard she also oh goddammit that is a million times better than this and i blew it
speaking of which if you are not counting down the days to the christmas debut of blamimations with kris and scott then you should be mad at yourself .
there ’s no way you can read chainsawsuit and not like what ’s coming on friday .
if so then i’ve grossly misjudged you
Israeli Soldiers prevent an international solidarity worker from entering Khatib ’s home tonight .
( Photo : Hamde Abu Rahmah )
On the day that Bil ’in protest leader Mohammad Khatib was arrested for the second time in six months , the New York Times has finally caught up to the story of Israel ’s ongoing campaign against Palestinian dissent .
Isabel Kershner ’s article , Israel Signals Tougher Line on West Bank Protests , gives an overview of the " creeping , part - time intifada " that continues to spread across the West Bank , as well Israel ’s effort to quash it .
Kershner quotes Khatib in the article and notes his arrest today :
“ Bilin is no longer about the struggle for Bilin , ” said Mr. Khatib , who was arrested in August and has been awaiting trial on an incitement charge .
“ This is part of a national struggle , ” he said , adding that ending the Israeli occupation was the ultimate goal .
Before dawn on Thursday soldiers came to Mr. Khatib ’s home in Bilin and took him away again .
It ’s clear Israel is growing increasingly concerned as Kershner also quotes military spokesperson Maj .
Peter Lerner , “ ’ These are violent , illegal , dangerous riots . ’
Other Palestinians are ‘ jumping on the bandwagon , ’ he said , and the protests ‘ could slip out of control . ’ "
The Popular Struggle Coordination Committee released a statement following Khatib ’s arrest placing it in a broader context :
Liberal Leader Michael Ignatieff called the decision by Prime Minister Stephen Harper to prorogue Parliament and muzzle the opposition " a crazy way to run a democracy , " but he stopped short Friday of threatening to bring down the government .
Instead Ignatieff said all of his party 's MPs and senators plan to return to work in Ottawa on Jan. 25 , the date Parliament was set to resume before Harper shut it down until March .
Ignatieff , speaking from Ottawa in his first public appearance since Harper prorogued Parliament on Dec. 30 until after the Vancouver Olympics , said his party plans to return to work because that 's what Canadians have told him they want .
" We 're going to be working right until the Olympics because I feel that this is in response to the needs and wishes of Canadians , " he said .
Ignatieff said the suspension of Parliament reflects a tendency by the prime minister to shut down or muzzle the opposition and government watchdogs when they criticize the government .
" Each and every time he seems in difficulty , each and every time he feels the pressure of democracy , he tries to have the work of this House behind me stop , " he said .
" We think this is a crazy way to run a democracy . "
Liberals plan return to work
Ignatieff stopped short of threatening to bring the government down , saying Canadians do n't want an opposition that operates with threats .
" I 've gotten a very clear message from Canadians : do your darn job , lower the volume , do what you are elected to do , " he said .
Ignatieff said his party plans to hold roundtables and public consultations on the environment , democratic governance and the economy .
He said the Liberals would be willing to work with other opposition parties should they decide to return to Parliament as well .
Harper 's move to prorogue , or suspend , Parliament drew criticism from opposition parties .
They suggested it is an attempt to muzzle parliamentarians and avoid the controversy sparked by hearings into Canada 's role in Afghanistan — specifically , the treatment of detainees transferred to Afghan authorities by the Canadian Forces .
The Conservative government said it sought the suspension to have time to consult with Canadians , stakeholders and businesses as it moved into the " next phase " of its economic action plan amid signs of economic recovery .
On Tuesday , the prime minister told Peter Mansbridge of CBC News that the decision to prorogue government was a " fairly standard procedure " and a " routine constitutional matter . "
" I do n't think it makes sense for a session of Parliament to go on and on without the government periodically examining its overall agenda , " Harper said .
Speaking at an event in New Brunswick on Friday , the prime minister hit back at criticisms of his decision to invoke prorogation , insisting the government needs the time to work on the next phase of the economic stimulus package .
" It ’s interesting to see , a week after we set the date for Parliament to return , that the opposition now says they are going to be really mad about this when they get back from vacation , " Harper told reporters .
" The government is going to take advantage of this time … to continue to deliver the economic measures that are being delivered here and elsewhere across the country , " he said .
Ignatieff said that Harper 's decision to suspend Parliament until March 3 was a gamble on the cynicism of Canadians , and that the reaction of the public shows the gamble has failed .
A Facebook group against prorogation has attracted more than 100,000 members , while an EKOS poll released exclusively to CBC News on Thursday indicates Canadians , after the decision to prorogue Parliament , were nearly twice as likely to oppose the move as favour it .
Police are investigating whether the victims of a fatal car crash in Melbourne 's north on Saturday night were skylarking .
Five young men were killed and a girl seriously injured when their car hit a tree on Plenty Road at Mill Park in Melbourne 's north about 2:00 am AEDT .
Police believe the car was travelling at about 140 kilometres per hour when it hit the tree , tearing it from the ground , and splitting the car in two .
Assistant commissioner Tim Cartwright says he is frustrated by the tragedy .
" This is just crazy .
How many times do we have to say to people speed kills ? " he said .
" This is n't speed , this is lunacy .
" There 's suggestions of earlier erratic driving .
The witnesses we 've got give us every indication this is just one person driving in a stupid manner that 's resulted in this .
" There 's at the moment no suggestions of drag racing , there 's no oncoming traffic , two lane road , perfect conditions .
What can you say ?
I 'm just speechless really . "
A 15 - year - old girl , the lone survivor of the crash , was trapped in the wreckage with serious injuries for an hour and a half before she was cut free and taken to hospital .
Her brother was killed in the accident .
Another pair of siblings , two brothers , were also killed .
The car was overloaded and police are investigating a report that a passenger may have been hanging out of a window earlier in the night .
Police are also trying to find out if the victims had been at a party .
Paramedic Ron McLeod , who has worked at crash scenes for 30 years , says the crash is the worst he has witnessed .
Mr McLeod has begged teenagers to take notice of this as an example the consequences of dangerous driving .
" We get a lot of heavy accidents along that stretch of road but as I 've said , it 's the worst , " he said .
" It 's very traumatising for the ambulance crews that worked on the patient .
" It 's a horrific scene here this morning and young people should ...
Guys and girls just look what 's happened here , there 's a number of families that have lost loved ones and it 's just a tragic scene . "
Ok !
Welcome back !
Did you have a good night ?
Did you have any nightmares about Dr. Tam ?
It ’s ok , I did too .
Today there is no more of him , there will mostly just be other people , and I have not been able to obtain any wine or tea for the writing of this recap , SO .
Last time on Judgment Daze :
The h8ers tried to prove that America has gotten way more accepting of the whole “ gay thing ” in past decades .
That was about as convincing as their argument that gay people like to beat up little old ladies and Christian folk singers .
The aforementioned Mr. Tam was really confused / bigoted / CRAZY and made our hearts hurt with his testimony .
He said that as an Old Chinese man , he was unable to forsee ending up in court having to defend his crazyass statements , and answered in the affirmative on topics including homosexuality leading to child prostitution , molestationand old ladies getting beaten up .
The sheer ridiculousness of the h8ers case was pretty obvious , at least to us !
Part One :
Let ’s Define Sexual Orientation Just For Funsies
There is some confusing talk about how the day should be structured , like who should call the witnesses and who should cross-examine , and we decide to do it the way we ’ve been doing it before , which sounds fine to me ?
Are these defense or plaintiff witnesses ?
I think maybe they are defense witnesses , but it ’s still the plaintiff ’s turn ?
Probably not .
Sorry , I ’m dumb .
This makes no sense to me , but Judge Walker says “ that has been done before and can be done again , ” so I guess we ’re ready to roll .
It ’s kind of like the whole top / bottom thing .
Anyhoo .
The first plantiff witness for today is Dr. Gregory Herek , who got a Ph.D. in 1983 in social psychology and then went to Yale as a post - doctorate .
He studies “ attitudes of heteros towards lesbians and gay men , ” and “ attitudes towards HIV , ” which was a big deal in 1983 and is still a pretty big deal now .
Now he teaches the class “ Sexual Orientation and Prejudice ” at , I think , UC Davis .
He intends “ to offer an opinion on the nature of sexual orientation and how it is viewed by psychology and psychiatry today , the effect of intervention therapy and how stigma relates to Prop.
8 . ” Well ok then !
The first thing they do is talk about the “ definition ” of sexual orientation , which has been a legit obsession for the Prop 8 side this entire trial .
Herek says he defines it as “ intense sexual attraction to men by men and to women by women and pattern of identification and behavior …
In public health research , the focus is on STDs , so it ’s defined in operational terms according to sexual behavior .
In other contexts , would focus on identity because we look at discrimination . ”
He confirms that the American Psychiatric Association , the American Psychological Association , and other major health organizations have all gone on the record saying that homosexuality is normal , i.e. not pathological , and that there is “ no inherent relationship between [ sexual orientation ] and ability to contribute to society and lead a happy and fulfilled life . ”
He says that in the 1952 DSM homosexuality was a “ mental disorder , ” but in 1975 there was a ( successful ) push to change the classification .
Judge :
What led to the change ?
Herek :
That ’s a long story .
Judge :
Well , we ’re here for a while .
No joke .
I love Judge Walker .
Basically , Herek answers that the 1952 - era classification was in an time when all knowledge about homos was based on “ hearsay , ” and then what do you know , when someone manned up and actually did some research , they realized they were wrong .
Turns out looking at the first hit you get on Yahoo is not empirical data !
Sorry , still not over Tam ’s testimony from yesterday !
Now we ’re getting down to the big questions :
Us : Do people choose their [ sexual orientation ] ?
Herek : I did research that shows that vast majority of gay men and lesbians , and bisexuals as well , say that they experienced very little choice .
Us : Have [ “ reparative ” or conversion ] therapies been proven effective ?
Herek : First , define “ effective . ”
Does it consistently produce change and does so without producing harm to the person involved ?
With those definitions , no , reparative therapy has not been found effective … [ an APA task force ] did thorough review of literature .
First , there were not many high quality studies that showed effectiveness .
When they did look at those , there was very little effectiveness and potentially harm .
The participants in this body of research continued to experience same sex attraction [ following treatment , and did not report ] significant change to their - sex attractions that could be empirically validated , though some showed lessened physiological arousal to all sexual stimuli .
Compelling evidence of decreased same - sex sexual behavior and of engagement in sexual behavior with the other sex was rare . ”
He also notes that he “ found many anecdotal reports that showed harm . ”
Somewhere in this courtroom , Ryan Kendall is murmuring “ TRUTH ” to everyone sitting around him .
And in case none of that was clear enough , here ’s the final conclusion from a study the APA did in 2009 :
Be it further resolved that the AM Psych Assoc reaffirms its position that homosexuality per se is not a mental disorder and opposes portrayal of sexual minority youths and adults of mentally ill due to their sexual orientation ;
Further resolved that the APA concludes that there is insufficient evidence to support the use of psychological intervention to change [ sexual orientation ] .
We also talk about where we stand with marriage now — queers can in fact get married in CA , but only to strais .
Herek notes that this may actually happen with people who have not yet realized they ’re gaymos , or that they might know but get married anyways because of “ social pressure . ”
Rick Jacobs notes that this shit can make you suicidal : “ Do n’t try this at home . ”
And now while Herek says that domestic partnerships have “ significantly the same rights as marriage , ” that the difference between the two institutions is not just a word .
According to him , if it were really only a matter of semantics as we ’re so often told , we would n’t be having this trial to begin with .
Also , it ’s not the same AT ALL YOU GUYS .
It ’s not the same at all !
The fact that this is an issue at all , the fact that so many straight people are willing to grant tax exemptions and joint custody of golden retrievers and shared Costco memberships and anything except the word “ marriage ” is in fact proof of how important it is , proof that the difference between those two things mattered .
I ’ve never heard it argued this way before , but it seems so obvious now .
It ’s like when your mom put the cookie jar on the highest shelf and tells you you ca n’t have it because after all it ’s only full of cough drops anyways — do n’t play with me , woman !
If there was n’t something worth having there , you would n’t be so greedy about it .
This is supported by the huge spike in the dissolution of DPs just before marriage became legal – because those were n’t what we wanted , what we wanted was for our grandmas to see us in our wedding dresses and cry because they ’ve been hitting up the open bar at our WEDDING because we got MARRIED .
And in related news , we ’re just going to do a quick refresher on stigma :
Herek : Gay men and lesbians are stigmatized based on great amount research .
Great amount survey data that shows that Americans feel disgusted by gay men .
FBI and state of CA track hate crimes against LGB .
National survey found that 1/5 of homos had experienced violence in lifetime .
Slightly lower had experienced some form of discrimination in employment .
Children in schools feel negative pressure if perceived as l or g .
Two men walking down the street holding hands feel pressure …
By definition , Prop. 8 is part of structural stigma .
Okay !
I think we ’re done here !
Part Two :
Just Go With the Flow …
Now it ’s time for the cross .
The h8er starts out by coming back to this thing about how you define sexual orientation or same - sex attraction .
I ’m sorry , but I just do n’t “ get ” this .
Is this just , like , a thing for straight people ?
Can you imagine a queer cornering you and getting all up in your face about “ Well , what does it mean that you ’re a lesbian ? ”
IT ’S NOT THAT COMPLICATED .
Anyways , Herek and his h8er more or less agree that gayness is “ patterns of behavior and identity as well as enduring patterns of affections , ” and “ not fleeting , something that constitutes a significant period of a person ’s life . ”
We go on for a while about the difference between perceived identity and personal identity , about whether an individual person may or may not identify with the Big Happy LBGTQQIASXW Family , and whether or not it is okay to use the word “ gay ” to describe gay people .
Blah blah blah Kinsey scale , it can be “ a useful way to think about sexuality , ” yes the three labels of gay , lesbian and bi can be “ oversimplifications . ”
I feel like this is n’t even about the case , I feel like this Nielson dude is just VERY CURIOUS .
Ok ok ok , now we are talking about people who do n’t identify as LGBT .
Herek confirms that there are people who have same - sex attractions but do n’t act on them , like men who have sex with men but do n’t identify as gay .
I feel like the groups they are talking about are just “ truckers , ” “ inmates ” and “ unhappy people , ” but I ’m sure this is an important point for them or something , so .
Herek does not seem super into answering questions the way the h8er clearly wants him to , and so the lawyer just kind of starts talking on his own : “ Indeed , two leading researchers in this area estimated that only half of those who have same sex sexually identify as lesbian , gay or bi . ”
Um , indeed !
Was one of those “ researchers ” a blog that Mr. Tam found on Ask Jeeves in 2002 ?
We may never know .
Luckily Herek ( I keep wanting to nickname him , like Herkman , or the Herkmeister , or the H - Train ) is on it :
“ Among youth we see embracing of the word queer , and they use that as a label of description and yet that was an epithet .
Youth self identify as queer , so gay , lesbian and bi may not be fully applicable . “
He really dislikes the Prop 8 lawyers .
But maybe that is just because they are dumb :
N : I have a copy of the book here .
Do I have to show it ?
Judge :
Let ’s let the witness make that decision .
H : I would like to see the book .
Judge :
Do you have a copy ?
N : No .
Um what ?
What is this , poker ?
Clue ?
Liquor in the rear ?
Also the lawyer has not asked an actual question in like ten minutes now , he is just going on about that f*cking book .
Judge is getting a little impatient .
“ Why do n’t we try a question ? ” Yes , why do n’t we .
Blah blah blah , he talks about how “ consistent ” someone has to be before they are defined as hetero or homo .
“ Do you agree that if a person had as many same - sex as hetero partners since 18 , they are lgb ? ” I mean , why ?
What is your deal , dude ?
I guess they are trying to prove that “ sexuality is fluid ” because they think that is code for “ you can change your sexual orientation if you want to . ”
So I guess that ’s the solution you guys .
When you ’re ready to get married , just flow your ass on over to the straight side .
I am getting progressively less and less worried about the Prop 8 side and more and more embarrassed for them .
Does this guy have a bisexual girlfriend and he ’s really afraid that she ’s going to leave him for some vadge ?
We ’ll never know .
Regardless this is n’t therapy so let ’s get going .
Rick Jacobs thinks that “ he wants to make clear that if there is same - sex marriage , we ’ll not have a good definition of homos . ”
I ’m not arguing with him , but is that real ?
Is that a thing ?
Do they have a file cabinet on us somewhere in a basement , and their world will fall apart if they have to change the index cards ?
Maybe I ’m just not getting this , but is there a reason why this matters ?
Also , man , whatever else you might want to say about the h8ers , they are defo terrible scientists .
N : Reads from Badgett :
Do you agree that someone who has had as many same sex as opposite sex partners is not strictly hetero ?
H : Probably depends upon the number of partners in each group .
If a person reports having had one of each in their whole life , it could be difficult to determine because we do n’t know when they had those relationships .
Could have had one or other a long time ago , and we do n’t know length of time of each .
Ca n’t know without looking at the data set .
N : Leaving aside the data set , do you agree that as many same sex as hetero partners mean they are not hetero ?
H : You ca n’t leave aside the data set .
Even I know that !
And I ’m an English major !
Look , honestly , all of this is ridiculous , even the judge has been asking “ When might be a good time to take a break ? ” for ten minutes now .
I ’m not going to recap this , pretend it ’s a commercial break or something .
I will mention , though , that aside from the fact that the last half hour has been a huge waste of time arguing about whether each individual person is L or G or B or ALL THE COLORS OF THE WIND , Rick Jacobs makes one really important point : Nielson does n’t even realize this , but he ’s proving our case .
He ’s spent what feels like my entire night talking about “ the definition of homosexuality ” and presumably how it will affect “ the definition ” of marriage , but you know what ?
Have you ever heard anyone talk about the definition of heterosexuality ?
No .
Because it does n’t matter .
I mean , what is the point ?
Honestly , what is he trying to say ?
That if we do n’t know who ’s straight and who ’s gay that people will just go marrying whoever they want , willy - nilly , doing whatever their feelings and heart tell them to do ?
I ’m sorry , but I just ca n’t get upset about that .
I do n’t understand who would .
And defining sexuality by how many same - sex or opposite - sex partners you ’ve had ?
Hello but the proverbial Lonely Lez in the midwest who might have only one willing lady partner in a 50 mile radius of her home could be as gay as blazes and still end up boning more dudes than chicks because it ’s boring in the cornfields , right ?
I mean really if we ’re all bisexual , then should n’t all of us bisexuals get to choose who we want to marry from our total pool of prospectives instead of from just one gender OH MY GOD NEVER MIND IT DOESN ’T MATTER .
THIS IS SO IRRELEVANT .
We have a quick break in which the judge asks our lawyer “ So if the defendants finish their cross 90 minutes before 4 P.M. , you ’ll finish your case today ? ”
Based on his answer , it ’s not clear if this will actually happen , but it does mean we are apparently super close to this being over , like there is maybe only one more day of this trial .
And I have to be honest , as far as I can tell , the h8ers have not done a single impressive ( or even just not embarrassing thing ) yet .
I ca n’t say for sure that we wo n’t end up losing again and that I wo n’t end up crying and drinking on a Wednesday at 3 pm again , but I am cautiously optimistic !
Anyways , back to the dumb - as - a - pile - of - rocks cross-examination that has been going on .
The h8er has asked a million times if there is a “ real ” definition of homosexuality , and Herek has answered “ Yes , but it ’s a little complicated ” one million different ways , and we are all bored .
Apparently the Encylopedia is on trial .
Then , this happens : “ Given measurement problems , one could seriously doubt that sexual orientation is a serious concept at all .
Do you think that is unreasonable ? ”
ALL IN FAVOR SAY AYE .
First of all , this is stupid because they ’ve done a terrible job proving that “ measurement problems ” exist .
Second of all , are they impaired somehow in their thinking ?
Like , is this making sense to anyone ?
That ’s like taking the fact that racial differences have no genetic basis ( which is true ) and then deciding that because of this , racism does n’t exist .
Am I wrong ?
If sexual orientation were n’t a “ serious concept , ” y’all crazy motherf * ckers would not be freaking out about your daughter marrying a f*cking princess .
Why should you even care ?
Does n’t that mean she gets to be a princess too ?
That would be awesome .
I was n’t sure what their point was for a long time , but now I see that was because their point was f*cking stupid .
Really ?
You ’re trying to prove that the entire IDEA of sexual orientation is made up ?
I do n’t even know what to say .
They should replace that show Are You Smarter Than A Fifth Grader with Are You Smarter Than A Proposition 8 Attorney , Yes You Are .
Basically , what they ’re going on here is that the functional definition of homosexuality that ’s used for research relies upon more than one factor , which does not make it a fuzzy definition by any means , just an accurate and multidimensional one .
I hate people who are afraid of complicated things .
And also that there are some people who have been observed to “ engage in same - sex sex ” ( does anyone else feel like this makes us sound like fruit flies or something in a lab ? ) without identifying as gay .
Okay .
So what ?
You would think that after listening to Dr. Meyer bring some righteous gay knowledge into that courtroom , they would understand that the enormous , monolithic , glacier - like immobile social forces of homophobia and stigma mean that a lot of people are hesitant to identify as anything .
If there ’s no reliable definition of homosexuality , it is your fault !
Maybe I ’m just tired , is it me or does this really not make sense at all in any way shape or form ?
Or is it just that I ’m trying really hard to figure out what any of this has to do with sexuality and I ’m totally failing ?
Part Three :
Apparently it ’s Tangent Day
Now we ’re talking about “ Miss Steer ’s testimony , ” I ’m sorry , who the f*ck is Miss Steer ?
Did we talk about her , and I missed it ?
Oh wait maybe she is one of the plaintiffs , it is embarrassing that I do not know that .
She is a lesbo but WAS MARRIED TO A MAN ONCE OMG , and apparently has been quoted as saying both that she loved him when she married him , and that she wanted to have a meaningful marriage to him .
The h8er clearly thinks this is a SMACKDOWN , that he just proved that all it takes is a little elbow grease to learn to love dick .
He ’s wrong , though , because I totally had a crush on Tobias in the Animorphs series when I was 13 and he ’s not even real but anyway he ’s a hawk now , it happens to the best of us , you can like anybody by accident .
Herek agrees :
“ That ’s what I ’ve been saying all morning .
People are raised to think they are supposed to be hetero . ”
Thankyouverymuch .
The h8er also reads from Steer ’s testimony that she had to have a certain amount of same - sex experience before she identified as gay .
I think the problem here is that this guy is fundamentally dumb or just wildly misinformed .
Like , I think that what he thinks that means is “ she had to practice a lot before she was able to be a real lesbian . ”
Which , if he believes that is true , I understand why he would be confused .
Why ca n’t you just log a few dozen hours and turn straight again ?
This would be relevant in a trial over the ethics of gay conversion camp .
Unfortunately this is not that trial , so what the fuck are we doing here .
Herek corrects him : “ What she ’s describing here is that she experienced these attractions as an enduring pattern .
Once she saw that enduring pattern , she gave that enduring pattern a name . ”
I really wish the attorney actually listened to that and thought about it , but I think that ’s too much to ask .
More cold hard truth from H - Money :
“ In this study ( over ten years of women ) , she recruited women who called themselves bisexual , lesbian or hetero .
She says that the patterns of sexual attraction by women remains fairly static .
Most of movement was between groups who moved from bisexual to unlabeled [ girl , do n’t I know it ] .
Very few if any who adopted a label changed from lesbian to heterosexual .
This is about labeling , not about attraction .
In other words , the change took place from labeling , not attraction . ”
Can we please be done now ?
OMG what if this never endsssssss .
There has been one study ever where a large number of people said their sexuality changed , and they were obvs very religious .
I do n’t know where those people are now , but I bet they are unhappy .
We ’ll pray for them .
Oh Lord , not only are we not done , we are getting even worse .
He ’s putting up a letter from Freud in 1935 as evidence .
Firstly , I ’m sure I could find a lot of things from 1935 that would go against most everything that is accepted in modern society besides like the best techniques for making jam .
Secondly um , did n’t Freud think the reason women were sad was that they had a bad attitude about getting raped ?
Is this really where we want to be getting our information on anything ?
Even after a quick little exchange in which Herek confirms , again , “ that current interventions that have been designed for the purpose of changing [ sexual orientation ] have not shown to be effective .
Certainly , due to societal stigma , some have said they want to change , but we have not seen it work and it is not safe , ” Nielson still wants to look at this f*cking letter .
Apparently Freud says “ in a certain number of cases we can succeed in lighting the germs of heterosexuality present in every homosexual . ”
The dude thought heterosexuality was a germ .
I would not call this the frontier of scientific discovery on this matter .
Is this the best they can do ?
Also , oh my GOD you people , even FREUD did n’t believe in conversion therapy .
Later in the letter it says “ What analysis can do for your son is to bring him harmony and peace of mind whether or not he remains homosexual . ”
Freud was a crazy motherf * cker with a cocaine addiction and serious mommy issues , and even he managed to figure this out .
What is your deal ?
Also Freud had an agenda .
A Dude Who Wants to Get Laid Agenda .
This cross-examination may literally never end .
It ’s like Groundhog Day or something , except it ’s Ask The Witness What The Basis For Sexual Orientation Is Day , and it will happen over and over again until I die .
Now they ’re talking about the education rate and income rate of gays , and Nielson is pushing really hard and being really disagreeable about , like , whether a family ’s economic status might make them more statistically likely to be accepting of homosexuality .
( Or , as it ’s phrased literally in the transcript , “ A family ’s economic status might allow for more homo . ” )
What would it even mean if that were true ?
That our sexual orientations came from Sotheby ’s , us rich people were able to buy them at auction ?
Is there some kind of plan to their line of questioning , or are they just zigzagging trying to confuse and exhaust their prey so they can kill it and then store it in a tree to eat later ?
And if people only feel safe coming out when they have the financial stability to not need community support systems ISN ’T THAT AN ISSUE ?
Now he ’s asking about a study done that apparently implies that women ’s sexuality is more affected by environmental factors than men — “ erotic plasticity , ” we ’re calling it .
This is annoying because now if we lose I ’ll feel like it ’s our fault for being plastic erotic or something .
Also , while I guess it ’s possible that that ’s true , I feel like it ignores a lot of things about what life is actually like for women ?
Women have historically had many , many fewer choices in a lot of arenas , and sexuality is definitely one of them .
When you say our sexuality is “ affected by environmental factors , ” do you just mean that a lot of decisions about our sexuality are made for us , depending on the environment we ’re in ?
Like , depending on the part of the world you live in , you might very well be “ straight ” because you have to get married , and you have to marry a man .
Or you might be “ bisexual ” instead of a lesbian because it ’s hip for girls like Ke$ha and Marisa on the OC to date girls sometimes but actual dykes are n’t acceptable .
Or you might be a lesbian instead of bisexual because in the area where you live , men are so threatened by the idea that you ever ate pussy that they refuse to date you .
Is this making sense ?
I guess it just rings a little false to hear someone say “ Those women !
They just have sooooo many options when it comes to their sexuality , and they just try everything out ! ”
Thank sweet Lord Jesus , that cross-examination finally ended .
We get to redirect now !
Obvs there is some good stuff here , our lawyer confirms that a lot of the same labeling / identity / definition issues come up in studies on race and ethnicity , and no one argues that those social categories do n’t exist ( except I guess Glenn Beck , but he also spells Glen wrong , so ) , and that while there is like one study ever that makes it look like some people have changed their sexual orientation , it ’s not super legit , and it ’s better just to rely on the APA information , which says conversion therapy is wacko like tobacco .
All that is good , but really , you only need to know this .
D : If two women want to marry each other , is it a reasonable assumption that they are lesbians ?
Herek : Yes .
D : Is it a reasonable assumption that if two men want to marry they are gay ?
Herek : Yes .
D : I have no further questions .
Ok !
And we ’re done !
Which is good , because I have n’t seen the most recent episode of 30 Rock , and I would like to do that now .
Our side is going to do 90 more minutes of presentation on Monday , and then the other side is going to start calling witnesses , like that Blankenhorn guy .
I think these are their only two witnesses ?
Lord , I hope so .
I think they are both just dudes who believe in conversion therapy , which is obvs not real like the jackalope , so maybe we can finish this up soon .
Yes !
Have a good weekend !
Make safe choices !
Watch out for h8ers !
2009 was a year of ups and downs for Yahoo search .
While we wait for the Yahoo / Microsoft search deal to take effect , we know that Yahoo still holds firm as the number two search site , with 18.8 % market share ( to Google 's 64.9 % ) according to October data from comScore .
Interestingly enough , Yahoo has just followed Microsoft 's lead and released their top search data for 2009 .
They 've just published their top 10 overall searches , as well as a top lists across a number of different categories like mobile , the economy , and Obama - specific searches .
While Yahoo top searches definitely depict some hot memes and internet sensations for 2009 — think Michael Jackson , Megan Fox , Twilight , and Cash for Clunkers — Twitter is surprisingly absent from all of the top 10 lists .
Clearly ,
Yahoo searchers are a very different bunch when it comes to their curiosity around the micro medium that made such a macro impact on pop culture and mainstream media this year .
The Top 10 Searches
Top 10 Overall Searches for 2009
1. Michael Jackson
2 . Twilight 3 . WWE 4 . Megan Fox 5 . Britney Spears 6 . Naruto 7 . American Idol 8 . Kim Kardashian 9 . NASCAR 10 .
Runescape
Top 10 Mobile Searches for 2009
1. Megan Fox 2 . Mobile Games 3 . Michael Jackson 4 . Movies 5 . Rihanna 6 . Mail 7 . Lady Gaga 8 . NFL 9 . Ringtones 10 .
iPhone
Top 10 Economy - Related Searches for 2009
1. Coupons 2 . Unemployment 3 . Stimulus Plan 4 . Cash for Clunkers 5 . Student Loans 6 . IRS Refund 7 . Foreclosures
8 . Government Jobs 9 . Bernard Madoff 10 .
Health Care Bill
Top Obama Searches for 2009
1. Obama Inauguration 2 . Obama Biography 3 . Obama Speech 4 . Obama Stimulus Plan 5 . Obama Family 6 . Obama Health Care Reform 7 . Obama Approval Ratings 8 . Obama Facebook 9 . Obama Overseas ( a roundup of his numerous travels ) 10 .
Obama Dramas ( a roundup of controversies )
Top 10 Celebrity Farewell Searches for 2009
1. Michael Jackson 2 . Farrah Fawcett 3 . Patrick Swayze 4 . Natasha Richardson 5 . Jett Travolta 6 . Billy Mays 7 . David Carradine 8 . Steve McNair 9 . Jade Goody 10 .
Ted Kennedy
Top 10 Sudden - Fame Searches for 2009
1. Jon & Kate Gosselin 2 . Erin Andrews 3 . Susan Boyle 4 . Kris Allen & Adam Lambert 5 . Nadya Suleman 6 . Carrie Prejean 7 . Governor Mark Sanford 8 . Portuguese Water Dog 9 . Falcon Heene 10 .
Sonia Sotomayor
Mobile Becoming Mainstream
The only social media related search to crack any of Yahoo's top 10 lists is " Obama Facebook , " which does point to a public curiosity about politics and social media .
But , while " iPhone " and a number searches related to people who fascinated the web , like Susan Boyle and Balloon Boy , Falcon Heene , made their marks in terms of search , social media does n't appear to have prominently factored into the search equation for Yahoos .
It 's probably fair to conclude that Yahoo searchers are more mainstream , less interested in Twitter , and more curious about pop culture , than Bing searchers .
One interesting thing to pay attention to , however , are the Yahoo mobile searches for 2009 .
A careful look at this category paints a very compelling picture for the rise of the mobile web and its adoption by mainstream users .
There is a definite overlap in popular searches for the web and mobile , which supports findings and predictions that the mobile web is taking over the world .
Searches also highlight a growing mobile demand for consuming multimedia content , especially games and entertainment , on mobile devices .
From Bulbanews , your community Pokémon newspaper .
Possible Generation V game on its way
Article Discussion Report error Friday , January 29 , 2010 Reported on Bulbanews by Archaic
This article is breaking news .
Some contents may change — be sure to check back regularly .
Link to this article
The Pokémon Company announced today that a brand - new Pokémon RPG is set to be released later this year for the Nintendo DS .
The original press release , along with Junichi Masuda 's Blog entry on the announcement , have now both been translated by Bulbagarden webmaster Archaic .
Given the mention of new Pokémon being included , and the statements that these games will be an " inventive rebirth " of the series and that the staff are " doing their best to exceed every Pokémon game before now " , it would now appear that this is indeed an announcement for a fifth generation of main series games as was first speculated .
This would be an interesting turn for the series to take , as two generations have never shared the primary console ; while Generation II could be played on a regular Game Boy , it was designed with the Game Boy Color in mind .
The February 2010 edition of CoroCoro , due out in only a few weeks , is set to reveal a " surprising announcement " , which will be related to this game , as well as the upcoming Pokémon movie , Phantom Ruler Z .
In addition , we now know that the episode of Pokémon Sunday to be broadcast on February 7th will include an appearance from Junichi Masuda himself , though no specific details have been released about what may be released here as of yet .
With no Generation V Pokémon yet revealed , this would make for the shortest amount of time between the revelation of a brand - new Pokémon and its debut in the main series should these games be Generation V .
Press Release Translation
“ Pocket Monsters series all new production under development for release by the end of 2010 2010 , January 29th
The latest news from Pokémon Company Managing Director Ishihara Tsunekazum the developers of the Pokémon series Game Freak , and Distributors Nintendo , is that the new work in the series is under development for release on the Nintendo DS by the end of 2010 .
Since the first games in the series , Pokémon Red and Green in 1996 , the distinctive characteristics of the games around the world has changed , with trading and battling between different versions .
Customers around the world have rated the games highly , and around the world over 130,000,000 Pokémon games have been sold .
Pokémon games for Nintendo DS have made use of the two screens , touch screen and Wi-Fi features in their play .
The new games , the first completely new work to be released since the release of Pokémon Diamond and Pearl 4 years ago , games which have sold 17,150,000 copies ( 5,800,000 games in Japan ) , are planned as an inventive rebirth , featuring completely new ways to play and new Pokémon .
Please look forward to game details and news from now until release .
Game Outline :
Title : Pending
Sales Agency : Pokémon Company
Distribution : Nintendo
Development : Game Freak
Date of Release : Planned before the end of 2010
Manufacturer Suggested Retail Price : Pending
Genre : RPG
System : Nintendo DS ” -- The Pokémon Company
Junichi Masuda Blog entry
“ Number 159 Category : Announcement , Pokemon Pocket Monsters series complete new work !
Under development for release by the end of 2010 !!
http://www.pokemon.co.jp/index.html
http://www.pokemon.co.jp/info/game/g100129_02.html
Finally Japan , it has been announced without problems !!
Clap Clap Clap !!!
Though , that 's not someone elses problem ...( * sweats * )
Of course , development is all being done in - house .
Now , Game Freak 's development department are eagerly working on development with the aim to exceed every Pokemon game made before now with innovative software !
By the way , for the purpose of giving more information ...
Pokemon Diamond and Pearl have indeed really sold 17,150,000 copies around the world ( 5,800,000 copies domestically in Japan ) .
( Tokyo's population is approximately 13,000,000 ) With great enthusasium , we are trying our best to surpass Diamond and Pearl !
Everyone , please lend us your support !
Please have great expectations !
On the 7th of February ( Sunday ) , on Pokemon Sunday , Masuda will appear in an emergency video ?
Now that you know , please watch it .
You should be able to get some news !
Ciao ! ” -- Junichi Masuda
The folks at the national Ignition Facility decided to demonstrate fusion by focusing the energy of 192 super powerful lasers onto a tiny target .
They certainly proved their concept by producing a one megajoule laser shot .
Yeah , that 's pretty powerful .
Advertisement
This demonstration is being proclaimed as a " key step towards nuclear fusion " by the National Nuclear Security Administration .
After all , this is apparently the first time such a level of laser energy was reached .
More experiments will occur in the summer of this year , but you can start with the pewpew jokes now .
[ Physorg ]
Laser beam pictured is not the 1 megajoule beam , instead it 's a picture by Daily Galaxy
Set 58 years before Battlestar Galactica , Caprica follows two rival families - the Graystones and the Adamas - as they grow , compete , and thrive in the vibrant world of the peaceful 12 Colonies , living in a society close to our own .
Entangled in the burgeoning technology of artificial intelligence and robotics that will eventually lead to the creation of the Cylons , the two houses go toe - to - toe , blending action with corporate conspiracy and sexual politics .
When we talk about making healthier homes , we may consider reducing household chemicals , using sunlight to our advantage , or choosing better foods to stock the pantry .
But we all have one place we live that ’s even more intimate than our physical spaces — our own minds .
Our minds are our most fundamental homes , and our lives are shaped by the environments we create through our thoughts and perspectives .
While there are certainly benefits to clearing physical clutter , clearing clutter from our mental / emotional environments is even more critical to our health .
Although mental health issues affect people of all genders , studies find that women suffer disproportionately to men in many measures of mental health .
According to Psychology Today , 10 percent of women suffer from post - traumatic stress disorder , as compared with 4 percent of men , often related to physical or sexual assault or abuse .
Women suffer more from anxiety ( 31 percent compared with 19 percent of men ) and depression ( 12 percent versus 6 percent ) , as well .
And , because our bodies and minds are parts of an interconnected system , stress , anxiety and depression are also linked with physical health .
Chronic stress can suppress the immune , digestive , sleep and reproductive systems .
It also harms our families .
In polls compiled by the American Psychological Association , 69 percent of parents say their stress has only a slight or no impact on their children , while only 14 percent of youths say their parents ’ stress does n’t bother them .
Photo by Adobe Stock / esolla
Of course , we regularly cover ways to manage mental health in this magazine : Getting daily physical exercise , practicing yoga or tai chi , meditation , gratitude journals and spending time in nature are all scientifically proven to reduce stress , anxiety and depression levels .
It ’s also important to consider the kind of environment we create for ourselves within our minds .
“ Self - talk ” is the term psychologists use to describe the messages we tell ourselves with our minds .
Negative messages may include criticizing ourselves for our appearance , blaming ourselves when bad things happen , or not believing in our own abilities .
Other negative self - talk habits include polarization , meaning we see situations as successes or failures , with no in between ; or believing others are judging us and our activities much more or more harshly than they really are .
Most of us remember the “ Saturday Night Live ” character Stuart Smalley ’s “ I ’m good enough , I ’m smart enough and , doggone it , people like me ” self - affirmations , but self - talk is n’t a joke :
Some neuroscientists believe we can use self - talk as a tool to rewire our internal environments .
While the study of how self - talk influences our lived realities is still in its infancy , scientists are starting to discover the ways we can quite literally reshape our experience of the world using our thoughts .
In a few studies , for example , researchers have found that , put into a stressful situation , people are more likely to give themselves words of encouragement if they speak to themselves in the third person ( “ You can do it , Jessica ! ” ) than using the term “ I ” ( “ There ’s no way I can do this . ” ) .
The hypothesis is that it ’s easier to be kind to others than to be kind to ourselves , and speaking in the third person creates a kind of distance between ourselves and our thoughts .
So remember , we do n’t just create the homes we want by decluttering and decorating .
We shape the world in which we live each day by the ways we think about and speak to ourselves .
It ’s worth it to make sure the most intimate spaces we design for ourselves — our minds — are the kind of safe , positive and healthy homes we deserve .
Three things I love in the May / June issue :
Natural ways to make our lives cleaner , safer and more delicious .
1. A Clean , Healthy Home for Free
A list of low - cost ways to improve your home ’s safety .
2. When the Cleaning Gets Tough
Expert - recommended techniques for tough cleaning jobs .
3. Edible Flowers and Herbs for Digestion
Simple plants to grow to reduce digestive complaints .
HARADHEERE , Somalia ( Reuters ) -
In Somalia ’s main pirate lair of Haradheere , the sea gangs have set up a cooperative to fund their hijackings offshore , a sort of stock exchange meets criminal syndicate .
Suspected pirates boats are parked on the Indian Ocean beach in Haradheere , northeast of Somalia 's capital Mogadishu , November 18 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Mohamed Ahmed
Heavily armed pirates from the lawless Horn of Africa nation have terrorized shipping lanes in the Indian Ocean and strategic Gulf of Aden , which links Europe to Asia through the Red Sea .
The gangs have made tens of millions of dollars from ransoms and a deployment by foreign navies in the area has only appeared to drive the attackers to hunt further from shore .
It is a lucrative business that has drawn financiers from the Somali diaspora and other nations -- and now the gangs in Haradheere have set up an exchange to manage their investments .
One wealthy former pirate named Mohammed took Reuters around the small facility and said it had proved to be an important way for the pirates to win support from the local community for their operations , despite the dangers involved .
“ Four months ago , during the monsoon rains , we decided to set up this stock exchange .
We started with 15 ‘ maritime companies ’ and now we are hosting 72 .
Ten of them have so far been successful at hijacking , ” Mohammed said .
“ The shares are open to all and everybody can take part , whether personally at sea or on land by providing cash , weapons or useful materials ... we ’ve made piracy a community activity . ”
Haradheere , 400 km ( 250 miles ) northeast of Mogadishu , used to be a small fishing village .
Now it is a bustling town where luxury 4x4 cars owned by the pirates and those who bankroll them create honking traffic jams along its pot-holed , dusty streets .
Somalia ’s Western - backed government of President Sheikh Sharif Ahmed is pinned down battling hard - line Islamist rebels , and controls little more than a few streets of the capital .
Slideshow ( 3 images )
The administration has no influence in Haradheere -- where a senior local official said piracy paid for almost everything .
“ Piracy - related business has become the main profitable economic activity in our area and as locals we depend on their output , ” said Mohamed Adam , the town ’s deputy security officer .
“ The district gets a percentage of every ransom from ships that have been released , and that goes on public infrastructure , including our hospital and our public schools . ”
RISK VS REWARDS
In a drought - ravaged country that provides almost no employment opportunities for fit young men , many are been drawn to the allure of the riches they see being earned at sea .
Abdirahman Ali was a secondary school student in Mogadishu until three months ago when his family fled the fighting there .
Given the choice of moving with his parents to Lego , their ancestral home in Middle Shabelle where strict Islamist rebels have banned most entertainment including watching sport , or joining the pirates , he opted to head for Haradheere .
Now he guards a Thai fishing boat held just offshore .
“ First I decided to leave the country and migrate , but then I remembered my late colleagues who died at sea while trying to migrate to Italy , ” he told Reuters .
“ So I chose this option , instead of dying in the desert or from mortars in Mogadishu . ”
Haradheere ’s “ stock exchange ” is open 24 hours a day and serves as a bustling focal point for the town .
As well as investors , sobbing wives and mothers often turn up there seeking news of male relatives missing in action .
Every week , Mohammed said , gang members and equipment were lost to the sea .
But he said the pirates were not deterred .
“ Ransoms have even increased in recent months from between $ 2 - 3 million to $ 4 million because of the increased number of shareholders and the risks , ” he said .
“ Let the anti-piracy navies continue their search for us .
We have no worries because our motto for the job is ‘ do or die ’ . ”
Piracy investor Sahra Ibrahim , a 22 - year - old divorcee , was lined up with others waiting for her cut of a ransom pay - out after one of the gangs freed a Spanish tuna fishing vessel .
“ I am waiting for my share after I contributed a rocket - propelled grenade for the operation , ” she said , adding that she got the weapon from her ex-husband in alimony .
“ I am really happy and lucky .
I have made $ 75,000 in only 38 days since I joined the ‘ company ’ . ”
State of Emergency in six provinces of Cusco and all of Apurímac
Weather service reports rain around 67 % in excess of the norm
To preserve the safety of tourists , Machu Picchu and the Inca trail are closed until further notice
600 people rescued from Aguas Calientes by helicopters , 3000 tourists and locals are trapped
Cusco looses $ 1 m per day in revenue , local crops wiped out – $ 350 m total cost of the disaster
At least 20 people dead , including one foreign tourist , and more than 28,000 left homeless
Note :
To see the latest updates , click here or scroll down … the newer ones are at the bottom .
Cusco and neighbouring Apurímac slowly drown .
The heavy rain that has affected the entire country , be it in Lima , or recently in Cusco , has only gotten worse and reached the scale of natural disaster .
Two weeks of heavy rain in Cusco caused archaeological sites to be affected , and several families to loose their homes .
In the past few days , the deluge has reached such proportions than rivers have burst their banks and landslides and rubbed the homes of the poor off the landscape .
In the provinces of Cusco , Urubamba , Calca , Canchis , Quispicanchi , La Convención and Anta – bridges have been washed away , roads turned into rivers , crops of corn destroyed and people left cut off .
Yesterday afternoon , central government finally declared the entire region to be in a state of emergency .
They estimate the total cost of damages could be in the region of S/.40 million soles or $ 15 million dollars .
A government delegation has been sent to the region , led by leader of the cabinet Javier Velazquez Quesquen , to organise relive efforts and bring supplies to those cut off , as well as rescue stranded tourists in Machu Picchu .
Last train out : Amazing Video
Amazing videos filmed by tourists taking the train back from Machu Picchu before river levels rose further and wiped out the tracks .
Rolling updates
2010-01 -26 9:41 am – Argentinian tourist and guide killed on the Inca Trail
A landslide of heavy rocks loosened by rainfall has killed an Argentinian tourist and his guide on the Inca Trail , it has been reported .
Identified as Lucila Ramballo Carlo , the 20 year old woman was crushed in her tent while sheltering from the deluge .
Here tour guide , Washington Huaraya Cusihuamán died along side her .
Three others were injured at the site of Inti Punku .
Authorities in Aguas Calientes , below the ruins of Machu Picchu , were able to recover the bodies .
2010-01-26 10:22 am – More than 60 tourist airlifted out of Aguas Calientes
Authorities in Aguas Calientes , below the ruins of Machu Picchu , have reported that those injured or in a weaker condition are the first to be airlifted out of the area and back to Cusco .
So far , El Comercio has reported 66 stranded tourists have been rescued from the town while news agency RPP cites government sources that as many as 10 helicopters will be taking part in the operation from Wednesday .
Machu Picchu is currently closed and there is no access to the site from Cusco .
2010-01-26 10:49 am – BBC : Video of rescued tourists arriving in Ollantaytambo
The BBC has the following report , as well as video of rescued tourists arriving in Ollantaytambo , where despite landslides , a road connection is being kept open to Cusco .
2010-01-26 11:32 am – Apurímac in bad shape
Somewhat forgotten Apurímac , which does n’t receive many tourists is also in bad shape .
Roads and bridges and been washed out , and loss of lives and homes remains to be investigated .
Towns and cities are currently cut off from one another , all the regions rivers , along side which people live , are thought to have severely burst their banks .
The region has also been declared under a state of emergency , and on major efforts are under to get those stranded on buses to their destinations using heavy machinery .
However … the rain continues .
2010-01-26 10:53 am – Heavy flooding in Urubamba : Photos
Parts of Urubamba find themselves under water due to extreme swelling of the river .
See the photos by Carlos José Rey here .
2010-01-26 10:56 am – KnK Explore posts video of Urubamba ’s unsteady bridge
Blog KnK Explore have posted video from Daniel24580 of the swelling Urubamba river .
2010-01-26 12:13 pm – Cusco looses $ 1 m per day , crops wiped out
Between $ 750,000 and $ 1,000,000 – the daily sum Cusco is missing out on because of the heavy rains that have punished the region for more than a week .
The amount reflects the complete collapse of the tourist industry in both the Sacred Valley ( Pisaq , Urubamba , Calca , Ollantaytambo ) and the closure of Machu Picchu .
This amount does not include the damage to the areas agricultural activity .
80 % of crops are said to have been wiped out , and just as harvest of Cusco famous corn was about to get underway .
2010-01-26 12:29 pm – Bridges gone – Pisac , Sacred Valley cut off
The bridge that spans the river providing access to Pisaq and the rest of the Sacred Valley has been destroyed .
The other main bridge at Ollantaytambo is now also reported to have been washed away by the force of the river .
There is currently no access at all to the Sacred Valley with all towns having been cut off from Cusco , and each cut off from one another by damaged roads and rail links .
Ollantaytambo – the location to which thousands of tourists were being moved to from Aguas Calientes and Machu Picchu ( with the now lost hope of bringing tourists by road to Pisaq then Cusco ) is now without electricity as power cables have been destroyed .
The entirety of the Sacred Valley is now only accessible by air .
This amount does not include the damage to the areas agricultural activity .
80 % of crops are said to have been wiped out , and just as harvest of Cusco famous corn was about to get under way .
2010-01-26 12:42 pm – Lucre , Cusco under water – VIDEO
2010-01-26 2:57 pm – Photos : ElCaminerito.com
Photos of rain - damaged Sipaspuquio , Independencia y Huacarpay
2010-01 - 26 3:36 pm – Many towns completely destroyed , thousands homeless
This video by multimediatonio shows what was once the town of Huacarpay .
“ Wiped off the map ” , multimeditonio informs .
The valley has been turned into a lagoon , with the river overflowing leaving many thousands homeless .
Locals have fled up the surrounding hills , in the continuing rain , with no food , no water and no shelter .
No help is in sight as authorities apparently try to the salvage the economic hopes of the region by dedicating resources to evacuating foreign tourists .
2010-01 - 26 3:55 pm – Puno , Huacavelica – disaster more widespread than Cusco
At least 4 people are reported dead in the Puno region of Peru , home to the famous Lake Titicaca .
Large amounts of damage reported and many left homeless .
Reports than in agricultural areas thousands of animals have drowned .
Severely affected are the districts of Ayaviri , Huancané , Azángaro and San Antonio de Putina .
In Huancavelica deaths are reported , hundreds have been left homeless and thousands of animals drowned .
2010-01 -26 4:19 pm – Stranded two days in the rain without food
Heavy rains washed out the road between Abancay and Cusco TWO days ago , and hundreds have been trapped on the open road without food and water since .
No help has arrived for the hundreds of bus passengers trapped near the Cunyac bridge as a stretch of 300 m of road slipped into the raging river below .
The elderly and children are most vulnerable as they have nothing to eat and drink and are completely cut off .
No rescue has appeared for these people , with most of the air - rescue efforts focused on foreign tourists .
– Luis David
2010-01 -26 4:59 pm – Travel News in Cusco
LANEWSUPDATE.COM has spoken with one of the owners of a hostel in Aguas Calientes .
Francisco Seminario of Rupawasi Condor House Eco Lodge reported via telephone that there are helicopters currently evacuating tourists at this time .
Yesterday 60 tourists were evacuated .
He stated that one of his guests reported that additional U.S. helicopters are being flown in from Colombia and hopefully will begin operations this afternoon .
The word is that they are currently in Cusco .
However , these helicopters from Colombia carry only five passengers at a time .
Another reports is that individuals were attempting to leave Aguas Calientes by foot to get to the next town which is seven miles away .
However , the military and police have stopped pedestrians from leaving due to the dangerousness of the situation .
Also , there is a cash shortage is becoming an issue as the ATMS are out of money .
Aguas Calientes has not received any new provisions in five days and the situation is becoming critical .
Vendors have raised prices to take advantage of the situation .
One source indicated that it is expected it may take two to three days before the evacuation is completed .
2010 -01 - 26 5:10 pm – Illness spreading in Aguas Calientes
Lack of food and water , as well as price hikes by local businesses , is causing desperation for those stuck in the town .
Lack of food , places to sleep and even toilets has seen a number of people become ill .
Some tourist have organized themselves into groups based on their nationalities to ration supplies .
2010-01 - 26 7:59 pm – Routes opened , connections between Cusco and Ollantaytambo
Road clearances and use of alternate routes when available , mean land routes are now open from Ollantaytambo to Cusco , allowing supplies to get into the sacred valley and people to get out .
There are still as many as 2000 trapped in Aguas Calientes , still inaccessible by its single train connection .
Ferried out by helicopters , their rescue may take days .
2010-01 - 26 8:45 pm – Many tourists evacuated
As many as 600 tourists have been able to leave Aguas Calientes it has now been reported by authorities , with the total number still there around the 1000 mark .
Evacuation efforts have been praised by many tourists .
2010-01 - 26 8:46 pm – Heavy damage , huge costs
Rain in the past three days is estimated to have caused S/.800 million soles or $ 300 million dollars in damage .
2010-01 - 26 11:09 pm – Body of Argentinian killed in flooding taken to Lima
The body of the Argentinian tourist who died on the Inca trail along with his tour guide in the worst rains Cusco has seen in decades , is to have his body flown to Lima to be taken on to Buenos Aires .
2010-01-26 11:16 pm – People of Cusco region feel abandoned
As more and more of the people of the southern Andes find themselves under water as rivers swell yet further , anger is growing that thousands of people are without food , shelter or water and have received no help at all in the past two days .
2010-01-26 11:18 pm – Colombia offers help
As 10,000 people are left sleeping hungry in the rain , completely ignored by international media , aid agencies and other countries , Colombia is the first to offer assistance to Peru in dealing with the crisis .
“ Peru ? is that even a real place ? ”
2010-01-27 09:54 am – River levels dropping
River levels are reported to be dropping somewhat for now , heavy machinery has cleared a path from Ollantaytambo to Pisac .
Though there is still no connection beyond Ollantaytambo to Aguas Calientes and Machu Picchu .
Peruvian weather service reports that more rain is coming , and February will be worse .
2010-01-27 3:42 pm – Funds
Central government has allocated S/.13.2 million for families affected by the floods .
Some 10,000 are said to have been left homeless across the region .
2010-01 - 27 6:42 pm – Brazil offers help
The Brazilian government is offering helicopters to aid in any rescue efforts .
2010-01 - 27 8:51 pm – United States apologies
The US embassy in Peru has apologized for sending helicopters to the flood region to rescue only US citizens and not help others in need based on health or age .
“ We should n’t have done that ” , they say , after having evacuated all US nationals .
2010-01-28 12:01 pm – Still up to 1000 tourists trapped in Aguas Calientes
Authorities report those stranded in Aguas Calientes now number around 1000 .
Tourists there complain of a lack of food and water , and Peruvian authorities admit as much but state that they are safe for now .
2010-01 -28 8:40 pm – Two More Days
All tourists who remain stranded at Aguas Calientes will be evacuated within two days , Peru ’s Transport and Communications minister reports .
This week some 1,200 tourists have been rescued , with about another thousand to go .
Additional air traffic controllers have been brought into the area to increase the number of helicopters that are able to fly safely .
2010-01-29 9:20 am – Every little helps
“ I know there are a lot of people affected by these floods , but sometimes it helps just to focus on a few people to help directly . ” – Bradley Joyce , who has friends in the region , asks for your help for Paulina .
Donate to her here .
2010-01 - 29 10:40 am – Communities are help themselves
See how communities in Cusco are helping themselves in the wake of the devastating disaster completely ignored by the wider world and by aid agencies .
2010-01-29 12:40 pm – Emergency declared in Huancayo
Cusco is not the only region is need of help .
Disaster zones span the vast regions of Puno , Apurímac , Huacavelica and now Junín .
A State of Emergency has de been declared in Huancayo .
Unknown number of dead and destitute .
2010-01 - 29 6:02 pm – Tourists still trapped , getting desperate
S is one of the lucky ones , insofar as she has a hotel room .
Most others do n’t .
There are lots of tourists sleeping wherever they can get a space .
But in Machu Picchu at this time , nothing is certain .
“ I ’m going back to my hotel , ” she told me earlier .
“ That is , if somebody has n’t paid more money for it while I ’ve been out . ”
Like almost everything else in the village , any form of comfort comes at a premium .
Hotel rooms are exchanging hands for ever - increasing sums of money , as is food .
Supplies are dwindling and nobody knows how much is left .
Anything that remains on the shelf is being marked up to double , sometimes triple the price .
Not everybody can afford the food at the original price .
Many tourists arrived with minimal money , expecting only to spend a day or two .
Now their cash has run out and the ATMs are not dispensing .
A small amount of food and water made it through on the US plane and has been distributed out .
Even if you get your hands on some food , there ’s no guarantee it ’ll be edible .
The gas supply is down in Machu Picchu , so nobody can cook anything .
So , everybody waits .
After three days , S finally found six other British tourists , staying in a tent , which has raised her spirits somewhat .
The Australians , of which there are many , have headed mainly for the bar and there ’s even a slight party atmosphere .
As S said , they can either sit around and be miserable or try to make the best out of a bad situation .
But , for all the new friendships made , there is genuine concern about what will happen the longer the village remains cut off and no help arrives .
What will happen when supplies get lower and people are fighting over the food ?
S is concerned that the jovial atmosphere could turn nasty quickly .
There already appears to be tension with the locals .
– from garyandrews.net , read more there .
2010-01-29 6:23 pm – Heavy rain non -stop from here out
Peru ’s weather service reports heavy rains to continue until at least February .
Central and Southern Andes in states of emergency .
2010-01-29 6:23 pm – Humanitarian Disaster
Across southern and central Peru some 30,000 may now have been left homeless , crops destroy and livestock drowned .
Little in the way of help has been received , but near Cusco some families now have tents and basic rations .
2010-01 - 29 6:55 pm – Machu Picchu will be out for at least 7 weeks
Pre-read : Access to Machu Picchu completely destroyed .
PeruRail estimates that with good weather conditions it could take as long as 7 weeks to repair access to Machu Picchu , so expect access to be blocked for around 3 months .
2010-01-29 7:05 pm – All Tourists Rescued
Authorities have announced that all tourists have now be evacuated from Aguas Calientes , with further checks for stragglers to take place tomorrow .
2010-01-30 8:30 am – DISASTER IN PUNO
1,500 homes have been destroyed as the river Ramis in Puno. 200 people are trapped on the roofs of their homes awaiting rescue .
Boats to be sent in by Armed Forces to mount a rescue .
2010 -01-30 4:45 pm – Machu Picchu safe
The historic site of Machu Picchu is reported to be undamaged by the heavy rains .
2010-01-31 1:02 pm – 3000 Evacuated in Puno
As the disaster spreads in Puno with some 1,500 homes destroyed and valley turning into huge lakes , 3000 are now being evacuated from the communities of Patascachi , Tuni Grande y Capaccachi as the Ramis river grows .
They are to be relocated to nearby mountain slopes and provided with tents and supplies .
Have you been affected or know someone who has ?
Do you have well - wishes or questions ?
Leave a comment below …
Similar stories Problems with INC and Monopolistic Train Travel From Cusco we planned to take the bus to Pisaq , where we would stay one night and wake up early ...
Aguas Calientes Aguas Calientes often calls itself Machu Picchu Pueblo as its sole purpose is to be a base from ...
The Fog at the Sun Gate We arrived to Machu Picchu to see it shrouded in fog .
Already exhausted from our walk from the ...
Hiking Huayna Picchu
As if climbing from Aguas Calientes to Machu Picchu , then from Machu Picchu to the Sun Gate on ...
The Long Climb to Machu Picchu
To walk to Machu Picchu from Aguas Calientes involves a steep continuous climb for an hour and ...
Cusco Greed
We arrived in Cuzco at night , with a taxi into the Plaza de Armas , and saw the cathedrals and c ...
Tags : aguas calientes , cusco , disaster , emergency , huaycos , machu picchu , tourists , train
Caspian P. and his roommates sent us a link to the newest Dungeons and Dragons ( D&D ) Playbook cover .
It seems it makes quite a departure from previous editions .
( D&D fans : I ’m reconstructing this history from here , so let me know if I make any significant mistakes in my summary . )
Various versions of the D&D Playbook –e.g. , regular or basic , advanced , and expert– have been published .
For the sake of simplicity , I ’m going to treat them all equivalently .
The first D&D Playbook ( 1971 ) :
1981 :
Playbooks from the late 1980s :
You might have noticed that the covers include fantastical creatures and male warriors and wizards … but no women .
In 2000 , ownership of the game changed hands and the new cover simply looked like this :
And then this ( 2003 ) :
And then the Playbook went the way of the Evony ads :
Caspian wrote that he ’s played D&D for years and always felt that it included great female characters .
So he was disappointed with the inclusion of a highly sexualized , part - naked woman on the recent cover , prompting him to send it to us .
Consider the new cover alongside our posts on Gossip Girl promotions , the New Beverly Hills 90210 , the Burger King shower girl , this crazy post on hot horses and puppies , and the makeovers of Dora the Explorer , Holly Hobbie , Strawberry Shortcake , and the Sun Maid .
While the military planned to be a major user of the shuttle , even developing its own launch site for it in California ( above ) , the NRO initially resisted being wholly reliant on the shuttle .
( credit : USAF ) Big Black and the new bird : the NRO and the early Space Shuttle
Within a year — give or take a few months — the shuttles will no longer be roaring through Florida skies .
The program will shut down , the orbiters will go to museums , and pundits and bloggers will jump all over each other to pontificate on the meaning of the shuttle program .
Most will declare it a mistake , some will call it a disaster .
Eventually the historians will get to it , holding symposia and writing books about the program .
Some of them will look at the shuttle ’s early origins , when it was slated to be all things to all people : cheap , reliable , responsive .
They will look at the early 1970s policy decision to place all American satellites — civilian , commercial , and military — aboard a single rocket .
And inevitably they will stumble into what is perhaps the last gaping hole in our knowledge of the shuttle ’s origins : the issues surrounding the military and intelligence communities ’ agreement to transfer all of their vital satellites to the shuttle .
There is not much information on this subject at all , so the recent declassification of several documents that discuss it is a notable development .
What makes these documents most notable is that they are apparently the first declassified US documents referring to NRO policy on using the Space Shuttle .
The documents are contained in the most recently published version of a State Department series known as Foreign Relations of the United States ( or FRUS for short ) .
FRUS is not the most voluminous source of declassified documents on historical US government activities , and space is rarely discussed in the FRUS volumes .
However , FRUS frequently contains very high - level policy documents .
The recent FRUS volume includes a chapter on space containing three documents from 1976 concerning the requirement to maintain a backup expendable launch vehicle ( ELV ) capability for military and intelligence satellites during the early introduction of the shuttle .
One of the documents is from Charles W. Cook , then the acting Director of the National Reconnaissance Office .
What makes these documents most notable is that they are apparently the first declassified US documents referring to NRO policy on using the Space Shuttle .
As students of American space policy know , the decision to build the Space Shuttle and to transfer all American satellites from a fleet of ELVs to the shuttle was one of the most important — and ill - advised — decisions in American space history .
Despite this fact , the NRO refuses to confirm or deny that it has any documents on this debate during the 1970s .
This is a policy decision , probably intended to throw up a legal barrier to the NRO — i.e. the Big Black Bureaucracy — having to slide down a slippery slope of acknowledging the obvious : that it actually launched intelligence satellites aboard more than a handful of shuttle missions .
Some of the effects of the decision to shift all American satellites to the shuttle are well known .
These include the grounding of vital American intelligence payloads after the 1986 Challenger accident .
The decision also hastened , and possibly doomed , the development of a competitive American commercial space launch capability : after Challenger , Arianespace assumed a dominant position launching commercial satellites and has never surrendered it .
But there have undoubtedly been many unseen effects as well , such as an increase in costs of intelligence satellites as they had to be redesigned to fly on the shuttle .
The new documents indicate that this was something that the intelligence community feared in the years before the shuttle started flying .
Backups and the NRO
The first of the new documents is a July 1976 memorandum from acting NRO Director Charles W. Cook to the Committee on Foreign Intelligence .
The Committee on Foreign Intelligence was an interagency committee headed by the Director of Central Intelligence , George H. W. Bush .
Cook was forwarding an NRO policy statement on the requirement for maintaining expendable launch vehicles to back up the space shuttle .
The statement declared : “ During the period of transition to the Shuttle the reliability of the Shuttle will be a major , but gradually diminishing , factor in determining requirements for expendable Shuttle backup launch vehicles .
In contrast , Shuttle vulnerability and operational and logistic restrictions will continue indefinitely to influence the need for backup boosters . ”
The policy statement then added : “ An additional requirement for expendable boosters in the Shuttle era arises out of the need to provide a quick reaction capability during crises .
In crisis periods the importance of overhead reconnaissance would increase , yet our primary reconnaissance vehicles and launch vehicles ( Shuttle ) might be neutralized . ”
Then came the kicker : “ Therefore , as a matter of policy , the NRO must extend beyond the Shuttle transition period its consideration of the requirement for expendable launch vehicles to back up the Shuttle . ”
The plan had been to shift all American satellites to the Shuttle and to retire the fleet of ELVs like Scout , Thor , Delta , Atlas , and Titan .
In fact , the economic models that showed that shuttle would be a cheaper way to launch satellites depended upon pushing all of the payloads to the shuttle .
Those models were deeply flawed , but nevertheless this was policy .
Cook and the NRO were indicating that they intended to keep at least some ELVs flying , not simply during the transition to shuttle , but beyond , possibly indefinitely , casting the previous American launch vehicle policy into question .
Cook and the NRO were indicating that they intended to keep at least some ELVs flying , not simply during the transition to shuttle , but beyond , possibly indefinitely , casting the previous American launch vehicle policy into question .
In October 1976 , Director of Central Intelligence George H. W. Bush wrote to James Lynn , the Director of the Office of Management and Budget ( OMB ) , about the issue .
Bush stated that “ estimates of the cost of transitioning the ongoing intelligence satellite programs to the Shuttle cause us some concern because they are quite high . ”
He said that a joint NASA / NRO Payload Accommodations Working Group had been established to examine “ at the engineering level many of the technical problems contributing to high transition costs for the existing program . ”
In addition , the NRO had “ programmed Shuttle transition to coincide with already planned major system upgrades in as many instances as possible , alleviating the requirement to change our existing satellite designs solely to accommodate them to the Shuttle . ”
Bush added that the intelligence community was concerned about the survivability of the shuttle .
In response , NASA began studying both an unmanned “ fly - by - wire ” launch mode for the shuttle , and “ a short duration mission which does not overfly the Soviet Union . ”
Finally , Bush noted that the shuttle did offer the intelligence community several opportunities , including the possibility of recovering and refurbishing satellites , storing spare satellites on orbit , conducting orbital experiments with new technologies , erecting large structures ( i.e. antennas ) in low orbit , and one other opportunity that remains classified .
Bush concluded the letter by stating that “ current projections for cost of Shuttle launch are considerably below the cost of conventional boosters …
We hope that these costs will not escalate . ”
Staring into the crystal ball A few days after Bush ’s letter to the OMB director , Mal Curie , the Director of Defense Research and Engineering , wrote to Bush in his capacity as chair of the Committee on Foreign Intelligence .
Curie was responding to Bush ’s request that the DoD address the issues raised by the NRO ’s July policy statement .
Curie acknowledged that backup ELVs were required during the shuttle transition period .
A new Director of the NRO , who eventually became Secretary of the Air Force , Hans Mark , finally forced the secretive office to abandon its opposition and shift its intelligence satellites to launch aboard the shuttle .
But then Curie got to the sticky issue raised by the NRO policy position .
“ It is not possible to accurately forecast in 1976 that backup ELVs to Shuttle will be or not be required in 1985 ; i.e. at the currently planned completion of NRO transition . ”
Curie noted that up to 40 shuttle missions , including 4 – 8 military payloads , would be launched before any intelligence payload flew on the shuttle .
According to Curie , it was not necessary to make a decision in October 1976 about whether to continue purchasing ELVs for NRO launches beyond 1985 .
Curie was essentially recommending kicking the can down the road and allowing the decision to be made later , by somebody else .
In November 1976 President Ford lost the election to Jimmy Carter , and Bush , Lynn , and Curie were soon gone , and a new set of officials had to take on this issue .
The NRO ’s resistance to shifting all of its payloads to the shuttle and eliminating backup ELVs continued into the Carter administration .
A new Director of the NRO , who eventually became Secretary of the Air Force , Hans Mark , finally forced the secretive office to abandon its opposition and shift its intelligence satellites to launch aboard the shuttle .
( See “ The spooks and the turkey : Intelligence community involvement in the decision to build the Space Shuttle ” , The Space Review , November 20 , 2006 . )
Perhaps when the shuttle is finally retired and the history symposiums begin , we will learn a little more about the intelligence community ’s role in one of the biggest American space policy decisions ever made .
Home
Personal data belonging to nearly 40 million UK motorists is likely to be abused by foreign officials under new automatic access powers , according to a restricted report .
Drivers ' details such as name , address , motoring convictions and some medical information will be available to more than two dozen European countries around the clock under the Prüm Convention .
Ministers have emphasised the data - sharing powers are " fundamental to our ability to tackle serious crime , terrorism and illegal immigration " , but a report commissioned by the National Policing Improvement Agency ( NPIA ) admits access to the DVLA will be uncontrolled .
" The UK is aware that this is open to abuse , and that some EU member states are likely to use the Prüm capability for inquiries beyond the defined scope of cross - border crime and counter - terrorism , " it says .
The " Issues and Risks " report , obtained by The Register using Freedom of Information laws , raises concerns that the DVLA database will be accessed directly by foreign officials for minor motoring offences and parking infringements , and that data will be sold to commercial interests such as marketing firms and private investigators .
Implementing a " gatekeeper " function to block access to personal data for trivial or commercial reasons is " not practical " , the NPIA concludes .
The NPIA , a technology quango linked to the Home Office , is currently implementing the Prüm Convention , which the government signed in June 2007 .
At first it will grant agencies in Austria , Belgium , France , Germany , Luxembourg , the Netherlands and Spain access to the DVLA database .
Eventually the whole of the EU is expected to join , including former Eastern bloc states such as Bulgaria , where official corruption is widespread .
The UK is obliged to complete its implementation of the Convention , which also mandates more controlled access to DNA and fingerprint records , by September 2011 .
The UK will gain access to vehicle databases in other countries , but the NPIA report said authorities have not yet decided how it will be used or regulated .
News that police and the government believe motorists ' personal data will be abused undermines past statements on the DVLA issued by the Information Commissioner 's Office ( ICO ) .
Responding to controversies over domestic abuse of the database in 2007 , the privacy watchdog said information should only be shared when there is " reasonable cause " to do so .
Under the Prüm Convention , however , the DVLA will have no powers to apply such a test when foreign officials trawl its records .
Dominic Grieve , the shadow justice minister , said the NPIA report showed ministers had misled the public when they signed the Convention . ®
# 743428 +( 2325 ) - [ X ] culturejammer : you know what pennies are AWESOME for ?
culturejammer : throwing at cats
culturejammer : it only costs a single penny
culturejammer : and they 'll either chase it , or get hit by it and look pissed off
culturejammer : i now use that system to value prices of things
culturejammer : for example , a thirty dollar game has to be at least as awesome as three thousand catpennies
The reason you went into business selling services to customers was to make a profit .
If you were giving away your services for less than cost , or just breaking even , you'd be operating a non -profit venture – or a business that 's likely to fail .
There are a variety of components that factor into whether or not a business is profitable , including location , leadership , market demand , competition , and so on .
But one of the most important decisions you need to make to determine whether you turn a profit or not is how to price your services .
Service businesses can range from a sole proprietorship consultancy to mid-sized businesses with several hundred employees , some of whom go out to customers and perform anything from cleaning homes to providing information technology expertise to large corporations .
Get your pricing strategy for these services wrong and you will create a problem you may never overcome .
Get it right and you will dramatically increase the likelihood of creating a business that perseveres and takes care of you financially .
" It can just destroy you if you do n't do it right , " says Charles Toftoy , an associate professor at the George Washington University School of Business and Public Management .
Toftoy has helped counsel 1,500 small businesses along with his graduate students .
" It does n't matter whether you 're putting out a novel you 've written or providing a service through a pest control company or you 're a veterinarian .
The bottom line is that pricing is extraordinarily important . "
The following pages will provide a guide to how to price your services , the benefits and risks of certain pricing structures , and how to monitor and change the pricing for your services without alienating customers .
Pricing Your Services
The good news is you have a great deal of flexibility in how you set your prices .
The bad news is there is no surefire , formula - based approach you can pull off the shelf and apply in your business .
Pricing services is more difficult than pricing products because you can often pinpoint the cost of making a physical product but it 's more subjective to calculate the worth of your counsel , your staff 's expertise , and the value of your time .
You can , however , use some of the same underlying pricing guidelines to figure out your costs and operating expenses plus your target profit in setting your price for services .
Factors to consider in pricing
When pricing services , there is a bit more leeway than pricing products .
" The price of a product is more objective .
The price of a service is more subjective so that there is a gray area , " Toftoy says .
" Pricing is both an art and a science . "
Here are the factors that experts say you should consider when trying to determine what price to charge for a service :
Cost - plus pricing .
This standard method of pricing in business seeks to first determine the cost of making a product or , in this case , providing a service , and then add an additional amount to represent the desired profit .
To determine cost , you need to figure out direct costs , indirect costs , and fixed costs .
" With the cost - plus approach , the thing to remember is that if you 're paying someone $ 11 an hour , you may think you should charge $ 11 an hour for the service they provide , but you have to factor in all your costs , " says Jerome Osteryoung , a professor of Finance at Florida State University and outreach director of the Jim Moran Institute for Global Entrepreneurship .
Those costs include a portion of your rent , utilities , administrative costs , and other general overhead costs .
" When I make a deal to sell a service , " he says , " I have to make sure to cover all my costs . "
This standard method of pricing in business seeks to first determine the cost of making a product or , in this case , providing a service , and then add an additional amount to represent the desired profit .
To determine cost , you need to figure out direct costs , indirect costs , and fixed costs .
" With the cost - plus approach , the thing to remember is that if you 're paying someone $ 11 an hour , you may think you should charge $ 11 an hour for the service they provide , but you have to factor in all your costs , " says Jerome Osteryoung , a professor of Finance at Florida State University and outreach director of the Jim Moran Institute for Global Entrepreneurship .
Those costs include a portion of your rent , utilities , administrative costs , and other general overhead costs .
" When I make a deal to sell a service , " he says , " I have to make sure to cover all my costs . "
Competitors ' pricing .
You need to be aware of what competitors are charging for similar services in the marketplace , Osteryoung says .
This information could come from competitor websites , phone calls , talking to friends and associates who have used a competitor 's services , published data , etc .
" I do n't think it 's a good idea for any entrepreneur to compete on price if you can avoid it .
Compete on service , ambiance , or other factors that set you apart , " Osteryoung says .
If you have to compete on price to win a customer , you may ask yourself whether that customer will be loyal to you if they find someone offering a service at a lower price .
You want to establish long - term relationships in the marketplace .
" You need to convince the customer that you are giving them tremendous value in terms of service and quality , " Osteryoung says .
" You just need to be aware of what the competition is charging . "
You need to be aware of what competitors are charging for similar services in the marketplace , Osteryoung says .
This information could come from competitor websites , phone calls , talking to friends and associates who have used a competitor 's services , published data , etc .
" I do n't think it 's a good idea for any entrepreneur to compete on price if you can avoid it .
Compete on service , ambiance , or other factors that set you apart , " Osteryoung says .
If you have to compete on price to win a customer , you may ask yourself whether that customer will be loyal to you if they find someone offering a service at a lower price .
You want to establish long - term relationships in the marketplace .
" You need to convince the customer that you are giving them tremendous value in terms of service and quality , " Osteryoung says .
" You just need to be aware of what the competition is charging . "
Perceived value to the customer .
This is where a lot of the subjectivity comes in when setting a price for a service .
When you have a product , you may decide to use keystone pricing , which generally takes the wholesale cost and doubles it to come up with a price to charge and account for your profit .
With a service , you can't necessarily do that .
To your customer , the important factor in determining how much they are willing to pay for a service may not be how much time you spent providing the service , but ultimately what the perceived value of that service and your expertise is to them , Osteryoung says .
That is where pricing becomes more of an art form .
Calculating your costs
Before you set a price for the services your company will provide , you need to understand your costs of providing these services to customers .
The U.S. Small Business Administration advises that the cost of producing any service is made up of the following three parts :
Materials cost .
These are the costs of goods you use in providing the service .
A cleaning business would need to factor in costs of paper towels , cleaning solutions , rubber gloves , etc .
An auto repair business would tally up the cost of supplies , such as brake pads or spark plug , which are being installed by service people .
You may want to include the material list with your estimate in bidding for a job .
These are the costs of goods you use in providing the service .
A cleaning business would need to factor in costs of paper towels , cleaning solutions , rubber gloves , etc .
An auto repair business would tally up the cost of supplies , such as brake pads or spark plug , which are being installed by service people .
You may want to include the material list with your estimate in bidding for a job .
Labor cost .
This is the cost of direct labor you hire to provide a service .
This would be the hourly wages of your cleaning crew and / or a portion of your mechanic 's salary and benefits while they were providing the service for your customer .
The SBA recommends using a time card and clock to keep tabs on the number of hours of labor involved in providing each service for a customer .
This is the cost of direct labor you hire to provide a service .
This would be the hourly wages of your cleaning crew and / or a portion of your mechanic 's salary and benefits while they were providing the service for your customer .
The SBA recommends using a time card and clock to keep tabs on the number of hours of labor involved in providing each service for a customer .
Overhead costs .
These are the indirect costs to your business in providing services to customers .
Examples include labor for other people who run the firm , whether administrative assistants or human resources personnel .
Other overhead costs include your monthly rent , taxes , insurance , depreciation , advertising , office supplies , utilities , mileage , etc .
The SBA suggests that a reasonable amount of these overhead costs should be billed to each service performed , whether in an hourly rate or a percentage .
One important thing to note : do n't just depend on figures from last year to determine your overhead costs .
You need to charge customers rates that cover your current costs , including higher salaries to employees , inflation , etc .
Determining a fair profit margin
Once you determine your costs , you need to mark up your services to ensure that you achieve a profit for your business .
This is a delicate balance .
You want to ensure that you achieve a desirable profit margin , but at the same time , particularly in a down economy , you want to make sure that your business does n't get a reputation for overcharging for services .
Osteryoung suggests that you look for resources in your industry , such as the annual statement studies on small and mid-sized business financial benchmarks from Risk Management Associates , to help you determine whether your profit margin is on target .
" The net profit margin for a specific industry might be 5 percent , so if I 'm sitting on 2 percent I need to come up a bit , " Osteryoung says .
" I need to sell services , give value , and make sure the firm runs a fair rate of return . "
Different Pricing Models
Now that you understand what it costs you to provide a service , what your competitors are charging , and how customers perceive the value of your services , it 's time to figure out whether to charge an hourly rate , a per-project rate , or try to negotiate a retainer for your services .
This may be predetermined by your industry and the type of service pricing that predominates in your sector .
For example , lawyers tend to charge hourly rates for their services , although those rates can vary .
Many construction firms charge a project fee and require that one third be paid up front , another third be paid at the half - way point , and the remaining third be paid upon completion .
Here are some benefits and risks associated with the following pricing models :
Charging an hourly rate .
For many businesses , pricing services on an hourly rate is preferred .
This ensures that you are achieving a rate of return on the actual time and labor you invest in servicing each customer .
Hourly rates are often used when you are pricing your own consulting services , instead of pricing a service that uses labor and materials from others .
Your rate should be determined by your amount of expertise and seniority ; a more senior consultant will generally be paid a higher hourly rate than a less experienced or junior consultant .
The SBA recommends that one 's travel time be included as an extra charge .
Sometimes even consultants are asked to price a service on a project or contract basis .
That contract needs to factor in clerical support , computer or other services , and overhead expenses , the SBA advices .
For many businesses , pricing services on an hourly rate is preferred .
This ensures that you are achieving a rate of return on the actual time and labor you invest in servicing each customer .
Hourly rates are often used when you are pricing your own consulting services , instead of pricing a service that uses labor and materials from others .
Your rate should be determined by your amount of expertise and seniority ; a more senior consultant will generally be paid a higher hourly rate than a less experienced or junior consultant .
The SBA recommends that one 's travel time be included as an extra charge .
Sometimes even consultants are asked to price a service on a project or contract basis .
That contract needs to factor in clerical support , computer or other services , and overhead expenses , the SBA advices .
Charging a flat fee .
In tough economic times , many businesses are concerned about keeping costs down and may agree to hire your business for services only on a fixed - rate or flat - fee basis .
" Customers want a fixed rate , " Osteryoung says .
" Entrepreneurs want an hourly rate .
It 's a question of who is going to bear the risk .
If I charge a flat rate , I am bearing the risk . "
If a project takes longer than expected to complete , you may risk losing money on the client .
If you have a customer that insists on a flat fee , you may want to see if they are amenable to putting a cap on the number of hours involved in the project or agree to pay additional fees if the project runs over that time .
In tough economic times , many businesses are concerned about keeping costs down and may agree to hire your business for services only on a fixed - rate or flat - fee basis .
" Customers want a fixed rate , " Osteryoung says .
" Entrepreneurs want an hourly rate .
It 's a question of who is going to bear the risk .
If I charge a flat rate , I am bearing the risk . "
If a project takes longer than expected to complete , you may risk losing money on the client .
If you have a customer that insists on a flat fee , you may want to see if they are amenable to putting a cap on the number of hours involved in the project or agree to pay additional fees if the project runs over that time .
Variable pricing .
In addition to determining a fair price for your services , you have to determine whether you will practice a fixed - price policy and charge all your customers the same amount or whether you want to institute variable pricing , in which bargaining and negotiation help set the price for each customer .
" Should you charge different customers different rates ?
I have a hard time with that , " Osteryoung says .
" The exception is if someone comes in and says that they will book 1,000 hours of time , you may want to give them a price break for quantity .
But in general , charging different prices to different customers will create ill will .
People will talk about it and they will find out . "
One thing a business can not afford to lose is its integrity and respect among customers .
Monitoring and Changing Your Price
In a service business , your biggest costs are usually your people costs -- salaries , benefits , etc .
If you are having a hard time selling services at an acceptable profit , the problem may be that your employee costs are too high rather than the price is too low .
You may want to also re-evaluate your overhead costs to determine whether there are other cuts you can make to bring your price down and your profit margin up .
" Look at your expenses and see where you can cut , " Toftoy advises .
Monitor profitability monthly
You need to understand the profitability of your company every month .
By the 15th of every month , you ought to have your financial statements from the previous month .
" If there is any mistake I see entrepreneurs make , it 's that they do n't spend enough time going over their financial statements , " Osteryoung says .
" In some cases , no one has ever shown them how to do that .
I see their eyes glaze over . "
In addition to understanding your monthly profitability , you need to understand the profitability ( or lack of profitability ) of every service you sell .
Make absolutely sure you know the degree to which every person or project you sell is contributing to your goal of making money each month .
Test the market for new services and prices
You should always be testing new prices , new offers , and new combinations of benefits and premiums to help you sell more of your services at a better and better price .
Often the perfect time to do this is when quoting a price to a new customer .
Raise the price and offer a new and unique bonus or special service for the customer .
Measure the increase or decrease in the volume of services you sell and the total gross profit dollars you generate .
Be wise about raising your prices
It 's a fact of life that you will have to raise prices from time to time as part of managing your business prudently .
If you never raise your prices , you wo n't in business for long .
You have to constantly monitor your price and your costs so that you are both competitive in the market and that you make the kind of money you deserve to make in your business .
But there are risks to raising prices , particularly when your customers are going through tough financial times .
" You can price too high and sell yourself out , " Toftoy says .
" People do n't forget that they felt like you gouged them for the quality of the service you were selling . "
Here are some guidelines for when and how to raise prices :
When a living organism reproduces , genes are passed from one generation to the next , thus producing inherited traits in a species .
Evolution is a gradual process of changing in the genetic material of a population of organisms from one generation to the next .
Most changes are extremely gradual , but can accumulate over time and can cause substantial biological changes to organisms .
Many feel evolution runs on the basis of natural selection , which is a process that causes helpful genetic traits to become more common in a breeding population .
The process of evolution helps insure the survival of all species of life .
Charles Darwin was an English naturalist who developed the theory of natural selection and presented compelling evidence that all organisms have evolved over time from common ancestors .
Darwin ’s research has significantly impacted the scientific community and changed the way people view many theories of life .
Here is a list of the Top 10 recent signs and evidence that evolution is a factual scientific explanation .
You may also be interested in reading our top 10 list of arguments that ca n’t be won where evolution or creation was at the top of the list .
10 . Stickleback Fish
The stickleback fish is part of the Gasterosteidae family and can be found in freshwater environments in Europe , Asia , and North America .
Sticklebacks have no scales , but are protected by bony armor plates .
These creatures have intrigued marine biologists for years , as many populations of the fish have evolved with genetic changes and displayed major adaptations in their bony armor styles .
This evolutionary shift occurs when there is an increasing in the frequency of a rare genetic variant in a single gene of the creature .
These fish helped scientists discover that changes in a single gene can produce a major difference in the selector armor and body style of wild fish .
It identified a specific genetic mechanism that controls a dramatic change in skeletal patterns .
This finding has many implications towards the process of genetic evolution of organic species .
It will help us eventually discover exactly how new animal types evolve in nature .
The research is suggesting that evolution can occur quickly and only a few minor genetic changes can allow a migrating species
9. Darwin’s Tubercle
to adapt and populate different environments .
Darwin ’s Tubercle is a congenital ear condition which presents a thickening of the upper and middle thirds of the human ear .
The feature can be seen in numerous primates and the phenomenon was used by Charles Darwin to support research indicating a common ancestry between primates .
Today , the feature is present in approximately 10.4 % of the population and very few newborns .
The feature is thought to help animals control and regulate sound .
As intelligence of the human species evolved at a rapid pace various visual and auditory organs were no longer needed and gradually removed themselves from our anatomy .
Humans are also born with a third - eyelid that is useless and very small .
It is represented in a small membrane that is visible in the human eye and used to function as a protective shield .
Many people believe that the coccyx or tailbone is proof of what was a human tail .
Darwin ’s discoveries surrounding the tubercle were extremely important in developing the facts surrounding the theory of evolution .
8. Toxic Australian Toads
The toad problem in Australia is really bad .
In 1935 , Cane toads were brought to Australia from Hawaii to control the spread of beetles that were killing the sugar cane crop .
It might have been a short term solution , but the lasting problem is horrendous .
The toads have quickly expanded their range to cover more than a third of Australia ’s total land area .
They are spreading at a rate of 30 miles per year .
A deadly chemical defense system has been devised to kill the pests , which is not good for crops and ground water .
Experimentation on the toads discovered that the creatures that were leading the land expansion had legs that were 6 % larger then others .
A study was conducted that showed that newer populations of toads tended to have longer legs than older established species .
This gives the toad an ability to jump higher , move faster , and cover more ground on a daily basis .
The grave mistake to introduce toads to this environment is a problem that is getting worse every day .
The toad species is evolving to its surroundings and gaining more defenses , which is not good for Australia ’s economy .
7. Humans Influence Natural Selection
Many studies have been conducted that show that the mass technological growth of the human race is greatly affecting other organisms .
Many species have to adjust to human expansion and mass transportation systems .
One clear example is the bee crisis that many areas of the world are facing .
Humans have interfered with the genetics of many bee populations and helped in transporting different species all over the world .
This has helped cause the spread of the tiny parasite Varroa Destructor .
Varroa Destructor feeds off the bodily fluids of bees creating a deadly virus that is demolishing populations .
There has been a mass expansion of bee populations since airplanes , trains , and cars became commercially produced .
In the past , one of human ’s biggest faults was using various poisons and stratagems to try and fix this evolutionary problem , but this will only cause more abnormalities in the food chain .
Many correlation studies have shown that trophy game , such as big fish and caribou are reproducing at a younger age and becoming smaller in size .
Many hypothesize that this is to counter - act the hunting and fishing of many human populations , who prefer to hunt large game .
Many species are also being affected by the national problem of global warming .
6. Hypolimnas Bolina
The Great Eggfly , also called the Blue Moon Butterfly , is a species of nymphalid butterfly that is found in many areas of the world including Madacascar , Southeast Asia , Australia , Japan , and New Zealand .
It is a black bodied butterfly with an average wing span of 7 –8 ½ cm .
The butterfly can be found in wooded country , forests , thick and moist scrub , and the greener parts of the uninhabited terrain .
In the last ten years scientists have come to realize that a parasite was killing all of the male members of hypolimnas bolina on the Samoan islands of Upolu and Savaii .
The pest would infect the females and then kill the males before they were hatched .
The problem was so severe that in 2001 males inhabited only 1 % of the population and the species was on the verge of extinction in this area of the world .
In the span of one year and 10 generations in the hypolimnas bolina family , the male butterfly ’s evolved and obtained a suppressor gene that prevented the killer bacteria from spreading .
In modern days the male population has increased to 40 % in the colonies on these islands .
Evolution is often much more evident in insects , as a family generation and lifespan is much shorter then with primates .
5. Brown Anole Lizard
Anolis sagrei is a lizard species native to Cuba and the Bahamas .
They were also introduced in many areas of the United States , including Georgia , Texas , and Hawaii .
In a famous experimental study , a research group led by Jonathan Losos of Harvard University discovered that when a brown anole population was introduced to a new predator , natural selection occurred in a six month period of time .
The goal of the study was to prove the hypothesis that evolution was not a prolonged occurrence .
The scientists studied twelve different islands and introduced the predatory lizard to six , using the other six islands as a comparative sample .
After six months , surveys found that anole populations dropped by 50 % on the islands with the new predatory lizards .
The anole survivors had longer legs then the species previously inhabiting the islands .
In the next six months of study another genetic change was recorded and the legs of the anole lizard species began to become short and stubby , as they were spending more of their time in trees .
Female species were also recorded as becoming larger in size , ultimately making them harder for smaller animals to digest .
4. Darwin’s Finches
The second voyage of the HMS Beagle occurred December 1831 to October 1836 and the mission of the voyage was to conduct hydrographic surveys around the coasts of the southern part of South America .
A young Charles Darwin was the expert geologist on this voyage .
Darwin spent most of his time exploring the land and exhausted only 18 months at sea .
He spent time researching on the Galápagos Islands , studying the vast number of endemic species .
Darwin had incredible observational skills and noticed that there were numerous different finch species on the island .
One species of the birds would grow slightly larger wings and have curved beaks in relation to the geographic location on the island .
Darwin recognized and recorded 14 separate combinatory species of Passerine birds in the area .
The various niches of finches on the Galápagos Island are constantly evolving every year .
The evolution of these birds can be readily studied and recorded .
The medium ground finch that lives in this area recently downsized its beak , so that it could get small seeds more efficiently , after a larger finch species arrived on the island and began competing for food .
Many scientists travel to this area because the experimental conditions are untouched and natural changes occur at an alarmingly fast rate .
3. Bacterial Evolution
Natural selection is most evident in life forms that have extremely rapid life cycles , such as bacteria .
Bacteria can reproduce and span an entire generation in only a few short weeks .
Many types of bacteria are helpful to human and animal health , but others cause infectious diseases .
The quick evolution of disease - causing bacteria has been well documented and involves some of the most important medical research in the world .
A person who becomes ill can be given antibiotic drugs , which destroys the deadly bacteria in the human body , but not all of the bacteria get removed .
The remaining bacteria that have already been contaminated by the antibiotic will become resistant to the drug in a short amount of time .
If these certain bacteria reproduce then the disease will evolve to resist the medicines that we have developed .
This is why antibiotics are becoming stronger and stronger , which is why medical researchers are always trying to develop more effective future medicines .
As long as harmful bacteria and disease exist , evolution will be a formidable opponent against cures and medicine .
2. Land Living Ancestors of Whales
The giants of the sea have an extremely interesting story of origin .
Whales are marine mammals of order Cetacea and have been left seriously endangered in many areas of the world .
All cetaceans , including whales , dolphins and porpoises are the evolutionary decedents of land - living animals of the Artiodactyl order or even - toed ungulates .
Today , certain cetaceans and artiodactyl are organized under the super - order Cetartiodactyla .
The term Cetartiodactyla is used to describe the classification that whales have evolved from within the artiodactyls .
The hippopotamus is widely considered to be the closest land relative of the whale .
Scientists and historians have estimated that whales entered the world ’s oceans roughly 50 million years ago .
Humans are just beginning to understand the complex behavior and characteristics of whales .
It is interesting that a species so large could evolve from land to sea .
Cetaceans are the smartest creatures in the sea and this intelligence can be traced back to their modern land living ancestors .
I wonder what geological phenomenon could have caused this mass population of animals to enter earth ’s seas .
1. Evolution of Modern Man
As an organism evolves certain aspects of the anatomy become not as necessary and on occasion useless .
This can be influenced by a new habitat , natural disaster , or even adaptation to disease prevention .
When this occurs an organ that at one point in ancient history was essential for survival has become less important to the species .
This is a sign of evolution and can clearly be seen in the human body .
Humans get goose bumps when they are cold , frightened , angry , or in awe of something .
Before clothing goose bumps were an important way for humans to appear larger and more dangerous to prey .
Today goose bumps have shrunk to an almost unnoticeable size .
Humans also have an extra ear muscle , wisdom teeth , the appendix , and the Jacobson ’s organ .
The Jacobson ’s organ is located in the nose of many animals .
It is a smell organ which detects pheromones and can trigger sexual desire , alarm , and food sense .
Humans are born with the organ , but early in development it shrinks and becomes useless .
The plantaris muscle is used by many animals for gripping and manipulating objects with their feet .
Humans are born with this muscle , but it is so underdeveloped that it is often taken out by doctors to reconstruct other areas of the body .
Approximately 9 % of the human population is born without the plantaris muscle .
Liked it ?
Take a second to support Toptenz .net on Patreon !
Other Articles you Might Like
A CONMAN posed as a gorgeous female model on the internet to trick male admirers into sending him gifts and money .
Texan Police said Justin Brown , 24 , masqueraded as Californian Guess Jeans and Maxim swimwear model Bree Condon , 23 , for two years .
In one of a string of fake online profiles on SeekingMillionaire.com , " the meeting place for wealthy and beautiful singles " , Brown identified himself as " Bree - just looking for Mr. Right " , with accompanying photos of the brunette cover girl .
He enticed rich suitors by sending them pictures of Bree 's face photo - shopped onto nude photos of other women .
He also set up web chats and even had intimate telephone conversations with his contingent of male fans , using his " very feminine voice " to dupe them .
The admirers were charmed into sending gifts to " Bree " , including an iPhone and a small dog .
One affluent doctor even handed over US $ 15,000 ( $ 16,438 ) .
The scam was only uncovered after authorities , prompted by an investigator hired by the real Condon , tracked Brown down to a budget motel room in Austin , Texas .
John Carbona , a private investigator involved in the case , told the Los Angeles Times he was stunned to find out that " Bree " was a man .
" I 'd been talking to this person for three months , " Carbona said .
" I 'm telling you this guy has either had his gonads removed or he is talking through a voice synthesizer . "
" He ( Brown ) had this whole persona created , " Carbona added .
" You have to hand it to this kid .
He stayed in character for two years . "
Representatives for Condon , who has never met Brown , said she " pursued this with law enforcement because she was very concerned about other people being conned by this impersonator , especially since he was apparently taking money from people and engaging in behavior that Bree would never participate in . "
A grand jury indicted Brown on a felony theft charge last week and Austin police are currently investigating whether he created a fake " official " website for Condon , as well as Facebook and MySpace profiles in her name .
" We think there are a lot of other ( duped ) guys out there .
How many , I do n't know , " Austin police Det. Carl Satterlee said .
Originally published as Conman poses as female swimsuit model
IPTables : Fun with MARK GnuPG – RSA key - pair mini-Howto with stronger digests » Authenticating Active Directory users on Linux with Likewise Open Historically , if you wanted to use Active Directory to authenticate users on a UNIX box , you were pretty much limited to using LDAP .
This works fine for some people , but it ’s not particularly elegant – especially if you ’re having to create users home directories all the time , which negates some of the point of centralising authentication to begin with .
I ’m from a UNIX ( mostly Linux ) background , so I ’m more at home using UNIX - alike platforms .
That said , there ’s a few things that Microsoft do that are particularly useful , and in my opinion AD is one of them ( quiet at the back , there ) .
Handily , there ’s a project that can marry the two , and it goes by the name of Likewise .
Likewise Enterprise is Likewise Software ’s commercial offering , but they also provide an open - source edition in the form of Likewise Open , which is what I ’m going to focus on here .
Conceptually , using Likewise is equivalent to binding a Windows machine to a domain , and the method of doing it is similar .
The code is somewhat related to Samba , so some parts of it may be familiar to anyone who ’s meddled around with Samba in any depth .
Starting out First off , you ’ll need the Likewise Open installer , which you can get from here ( signup required ) .
Grab the installer for your particular distro or operating system – for this example I ’m using a fresh Debian ( lenny ) GNU / Linux install , but the process is essentially the same for others , such as Solaris .
One you ’ve got it , installing it is just a matter of running it :- adtest : ~# chmod +x ./LikewiseIdentityServiceOpen-...- linux-i386-deb-installer adtest:~# ./LikewiseIdentityServiceOpen-...- linux-i386-deb-installer
Follow the prompts , and after a few seconds you ’ll be returned to a prompt .
Assuming the install completed successfully , in the case of Debian ( or Ubuntu ) , running ‘ dpkg -l | grep likewise ‘ will show a few new packages have been installed ( for RedHat / CentOS , replace ‘ dpkg - l ‘ with ‘ rpm - qa ‘ ) .
Before going any further , make sure your resolvers are set up correctly , and that the local machine ’s time is synchronised – either against an external NTP source , or one of the domain controllers .
You can check that DNS resolution is working correctly by running :- adtest : ~# host test.example.com … and all being well , you ’ll see something like this :- test.example.com
A 10.1.1.1 test.example.com
A 10.1.2.1
If you ’re okay so far , configuring the machine to use AD requires one command :- adtest : ~# /opt/likewise/bin/domainjoin-cli join test.example.com andys
After a few seconds , providing the local machine can see the domain controllers , you should be prompted for your domain password .
As when binding a Windows machine to a domain , the account you use must have the right privileges , which usually means that it ’s in the Domain Admins group or similar .
So :- Joining to AD Domain : test.example.com
With Computer DNS Name : adtest.test.example.com andys@TEST.EXAMPLE.COM's password : < domain password > … wait a few seconds …
Warning : System restart required Your system has been configured to authenticate to Active Directory for the first time .
It is recommended that you restart your system to ensure that all applications recognize the new settings .
SUCCESS
Now , in my experience you do n’t strictly need to reboot , however it ’s a good idea to , so go ahead and reboot the machine .
The basics Assuming the box rebooted , we can now test that AD integration is working .
Log in , and at a prompt type :- adtest : ~# id TEST \\andys … replacing ‘ TEST \\andys ‘ with your domain and username .
The double backslash is important , because most UNIX shells use ‘ \’ for escaping characters .
If you want , you can also use the ‘ user@domain ‘ syntax .
If all is well , you ’ll see something like this :- uid=2096628820 ( TEST\andys ) gid=2096628225( TEST\domain^users ) groups=2096628225(TEST\domain^users ),2096628224( TEST\domain^admins )
At this point I should offer a word of caution : Because the machine is now bound to the domain , it means users on the domain can log into it .
Obviously this is the whole point , but it ’s something to be mindful of , especially if the domain is used by many people .
The UIDs and GIDs may look ridiculously large , but do n’t worry – UIDs under most UNIXen are 32 - bit , so this will be fine .
There ’s also a good reason for it – Likewise guarantees that the IDs will be unique and consistent across all machines bound to the same domain .
You ’ll also notice that the user ’s primary group is set to the primary group from AD , which is usually ‘ Domain Users ‘ .
The domainjoin - cli command also makes some changes to /etc/nsswitch.conf and the PAM configuration .
On my example Debian box , having a peek at /etc / pam.d / common - auth reveals :- auth sufficient / lib / security / pam_lsass .
so auth required pam_unix .
so nullok_secure try_first_pass pam_lsass.so is the PAM shared library for the lsass – or Local Security Authority Subsystem Service – part of Likewise .
The example above is simple enough , and accepts domain users , falling back to standard UNIX users if the given username is n’t a domain user .
Making changes Likewise installs its configuration files in /etc / likewise .
The one that ’s probably of most interest is lsassd.conf , which controls how the lsass daemon lsassd handles users .
Before going into any detail , you ’ll notice that lsassd .
conf is split into two sections – the first being for domain users ( the [ auth provider : lsa - activedirectory - provider ] section ) , and the second being for ‘ local ’ users ( under [ auth provider : lsa - local - provider ] ) .
The local users are usually just ‘ COMPUTER \Administrator ‘ and ‘ COMPUTER \Guest ‘ ( where COMPUTER is the name of the local machine ) , and are synonymous to the Administrator and Guest accounts on Windows machines .
Chances are you wo n’t need to touch the local users section , so we can safely ignore it .
There ’s quite a few options to play with in lssasd .conf , but the main ones we ’re interested in are :- login - shell - template , which allows us to set the default shell for domain users .
This is ( by default ) set to / bin / sh , so in many cases you might want to change it to / bin / bash .
, which allows us to set the default shell for domain users .
This is ( by default ) set to , so in many cases you might want to change it to .
homedir - template , which specifies where domain users ’ home directories will be created .
The default for this is %H/ local / %D/%U , which in our example would expand to / home / local / TEST / andys for my account .
Personally , I prefer to drop the ‘ local ’ bit and use %H/ %D/%U , which would change my home directory to /home / TEST / andys .
, which specifies where domain users ’ home directories will be created .
The default for this is , which in our example would expand to for my account .
Personally , I prefer to drop the ‘ local ’ bit and use , which would change my home directory to .
require - membership - of , which lets us specify which groups are allowed to authenticate against this machine in a comma-separated list .
It ’s important to note that if you use the last option , any domain user which is n’t a member of one of the specified groups will fail any PAM configuration that calls pam_lsass .
so .
This means that if you wanted to allow certains groups SSH access , whilst allowing a larger set of groups access to FTP , you do n’t want to omit the FTP user groups from here .
If you ’re building this kind of setup , you ’ll want to allow all the groups in lsassd.conf , and then build your PAM configuration to conditionally allow access based on group membership using pam_group .
Once you ’ve finished making your configuration changes , you ’ll need to tell Likewise to reload the configuration : - adtest : ~# /opt/likewise/bin/lw-refresh-configuration
Configuration successfully loaded from disk .
It also does n’t hurt ( and I ’ve sometimes found it neccessary ) to clear the local AD cache :- adtest :~# /opt/likewise/bin/lw-ad-cache -- delete-all
The cache has been emptied successfully .
… and that ’s it !
You should now have AD authentication working through PAM .
Useful commands
Likewise installs quite a few tools in / opt / likewise / bin ( many of which are symlinks to lw - lsa ) , some of which come in handy for testing :- lw - refresh - configuration , which as mentioned above reloads the lsassd configuration from lsassd.conf .
, which as mentioned above reloads the configuration from .
lw - ad - cache ( also partly mentioned above ) , which lets us manipulate the local AD cache .
For example , lw - ad - cache –enum - users will list the users ’ details currently stored in the cache .
( also partly mentioned above ) , which lets us manipulate the local AD cache .
For example , will list the users ’ details currently stored in the cache .
lw - enum - users / lw - enum - groups , which predictably list all the users and groups in the domain .
/ , which predictably list all the users and groups in the domain .
lw - get - status , which shows quite a bit of information about the domain itself .
These are just a few , so it ’s useful to have a poke about in / opt / likewise / bin and see what there is .
Hints Because Likewise integrates itself via PAM , pretty much everything which can work with normal UNIX users can cope fine with domain users .
For instance :-
You can use the tilde ( ~ ) shortcut to go to a domain user ’s home directory , for example cd ~andys@TEST .
For some reason , the backslash notation does n’t work here , and you may also notice that tab completion does n’t work either .
.
For some reason , the backslash notation does n’t work here , and you may also notice that tab completion does n’t work either .
With most things , you can refer to domain users as either TEST \\andys , TEST .
EXAMPLE.COM \\andys , andys@TEST or andys@TEST.EXAMPLE.COM , including when logging in on the console or via SSH .
There are exceptions ( such as the previous point ) , but they ’re few and far between .
Sudo happily works with domain groups – just remember to double - backslash .
You can use chown and chgrp in the ways you ’d normally expect , using either the domain group names , or their GIDs .
and in the ways you ’d normally expect , using either the domain group names , or their GIDs .
ACLs ( under Linux ) also work , so if you ’ve mounted a partition with the ‘ acl ‘ option , you can use setfacl as normal .
If it all goes wrong …
Sometimes things go wrong .
With Likewise , it ’s usually straightforward .
If you ’re getting errors when binding to the domain with domainjoin - cli , it ’s usually because it ’s having problems connecting to the domain controller .
If your domain controllers are on a different network , check that any firewalls inbetween are n’t dropping SMB traffic .
The domainjoin - cli command should give you a definitive list of ports it needs open to communicate with the domain controller .
Once up and running , I ’ve found Likewise Open to be very stable , but on the odd occasion that something has gone awry , it ’s often enough to just restart the lsassd daemon .
Failing that , try emptying the cache ( with lw - ad - cache – delete - all ) .
If you ’re still getting odd errors , it might be worth checking out the documentation or the forums .
Where to from here ?
Because the PAM magic happens with pam_lsass , in theory anything which uses PAM can be made AD - aware .
I ’ve personally used it with Pure - FTPd to provide company - wide access to an fileserver , and it works flawlessly with gdm , so you can use it on your desktop .
Again , because it ’s PAM - based , it can be stacked with other modules such as pam_securid ( for RSA ’s SecurID tokens ) or pam_opie ( for one - time password sets ) .
Ironically , one thing that does require a little bit more configuration is Samba – something I ’ll cover in a future post .
Update : Yvo van Doorn comments below with a handy hint if you only need access to one domain , which should save on keyboard wear for some users
last.fm
No recently listened tracks .
LinkedIn
If you want to see my Linked In profile , click on this button : Elsewhere
US home foreclosures top one million mark
By Andre Damon
23 December 2009
The number of US homes in foreclosure topped the one million mark for the first time ever , according to figures released this week by federal agencies .
The continued deepening of the housing crisis is being driven by the relentless economic squeeze on working people , confronted with declining wages and persistent and growing mass unemployment .
While millions are facing the loss of their jobs and their homes , corporate profits have reached their highest levels in five years .
The number of prime - rate mortgage borrowers in default doubled from a year earlier , according to figures released Monday by the Office of Thrift Supervision ( OTS ) and the Comptroller of the Currency ( OCC ) .
The portion of such “ prime ” mortgages in serious delinquency reached 3.6 percent in the third quarter , up 19 percent from three months before .
The report surveyed the 34 million home loans made by banks under the purview of the OTS and OCC , which amount to about 65 percent of all mortgages issued in the US .
Given that the figures only covered this share of US mortgages , the real number of foreclosures is undoubtedly well over 1 million .
The total percentage of “ nonperforming ” mortgage loans climbed for the sixth straight quarter , reaching 13 percent of all mortgages in the survey .
The percentage of mortgages that are “ seriously delinquent ” reached 6.2 percent , while 3.2 percent of all mortgages were in foreclosure .
Extrapolating from the survey of all US mortgages , 6.8 million of US households were behind on their mortgage payments in the third quarter .
These figures do not count those families who have already lost their homes .
A loss rate of 3.2 percent on the $ 6 trillion in loans measured by the report would represent write - downs of some $ 192 billion .
Meanwhile , the study found that despite mortgage modification programs promoted by the US government , homeowners whose banks modified their mortgage terms continued to default at extremely high rates .
Nearly half of all participants in such programs still went on to default on their mortgages .
This is partly due to the fact that the overwhelming majority of such modifications have been temporary .
The Obama administration reported this month that while 700,000 three - month trial modifications were issued as part of its “ Home Affordable Modification Program , ” only 31,382 had been made permanent as of November .
The report followed findings by First American CoreLogic , a real estate information firm , that the number of foreclosed homes about to go on the market has reached 1.7 million .
The backlog of such homes has grown by 55 percent in the year to September , according to a report issued last week by the California - based company .
The flood of foreclosed homes has pushed down home prices , with the average selling price of a previously occupied home falling to $ 172,600 last month , a 4.3 percent decrease from a year ago , according to the CoreLogic report .
In separate figures , the Federal Housing Finance Agency said its index of housing prices was down 10.8 percent from its peak in April 2007 .
Plummeting home prices , together with extensive government tax incentives , helped push up the number of existing home sales by 7.4 percent last month , to a three - year high , according to a survey released Tuesday by the National Association of Realtors .
Lawrence
Yun , the vessociation ’s chief economist , said that the jump was due to “ a rush of first - time buyers ” who wanted to take advantage of the Obama administration ’s tax credit before it was set to expire last month .
On November 7 , the White House extended the program that provides new homebuyers with up to $ 8,000 in tax credits , to April of next year .
Economists warn that home sales will likely plunge following the program 's expiration .
Meanwhile , the employment situation , which has become the principal cause of the housing crisis , remains dire .
The Washington Post reported Tuesday that in 25 states unemployment benefit programs have already run out of money due to record numbers of people losing their jobs .
The state ’s unemployment insurance programs have had to borrow $ 24 billion from the federal government to continue functioning .
By 2011 , according to government figures , 40 states will have exhausted their benefit pools and will need to borrow an additional $ 90 billion from the federal government to keep afloat .
The Obama administration has explicitly denied states ’ requests for further aid , forcing them to consider cuts to benefit payments that are already too low to cover essential needs .
The shortfall has brought calls for cuts to unemployment benefits , with a state panel in Kentucky recommending last week that the state reduce its benefits for the jobless by about 9 percent .
Virginia has borrowed $ 89 million from the US government to cover benefit payments , and Maryland owes the government $ 85 million .
South Carolina , which has a 12 percent unemployment rate , owes the federal government $ 649 million for unemployment payments .
Meanwhile , the rate of US economic growth in the third quarter was once again revised downward this week , to 2.2 percent .
The figure was originally reported as 3.5 percent by the US Commerce Department , but was lowered to 2.8 percent last month .
The US economy shrank at a rate of 0.7 percent in the second quarter .
Corporations , however , are reaping the benefits of the so - called recovery .
In its latest report , the Commerce Department revised third - quarter corporate profits upward , from 10.6 percent to 10.8 percent , representing the largest gain in over five years .
Far from signaling any amelioration of the economic conditions confronting the broad mass of working people , the rise in profits has been driven by reduced labor costs stemming from layoffs and increased productivity .
During the last quarter , labor costs fell at a rate of 2.5 percent , the steepest 12 - month decline in seven years .
This decline is a function of stagnant and declining wages , along with the threat of unemployment being used to intensify the exploitation of those still on the job .
Productivity has risen by 8.1 percent , the highest rate in six years .
Google is stepping up its efforts to increase awareness , and ultimately market share , of its Chrome web browser with a new Sony partnership .
Under the deal , Chrome will come pre-installed on Sony 's Vaio line of computers according to the Financial Times .
It marks Chrome 's first distribution deal with a hardware vendor , and though Sony 's own share of the computer market is n't itself big enough to launch Google 's browser into the stratosphere , it 's still an important milestone on Chrome 's road map .
The financial specifics of the deal were n't disclosed , and a Google spokesperson called the Sony partnership merely " experimental . "
Still , it 's clear the search giant is starting to come out swinging against Microsoft 's continuing hold on the browser market along with Mozilla 's Firefox .
There 's a sense of frustration at Google about Chrome 's relatively lackluster adoption at about 2.6 % of the global browser market .
Chrome product management director Brian Rakowski expresses astonishment that despite how much internet users rely on browsers , telling FT that " it ’s absolutely a problem that people do n’t know what a browser is , or how to evaluate one " ( the company even poked fun at this in a video earlier this year ) .
The Sony Vaios with Chrome on board have already begun to go on sale .
Google indicated it 's already in talks with other computer manufacturers to boost distribution through similar deals .
Check out Chrome and 13 other browsing options in our recent 14 Alternative Browsers That Are Not IE6 feature and let us know in the comments : do you think distribution deals are the key to wider Chrome adoption ?
Do you have thoughts on why it seems browser awareness is suspiciously low ?
The Camcorder has been hard pressed by flash cams and DSLRs for awhile , but now we 're seeing the ever - improving HD cheapies and DSLRs taking over the semi- pro space with external microphones , lights and grips .
Here are some awesome rigs ...
Advertisement
... as seen at CES , in the field , by those covering the show .
Camcorder companies should be further worried .
But Flash camcorder companies should be worried by cameraphones — check out the iPhone 3GS case with mounts for accessories and lenses .
And remember , these things can instantly upload .
It 's only a matter of time before video shooting DSLRs with 3G / 4G hit with instant upload features .
Advertisement
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Advertisement
SECURITY DAILY NEWSLETTER GET SECURITY NEWS IN YOUR INBOX EVERY DAY |
SHARE
Spammers beware !
A new version of Apache SpamAssassin has you in its sights .
After over two and half years of development , SpamAssassin 3.3.0 is now available , providing mail administrators with new features to better stem the flow of spam into their organizations .
The popular open source antispam project , which is run either as a mail server or locally as a spam filter , uses a variety of techniques to detect unwanted bulk e-mail .
Now with its 3.30 release , SpamAssassin ( SA ) is taking a major step forward in separating its rules engine from the core product -- a move that aims to improve the overall efficacy of spam detection .
" Removing the rules from the core product eliminates duplication of rule files and confusion about which rules on a system are actually used , " Daryl O'Shea , Apache SpamAssassin 's project management committee ( PMC ) chair , told InternetNews.com .
" In SA 3.2 , the product came with a base set of rules that were used until you ran sa-update for the first time , " he said , referring to SA 's updating mechanism .
" Now , no rules are included and you need to run sa-update immediately following installation . "
The change " ensures that people are installing up - to - date rules regardless of when they install SA 3.3 .
Whether it 's today or next month or six months from now , they 're going to download the most up - to - date rules available via sa-update , " he added .
Additionally , decoupling the two components is meant to lead to faster spam rules deployment , with rule updates no longer being tied to core product release schedules .
According to O'Shea , rule updates will be made available on an as - needed basis at any time during a core product version 's life span .
He added that the project is currently working toward the goal of providing rule updates once a week .
Long - awaited update
The SA 3.3 update is the first major update for the project since the 3.2.0 release in May 2007 .
SpamAssassin became a top - level Apache project in 2004 , at the time of its 3.0 release .
O'Shea noted that the SA project was probably a little later releasing 3.3.0 than it had been in releasing 3.1.0 and 3.2.0 , but with good reason .
" SpamAssassin development activity is highly dependent on the perceived need for improvement of the product by those willing to do so , " O'Shea said .
" If the current released versions are catching most of the spam out there , development slows .
If spammers ' tactics change and SA needs to adapt , there is a spike in development activity . "
He added that the SA project does n't really set release milestones until enough has changed that developers feel there 's a need for a new release .
While 3.3 is a major release , the project has been pushing out incremental point updates to the 3.2.x release .
" The 3.2. x series was our last series of stable ( bug fix ) releases , " O'Shea said , referring to Apache SpamAssassin 's policy of dividing its code base between " stable " and " trunk " ( that is , development ) branches .
" While those were going on , we were working on the now - 3.3.0 version ( then trunk development branch ) , which brings new features , optimizations and changes to some APIs .
It 's the new features , optimizations and API changes that distinguish 3.3 as a ' major ' release , rather than ' minor ' bug fix release . "
New structure , improvements
A Limit of First Order Logic
A limit of first order logic concerning function definitions
Sam Buss is a logician who works in proof theory , and is one of the world ’s experts on bounded arithmetic .
He has proved some quite neat theorems — I will discuss his work in more detail in the future , since proof theory is closely related to the P=NP question .
Today I want to talk about a much simpler problem from logic .
I hit upon it while trying to prove a theorem .
I failed in proving my theorem — so far at least — but I discovered an interesting limitation of first order logic .
This limit is not new , but I do not think it is as widely known as it should be .
I have always loved mathematical logic .
I took undergraduate courses with two famous logicians , and was lucky to work with two other famous ones .
Richard Vesley taught my first logic course ; I took an advanced course , also as an undergraduate , from Helena Rasiowa .
Later , as a graduate student I worked with Don Loveland .
Finally , as a young assistant professor at Yale , I talked to Angus Macintyre a great deal about logic .
He was kind enough to explain how the famous Paris - Harrington Theorem worked — among many other things .
Those I took courses from — Vesley and Rasiowa — each had their own unique styles of teaching .
Since , my last discussion was on my current class on complexity theory I thought I might say something about their different styles of teaching .
Vesley read from our textbook , which was Elliott Mendelson ’s famous book on logic .
He would read a bit , and then we would discuss what he had just read .
He often seemed to be confused , and we had to help him out .
I think this was a great way to make us listen very carefully to his every word .
I do not remember what I thought then , but my guess now is he knew the material very well .
My guess is that his “ confused ” method was just his way to teach the material .
A great course .
Rasiowa lectured , without any notes , without a textbook , and without any motivation .
Yet it was one of the best courses I have ever had .
She was a visiting professor at Case , where I got my undergraduate degree , who taught a course on advanced topics in logic .
She had a way of presenting the material that made it hard to ask questions : there was almost no motivation , just definitions , theorems , and proofs .
One time we started a new topic on proof tableaux ’s .
We had no idea why we were starting to discuss this topic .
None .
One brave soul raised his hand , she called on him , and he asked “ why are we studying this ? ”
She answered with a stern voice , You will understand .
That ended the discussion of motivation , and we moved back to definitions , theorems , and proofs .
We did eventually understand , but not for many weeks .
Let ’s turn now to a problem in first order logic .
A Problem With First Order Logic
First order logic is well known to be extremely powerful , yet also to have strong limitations .
For example , first order logic cannot in general define the transitive closure of a relation .
I know about these limits , but recently ran into another limitation that I was unaware of .
The limit has to do with defining functions implicitly with first order statements .
The problem I ran into was simple : Consider a statement of the form ,
What this says is :
For each and , there are and , so that is true .
For example , could be the formula :
The situation I ran into was that I wanted to express the following :
That depends only on .
That depends only on .
Note ,
makes only a function of , but is still a function of both and .
Of course re-ordering variables to form
makes only depend on , but again depends on both .
I tried for a while to express what I wanted in various ways by some more complex tricks .
None worked .
No matter what I did one of and wound up depending on both and .
I finally got to the point where I could actually prove that there is no way to do this .
By then , I guessed that this was known .
Perhaps , well known , but not well known to me .
Sam Buss to the rescue .
I asked him about the issue , and he answered immediately :
This is a well - known construction , known as a Henkin quantifier or branching quantifier ( after Leon Henkin ) .
It is usually denoted as a rectangular block :
The meaning of ( 1 ) is just what I needed : the notation means that for each and there are and so that is true .
Further , the value of only depends on , and the value of only depends on .
Sam added : “ Statement ( 1 ) is known not to be expressible in first - order logic , so you are correct that it cannot be encoded in standard first - order logic . ”
If there had been a way to encode this I would have had a neat result .
Oh well .
Open Problems
I still am interested in situations where you can get around this problem .
I believe that for certain statements it may be possible to define what I wanted in first order logic .
I conjecture that there should be some property that will allow the branching quantifier to be defined for such statements .
Charlene DeGidio never smoked marijuana in the 1960s , or afterward .
But a year ago , after medications failed to relieve the pain in her legs and feet , a doctor suggested that the Adna , Wash . , retiree try the drug .
Ms. DeGidio , 69 years old , bought candy with marijuana mixed in .
It worked in easing her neuropathic pain , for which doctors have n't been able to pinpoint a cause , she says .
Now , Ms. DeGidio , who had previously tried without success other drugs including Neurontin and lidocaine patches , nibbles marijuana - laced peppermint ...
CraftyPod points us to the very clever Kandle Heeter™ , a handmade , low tech contraption that acts as a space heater .
It 's a collection of terra cotta pots with a solid steel inner core made up of hex nuts and washers and things , which collect the heat of a candle or , new for 2008 , a halogen light bulb .
You can buy the candle version for $ 29.95 and the electric version is $ 49.95 ; however , the generous creator provides how - to instructions to make them .
He calculates the cost of the DIY candle version to be about 23 to 33 bucks , of course , we may have some of the supplies on hand , which means our costs could be considerably less .
If you 're more interested in an electric variety , there 's also instructions for that one as well !
In defense of Pat Robertson
January 19 , 2010
Something happened a long time ago in Haiti , and people might not want to talk about it .
They were under the heel of the French . . . and they got together and swore a pact to the devil .
They said , " We will serve you if you 'll get us free from the French . "
True story .
And so the devil said , " OK , it 's a deal " .
. . .
Ever since , they have been cursed by one thing after another , desperately poor .
That island of Hispaniola is one island .
It 's cut down the middle .
On the one side is Haiti ; on the other side is the Dominican Republic .
Dominican Republic is , is prosperous , healthy , full of resorts , et cetera .
Haiti is in desperate poverty .
Same island .
They need to have , and we need to pray for them , a great turning to God , that out of this tragedy , I 'm optimistic that something good may come .
But right now we 're helping the suffering people , and the suffering is almost unimaginable .
By Bryan Fischer
Here is what Pat Robertson actually said this week about Haiti : Pat Robertson has been pilloried by everyone , Christians included , for making reference to Haiti 's ancient pact with the devil .
No one , to my knowledge , has criticized the timing of his comments ; rather all have criticized the truthfulness of his comments .
It 's one thing to criticize him for making a true but untimely comment , to suggest that to mention this dark part of Haiti 's past is insensitive and lacking in Christian compassion .
But that 's not what he is being criticized for .
He is being criticized for saying something untrue , and that 's a whole different thing .
Robertson did not say that God caused the earthquake .
What he said , if people actually listened rather than reacting with hysterical hissy fits , is that Haiti 's grinding poverty is a result of its pact with the devil .
" Ever since , they have been cursed by one thing after another , desperately poor .
" It is a matter of historical record that Haiti 's independence from France is , in fact , rooted in a pact with the devil made on August 14 , 1791 by a group of voodoo priests led by a former slave named Boukman .
The pact was made at a place called Bois - Caiman , and the tree under which a black pig was sacrificed in this ceremony is still a shrine in Haiti .
Annual voodoo ceremonies are conducted every August 14 on this very site , essentially renewing the covenant with darkness each summer .
( According to many reports , an iron statue of a pig stood for many years in Port - au - Prince in commemoration of the Boukman contract with the devil . )
During the ceremony in 1791 , a priestess was possessed by a spirit called Ezili Dantor and it was this spirit who received the offering of the black pig .
Hundreds of slaves drank the pig's blood and pledged to exterminate all the white Frenchmen on the island , while Boukman asked for Satan 's help in liberating Haiti from their French overlords .
Here is the prayer that Boukman prayed that fateful night :
The god ( who created the sun which gives us light , who rouses the waves and rules thestorm , though hidden in the clouds , he watches us .
He sees all that the white man does .
The god ( of the white man inspires him with the crime , but our god ( ) calls upon us to do good works .
Our god ( who is good to us orders us to revenge our wrongs .
He will direct our arms and aid us .
Throw away the symbol of the god of the whites who has so often caused us to weep , and listen to the voice of liberty , which speaks in the hearts of us all .
In exchange for the help of this demonic god , the voodoo priests offered to dedicate Haiti to Satan for 200 years .
The slave rebellion drove the French from Hispaniola and Haiti declared its independence on January 1 , 1804 .
On national TV , Haiti's ambassador to the U.S. openly admitted , while criticizing Robertson , that Haiti did in fact enter in to this pact with the devil .
In fact , he adds that America should be grateful for this pact , since the slave revolt that followed the creation of this pact prompted Napoleon to sell the Louisiana Purchase to the United States .
Prior to this slave revolt , under French colonial rule , Haiti was known as the " Pearl of the Antilles " for its singular beauty and the richness of its resources .
It engaged in robust trade in cocoa , cotton , sugar cane and coffee and by 1780 was one of the richest regions in the world .
Tragically , however , the plantation system that made this wealth possible was built on the backs of slaves imported from West Africa who brought with them their occult practices of spirituality .
The 200 years , of course , expired on January 1 , 2004 , but on April 8 , 2003 dictator and president Jean - Bertrand Aristide extended the pact by declaring voodoo to be an officially recognized religion in Haiti .
Haiti is officially Roman Catholic , but as the BBC says , it is a common saying among Haitians that Haiti is 70 % Catholic , 30 % Protestant , and 100 % voodoo .
Robertson then went on to say that we must hope that this crisis will lead to " a great turning to God " among the Haitians , and that " right now we 're helping the suffering people , " whose suffering is " almost unimaginable . "
As he spoke , a phone number appeared on the screen , which viewers could use to donate to the relief effort .
On his program , Shepard Smith of FOX News made harshly critical comments about Robertson .
As he spoke , a phone number likewise appeared on the screen .
It was the number for the U.S. State Department .
In other words , the hard - hearted Robertson was actively soliciting relief aid while the compassionate Smith was handing out a number for government bureaucrats .
It 's remarkable that well - meaning conservatives would criticize Robertson for saying these things .
Let 's summarize : 1. Pat Robertson said that Haiti made a pact with the devil in exchange for freedom from slavery .
This is historically true .
No one in Haiti disputes this , and Haiti 's ambassador confirmed it on U.S. television .
2 . Robertson did not say that the earthquake was a result of this curse , or was God 's fault .
Instead , Robertson attributed Haiti's grinding poverty to this compact with Satan .
Jesus himself said that the thief comes only to " steal and kill and destroy .
" 3 . Robertson said he hopes this crisis will lead many in Haiti to turn to God , and that we need to pray to that end .
4. Robertson said that the unimaginable suffering of the Haitians should prompt us to come their aid .
Which one of these statements , exactly , can any believer in the Judeo - Christian tradition challenge ?
Secularists , and even many conservative commentators , appear to have falsely criticized Robertson for things he did not say , while paying little or no attention to things he actually did say .
I 'm sticking with Pat on this one . ©
Bryan Fischer
Mainly moaning about BBC Radio Five Live .
Well at least the Bulls got one win on the annual circus trip .
Because playing the Lakers last night did not go well , a circus unto itself .
The Bulls were blownout by the Lakers 108-93 .
The Bulls trailed 53 - 42 at the half , then came out for the third as if they gobbled down some donuts in the locker room during the break .
The Lakers busted out a 10 - 2 run and it was basically game over .
Perhaps Joakim
Noah not only praised the Lakers but indicted his own coaches with this statement :
“ Their length is definitely their biggest strength .
To me , the most amazing thing about it is , you ’re out there , you ’re competing hard , and these guys are hardly breaking a sweat because they ’re so comfortable in running their offense . ”
Of course , the Bulls would actually need to have some sets on offense for that to ring true .
We ’ll see how things go , but with the Bulls struggling to score points , maybe Noah had a Freudian slip there .
The Highlights :
TEHRAN -- Supreme Leader of the Islamic Revolution Ayatollah Seyyed Ali Khamenei stated here on Tuesday that the Zionist regime poses a major threat to the Muslim world .
“ One day regional nations will definitely witness the destruction of the Zionist regime , ” but the Muslim countries ’ actions will determine when it happens , Ayatollah Khamenei said at a meeting with Mauritanian President Mohamed Ould Abdel Aziz .
He praised Mauritania for severing ties with Israel and said certain Arab states should learn a lesson from Mauritania ’s move because Israel poses a serious threat to the Muslim world and is seeking to dominate the region .
Mauritania suspended its diplomatic ties with Israel in January 2009 in protest over Israel ’s war on Gaza .
It closed the Israeli embassy in March 2009 .
The Supreme Leader said cooperation with Islamic countries is a principle of Iran ’s foreign policy and expressed hope that the Mauritanian president ’s trip to Iran would pave the way for the expansion of relations between the two countries .
Ayatollah Khamenei also called for unity among Islamic countries .
Genuine unity and brotherhood among Islamic countries should be established so that the Islamic ummah ( community ) will attain their rightful place , the Supreme Leader added .
The Mauritanian president said that the Muslim world is proud of Iran ’s industrial , technological , and scientific advancements and called for closer ties between Tehran and Nouakchott .
He also thanked the Islamic Republic for its efforts to establish peace in the region and in the rest of the world
Grieving Family Gets Brain of Dead Relative Sent to Them by Funeral Home A brain was sent in a bag of personal effects to a grieving New Mexico family .
Jan. 7 , 2010  --
A New Mexico family is suing two funeral homes after their deceased relative 's brain was included in a bag of her personal effects .
" A brain is not what you 'd expect with the return of personal effects , which included the clothing she was wearing at the time of her death and the jewelry she had on , " said Richard Valle , the New Mexico - based attorney representing the family , only identified by initials in the lawsuit .
The family did not want to be named in order to " minimize disruption " to their lives , according to the court documents .
They declined requests for an interview .
The dead woman reportedly died in a car crash in Utah in September .
Valle said that sometime during the process of transporting her body from Utah to New Mexico for burial , her brain was put in a plastic bag , labeled " brain " and later given to the family .
" Their reaction was what you would expect ; horror , shock , outrage and then tremendous grief , " Valle said .
" They just finished burying their mother and did n't expect [ to see her brain ] . "
The family was given a bag of personal effects of the woman after her funeral last year , Valle said , and one of the relatives had left it in his truck .
When the family began noticing a smell coming from the bag , they opened it and found the brain .
" They initially thought that when she died , she maybe soiled herself and they needed to wash or discard the clothes , " Valle said .
" But , then , they saw the clear plastic bag labeled with their [ relative 's name ] and with the word ' brain ' on it .
" They knew what they had , " he added .
The family has since buried the brain with the body .
The DeVargas Funeral Home and Crematory of the Espanola Valley in New Mexico , as well as the Serenicare Funeral Home in Draper , Utah , is named in the suit , which was filed Jan. 4 in state District Court in Albuquerque .
Funeral Homes Point Blame at Each Other
Owner Johnny DeVargas did not return messages left by ABCNews.com but told the Albuquerque Journal that it was the Utah funeral home 's fault that the brain ended up in the hands of the family .
" In the end , we inherited the problem from Utah , " DeVargas told the paper .
" We are a very reputable company and we were dealt a bad hand . "
But Dick Johnson , the owner of Utah's Serenicare , said his funeral home had nothing to do with the brain 's misplacement either .
" That would be incorrect , " Johnson said , when asked if his funeral home put the brain in the bag of personal effects for the family .
The woman 's brain had come out of her body during the car accident , he said , telling the Associated Press earlier that it is " common practice " to ship the brain inside a bag when it 's damaged during death .
He also told the AP that the bag containing the brain was placed in a casket with the rest of the remains for transport to New Mexico and eventual burial but that a family is typically encouraged to let the funeral home discard the bag rather than take it home with them .
Johnson added that " in due time " the truth will come out in regard to which funeral home made a mistake .
In the meantime , the family of the deceased woman is hoping to be awarded unspecified punitive damages for the trauma they have endured , according to their attorney .
" They 're angry , this just is n't right , " Valle said of his clients .
" We can't turn back time , unfortunately .
" Even [ author ] Stephen King would n't write something like this .
It 's too morbid , even for him . "
After an attempted terrorist attack on a flight from Amsterdam to Detroit , the Transportation Security Administration gave airline crews new discretion to deal with threats on U.S. - bound planes .
But a recent in - flight clash over a glass of orange juice shows that not everyone agrees about what constitutes an onboard threat .
The TSA issued a directive Dec. 28 saying airline crews could decide whether to prohibit passengers from having blankets , pillows and other personal items on their laps beginning one hour before landing .
The airline staff can also decide to keep passengers from getting to their carry - on baggage one hour before landing , if the crew considers it a threat to safety .
But long before the latest terrorist incident , flight crews and passengers have differed over what is acceptable behavior on a plane .
Advertisement
Take the orange juice incident on a Dec. 6 American Airlines flight from Sacramento to Dallas .
During the flight , first - class passenger John Reed said , a flight attendant gave him a written warning that his behavior could pose a threat because he ordered a glass of orange juice .
Reed took his case to several television news shows , where he described how his request for orange juice during breakfast service prompted a loud tirade from the flight attendant .
He said the attendant told him the request was inappropriate and suggested that he must be new to first - class seating .
Reed said he called her comment “ condescending . ”
She responded by issuing him a formal warning that he may face prosecution for interfering with a crew member .
Reed said his version of events was corroborated by several other passengers .
Advertisement
A few days later , an American Airlines spokesman issued a statement saying the carrier had launched a “ thorough investigation of the incident . ”
The airline has since said the investigation continues and would not discuss any potential disciplinary action that the flight attendant may face .
Reed has not been charged with a crime .
But a Federal Aviation Administration definition of in - flight threatening behavior leaves the matter open to some interpretation .
In a 2006 memo , the FAA listed four “ distinct threat levels ” that flight crews should report to aviation officials .
The threats range from “ disruptive behavior ” to “ attempted or actual breach of the flight deck . ”
In the memo , disruptive behavior was described as “ irrational behavior that creates the potential for physical conflict , nonviolent threatening behavior , verbal harassment , inebriation and threats ( both verbal and written ) . ”
Advertisement
The memo goes on to say that it is impossible to describe every behavior that could be seen as a threat .
So , the advisory suggested airline staff members “ use their core concepts for response to security events . ”
Passengers can disagree with flight crews over what constitutes a threat , but ultimately , FAA rules give flight crews the final say .
Under FAA regulations , “ the pilot in command of an aircraft is directly responsible for , and is the final authority as to the operation of that aircraft . ”
Because the flight crew acts on the pilot ’s behalf , it shares that authority .
Advertisement
Said FAA spokesman Ian Gregor : “ If they give you a safety - related request , you have to comply . ”
Ready for a full - body scan ?
The botched airline attack also prompted the TSA to require more thorough screening of passengers .
After the incident , the TSA announced it planned to order 300 full - body image screening machines , in addition to 150 units that the TSA had already scheduled to install at airports nationwide early this year .
Advertisement
Airline trade groups and business travel associations complained that airport security hassles could damp demand for air travel , just as the travel industry was showing signs of recovering from a yearlong slump .
“ We must find new screening techniques that strengthen security , protect privacy and reduce wait times and other hassles for travelers , ” said Roger Dow , president and CEO of the U.S. Travel Assn. , a nonprofit group that promotes travel in the U.S .
The length of delays , TSA officials said , might ultimately depend on how many passengers must go through the full body scan , and how many opt instead for the manual pat - down search .
Currently , it takes about 10 seconds for the average person to walk through a metal - detector scanner , the TSA said .
( This does not include the time it takes passengers to remove shoes , belts , etc. , run carry - on baggage through an X - ray screening unit , collect their belongings and get redressed . )
Advertisement
Security screeners and airline officials can then decide whether a passenger needs to go through one of the full - body screening units , which are capable of scanning one person every 12 to 15 seconds , according to the TSA .
But some passengers are likely to balk at entering these units , which create what looks like a nude image of their bodies .
For those who object , the alternative is to submit to a pat - down search by security agents , which takes an average of three to five minutes , the TSA said .
Now do the math .
Assume you are flying on a jet that seats 300 passengers .
In the best - case scenario , screening all 300 through a typical metal detector , barring any snafus , should take as little as 50 minutes .
That is assuming no passengers set off an alarm because they forgot to remove belt buckles or rings of keys .
Advertisement
In the worst - case scenario , TSA screeners could require all 300 passengers to pass through a full - body image screener and every passenger could opt for a pat - down search .
Under this scenario , the screening process for the flight should take up to , ugh , 25 hours .
Far - fetched ?
Yes .
Still , is it any wonder the airlines always remind passengers to get to the airport early ?
hugo.martin@latimes.com
Police are trying to determine whether five Americans detained in Pakistan had planned to attack a complex that houses nuclear power facilities .
The young Muslim men , who are from the Washington DC area , were arrested in Pakistan earlier this month .
Pakistani police and government officials have made a series of escalating and , at times , seemingly contradictory claims about the men 's intentions .
US officials have been far more cautious , but they , too , are looking at charging the men .
A Pakistani government official alleged on Saturday that the men had established contact with Taliban commanders and had planned to attack sites in Pakistan .
Earlier , however , local police accused the five of intending to fight in Afghanistan after meeting militant leaders .
The men allegedly had a map of Chashma Barrage , a complex that along with nuclear power facilities houses a water reservoir and other structures , said Javed Islam , a senior police official in the Sargodha area of Punjab province where the men were arrested .
He stressed that they were not carrying a specific map of a nuclear power plant , but a map of the whole Chashma Barrage .
The detained men had also exchanged emails about the area , Islam claimed .
" We are also working to retrieve the deleted material in their computers , " he said .
Pakistan has an arsenal of nuclear weapons , but also has nuclear power plants for civilian purposes .
Any nuclear activity in Pakistan tends to come under US scrutiny after the main architect of its atomic weapons programme , Abdul Qadeer Khan , was accused of leaking sensitive nuclear secrets .
But , as militancy has spread in Pakistan , officials have repeatedly insisted that the nuclear weapons programme is secure .
A Pakistani police official , Nazir Ahmad , told the Associated Press that the force would ask the courts to charge the five men with collecting and attempting to collect material to carry out terrorist activities in the country .
If convicted , the charges carry a sentence of from seven years to life in prison , he said .
Officials in Pakistan and America say they expect the suspects eventually to be deported back to the US , but charging the men in Pakistan could delay that process .
The country 's legal system can be slow and opaque .
In an interview with the Associated Press on Saturday , Punjab province 's law minister , Rana Sanaullah , claimed the men had established contact with Taliban commanders .
He said they planned to meet the Pakistani Taliban chief , Hakimullah Mehsud , and his deputy , Qari Hussain , in the tribal region before going on to attack sites inside Pakistan .
The nuclear power plant " might have been " one of the targets , Sanaullah alleged .
FBI agents have been granted some access to the men , who are being held in Lahore , capital of Punjab province , and are looking into what potential charges they could face in the US .
Possibilities include conspiracy to provide material support to a terrorist group .
The five were arrested in Sargodha earlier this month , but are being held in Lahore , the capital of Punjab province .
Kenyan authorities said Faisal was on an international terrorist watch - list
Kenya has attempted to deport controversial Jamaican Muslim preacher Abdullah al - Faisal for a second time in two weeks , a court has been told .
The government was ordered to produce Faisal , but state counsel Edwin Okello said : " The subject is no longer within the court 's jurisdiction . "
Mr Okello said the cleric , convicted in the UK for soliciting murder of Jews and Hindus , was heading for Jamaica .
However , a minister later reportedly said Faisal remained in Kenya .
Several countries have refused him a transit visa , leaving him stranded .
The government says Faisal is being deported because of his " terrorist history " .
' Negotiating '
Several hours after Thursday 's court hearing , Immigration Minister Otieno Kajwang told local radio stations that Faisal was still in the country .
" The position , as I came in here , was that we were still negotiating with the airlines and the countries that would give us transit . "
And Al - Amin Kimathi , leader of the Kenya Muslim Rights Forum , told the BBC the preacher was still at Nairobi airport .
Later , sources at the airport confirmed the plane had left but not until several hours after he had been due in court .
There is a heavy security presence in the coastal city of Mombasa on Friday , ahead of planned demonstrations against the government 's treatment of Faisal by Muslim groups .
Similar protests in Nairobi last week turned violent , leaving at least one person dead .
Bomber connection
Faisal was deported from the UK in 2007 after spending four years in jail .
The British government said one of the 7 July London suicide bombers , Germaine Lindsay , was heavily influenced by the cleric .
Shoe - bomber Richard Reid is said to have visited mosques where he preached in the UK .
Faisal has been in custody in Nairobi since his return from Nigeria .
Muslim groups launched a protest against his detention last Friday , which turned violent .
Hundreds of people were arrested and seven people have been charged over the riots - including Mr Kimathi .
BBC East Africa correspondent Will Ross says religious tension is rare in Kenya .
But he says the controversy surrounding Faisal has caused some apprehension and with Muslims promising more demonstrations , it is not clear if this is a storm that has yet blown over .
IF YOU'RE planning watch a DVD today , listen to a CD , play a computer game , go to a supermarket , browse the web , or do 100 other everyday tasks , spare a thought for the invention that has shaped our lives and revolutionised our manufacturing industries : the laser .
The name is an acronym for Light Amplification from the Stimulated Emission of Radiation .
It works by pumping electrical energy into a " gain medium " ( a gas , solid , liquid or plasma ) .
This stimulates the emission of light , which is then amplified by being passed backwards and forwards in a cavity .
In its simplest form , this consists of mirrors at either end .
Light bounces back and forth off them , each time passing through the gain medium , and is amplified with each pass .
Typically one mirror , called the output coupler , is partially transparent , which is how the output laser beam is emitted .
A laser beam is special because it's what physicists call " coherent " ; it consists of waves that all have the same frequency and are in step with one another .
This makes it different from , say , a flashlight beam , the light waves from which will have different frequencies and typically be out of phase with one another .
The reason we 're celebrating the laser this year is that 50 years ago Theodore Maiman , a researcher at the Hughes Research Labs , built the first one , using a ruby crystal to produce a beam of red light .
Later the same year , a group of physicists built the first gas laser , using a mixture of helium and neon .
Since then the technology has been developed , miniaturised , commoditised , extended and deployed to the point where it 's virtually impossible to find a manufactured product that has n't encountered a laser at some stage in its creation or use .
When you play a DVD , a semiconductor laser less than a millimetre wide scans the disc 's surface .
The intricate cutting and welding of the steel in your car door was done by lasers .
The internet 's backbone runs mainly via laser light transmitted along fibre - optic cables .
Every supermarket checkout uses a laser beam to scan barcodes .
American forces in Afghanistan are now using powerful lasers mounted on Humvees to detonate any roadside bombs ahead of them .
Lasers are thus a critical part of our technological infrastructure , yet no one involved in the research that led to them had any inkling of what their investigations would produce .
The original idea goes back to a paper Albert Einstein published in 1917 on " The Quantum Theory of Radiation " about the absorption , spontaneous emission and stimulated emission of electromagnetic radiation .
For 40 years , stimulated emission was of absorbing interest to quantum physicists , but of little interest to anyone else – certainly to nobody in government .
Which brings us to Lord Mandelson , now in charge of all government funding of universities and academic research .
He has no personal experience of research in science or technology , but , like many people whose minds are unclouded by knowledge , has strong views on these matters .
In his first speech after taking control of Britain 's research spending , for example , he " made no apology for prioritising research that would contribute to Britain 's future prosperity " .
The occasion was the celebration of the centenary of the Science Museum , and Mandy left his listeners in no doubt that he will continue government policy of allocating more of the £ 6bn science budget to areas with commercial applications – in other words , areas that the government ( and its industrial advisers ) think will yield short - term benefits for Britain .
Meanwhile , at the Higher Education Funding Council for England , the geniuses who presided over the disaster of the Research Assessment Exercise – which sets funding to universities based on the perceived " value " of their research – have been adjusting to the Mandel­son line .
They are working on a " Research Excellence Framework " which will require applicants for funding to cite " demonstrable benefits to the economy , society , public policy , culture and quality of life " .
This bodes ill for any scientist or engineer interested in curiosity - driven research .
The laser has become vital for our way of life , yet no researcher who worked on it after Einstein 's paper could have predicted what would emerge .
If Mandelson had had anything to do with it , we'd be reading barcodes by flashlight .
Apple has clearly hurt Adobe ’s feelings .
When Steve Jobs demonstrated an iPad at Wednesday ’s tablet event , its Safari browser clearly did not support Flash .
Adobe has published a blog post calling Flash the Apple iPad ’s “ broken link . ”
And now Adobe ’s platform evangelist Lee Brimelow has compiled an illustrative montage ( partly screengrabbed above ) in an effort to illustrate what the lack of Flash means for the iPad .
Note row two , column two .
Adobe has included a porn site .
Though porn is certainly relevant to many people ’s web experiences , that ’s kind of a desperate move .
My friend Matt Drance , Apple ’s former iPhone evangelist , summed up what this means on Twitter : “ Adobe has resorted to playing the porn card .
It ’s over . ”
Update : Brimelow has updated his post to remove the porn image , explaining it was a joke — not something we disputed .
He also notes that he is only speaking for himself and not on behalf of Adobe .
However , we consider him a representative of Adobe because he is the company ’s Flash evangelist , and his post is related to his work at Adobe .
Meanwhile , Daring Fireball ’s John Gruber has posted his response to Brimelow ’s montage with an interesting observation :
Flash evangelist Lee Brimelow made his little poster showing what a bunch of Flash - using web sites look like without Flash without actually looking to see how they render on MobileSafari .
Ends up a bunch of them , including the porno site , already have iPhone - optimized versions with no blue boxes , and video that plays just fine as straight - up H.264 .
i Phone visitors to these sites have no idea they ’re missing anything because , well , they ’re not missing anything .
For a few other of the sites Brimelow cited , like Disney and Spongebob Squarepants , there are dedicated native iPhone apps .
Kendall Helmstetter Gelner put together this version of Brimelow ’s chart using actual screenshots from MobileSafari , the App Store , and native iPhone apps .
The only two blue boxes left : FarmVille and Hulu .
See Also :
App :
By :
Cost :
Description :
Comments :
App :
By :
Cost :
Description :
Comments :
App :
By :
Cost :
Description :
Comments :
App :
By :
Cost :
Description :
Comments :
App :
By :
Cost :
Description :
Comments :
App :
By :
Cost :
Description :
Comments :
Conclusions :
One research component for my guidebook to contemporary architecture in New York City is determining what would work as a digital companion for it , if anything .
Many options exist ( map overlays , PDF " tear sheets " ) , but the obvious trend these days is the iPhone app .
Below are a sampling of GPS architecture apps that I know of , though there 's probably more , if not now than soon enough .
Commentary is a bit minimal , as I do n't have an iPhone and therefore have n't used any of these apps .
$ 3.99 after 3 - day free trial " Travel to any place in the world and this guide will tell you , where the most interesting buildings around you are located .
It will tell the story behind the building and the architect , displays two pictures for every project and gives you walking or driving directions .
" Text and pics ( not maps ) are stored on phone , so it is usable without GPS ( a criticism I 've seen of other GPS apps ) and can be used on the iPod Touch .
Not sure how many buildings are included as of now or how they are dispersed geographically .
$ 2.99 for each Tour " The FanGuide Tour and Audio Companion is a multifacted , interactive tour guide designed to profile significant architecture in a dynamic and easy - to - use manner .
"
Only four tours are available now , with one in LA and three in and around Chicago .
Bonus audio and video is included with maps available offline .
TBD ( My guess is free , since MIMOA is looking for advertisers . ) " This iPhone app will show all nearby architectural projects , and offers extra information on opening hours , how to get there , and of course photos and descriptions .
" None , as app is forthcoming .
MIMOA has a huge database of projects , most in Europe , that will make the app fuller than others .
Free ( supported by advertising ) " A visually stunning GPS enabled broadband magazine application that daily showcases a piece of engaging architecture from around the world ... from early modernism to bold statements of new structures and new ideas and new talent .
" Includes a radar function that indicates proximity to the featured editorial .
Not sure how well the daily feature works for travel in specific cities ; learning that one is 3,000 miles from the daily feature seems discouraging .
archINFORM content layer ( for Layar Reality Browser Unknown ( Layar pulled from App Store due to crashes " [ In Layar a ] real­time camera view is over­layed [ sic ] by related meta infor­mation .
This data is re­quested on­line from different inter­net sources .
archINFORM is one of them !
By holding the phone in front of you like a normal camera , you can see now not only building re­lated in­for­mation on top of reality , but also the nearest archi­tecture offices .
" Looks cool if more complicated and requirement - intensive than other apps .
That the Layar app crashed and is not available on iPhone means one can only use it with Android Free ( project support from the Van Alen Institute New York Prize Fellowship ) " Other Futures [ the first tour ] let you view visionary designs for the City of New York created by architects and artist of the last century .
Walk through the metropolis and see Buckminster Fuller 's dome over midtown Manhattan , Antonio Gaudi 's unbuilt cathedral , and Archigram 's pop-futurist Walking City , while standing on the projects ' intended sites .
" A really cool idea , but unfortunately one can only see information on projects when within range of the site .
This trait , as well as arranged meet - ups , give the app a social function as well as a means to experience the city by seeing what 's not there . : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : : These GPS apps indicate that architectural content for the iPhone and other devices are in an early phase , still being figured out in terms of content , usability and cost .
There 's plenty of potential , but the basic idea of finding buildings and learning about them with text descriptions , photos , and audio / video seems to be the norm .
GPS capabilities allows people to find out about buildings nearby , even if they were n't on the lookout for them , and that 's certainly a positive trait .
I 'm not sure if a free app with banner ads is better than paying one or two bucks for something that will have content added over time .
If the app is good enough ( the above average 2.5 - 3 stars out of 5 on the iTunes App Store ) it should be worth spending a little money on it , just like a good guidebook is worth the expense .
The above apps do n't make me want to run out and buy an iPhone , but they do make me strongly consider this sort of thing for a digital companion to my book .
But I 'm torn by the exclusivity of providing functionality to only those owning such a device , even though I acknowledge that the internet is moving towards mobile communications as the dominant interface .
Ideally the digital companion will work on a home computer and an iPhone or Android or similar , while also allowing one to print out information as desired ... the best of all ( digital ) worlds .
Update 01.19 : Just found out about NAi's augmented reality application Sara , via designboom .
It appears to be a hybrid of The Phantom City and archINFORM 's apps , melding the latter 's Layar format with the former 's focus on unbuilt architecture , though Sara also provides buildings slated for construction ... some day .
One of the many ironies of the trans life is the fact that oftentimes your worst enemies can be found among the very people you should be able to trust most .
One who spends much time in any number of activist circles will not take long to learn this the hard way .
The LGBTQ movement as a whole is legendary for its internal strife and battles between cis LGB people who feel the T really ought not be there .
Never mind the Q .
But today we ’re going to focus on the other bastion of sad , activist irony in this sordid and political mess : feminism .
Feminism , near and dear to my heart , is a force for good in this world , ultimately .
Its basic tenets have lent me much strength in recent years , and a great deal of pride in myself ; the perfect antidote to the shame that trans women are so often made to live with .
It was second nature for me to find the numerous intersections between feminism and trans activism , and to see how the issues trans women face are often times part and parcel of wider misogyny .
What has so often puzzled me is why some feminists like the execrable Julie Bindel ca n’t see them .
The answer , at the end of the day , lies in the fact that they do not know us and they do not care to know us .
Otherwise they would n’t destroy the work of their foremothers with every stroke of their pens , now would they ?
How can I make this charge ?
It ’s quite simple really : there are a lot of arguments transphobic ‘ feminists ’ use against trans people and all of them are entirely hypocritical from a feminist point of view .
The arguments only make sense if you see trans people are some kind of set type , where we ’re all the same and all caricatures in precisely the same ways .
What are those arguments ?
Trans women are parodies of femininity .
This is a popular mainstay among radfems who insist that we ’re all caricatures of women who , as Julie Bindel might put it , wear ‘ fuck me heels ’ and have ‘ birds nest hair ’ or who all look like 50s - era , Mrs. Cleaver style women .
This idea allows them to portray us as agents of patriarchy who fetishise clothing and other feminine trappings and thus pose as ersatz women to complete the illusion .
So we become the bad guys !
Emphasis on guys , of course .
I do not need to go into great detail about why this is stupid .
Suffice it to ask : how many trans women do you know who dress and act like fembots ?
We encompass the same vast diversity that is reflected in all women : from butch to femme and everything in between , to every character trait , interest , spiritual pursuit , comportment , or ideal you can think of .
There ’s a trans woman for that .
But this neglects a broader point , after all .
How is it a hypocrisy to feminism ?
Because it relies on media stereotypes and nothing more .
The only way you could get away with believing that , as Ms. Bindel does , the world would look like the set of * Grease * if everyone were transsexual people is by not knowing real trans people and going by the ample number of caricatures of trans women readily available throughout the media .
This violates a feminist shibboleth : hear the voices of real women .
Real trans women would show them such stereotypes are untrue , and the testimony of their experience should matter more than what one sees in * The Crying Game . *
It also violates a second shibboleth : do not take media imagery as gospel .
We as feminists spend a great deal of time critiquing the media precisely because it presents a false image of the world , and of women in particular .
To go by what the media says about trans women with total unquestioning faith , when one knows what ’s going on , is rank hypocrisy .
Trans women ’s femininity is imposed on them by doctors .
This may sound somewhat innocuous , if conspicuously lacking in detail , but it is another popular trope of certain ‘ feminists ’ to suggest that we are made into fembots who wear pounds of makeup and favour hairstyles that went out of fashion in 1969 because psychiatrists made us do it in an effort to reinforce the patriarchy .
The funny thing is , that statement by itself is not wrong .
Many trans women have unpleasant stories to share about how psychiatrists would chide them for wearing trousers ( even those cut for women ) and would not consider them to be ‘ making progress ’ unless they acted as feminine as possible , often hyperbolically feminine .
The stories get much worse certainly and there is a lot of room for a feminist response to this barbarous behaviour on the part of psychiatrists , which even continues to this day in some ( thankfully diminishing ) quarters .
After all , it is misogyny that motivates these therapists who gleefully seek to control women .
Yet what do the ‘ feminists ’ do ?
Blame us for it .
This violates what is perhaps Rule 1 of Feminism 101 : do n’t blame the fucking victim .
Many trans women who underwent this harrowing will tell you they did n’t enjoy it and shrugged off the mantle of false femininity at their earliest convenience .
But for feminists to blame us for this as if we were in collusion with the psychs and in control of the whole process is laughable .
Our lack of control over the psychiatric establishment ’s response to us has been a major problem for years .
Trans women should use the men ’s restroom and other male sex- segregated facilities .
One may note that this is an irony among ironies in that it ’s a popular demand of the Christian Right as well .
But this one is often trumpeted by feminists and I find it to be a very curious demand indeed coming from a movement that quite rightly spends a great deal of time fighting the ongoing sexual and physical abuse of women in the world .
How could a feminist in good conscience demand that by law a woman should force herself into a male sex - segregated facility with no regard for her personal safety ?
Do these people sincerely believe there ’s no risk to trans women ?
It is not a part time job , being a woman .
It is not something I can switch off so that I can take a wazz .
It ’s who I am .
I am a woman .
At best you are asking me to humiliate myself by walking into a men ’s room only to get tossed out , and at worst you ’re putting me in a place where I could easily get hurt , whether or not I have conditional cissexual privilege at the time .
How can a feminist violate one of the highest rules of all : reduce violence against women ?
Under any circumstance if such a law were being proposed feminists would rightly tear it down as misogynist madness .
A law that made Muslim women use the men ’s facilities , for example .
This is no different .
I know this trans woman and she likes pink / wears makeup / likes sexy lingerie , no real woman does that !
You ’ll notice a lot of these are related and are often variations on the same argument ( most feeding into the Big Fallacy at the end of this list ) , but I ’m taking them separately to address key issues with each manifestation .
In this instance what you have is an ostensible feminist talking about what good women ‘ ought to be . ’
This is playing with fire , certainly .
Patriarchal fire , one might say .
At its heart , it ’s cissexism .
Cis women can shop at Victoria ’s Secret and not be misgendered , but a trans woman cannot .
One might argue there ’s a No True Scotsman fallacy in this as well .
It ’s also a feminist hypocrisy in particular because it involves one woman guilting another over her choices .
A great many women , quite a lot of feminists among them , are sexual and proud of it .
It ’s been a time honoured feminist tradition to not shame women because of their sexual behaviour .
So why do it to trans women for their choice of dress , underwear , makeup or whatever ?
Making a woman feel dirty because of those choices has long been the preserve of patriarchs and their enablers .
Why carry that water just to splash a trans woman with it ?
In the case of pink and other stereotypes , would you presume to go up to a cis woman wearing a pink blouse and tell her that her Woman Card was revoked ?
I did n’t think so .
Trans women ’s penises are symbols of male power and thus threatening .
This is , in particular , an argument often used to exclude trans women from women - only safe spaces on the grounds that it might upset a rape victim .
It is , however , very much worth mentioning that this argument is oftentimes not made by those rape victims , only ever in absentia by women who claim to be speaking for them .
That ’s known as appropriating , especially when it ’s done in bad faith ( as it is here to justify discrimination ) .
In stereotyping , speaking for , and using rape victims feminists are committing a pretty grievous sin that is only compounded by its use to legitimise hateful stereotyping .
Against other women .
But back to the matter of this symbol of male power …
Aside from the matter that they would n’t know I had one unless I told them ( Schroedinger ’s Cock ? ) , are these so called feminists seriously suggesting to me that they are going to allow a penis to have that much power ?
Well , what if I were post operative ?
Evidently , I ’m told , the ghost of my penis is sufficient to disqualify me from true womanhood .
I see , so a feminist is allowing the mere spectre of a phallus to overshadow all else ?
Alternately , she is reducing everything about this woman to a penis .
Everything she is : her personality , her way of life , her hopes , dreams , fears , experiences , and all else about her , is erased and reduced to that knob of flesh .
That is the exact opposite of feminism .
Too often women are reduced to their body parts .
How is this any different ?
Feminism stands against phallocentrism .
Why indulge in it so much just to discriminate against women ?
Trans women seek to reify the gender binary !
This is a biggie and it often starts off most “ feminist ” rants against us .
But I saved it for last because it rests on such an elementary and basic fallacy that I ’m astonished people still use it .
The fiction goes like this : instead of seeking new and vibrant ways of expressing ourselves as , say , men , we ’re resorting instead to this parody of femininity that only serves to reinforce the gender binary that feminism has tried to smash .
After all , gender is a social construct , yes ?
We ’re rocking the boat !
We ’re totally reifying the idea that a person is stuck in a predetermined role into which they are born ! .. Wait .
Remember the whole reason trans women are being picked on in the first place , yes ?
Because we were born with wee wees , that ’s essentially why .
Emphasis on the word ‘ essentially . ’
Now , remember that they ’re saying we are reinforcing the binary ?
Well , what pray tell , is more binary than asserting someone born with a penis could only ever be your idea of a man ?
In attempting to tar us as being anti-constructionist they ended up making a mind bogglingly essentialist argument that undermines the whole enterprise .
Wrapped up in that is the corollary that a woman is , and must be , essentially a vagina .
How could any self respecting feminist ever court that kind of nonsense ?
If gender is indeed societal , then what difference do genitals make ?
What ’s more transgressive than seizing my womanhood in the face of mountains of societal opposition to the idea ?
That , to me , seems pretty bloody feminist .
A woman forced to be a man instead fights proudly for her womanhood !
It ’d make a good movie .
Maybe if Julie Bindel saw it she ’d realise we do n’t all have ‘ birds nest hair ’ ?
She seems to swallow everything else the media tells her …
Bitterness aside , these are some of the biggest hypocrisies of the feminist movement for certain .
For feminists to take a group of women and judge them entirely by media images , blaming them for their victimisation , silencing or failing to hear their voices , devaluing their experience , and applying biological essentialism to them is beyond bad faith hypocrisy .
It ’s something that undermines the very foundations of the movement .
Women can not do this to other women .
Least of all if they claim the mantle of women ’s rights .
Feminism is for all of us , and that is what I ’ve always stood for .
It was never meant to be the club of upper class white cis women that it became .
Pursuant to that idea , I ’m taking it back .
I ’m normally not the sort to police labels , but I put feminist in quotes many times in this article because I have a very hard time accepting that any person calling themselves a feminist could simultaneously be so hateful to any group of women .
To say “ I ’m a feminist for everyone except trans women ” is a contradiction in terms .
The term feminism is marvellously elastic and encompasses many definitions and many ideas , several of them mutually exclusive or contradictory .
Yet that elasticity simply snaps when one throws bigotry against a group of women into the mix .
It is , as I said , a contradiction in terms .
There is one final matter I have not explained in great detail and it is the notion that in feminism experience matters more than anything and is the testimony from whence our strength and knowledge derives .
For any group of people that have been marginalised this is a fine policy .
Shared experience is strength , for it reminds one that they are n’t alone and reminds one of realities and institutional problems others would deny out of ignorance and privilege .
Lived experience tells one ’s story and can light the fire of one ’s activism .
It is to be heard and not silenced ; valued and not cast aside .
Yet these radical feminists who make the arguments I ’ve debunked above are failing on that most basic premise : honour the experiences of your fellow women .
Do not just go by what you see in the media .
Hear us .
Read us .
Learn about us .
As I said before , the only way those arguments could possibly work in your mind is if you do n’t know us .
SACRAMENTO — State Controller John Chiang issued a stern warning Friday about California ’s cash reserves , telling legislative leaders and Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger they must act on nearly $ 9 billion in budget cuts the governor is seeking by March — or the state will run out of cash to pay its bills .
Without making those cuts — which Chiang says will pump $ 1.3 billion into the state ’s checking account — California would be broke by April 1 , no fooling .
The state would n’t climb back to what ’s considered a safe level of cash on hand , $ 2.5 billion , until later that month , when tax revenues are expected to begin flowing into Sacramento .
“ While our current cash condition is marginally better than it was one year ago , ” Chiang wrote to leaders , “ it is still precarious . ”
Even with the budget cuts , the state ’s cash reserve would still be far below that cushion in March and April .
To that end , Chiang is calling for an additional $ 2 billion in cash - flow “ solutions . ”
Looking at previous cash crunches , that could mean some payments , like income tax refunds , would be delayed for a few weeks to keep the cushion intact .
“ Call it overdraft insurance , ” said H.D. Palmer , spokesman for the state Finance Department .
He stressed that officials are still huddling over specific solutions .
If the budget gridlock lingers all the way to July , then IOUs could come back into play .
And because many budget cuts require months of ramp - up to take effect , delaying action on a new budget could inflate the state ’s overall $ 19.9 billion deficit by $ 2 billion , Palmer warned .
“ Inaction ignores the projected cash shortfall which we face in less than 70 days , ” Chiang wrote .
“ Only you can prevent history from repeating this year . ”
Contact Denis C. Theriault at 916-441-4651 .
Whether or not Republican Scott Brown captures the Senate seat in Massachusetts today , his surging and successful campaign is a fire bell in the night for the Party of Government .
For Brown has run as an independent , an outsider , a protest candidate .
His principal target : the health care reform bill that is the altarpiece of the Barack Obama presidency and lifetime achievement of Harry Reid and Nancy Pelosi .
For a full year , Obama , Reid , Pelosi and the leading acolytes of their party and media auxiliaries have been selling this plan as a historic Democratic reform to rival the Civil Rights Act and Social Security .
Yet in this Kennedy compound , the only state to be carried by George McGovern , people want to take this bill out to the crossroads at midnight and kill it .
Brown made this race competitive by promising to bring the wooden stake to drive through its heart .
How Democratic is Massachusetts ?
Democratic registration is three times that of the Republicans .
The party controls both houses of the legislature by huge margins , and holds every statewide office , both U.S. Senate seats and all 10 U.S. House seats .
Massachusetts is a Democrat fiefdom , a one - party state .
Independents , however , outnumber Democrats , an indication of the growing disillusionment with both national parties in America
What , then , is the message out of Massachusetts ?
For Democrats , the only good news is they got this wake - up call in January .
They are on notice now that if they push their health care reform plan to passage and attempt to ride to victory on Democratic registration this fall , they could be vulnerable in almost every state .
Massachusetts today is conclusive evidence that Obama and his party misread the election returns of 2008 .
By November , George W. Bush was at 27 percent ; 80 percent thought the country was headed in the wrong direction ; 92 percent thought the economy was poor or worse .
As James Carville said , if the party can’t win with these numbers , it ought to go into a new line of work .
The one attribute Americans wanted most in its next president was that he be for “ change . ”
And Obama had cornered the market on change , while John McCain had voted 90 percent with Bush .
But instead of seeing the election as a repudiation of the Bush Republicans , Obama , Pelosi and Reid read it as an embrace of their wonderful selves and a national cry for more government .
Following Rahm ’s Rule — never let a crisis go to waste !
—
Obama and his party took the collapse of the banks and spreading economic chaos to attempt the greatest leap forward in federal power since World War II .
Most Americans understood candidate Obama ’s health care plans to mean that folks who could not afford care would be able to get it , whatever their conditions .
As the plan evolved , however , it grew in the eyes of the public into precisely what the Tea Party and town - hall protesters said it was : a federal takeover of one - sixth of the economy .
Bureaucrats would decide who gets what care , when and for how long .
And a panoply of new taxes , fees and regulations would be imposed , producing a revenue windfall for the federal government and a quantum leap in power for federal bureaucrats .
What Massachusetts is telling the nation is that the Tea Party people have won the argument , America does n’t want this bill and either put it down or we remember in November .
Indeed , the crisis of the Democratic Party today may be found in a story this Monday by CNS .
It seems that an ABC / Washington Post poll found that , when asked , “ Generally speaking , would you say you favor smaller government with fewer services or larger government with more services ? ” 58 percent of Americans favored smaller government with fewer services to 38 percent who favor more government and more services .
The Post , however , reportedly saw fit not to mention the results of this question in its news story about the poll .
Which is understandable .
Why would you publish a poll that says three in five Americans reject your political philosophy ?
In the near term , what is happening in Massachusetts is good news for the GOP .
What it says is that , no matter the weakness of the party label or brand , independents will vote Republican if that is the only alternative to the party in power .
The GOP can thus run this fall as the only effective force left in Washington that can block the Democrats ’ drive for power .
The GOP problem arises when the presidential season begins in spring 2011 .
For what Republican ran last time for cutting back George Bush ’s big government ?
Who ran against expansion of NATO into Ukraine and Georgia ?
Who opposed war in Iraq ?
Who stood up and said no to No Child Left Behind or Medicare coverage of prescription drugs ?
Who in the Republican Party today is calling for a Barry Goldwater - like rollback of federal power and federal programs ?
Except Ron Paul .
The Best of Patrick J. Buchanan
The US has just missed a deadline to close the prison camp A task force on the US prison camp at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , has advised that 47 inmates should be held indefinitely without trial , officials say .
It is thought to be the first time that officials have given a figure for those who might be held without charge .
A US civil liberties group has said detainees should not be held without due process in Guantanamo or elsewhere .
The news came as the deadline US President Barack Obama had set himself for closing the prison camp passed .
The task force , led by the US justice department , recommended that while 35 people could be prosecuted through trials or military tribunals , 110 could be released either now or at a later date , unnamed officials said .
The other nearly 50 detainees are considered too dangerous to release , but cannot be tried because the evidence against them is too flimsy or was extracted from them by coercion , so would not hold up in court .
' Dismay ' Congress has laid down that only those to be tried can be moved to US soil , so the question of what to do with those to be detained indefinitely without trial has yet to be resolved .
Just as important as closing the prison quickly is closing it right
Anthony Romero
American Civil Liberties Union
The BBC's Adam Brookes says the outcome will dismay many of Mr Obama 's supporters , who had hoped the president would end the practice of detention without trial .
The American Civil Liberties Union was quick to react to the task force 's reported recommendations .
" Just as important as closing the prison quickly is closing it right , and that means putting an end to the illegal policy of indefinite detention without charge or trial , " said the group 's executive director , Anthony Romero .
" This practice was wrong in Cuba and would remain so here [ in the US ] , reducing the closure of Guantanamo to a symbolic gesture . "
A White House official stressed that this was only a recommendation , which Mr Obama does not have to accept .
The task force 's findings are subject to review by the National Security Council .
More than 40 detainees have been transferred out of the prison under the Obama administration .
But diplomatic hurdles and domestic opposition to the government 's plan to house suspects on US soil have hampered his plans to close it down completely .
Plans to move detainees approved for trial to a prison facility in Illinois remain under consideration .
Yemen suspension
The task force recommended that among those cleared for release , 80 detainees , including about 30 Yemenis , could be freed immediately , the Washington Post said .
The panel said the release of another 30 Yemenis should be contingent on an improved situation in Yemen , the newspaper reported .
However , the US recently suspended the repatriation of Yemeni prisoners indefinitely , following an airliner bomb plot that was allegedly planned in Yemen .
Yemenis account for approximately half of the inmates at Guantanamo .
Mr Obama set himself the 22 January deadline a year ago , shortly after being sworn in .
He has subsequently said he wants the camp closed this year , without setting a specific deadline .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Icarus : An Early Look at Communications
The Project Icarus weblog is up and running in the capable hands of Richard Obousy ( Baylor University ) .
The notion is to re-examine the classic Project Daedalus final report , the first detailed study of a starship , and consider where these technologies stand today .
Icarus is a joint initiative between the Tau Zero Foundation and the British Interplanetary Society , the latter being the spark behind the original Daedalus study , and we ’ll follow its fortunes closely in these pages .
For today , I want to draw your attention to Pat Galea ’s recent article on the Icarus blog on communications .
‘ High latency , high bandwidth ’ is an interesting way to consider interstellar signaling .
Suppose , for example , that we do something that on the face of it seems absurd .
We send a probe to a nearby star and , as one method of data return , we send another probe back carrying all the acquired data .
Disregard the obvious propulsion problem for a moment — from a communications standpoint , the idea makes sense .
‘ High latency , high bandwidth ’ translates into huge amounts of data delivered over long periods of time .
I remember Vint Cerf , the guru of TCP / IP , reminding a small group of researchers at JPL ‘ Never underestimate the bandwidth of a pickup truck carrying a full load of DVDs , ’ a reference commonly used in descriptions of the latency issue .
I was sitting in on that meeting , taking furious notes and anxious to learn more about how the basic Internet protocols would have to be juggled to cope with the demands of deep space communications .
And the point was clear :
If the wait time is not an issue , then low tech , high bandwidth makes a lot of sense .
From the interstellar perspective , alas , we do n’t have the propulsion technologies or the patience for this kind of communication .
Radio is infinitely better , but we face the problem of beam spread over distance , even with higher and higher radio frequencies being employed .
The Daedalus team had two approaches , summed up here by Pat :
a . Make the engine ’s reaction chamber be a parabolic dish shape .
When the boost phase has ended , use this dish as an enormous reflector to focus the radio transmissions back to Earth .
b. On Earth ( or in near - Earth space ) , set up a huge array of parabolic dish receivers .
( An array of receivers is almost as effective as a single receiver of the same size as the array . )
This allows much more of the signal to be picked up than would be possible with just a single large dish .
( The design was based on the proposed Project Cyclops , which was to be used to search for signals from extra-terrestrial intelligence . )
When we turn to laser communications , things get a good deal better .
Extensive testing at JPL and other research centers has shown that much higher bandwidth can return data from deep space for the same amount of power as would be used in more conventional radio systems .
Indeed , this is the approach JPL ’s James Lesh uses in his study of communications from a Centauri probe .
Lesh knows all about propulsion issues , but he ’s straightforward in saying that if we surmounted those problems and did reach Centauri with a substantial payload , a laser communications system would be practicable .
Not that it would be easy .
Galea again :
Over interstellar distances , despite the fact that lasers create a very tight beam , the beam spreading does cause a problem .
The laser also has to be aimed very accurately , and this aim has to be maintained .
The tiniest amount of jitter in the craft could cause the beam to miss the target completely .
This would be a very tough engineering challenge , combining navigation ( so that the craft knows exactly how it is oriented , and exactly where the target is ) and control ( so that it is actually able to point the laser accurately at the target ) .
Pat also gets into Claudio Maccone ’s interesting notion of using gravitational foci at both Sun and destination star , with a craft at each focus along the line joining them and the two stars .
In such a scenario , power requirements are at an absolute minimum , but the trick is the engineering , which assumes a level of technology at the target star that we would not have in place with our early probes .
Further into the future , though , a gravitational lensing approach could indeed be used to establish powerful communications links between distant colonies around other stars .
As the Icarus weblog gains momentum , it will be fascinating to watch background articles like these emerge and to keep up with team members as they report on the progress of the project .
I recommend adding the Project Icarus blog to your RSS feed .
Pat Galea includes a list of references at the end of his article , and I ’ll add the Lesh paper , which is “ Space Communications Technologies for Interstellar Missions , ” Journal of the British Interplanetary Society 49 ( 1996 ) , pp. 7 –14 .
According to multiple eyewitness reports Friday , including from the Associated Press and from participants in the hearings , a three - judge panel of the US Court of Appeals for the DC Circuit in Washington yesterday , hearing oral arguments in the Comcast v. FCC case challenging possible net neutrality regulation , appeared skeptical of the FCC 's authority to enforce such regulation based on a policy statement , rather than law .
At issue in this landmark case is whether the US Federal Communications Commission has the authority under law to force Comcast not to implement per-application throttling techniques in the name of network management -- for instance , slowing down BitTorrent traffic .
Back in August 2008 , the FCC found Comcast in violation of rules , and ordered the company to cease any network management practice that discriminated against lawful services that customers could use for lawful purposes .
Last November , Comcast issued its brief challenging the Commission 's right to impose such an order .
The company 's theory is that a regulatory agency such as the FCC cannot issue an order based on a policy -- something that Congress has not enacted into law .
Advertisement
" For the FCC to conclude that an entity has acted in violation of federal law and to take enforcement action for such a violation , there must have been ' law ' to violate , " reads Comcast 's appeal .
Citing established case law , the company continues , " Because ' [t ] he Commission 'has no constitutional or common law existence or authority , but only those authorities conferred upon it by Congress , '' ... the ' law ' in an FCC proceeding must be either a statutory provision or an agency rule or precedent properly promulgated pursuant to an underlying statute .
Here , no such law existed .
Specifically , neither the Policy Statement that the FCC actually enforced against Comcast , nor the statutory provisions that the agency professed to enforce , are binding legal norms that governed the conduct at issue .
[ Thus ] the Policy Statement is unenforceable as a matter of law . "
Ironically , after finding themselves unable to pass meaningful legislation on its own , leaders in Congress deferred to the FCC to develop regulations that would effectively define net neutrality and other principles in the US .
New FCC Chairman Julius Genachowski elevated himself to prime candidacy for appointment by Pres.
Obama after having established himself as a champion of net neutrality .
But not Genachowski may find himself inheriting a Catch - 22 - like situation set up by his predecessors .
Under US law , telecommunications service may be directly regulated by the FCC .
But in 2002 , the Commission effectively classified broadband as an " information service , " which is somewhat distinct , and by law must be regulated differently .
That year , the Supreme Court decided that the FCC does have some authority to regulate the Internet as it defined it at the time , though in a limited and " ancillary " sense .
What did the high court mean by " ancillary ? "
In an amicus brief filed last November , policy advocates led by the Free Press organization noted that the court allowed the FCC to block or approve of mergers in the Internet space .
Evidently , they argued , that meant the FCC was presumed to have the authority to protect the public interest as it pertained to the Internet , thus -- by default -- classifying such protection as " ancillary . "
" The FCC 's interpretation of its authority under the Communications
Act is clearly reasonable in light of the statutory language , and in light of Supreme Court and circuit precedent , including this Court's , " Free Press wrote to the Appeals Court .
" Well established precedents uphold similar exercises of ancillary jurisdiction by the FCC .
Furthermore , the factual context of this order -- actions by a facilities - based provider of communications to leverage gatekeeper control of physical facilities -- lie at the core of the history of ancillary jurisdiction .
Upholding the FCC 's jurisdiction here would not extend the doctrine of ancillary jurisdiction , but would rather be fully consistent with precedent . "
Free Press then went on to try to turn Comcast 's argument on its ear , suggesting that the " statutory responsibilities " which should distinguish an enforceable law from an unenforceable rule or practice , as Comcast referred to them , are themselves not encoded into US law and may therefore not be used as a legal gauge .
These arguments formed the basis of Friday 's oral arguments before the Appeals Court .
But according to the legal news service Law360 , attorneys for the Open Internet Foundation -- intervenors in the case which , like Free Press , support the FCC -- emerged from the courtroom believing judges were grilling the Commission 's lawyers , and may perhaps rule in favor of Comcast -- overturning the FCC order .
That news may have impacted the substance of Chairman Genachowski's public discussion on the federal broadband plan , held at CES 2010 Friday afternoon .
There , the Chairman turned up the volume on the need for broadband regulation , citing what he described as a " spectrum crisis " looming on the horizon -- what others have termed the " exaflood . "
The proclivity of broadband operators such as Comcast to manage and set limits on certain Internet services on a per-application basis , the argument goes , may be moderated by allocating more spectrum for use by the Internet .
But Comcast is not a wireless operator ; and the tendency to frame the Internet as a wireless service demonstrates the proclivity of the Commission to shift the ball game onto its home turf -- the public airwaves .
Genachowski has often referred to the public Internet and the public airwaves on equal footing , although the fact that Internet wires are owned and operated by private companies is certainly on the minds of the Appeals Court judges .
So Genachowski's public statement in response to yesterday 's news may not end up helping his case : " This case underscores the importance of the FCC 's ongoing rulemaking to preserve the free and open Internet .
I remain confident the Commission possesses the legal authority it needs and look forward to reviewing the court 's decision when it issues . "
The climate change that took place in Mesopotamia around 2000 BC did not lead to war , but in fact led to the development of a new shared identity .
Although increasing drought often leads to competition and conflict , there seems to be no evidence of this in northern Mesopotamia according to Dutch researcher Arne Wossink .
Wossink studied how the farmers and nomads in northern Mesopotamia -- currently the border area between Turkey , Syria and Iraq -- responded to the changes in climate that took place between 3000 and 1600 BC .
He expected to find considerable evidence of competition : as food and water became scarcer the natural result could well be conflict .
He discovered , however , that the farmers developed much closer bonds with the semi-nomadic cattle farmers .
Competition caused by rapid population growth
The archaeologist analysed previous finds from the area as well as ancient texts .
His research shows the importance of not seeing climate as the only cause : human responses in particular play a major role .
Wossink studied three regions and only one of these demonstrated traces of competition between settlements .
However , the completion in this area was probably due to the strong population growth that was taking place there .
Access to trade
The farmers in northern Mesopotamia chose not to compete with one another , but to adapt to the circumstances .
Wossink shows that the arrival of the Amorites , who had until that time been regarded as ( semi - ) nomadic , was not simply a process of infiltration .
The rise in the Amorites should be seen as the spread of an identity that brought crop farmers and cattle farmers together .
By adopting the Amoritic identity , the farmers gained access to a large trading network that was necessary to survive the period of drought .
The research carried out by Wossink is part of the multidisciplinary project on Settling the steppe .
The archaeology of changing societies in Syro- Palestinian drylands during the Bronze and Iron Ages .
This project aims to provide insight into the variety and stability of human habitation in marginal regions of the Near East .
It is funded by NWO 's Open Competition scheme .
Earlier this year , Wossink was awarded a Rubicon subsidy by NWO .
Rubicon offers researchers who have recently obtained their doctorate the opportunity to gain experience at a top institute abroad .
Eva Kaptijn received her doctorate within the same project on 28 October 2009 .
I watched the World Cup draw in the offices of a Brazilian sports TV station .
Amid the hubbub , comments about Charlize Theron and arguments over Sunday 's last round of the Brazilian championship , there was a single moment of silence - following the gasp when Group G was completed by the inclusion of Portugal .
Last week I mentioned that Brazil were due a difficult group - now they certainly have one .
Their draw started benevolently enough with North Korea .
But then came Ivory Coast , considered by many as Africa 's leading challengers .
And then Portugal .
Whatever their problems in qualification , the Portuguese line - up commands respect .
And so three top teams will battle for two places .
Will Dunga lead Brazil to a sixth World Cup title ?
When Brazil meet Portugal in Durban on 25 June both teams might have already secured qualification .
Or they could be fighting for their lives .
The battle between ex-coloniser and former colony has already begun .
Dunga 's description of Portugal as " Brazil B " was a swipe at the growing number of naturalised Brazilians in the European 's line - up .
( Incidentally , Portugal 's neighbours would also seem to be annoying Brazil 's ever truculent coach .
Perhaps put out by Spain being lauded as the purists ' favourite , he described their group as the only easy one in the draw ) .
Brazilians with long memories will recall their previous World Cup meeting with the mother country .
In 1966 they also faced each other in the final group game .
Portugal kicked Pele out of the competition before winning 3 - 1 and condemning Brazil to early elimination .
Brazilians with shorter memories would prefer to dwell on a recent friendly which Brazil won 6 - 2 .
Another tennis score is unlikely .
Portugal with surely not be so naive as to allow Maicon the freedom of the right flank when World Cup points are at stake .
Dunga may well not be unhappy that his team has been placed in a tough group .
Confidence is extremely high in Brazilian ranks , and justifiably so .
Historically , though , favouritism has not served Brazil well .
It tends to bring out the nonsense line that " we can only lose to ourselves " .
Dunga comes insured against such complacency - he now has tough opponents to help him re-enforce the message to his players that World Cup win number six will not come without a huge dose of sweat and sacrifice .
There are plenty of memories for Argentina boss Diego Maradona in Group B. His World Cup career as a player ended against Nigeria - his first opponents as a coach .
His last World Cup and international goal came against Greece , who he also faces once more .
And in the middle come South Korea , opening game rivals in the 1986 campaign when Maradona hit heights that perhaps no player before or since has reached in a World Cup .
In Argentina it is being seen as a relatively comfortable group - but that clash with Nigeria in Johannesburg on 12 June , along with Portugal against Ivory Coast , one of the highlights of the opening exchanges .
The likes of Lionel Messi , Fernando Gago and Sergio Aguero will recall beating Nigeria to win the World Youth Cup in 2005 .
They will also remember how difficult it was against such physically strong opponents and how they were aided by some rash tackling from the Nigerians , who gave away two penalties .
Last year 's 1 - 0 win in the Olympic final was a little more comfortable for Argentina , but Nigeria will be gunning for revenge in this latest meeting between two gifted generations .
After all the problems in qualification , Maradona will surely benefit from the need to focus on a squad of 23 .
If the defence can be sorted out then Argentina may yet come through as challengers , though a slip up against Nigeria would put them under pressure right at the start .
The last time Argentina met Nigeria in a World Cup they were coached by Marcelo Bielsa - and despite a 1 - 0 win in the opening game the 2002 pre-tournament favourites were not able to qualify for the second round .
Then Bielsa was awarded the group of death , when he was included in a section with Sweden , England as well as Nigeria .
So on the law of averages he was due something a little kinder this time .
Bielsa 's Chile are one of the most intriguing sides in the World Cup .
With three strikers , a commitment to attack and plenty of pace in the final third , they are not one of those teams who will clog up the tournament with mediocrity .
They do have problems defending in the air , but have been drawn in a group where this deficiency might not be exposed .
Spain come last and Spanish coach Vicente Del Bosque paid full tribute to Chile after the draw , describing them as the most difficult team in the group .
The Chileans will hope to have qualification in the bag before that meeting .
The key game would appear to be the second against Switzerland , but there will be plenty of pressure on the opener against Honduras .
It is a must - win match , but the Central Americans will not be the only adversary .
Chile will also be up against history .
Discounting 1962 , which they hosted , the last time they won a World Cup match was back in 1950 against the United States .
The extent of the revolution Bielsa has brought about in the Chilean national team is clear from the fact that in qualification their away record was the best in South America .
Chile 's previous World Cup was 1998 - the start of Paraguay 's run of four consecutive appearances .
Paraguayan hopes of a quarter - final place have been boosted by a draw which , though it forces them to travel all over South Africa , pits them against opponents they will not fear .
Maradona has endured a tough baptism of fire as an international coach
The right time to face defending champions Italy is surely in the opening game - the Italians are notoriously slow starters .
The crunch match is the second against Slovakia , before closing the group against New Zealand .
It is reminiscent of 2006 , when tame but narrow defeats against England and Sweden put the Paraguayans out before they faced Trinidad and Tobago .
Coach Gerardo Martino 's task is to ensure that this time his men are prepared to take the initiative , especially against the Slovakians .
The first South American side in action will be Uruguay , drawn in a fascinating Group A .
It 's hard to see them , or opponents France , South Africa or Mexico going on to win the cup , but it does look like an intriguingly balanced quartet .
Being in South Africa 's group is a cause for concern .
No hosts have ever failed to make the second round and that puts a great deal of pressure on Uruguay 's opening day duel with the French .
But the significance of Uruguay 's presence goes well beyond anything they do on the field .
In this first World Cup on African soil it is entirely fitting that the representatives include the national team which pioneered the selection of afro-descendents .
This was alluded to during the draw , when the retrospective of past World Cups showed a photo of Uruguay 's Jose Leandro Andrade from the inaugural tournament in 1930 .
But even in 1916 , at the first Copa America , Uruguay were picking black players , Juan Delgado and the legendary Isabelino Gradin .
History resonates , then , with the meeting of Uruguay and South Africa in Pretoria on 16 June .
It 's a pity that is the second group game as it would have made for a cracking opening match .
Comments on the piece in the space provided .
Other questions on South American football to vickerycolumn@hotmail.com , and I 'll pick out a couple for next week .
From last week 's postbag :
Q ) The 1990s was a decade that saw the individual success of numerous South American players , who made a huge name for themselves playing at the top level of European football .
However , with this decade coming to an end , I would be brave enough to say that Kaka has been really the only player developed in South America ( given that Messi was practically developed by Barcelona ) to make a huge name for himself .
I was wondering what the reason for this decline is .
For what it is worth , my view is that this has happened because of the evolution of football into a more physical game where strength and power have eclipsed skill and craft .
Giancarlo Fiesco
think you might be a bit harsh here .
What makes Messi special is his South American - ness .
As Maradona 's former team - mate Jorge Valdano once commented , he 's a mixture of informal Argentine street and wasteland football and the Barca academy - and the academies do n't seem to be the place where great one against one skills are developed .
That comes from the street .
On one level , the South American contribution to European football has never been deeper or wider .
They have got into countries , such as England , where before they were seen with resistance , there are more of them than ever before all across the continent , and they are coming from countries such as Ecuador , which have no tradition of exporting to Europe .
And the future would seem to belong to the likes of Aguero and Alexandre Pato .
The worrying trend is that the financial demands of producing for the European market can lead to the grooming of a certain type of player - big , strong , poly - functional and without idiosyncracies in his game that make it harder for him to adapt to Europe .
Fredy Guarin of Porto is a good player , but I 'd rather watch Colombia with someone like Carlos Valderrama in the centre of midfield .
Q ) My question is about Brazilian full - backs .
Have the Brazilians always been synonymous with attacking full - backs such as Roberto Carlos , Maicon , Dani Alves , and most recently , the Da Silva twins ?
Mohammed Halawi
It 's been developing as a part of their game for over 50 years .
Brazil pioneered the back four , dropping an extra man to the heart of the defence to provide additional cover .
This pushed the full backs out wider , and especially as time went on and wingers disappeared , they had space in front of them in which to push up and make an attacking contribution .
The great Nilton Santos was doing this from left - back in the 50s .
Interestingly , among the first to latch on to this were England , coached by Alf Ramsey who had been a constructive full - back and was fascinated by what the Brazilians were doing .
In 1970 England had Keith Newton and Terry Cooper - Cafu and Roberto Carlos decades early .
In the fatal quarter final against West Germany Newton set up both the goals that put England ahead , but Ramsey made a mess of his substitutions , the Germans took advantage , bringing on wingers against England 's tiring full backs .
And in one of those spurts of amnesia that English football is prone , the attacking full - back was forgotten for a while .
San Fernando Valley Estate Planning Attorney
Serving Northern Los Angeles County Since 1980
At the Law Offices of Darrell C. Harriman , our trusted North Hills attorney and founder Darrell C. Harriman has been dedicated to providing individuals with the highest - quality legal services for more than 38 years .
This means that North Hills Attorney Darrell C. Harriman has the experience , skills , and integrity his clients can rely on to help them successfully resolve their important legal issues .
It also means that , throughout the course of every case , his clients can count on receiving :
Personalized , highly responsive service .
Clear answers and honest professional advice about their case and legal issues .
Superior representation as they work toward resolving their legal issues .
The best possible outcome .
The following is an overview of the specific types of cases and legal issues that San Fernando Valley estate planning lawyer Darrell C. Harriman has extensive experience overseeing and resolving .
Do n’t hesitate to contact the Law Offices of Darrell C. Harriman today if you are ready to receive trusted advice and help from an attorney known for his skills , his effective legal advocacy , and his record of success .
Estate Planning
It ’s never too early to start formalizing your wishes for the future of your assets , property , and family .
Regardless of whether you may have a small or large estate , getting your estate plan in order now can save your loved ones a lot of money , stress , and added grief in the future .
San Fernando Valley estate planning attorney Darrell C. Harriman is skilled at devising solutions to meet his clients ’ wishes , needs , and financial situations .
Trust Administration Administering trusts can be a complicated endeavor , especially for people who have never stepped into a trustee position before .
If you ’ve recently become a trustee and will be responsible for administering a trust , you can turn to North Hills trusts lawyer Darrell C. Harriman for experienced advice and representation throughout the process .
Probate Administration Probate can be expensive , time consuming , and contentious .
What can make the process far more stressful and expensive is not having an experienced lawyer on your side to guide you through it .
Whether you are a personal representative or a beneficiary of an estate , you can count on San Fernando Valley probate attorney Darrell C. Harriman to help you seek common ground and avoid unnecessary expense or delay ( when possible ) with all matters related to probate administration so you can get through the process as favorably and efficiently as possible .
What ’s been happening with the Haskell programming language for the past month , as voted by readers of The Haskell Reddit .
This is the first edition of the Web News , so feedback on the content , schedule and goals is welcome .
Read more about the goals for the project on the about page .
The biggest news of November for the Haskell community was the announcement of the release of the new Haskell language revision : Haskell 2010 .
The Haskell Prime process , which produced this revision , calls for regular releases of newly standardised extensions , and this first revision declared as standard Haskell :
The end of n+k patterns in standard Haskell completes one of the longest sagas in the language ’s history , with efforts to remove the feature more than 10 years ago .
The next steps for the standard are a revised language report , and for compilers to adopt the features .
The Haskell 2011 group is also forming to investigate the next round of standardisation .
( And see the Haskell 2010 slashdotting for fun… )
There are more than 1700 packages on Hackage now , with some quite complicated dependencies set up .
Duncan Coutts looked at how to construct a maximal install plan , such that the largest fraction of Hackage could be installed without conflict .
He found that a small number of key packages cause “ splits ” in the install scheme , as significant numbers of packages depend on incompatible versions of these conflicters ( e.g. HaXml 1.13 . or 1.19 ) .
Duncan was able to find a coherent install plan on unix for 1453 packages in the end , and since then a new stable version of HaXml has been released , which will further improve the overall coherency .
Designing the perfect array library in Haskell has been a hot topic for the last couple of years , and a number of competitors have emerged looking for the right balance of performance , flexibility and a rich API .
﻿﻿﻿ ﻿Roman Leschinskiy announced a project , NoSlow , to methodically compare the performance of the various array libraries , with published results based on Bryan O’Sullivan ’s criterion benchmarking tool .
David Terei published his undergraduate honors thesis , “ LLVM for GHC ” , at the University of New South Wales , describing his design for porting GHC to use LLVM for code generation , finding that it mapped “ remarkably well ” .
He then goes on to implement and benchmark the resulting compiler , finding that LLVM was generally similar to the existing code generator for the majority of programs , with the exception of array benchmarks , which were significantly better under LLVM .
An amazing achievement for such a short project !
The second release candidate for the GHC 6.12 series was announced , including installers for Windows and OS X .
The upcoming 6.12 release features some significant improvements to data parallel arrays , new profiling tools , including support for ThreadScope , full support for shared libraries ( as funded by the IHG ) , improvements to the performance of parallel and concurrent programs in general , and support for unicode Handles ( as well as other encodings directly in the Handle layer ) .
Interviews and Media
In the broader media , we saw an interview with John Hughes at InfoQ , contrasting Erlang and Haskell as well as a surprise Haskell talk at Supercomputing 09 , where Haskell was used for high performance computational biology .
Finally , congratulations to Graham Hutton and Erik Meijer , as the series of C9 lectures , based on “ Programming in Haskell ” ( the book ) , reaches a quarter million downloads .
New Haskell Software
In November , there were 287 package released on Hackage , bringing the total number of Haskell packages to 1720 .
We had a record 143 thousand downloads from Hackage in November , breaking the previous monthly record of 95 thousand set in October 2009 , and bringing the total downloads from Hackage to 1.53 M .
The top 15 most popular libraries in November were :
And the top 15 most popular applications are :
The two most popular Haskell project releases , as voted online , were :
Articles and Tutorials
The most popular new Haskell articles and tutorials online this month were :
You should n’t do that
And , finally , news that perhaps should n’t have been :
Implementing languages in the Haskell type system
Next edition : a 2009 Haskell retrospective .
Pictured :
Three cheetahs spare tiny antelope 's life ... and play with him instead
Advertisement
Hello little antelope , would you like to play with us ?
Coming from three deadly cheetahs , it 's the kind of invitation that 's best refused - but amazingly , this impala escaped unscathed from its encounter .
Luckily for the youngster , it seems these three male cheetahs simply were n't hungry .
No claws for alarm : Astonishingly , these cheetahs , whose instinct is to hunt for food , decide to play with this baby impala
That 's because unlike other big cats , the cheetah hunts in the daytime , either in the early morning or late afternoon .
The bursts of speed needed to catch their prey tire them out - meaning they need to rest after a kill .
And that seems to be the secret to the antelope 's survival , as it's likely it fell into the cheetahs ' clutches when they were already full - and tired out - from an earlier hunt .
Photographer Michel Denis-Huot , who captured these amazing pictures on safari in Kenya 's Masai Mara in October last year , said he was astounded by what he saw .
' These three brothers have been living together since they left their mother at about 18 months old , ' he said .
' On the morning we saw them , they seemed not to be hungry , walking quickly but stopping sometimes to play together .
Sticking your neck out : Oblivious to the danger , the impala appears to return the affection to the cheetahs
New found friends :
The new - found friends part with a farewell lick
' At one point , they met a group of impala who ran away .
But one youngster was not quick enough and the brothers caught it easily . '
These extraordinary scenes followed , as the cheetahs played with the young impala the way a domestic cat might play with a ball of string .
Sprint finish : Impala is off the menu as the youngster makes its exit
' They knocked it down , but then they lost interest , ' said Michel .
' For more than 15 minutes , they remained with the young antelope without doing anything other than licking it or putting their paws on the impala 's head . '
Even more extraordinarily , this story has a happy ending - after one tense moment when it looked as though one cheetah would bite the impala on the neck , the youngster ran away .
I have a Maemo application called Belltower in testing , which lists towers hung for English full - circle change ringing ( rather than any tower in the world which happens to contain bells ) .
Here is a screencast of the app in use .
The data comes from Dove ’s Guide .
It allows you to
find all towers nearby , using the GPS
find a tower by name
find a tower by geographical area ( country , then county , then alphabetically )
bookmark towers and come back to them later
Here are two questions about Belltower on which I ’d like your feedback .
1 . The front screen currently looks like this :
But I ’m wondering whether it would be more Maemo-ish to give it an interface like the app manager and the media player .
Something like this ( excuse the quick mockup ) :
What do you think ?
2. Generalising Belltower .
An application to find belltowers is useful for ringers , but the same code could come in useful in other ways for other people .
Eiffel on t.m.o suggested that there should be a wiki which lists sets of geographical points within a particular category , such as
belltowers
Tube stations
public toilets
perhaps a chainstore might want a set of points for its own stores
stone circles
UFO sightings …
which could be fed automatically by sites such as Dove and openstreetmap , or just by people editing the wiki itself .
Each point would have
a name
a short block of HTML giving facts about the point ( such as , for a Tube station , which lines it was on )
possibly a picture
possibly a URL to follow for more information
and always a latitude and longitude pair .
Then son - of - Belltower should be able to pull from this wiki with a custom API ; the user could select which overlay they were interested in .
I think this idea has a lot of merit .
I may do it .
I ’d like to hear your ideas about it as well .
Goldman Sachs Readies Bonus Bonanza , Braces for Backlash Goldman 's elite likely to take home the financial industry 's biggest bonuses .
Jan. 12 , 2010  -- Goldman Sachs CEO
Lloyd Blankfein will be among the chief executives set to appear tomorrow at the first public hearing of the Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission , and his firm will be back in the public crosshairs later this month when it announces what is expected to be a $ 20 billion - plus compensation kitty .
Some of Goldman 's top traders and bankers stand to earn at least $ 10 million each .
But who , exactly , are these over - the - top compensation beneficiaries ?
With national scorn mounting and the Obama administration reportedly eying a new levy against outsized financial pay , ABCNews.com recently spoke with securities industry members and executive recruiters to get a sense of which specific Goldman employees stand to bring home the largest bonus checks .
A Goldman spokesman said " the speculation about compensation is ill - informed and , frankly , pretty stupid . "
Here are 10 who most likely are in line to clear at least $ 10 million :
The Traders
Pierre - Henri Flamand is a French - born 39 - year - old who was rumored to have been paid $ 100 million a few years ago ( Goldman denied it ) .
Flamand is the London - based global head of Goldman 's purely proprietary trading group , Goldman Sachs Principal Strategies .
Goldman CEO
Blankfein has said pure prop trading is only 10 percent of the firm 's trading revenues and profits .
Ashok Varadhan , one of Goldman 's top fixed - income guns , is the global head of foreign exchange trading in North America .
Varadhan , who made partner in 2002 at age 29 , owns luxury digs in the same New York apartment building as Blankfein .
Varadhan 's dad , Srinivasa , teaches math at New York University .
He had a brother , Gopal , who worked as a trader for Cantor Fitzgerald and was killed in the 9/11 attacks on the World Trade Center .
David Heller joined Goldman in Asia in the late 1980s .
He has risen within the firm , becoming the head of global equity a few years ago .
Last year , he was named co-head of the Securities Division .
Goldman 's equities division delivered $ 2.8 billion in revenues in the third quarter alone .
" Heller is possibly the one person other than Gary [ Cohn , Goldman 's president ] who could someday succeed Blankfein , " said one Wall Street headhunter .
Ed Eisler is head of interest rate trading , which is part of Goldman 's most profitable division , Fixed Income Commodities and Currency .
The FICC group contributed the lion 's share of the firm's $ 24 billion in trading revenues recorded through the first nine months of the year .
The Money Managers
Raanan Agus , 41 - year - old manager of Goldman Sachs Investment Partners , a $ 7 billion hedge fund created at the start of 2008 .
Agus , a world - class chess enthusiast who is known to prefer Honda minivans to Hummers , runs the GSIP fund within Goldman 's asset management division , which has nearly $ 1 trillion under management .
Through the first half of the year , Agus ' GSIP , which had a rocky 2008 , was said to have had gains of around 6 percent .
Marc Spilker , who helps run Goldman 's entire massive investment management business , recently made the kind of headlines his bosses hate .
He got into a vitriolic public dispute with his East Hampton neighbor , hedge fund heavyweight Jim Chanos , over a shared pathway to the beach near their homes .
Spilker 's area produces nearly $ 1 billion in revenues each quarter .
The Salespeople
Harvey Schwartz , Goldman 's head of global sales and a co-head of the firm 's securities division .
" People do n't realize how much sales drives Goldman 's business , " said one Wall Street headhunter .
" Harvey is always among the firm 's best paid people . "
Isabelle Ealet , London - based global head of commodities and who runs the sales team for this hugely successful trading operation .
She ranks No. 32 on Fortune magazine 's list of the most powerful women in business .
The Bankers
Gordon Dyal , global head of mergers and acquisitions .
According to Deallogic , Goldman ranked No.1 in global M&A transactions through the first three - quarters of the year .
Its investment banking division had produced $ 3.2 billion in net revenue .
In one of the biggest fee - generating deals of the year , Goldman advised Burlington Northern Santa
Fe when the railroad was bought out for $ 44 billion by Warren Buffett 's Berkshire Hathaway .
Richard Friedman , 51 - year - old head of Goldman 's merchant banking division .
A few years ago he helped pull off the historic initial public offering of the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China .
Goldman has maintained a modest investment stake in ICBC , which continues to produce eye - popping returns -- ICBC shares yielded Goldman $ 1.1 billion worth of revenue through the first nine months of 2009 .
Compensation Policy Change
Goldman , which was among a slew of banks that took TARP funds last year during the thick of the financial crisis , has come under attack for its reported compensation kitty -- which is expected to exceed $ 20 billion .
Recently , the Security Police and Fire Professionals of America Retirement Fund filed a shareholder lawsuit against Goldman , naming Blankfein and other executives as defendants .
The suit is seeking to recover billions of dollars in bonus money the institutional investor claims is being paid out improperly .
Goldman has said the suit is without merit .
Goldman released a statement last week saying it had decided to make changes to its compensation practices .
The firm has been deluged by criticism that it made billions on the back of the American taxpayer .
While Goldman has paid back TARP money it took , it has also benefited from billions in bonds that it issued .
The bonds were backed by the FDIC .
Goldman is also said to have benefited indirectly from government billions paid to the failed insurance giant AIG -- funds that AIG used to repay loans to Goldman .
Critics say Goldman has also been allowed to take advantage of the Federal Reserve 's discount window , where assets that are deemed dicey can be used as collateral to borrow cash cheaply .
The firm 's 30 - person management committee wo n't receive a cash bonus for 2009 .
Instead , the members will be paid entirely in shares of Goldman stock .
This group includes Blankfein , Cohn , Viniar , Dyal , Ealet , Eisler , Friedman , Heller , Schwartz and Spilker ( see above ) .
It also includes John Weinberg , J. Michael Evans , Michael Sherwood , Kevin Kennedy , Timothy O'Neill , Gregory Palm , Masanori Mochida , Christopher Cole , Esta Stecher , Edward Forst , Richard Gnodde , Richard Ruzika , Yoel Zaoui , David Solomon , Edith Cooper , Gwen Libstag , John Rogers , Pablo Salame , Donald Mullen and Alan Cohen .
Reuters
WHEN Japan 's 77 - year - old finance minister submitted his resignation on Tuesday January 5th , the reason given was poor health .
The week before he had been admitted to hospital complaining of exhaustion and high blood pressure after drafting the 2010 budget .
But illness was not Hirohisa Fujii 's main problem .
Instead it appears to have been a case of bad blood at the top of Mr Hatoyama 's ruling clique .
Mr Fujii , people who have spoken to him say , grew increasingly frustrated with the power Ichiro Ozawa , secretary - general of the ruling party , had over Mr Hatoyama , and a festering feud between the two men eventually boiled over in the budget - drafting process .
After some hesitation , on Wednesday Mr Hatoyama accepted Mr Fujii 's resignation and replaced him with Naoto Kan , the deputy prime minister .
Mr Kan already has a wide - ranging government portfolio , but the main alternatives for finance minister were also no friends of Mr Ozawa .
That may have ruled them out .
Mr Ozawa occupies an unparalleled position in Japanese politics .
As architect of the historic victory of the Democratic Party of Japan ( DPJ ) in the election in August , which ended five decades of one - party rule , Mr Hatoyama and the party believe they owe him a debt of gratitude .
He is also considered crucial for delivering a big win for the party in elections for the upper house this summer .
Yet he is also widely seen as a dark presence , whose influence hardly squares with a party that came into office vowing to improve the transparency of Japanese politics .
All requests to DPJ lawmakers for public - spending projects are channelled through him , and he often appears to put the party 's interests before those of the government .
Recently , he has flaunted his authority by taking more than 100 DPJ lawmakers on an official and inviting them to a banquet at his home on New Year 's Day , engaging in a highly publicised dispute with the imperial household and making damning comments about Christianity .
Increasingly , the “ shadow shogun ” , as he is known , is stepping out into the light .
The incident that appears to have slighted the finance minister came in the midst of budget - drafting last month .
Some suggest that Mr Ozawa single - handedly persuaded the prime minister to scrap a campaign promise to cut petrol taxes without Mr Fujii 's agreement .
But the hostilities date back further .
Last year Mr Fujii led a successful campaign to stop Mr Ozawa becoming the DPJ 's prime - ministerial candidate after it became clear his office was under investigation over a political - funding scandal .
People close to him continue to be quizzed by prosecutors over funding issues ; on Wednesday , the Asahi Shinbun reported that a Tokyo district court would summon Mr Ozawa for questioning .
Some believe Mr Ozawa 's recent assertiveness may be a shot across the prosecutors ' bows .
In choosing Mr Kan as the new finance minister , Mr Hatoyama has picked a man whose relations with Mr Ozawa are considered neutral , but who lacks the financial experience of Mr Fujii and at least one other of the candidates .
Mr Kan was a prominent social activist before entering politics and is a former health minister .
Since the new government took office , he has been in charge of developing a long - term strategy to deal with Japan 's huge debt and other matters , and has been increasingly outspoken on the need to tackle deflation .
His appointment is unlikely to destabilise Japan 's financial markets .
However , it will not dispel the impression that Mr Hatoyama is , at times , worryingly like a puppet on Mr Ozawa 's string .
Anyone who tried to visit the site yesterday afternoon quickly found out that we were having problems with our host .
Apparently the server the site is housed on crashed , causing the site to be down for an extended period of time .
It was extremely frustrating for me , as this is not the first time we ’ve had a problem with the current host ( though not to the extreme it was yesterday ) .
Everything seems to be working without a problem now , but I am taking the steps to move the site to a new host within the next day or two , which should correct any future problems .
I apologize for the inconvenience and appreciate everyone ’s understanding and continued support .
You are what makes Rotoprofessor what it is and I thank you for it .
Veterans Day was originally called Armistice Day to honor the pact signed to end World War I on November 11 , 1918 .
But with only three servicemen still alive , this is potentially the last year the holiday will have a living connection to the vets that inspired it .
Meet the last of their kind :
Claude Choules , 108 ( Great Britain )
The only one of the three who saw active combat duty , Choules now lives in a retirement community in Perth , Australia .
After enlisting in the British navy in 1916 ( at age 15 ) , he " witnessed the surrender of the German Fleet near Firth of Forth , Scotland , in 1918 . "
Choules later served as a torpedo officer in World War II .
He has just published his first book , an autobiography called Last of the Last .
( Watch an ITN news segment about Claude Choules )
Frank Buckles , 108 ( U.S. )
This Missouri native drove an ambulance on the Western Front in 1918 .
He is the last of nearly five million U.S. " doughboys " ( as WWI infantrymen were known ) .
In a recent interview , he attributed his longevity to exercise and " a desire to live . "
Last week , Congress honored him by passing the Frank Buckles World War I Memorial Act .
Upon his death , he ’ll be buried in Arlington National Cemetery .
( Watch an ABC News segment on Frank Buckles )
John Babcock , 109 ( Canada )
After joining the Canadian Expeditionary Forces as a teenager , Babcock went to Europe to fight , but the war ended before he ever reached the front lines .
He has called this a " disappointment " because he never felt like " a real soldier . "
Asked how he would feel about one of his grandchildren serving in Iraq , he has said he " would n’t like it . "
Babcock moved to the US shortly after WWI and today lives in Spokane , Washington .
Upon his 107th birthday he received congratulations from Queen Elizabeth II .
( Watch an interview with John Babcock )
WICHITA , Kan .
—A jury took less than 40 minutes Friday to find Scott Roeder guilty of first - degree murder in the shooting of abortion provider George Tiller in a church here last May .
Mr. Roeder sat motionless , staring ahead , as the verdict was read in a Sedgwick County courtroom under heavy security .
The jury also convicted Mr. Roeder , of ...
HILLSBORO -- Every day , Scooter Givens tries to hit his third - grade classmates and instructors at
where he attends class for children with severe autism .
Sounds that surprise him , especially crying children , can send the 9 - year - old Hillsboro boy into yelling , flailing " meltdowns , " which have lasted more than an hour .
Eric and Wendy Givens know Madison , a trained autism service dog , can calm their son ; they 've seen the German shepherd do so at malls , in parking lots , at restaurants .
But the
wo n't allow the dog in school , saying Scooter is doing well without the shepherd .
The U.S. Department of Justice is currently investigating a complaint filed by
on behalf of the Givenses .
The outcome could affect other families in Oregon that hope to use autism service dogs in schools .
The argument pits special education law against the
.
Although the district argues that the dog is not necessary for Scooter 's classroom education , the family says the dog improves the boy 's access to his education by keeping him calm .
" It makes Scooter easier to teach , " said Wendy Givens .
Madison " would help mitigate Scooter 's disability in class . "
Disability Rights Oregon attorney Joel Greenberg equated the situation to a person who is blind being told he does fine with a cane even though a trained guide dog is more effective .
" Essentially , the school district is saying , 'we get to pick the tool , ' " he said .
Hillsboro Superintendent Mike Scott said it 's an issue of process .
" We agree that across - the - board exclusion of a service animal would not be appropriate . "
But , he said , " If we have a student that is doing well in school , is there a need for a service animal ? "
The district had raised concerns over allergies and other students ' fears of dogs , but Scott said those are " not the issue . "
The debate also hinges on whether Madison is considered a service or a therapy animal .
In other words , is he the equivalent of a guide dog for the blind or is he a well - trained pet ?
Therapy animals are not covered under the Americans With Disabilities
Act , but they are growing in popularity and are often used in hospitals to comfort patients and in schools where children read to them .
The training is not as extensive as it is for a service animal .
The Americans With Disabilities
Act describes a service animal as " any guide dog , signal dog , or other animal individually trained to do work or perform tasks for the benefit of an individual with a disability , including , but not limited to , guiding individuals with impaired vision , alerting individuals with impaired hearing to intruders or sounds , providing minimal protection or rescue work , pulling a wheelchair , or fetching dropped items . "
In the case of Scooter , the dog is usually tethered to the boy .
Scooter , whose given name is Jordan , wears a belt that is attached to a harness on Madison .
When Scooter tries to bolt , the dog sits or digs his claws into the ground and pulls back , stopping Scooter .
If something startles Scooter and he works himself into a violent on - the - floor " meltdown , " the dog puts his paw on the boy .
If that does n't work , Madison stands over him and then lies down on Scooter .
The flailing and yelling stop almost immediately , and Scooter can get back on task , said Wendy Givens .
Should Scooter run off and can't be found , Madison is trained to track him with the command , " Where 's your boy ? "
Madison 's primary mission is to keep Scooter safe and calm .
He has 500 hours of training from simple obedience to advanced skills , said Karen Shirk , founder ,
a nonprofit in Ohio that trains dogs for people with various disabilities , including autism .
The Givenses paid $ 13,000 for the dog , largely from fundraising , and Wendy Givens flew back to Ohio in March 2008 for two weeks of training with Madison before bringing him home .
For years , Oregon school districts , including Hillsboro , have allowed service dogs in training to traverse school halls .
But fully trained dogs assisting children with autism in public schools are rare .
" It 's new territory that school districts are not familiar with .
They fall back on basic policies , " said Genevieve Athens , executive director of the
. " I think eventually as this gets more prevalent in society , ... there might be more acceptance in the classroom " for autism dogs .
In the Portland area , Beaverton is the only district known to have allowed the use of a dog for a child with autism .
The dog was allowed on a trial basis last spring , but has n't been coming this school year , said Patty Lawrence , special education facilitator for the
.
Lawrence said she could n't provide specifics because of student confidentiality but said the school had not refused the dog .
" As a team at the school , we decided to try other things as well , " she said .
Other options that can help calm a child include wearing a weighted vest or applying deep pressure , which can be as simple as a hug .
" Sometimes they just need that squeeze that calms them down , " she said .
But every child with autism is different and what may work for one child does n't work for another , Lawrence said .
Unlike most school districts in the state , Beaverton has a very detailed policy that requires assistance animals be accredited guide dogs or certified therapy dogs from known training organizations .
As for Scooter , Madison has become a social bridge for the boy , who can talk but does n't like to interact with others , said Wendy Givens .
The brown - and - black German Shepherd loves to be petted and is a magnet for people , which helps Scooter socialize and gives people a better understanding of autism and Scooter .
He is no longer " the weird kid biting his hand , " Wendy Givens said .
--
This is not just about California .
Come Summer 2010 , the most severe gaps will be closed via budget cuts or tax increases unless the Federal Government can pull a rabbit out of the hat .
Source
Policies for Increasing Economic Growth and Employment in 2010 and 2011 – CBO
See also Illinois enters a state of insolvency
My 2 - year - old son , X , is an avid sports fan .
He loves football , basketball , hockey , even mixed martial arts ( shhh , do n’t tell my wife about that last one ) .
But lately he ’s taken up a new spectator sport – Daddy Baff .
Whenever I turn on the water in the shower , he darts into the bathroom and yells , “ DADDY BAFF ! ”
Bath time used to be a private activity until I became a dad .
I ’m all for spending time with my kids , but I ’d rather do something that requires clothing .
Having a little face stare at me through the Plexiglas is kind of creepy , especially when he starts chanting , “ Daddy baff !
Daddy baff ! ” and dancing .
To make things worse , he often grows tired of being a spectator and tries to join in the fun .
“ Help Daddy baff , ” he says as he opens the shower door and tries to step inside .
“ No , thank you , buddy , ” I say pushing him out .
“ Daddy does n’t need any help . ”
Although disappointed , he never presses any further .
He simply occupies himself by singing “ The Daddy Baff Song . ”
When I ’m done , he grabs my towel and opens the door for me .
“ All done daddy baff ? ” he asks .
“ Yes , ” I say .
“ Daddy is all done with his bath .
Thank you for your participation . ”
X waits until I wrap the towel around my waist and then marches out of the bathroom singing a few more bars of his song .
I ’m just glad he never asks for an encore .
Stay Strong ,
Join the conversation :
Do you get any privacy in the bathroom ?
You can bet that political strategists in both parties will be parsing the meaning of the Massachusetts senatorial struggle for some time to come .
If there was a slam dunk left in American politics , it should ’ve been the Democrats ’ ability to easily retain a Senate seat they ’d held for 57 years in what has become essentially a sea - blue state .
Instead , they lost .
Given its importance in the issue of the moment , the Massachusetts vote is going to be analyzed as a referendum on President Obama ’s healthcare reforms .
Increasingly , it does seem as if this first - year president made a profound strategic mistake by pressing forward on healthcare while simultaneously trying to contend with the worst global economic crisis since the Depression , exit one war in Iraq and gear up to fight another in Afghanistan .
Truth to tell , the president and his surrogates have done a lousy job selling the electorate on reform .
Social Security and Medicare are our most popular social programs because they have two crucial attributes : they cover everybody , and their benefit to the individual can be explained in one declarative sentence .
By contrast , the benefits of healthcare reform are diffuse .
In this nation of 300 million , only 30 million people are without health insurance .
That ’s a scandal and , frequently , a tragedy for the uninsured .
In political terms , however , the problem is that most of what the other 270 million will gain from reform seems marginal and remote .
But if the lessons gleaned from Massachusetts stop with healthcare , something far more profound and potentially disruptive will have been missed .
There is a deep and increasingly restive anger stirring in the country .
Its focal points at the moment may seem to be healthcare and “ big government , ” but if there were a Republican in the White House , they might just as well be tax cuts and “ limited government . ”
The fact is that the president and both parties ’ congressional delegations have approval ratings under 50 % .
( So do California ’s Republican governor and Los Angeles ’ Democratic mayor ; the Legislature does n’t even have a rating . )
Much of the disaffection in Massachusetts came from self - described independents .
That ’s significant because independents are concentrated in middle - class suburbs where physical and economic security are overriding preoccupations .
Today , those anxieties are both real and justified , though not as critiques of Obama ’s first year .
The truth of the matter is that , if you adjust for inflation , the average income of American males has not grown in real terms since the 1970s .
Most families have compensated for that by sending mom to work outside the home .
( The simultaneous push for equality by the women ’s movement masked the fact that significant numbers of women now in the workforce were drafted by economic necessity . )
The mass unemployment that followed Wall Street ’s meltdown upset even that precarious balance , and the situation is even worse than the unemployment figures suggest .
According to work done by Harvard professor Elizabeth Warren , who chairs the congressional panel appointed to oversee the bank bailout , 20 % of all Americans are either jobless , underemployed or simply have given up looking for work .
One out of every eight Americans is on food stamps , and one out of every eight U.S. mortgages is in default or foreclosure .
The wholesale flight of American employers from the responsibility of maintaining traditional pension plans forced tens of millions of 401 ( k ) participants into the equity markets to secure their retirements .
The crash erased $ 5 trillion from their accounts .
Scolds would have you believe that middle - class Americans were complicit in the financial collapse because of their profligacy .
Warren points out that the numbers state a different case .
“ By the early 2000s , families were spending twice as much ( adjusted for inflation ) on mortgages than they did a generation ago , ” she wrote recently , “ for a house that was , on average , only 10 % bigger and 25 years older .
They also had to pay twice as much to hang on to their health insurance .
. . .
Families today spend less than they did a generation ago on food , clothing , furniture , appliances and other flexible purchases , but it has n’t been enough to save them . ”
As employers have come to regard their employees as little more than another fixed expense , layoffs have become a routine tool for manicuring quarterly profits .
Thus , even those lucky enough to have full - time jobs have little security in their current positions -- in which , as the current productivity numbers show , they ’re forced to work ever harder for less -- and none about their future , including retirement .
This shift of economic risk onto the backs of the middle class has allowed the top 5 % of income earners to amass a share of the country ’s wealth unmatched for a century .
There ’s the real source of the country ’s anger .
timothy.rutten@latimes.com
As you flip through seed catalogs assembling this year 's wish list , think about dirt .
It ’s the most important element for success with fruit , vegetables , and landscape plants .
Find out what type of soil is in your garden .
It affects how and what will thrive for you .
Eons ago , the Rock River Valley , where I live in northern Illinois , was carved out by the Wisconsin Glacier , leaving deposits of silt , sand , loam , and clay , along with plenty of tumbled rocks and limestone .
Because of the glacier 's action , yards here may have more than one soil type .
Mine does .
My acre is at the steep end of a glacier moraine .
The front yard is the outwash of the moraine where plenty of silt was deposited .
The 18 - inch layer sits upon four feet of sandy clay loam .
The rest of the yard is the moraine end with an eight - inch layer of loam , on top of two feet of clay loam and more than five feet of gravely loam underneath .
The pH ( measure of acidity or alkalinity ) is high , because 40 percent of the soil is calcium carbonate ( limestone ) .
The front yard is much lower in lime concentration , only about 16 percent .
In short , I have good soil in the front and challenges elsewhere due to high pH .
Click here to see what high pH does to plants .
I found this detailed soil analysis at a United States Department of Agriculture website .
They ’ve mapped the country , analyzed soils , and made the data available to all in a free comprehensive report .
Click on the big WWS green start button , then click on Address to enter yours .
A map will come up of your neighborhood .
Click on the AOI button and place the red box around your yard .
Then click on the Soil Map tab and follow directions .
At the end , click on Shopping Cart to order your custom report .
Download it immediately or have it sent later via email .
It ’s free .
Once you know your soil type or types , you may have to improve the ground before planting .
Amending a planting hole is a limiting action .
Plant roots wo n’t spread beyond the altered soil .
Instead , dig a hole , insert plant , and backfill with excavated dirt .
Improve the top of the ground in a five - to 15 - foot radius , depending upon the mature size of the plant .
Sprinkle sulfur to lower pH or add lime to raise it .
Top with a half - inch layer of compost or a scattering of slow - release fertilizer .
See package for recommended amounts .
Top that with organic mulch – two to three inches of shredded leaves or wood chips .
Nutrients will filter into the soil , enticing new plant roots to grow outward .
Consider rubbing a mycorrhizal fungi inoculant on plant roots before putting them in the ground .
The fungi are symbiotic , attaching to the plant roots , growing 20 feet or more in every direction to gather nutrients and water to feed the plant .
It also thwarts many plant diseases .
Look for mycorrhizae at garden centers that stock organics or do an Internet search for mail order sources .
Doreen Howard is one of eight garden writers who blog regularly at Diggin ' It .
If it ’s edible and unusual , Doreen figures out a way to grow it in her USDA Zone 4b garden .
She ’ll try anything once , even smelly Durian .
A former garden editor at Woman ’s Day , she writes regularly for The American Gardener and The Old Farmer ’s Almanac ’s Garden Guide .
Editor ’s note :
To read more by Doreen Howard , click here .
The Monitor ’s main gardening page offers articles on many gardening topics .
See also our blog archive and our RSS feeds .
You may want to visit Gardening With the Monitor on Flickr .
Take part in the discussions and get answers to your gardening questions .
If you join the group ( it ’s free ) , you can upload your garden photos and enter our next contest .
I 'm gathering the last of the parts needed to finish converting my ' 67 Beetle to electric power .
I attended a meeting of the local EV interest group last week to ask some questions , get some recommendations and see what my fellow converters have done with their cars .
You'd think this would have given me all kinds of motivation to finish my car , but I left feeling a bit depressed .
I 've been happily engaged in building my electric Beetle for several months now , knowing all along that my puny budget might be half of what most people say is needed for a bare - bones conversion .
Doing more with less , finding creative ways to solve problems , and getting a car rolling without spending a bundle has been exciting .
So as I left the meeting , I struggled to put my finger on what was bothering me .
Then it hit me :
This meeting of local converters damaged my confidence in pulling it off .
Do n't get me wrong – everyone at the Utah EV Interest Group has been universally helpful and full of information and suggestions .
These guys are passionate about electric vehicles , and they really know what they 're doing .
Many of them have backgrounds in auto repair or restoration and do n't cut corners .
So although they offer excellent advice , heeding it often requires money I do n't have .
I 've started to wonder if I 'm cutting too many corners .
That got me daydreaming about what I 'd build if I had the money and could convert any car with any parts .
I 've always been partial to the Porsche 911 .
I 'd put a really big motor in it and get a motor controller that could send it plenty of power .
Of course , some would consider doing that to so great a car utter blasphemy or worse .
Oh well .
Turns out I met someone at the meeting who is doing just that , and only a few miles from my house .
After meeting Mark Clifford and arranging to check out each other 's projects , seeing his beautiful 911 did n't do my depression any good .
Neither did his experienced assessment of the rusting floor pans in my Beetle .
But that 's another story .
Here 's what can be done if you have a substantially bigger budget than I do : Start with a $ 9,000 1981 Porsche 911 Targa in great condition with just over 100,000 on the odometer and a recent paint job .
Remove and sell the engine for $ 3,000 , redo the dash and seats for $ 1,800 , then install a NetGain Warp 11 motor .
It 's one of the biggest DC motors available for conversions , and it runs $ 3,000 .
Add one of the best motor controllers around , a Cafe Zilla Z1K ( $ 2,000 , used ) .
Clifford is running a baker 's dozen 12 - volt lead - acid AGM batteries ( 156 - volt system ) that a friend donated , but he hopes to swap them for lithium - ion down the line .
He 's got another $ 5,000 in an upgraded clutch , motor adapter and miscellaneous parts .
Altogether , he 's into the project for $ 17,800 so far .
That includes $ 11,800 in conversions , parts and components .
So what will the car do when it 's finished ?
There are all kinds of problems comparing EV performance to fossil - fuel performance .
Ratings for electric motors are usually given for constant operation , not peak performance .
No one seems to want to provide " max " statistics for a motor , which is somewhat understandable given the many different combinations of voltage and current at which it might be run .
Still , EVSource has data showing the motor Clifford is using can produce an astounding 460 foot - pounds of torque at 1,400 amps .
The Zilla Z1 K will produce up to 1,000 amps of peak motor current .
Time for a quick back - of - the - envelope estimate .
The Zilla 's 1,000 amps at 156 volts generates 156 kilowatts .
We should be careful about equating electrical power to mechanical power , but they will be in the same ballpark .
So 156 kilowatts at 85 percent efficiency ( average rated efficiency for the motor , although the motor is more efficient at lower loads ) comes out to around 178 horsepower .
Not bad at all , and with all that torque instantly available , it will be plenty snappy off the line .
No one has done exact calculations , but with lithium - ion batteries the car could be capable of 60 to 100 miles of range .
Li-ion is n't in Clifford 's budget yet , but the lead - acid batteries provide around 30 miles depending on conditions .
Why would someone do this to a Porsche ?
Clifford says he 's always been interested in Porsches and going fast , and he has some experience restoring and working on other cars .
Ironically , he says doing an EV conversion gave him an excuse to buy the 911 .
Turns out the green aspects of EVs initially appealed more to his wife , making the prospect of buying the car for a conversion an easier sell .
I still drool over Clifford 's Porsche , but my depression has passed .
My conversion will be much more basic , but I 'll be reaching significant performance of a much different sort : overall cost .
My total expenses ?
Around $ 3,500 .
Coming up : I 've installed a temporary solution to my rusted - out floor pans , and I hope to get the car around the block within the next couple weeks .
Stay tuned .
Got any advice , suggestions or ideas for Matthew ?
Share 'em with us !
Follow his progress on Twitter @ Wired_EV and here at Wired.com every week .
He ’s also launched a blog , evBeetle.com , to cover the conversion in microscopic detail .
Photos : Mark Clifford
UPDATE , 1 p.m. Eastern Jan. 26 : David Dymaxion is an electrical engineer and member of the Utah EV interest Group who is building his own electric Porsche 911 .
He sent a friendly email saying our back - of - the - envelope math is a bit optimistic because it does n't account for battery sag .
His math works out like this :
On the horsepower calculation : Do n't forget battery sag .
Let 's say Mark upgrades to Optima batteries with 0.003 Ohm ( 3 milliOhms ) of internal resistance for each battery : Vbatt = 12 V - IR = 12 V - ( 1,000 A ) x ( 0.003 Ohm ) = 9 V So with 1000 A , each battery sags to about 9V : 13 batteries x 9V = 117 kW = 157 hp ( no losses )
But you 'll have some losses ( around 10 + % electric plus about 15 % drivetrain ) : 157 hp x 0.75 = 117 hp
While that seems low , do n't forget the torque curve is much fatter on an electric – Mark 's car will have about twice the torque of the gas engine he replaced , at low rpm .
So in first gear he 'll accelerate like a car with about twice that horsepower .
Also , Mark could get a controller that outputs 2,000 Amps .
The batteries would then sag to 6 V each , but his power would go to about 156 hp after losses .
If he goes to lithium , with less sag , the number would go higher , plus the car would weigh much less .
So there you have it , from an electrical engineer .
Thanks ,
David !
See Also :
Mark Clifford 's electric Porsche uses 13 lead - acid batteries and a Netgain Warp 11 motor .
Some back - of - the - envelope math suggests the car is putting down 178 horsepower and around 400 pound - feet of torque .
More batteries .
You need a lot of them when you 're using lead - acid .
Clifford hopes to upgrade to lithium - ion at some point .
That would give him a range of 60 to 100 miles .
Top -shelf components include the Netgain motor and Cafe Zilla motor controller .
My shoestring budget means I can only dream of that kind of EV - porn .
Only 35 users have signed up to access Newday 's web site since they put up their $ 5 a week paywall three months ago .
35 people -- " as in a decent - sized elementary - school class , " John Koblin at the New York Observer reports .
That astoundingly low figure was revealed in a newsroom - wide meeting last week by publisher Terry Jimenez when a reporter asked how many people had signed up for the site .
Mr. Jimenez did n't know the number off the top of his head , so he asked a deputy sitting near him .
He replied 35 .
The New York Times , and every other news publication has been watching how these paywalls are paying off for news sites .
Newsday 's redesign with the paywall cost $ 4 million .
With those 35 subscriptions , they 've grossed about $ 9,000 , according to the Observer 's report , which has more details on those subscriptions .
Cablevision customers and Newsday subscribers are also allowed free access to the site .
Looks like these New York Times executives have some thinking to do .
Meanwhile , Newsday union members are meeting with the company today to argue against the company 's proposed pay cuts and longer work hours .
Do n't Miss : What Do People REALLY Think Of ... Newspaper Paywalls
I talk to the front desk secretary , ask her how to make my deposit for an Internet Sales deal I have , and she immediately transfers me to Eric Manley .
I talk to Eric briefly and he laughs at me over the phone , " Sorry buddy but you 're not getting it for that price , he says . "
I tell him it's a deal that I have worked out with the Internet Sales guy , and I 'm ready to make the deposit .
He laughs at me again , and says , " sorry buddy , not for that price . "
It 's obvious that this guy knows nothing about it , but it 's odd that he wo n't let me make my deposit .
He 's clearly either confused or not the right guy .
Tad tells me that he 's the one that made the deal ( listed the ebay auction ) , and there is no way I 'm getting it for that price , and that he does n't care about the Legal Binding Contract that they have ( the ebay auction ) , I 'm not getting the deal .
We argue back and forth for a while .
He offers a Christmas card , and then a Turkey [ sic ] for compensation , while I tell him that I have a " Legal Binding Contract " from them and that I 'm not going away until I get my car or some compensation for this headache that they 've put me through . "
He then says , that " Sorry , car has already been sold , so you can't have it it 's gone . "
... He says " we 're going around in circles , you 're not getting the car that I do n't have here to sell you , and definitely not for that price .
You 've had a few people hang up on you already , why continue this .
Did n't I tell you I was the owner . "
All lies of course , as I tell him " No you told me that you were Tad , not Cy Dicken , and everyone has been real nice so far , no ones hung up on me . "
File this one under the dangers of mixing traditional Brick & Mortar business practices with the immediacy and transparency of the internet .
Glenn Hyundai of Lexington , Kentucky placed a slightly used Hyundai Genesis Coupe 2.0T on eBay Motors .
There was no reserve , and a gencoupe.com forum member named McFly made a bid of $ 16,125 and won the auction ( here 's a PDF of the auction in case the eBay link goes dead ) .
Not a bad price , especially as the Gen Coupe in question had less than 5,000 miles on it and costs over $ 22,000 when new .
McFly then secures financing from his bank to pay for the Coupe , makes the necessary travel arrangements to go pick up his car ( he does n't live in Kentucky ) and calls the dealer to put down a deposit with his credit card .
This is when things begin to go bad .
We 'll let McFly take it from here :
Make the jump for the rest .
Youch - and you know there 's a Hyundai Assurance joke in there somewhere .
No one wants to be laughed at , especially when you won the car in question fairly and in a legal manner on an eBay auction .
McFly does n't give up , and eventually finds out that the owner 's name is Cy Dicken .
He gets in touch with a guy named Tad , who called McFly supposedly to take his credit card info .
It turns out that Tad is the person who placed the Genesis Coupe on eBay in the first place .
More from McFly : Ooof ...
It goes on and on like this – long story short , McFly did n't get the car at that price .
We saw a similar case a while back when a Nebraska BMW dealer refused to honor an auction for a $ 60,000 M3 .
Due to pressure , they eventually caved in and agreed to let the car go for the price they sold it for .
Still , you 've got to wonder if the few thousand dollars both of these dealers feel they deserve is worth the headaches and bad press .
We contacted Glenn Hyundai to get their side of the story , but were passed around before ultimately being hung up on .
We then contacted Hyundai USA , who told us , " We expect our dealers to contract in good faith with customers .
We do not know the details of this transaction .
But we hope the dealer and customer in question can come to a mutually beneficial agreement . "
We 'll keep you posted if McFly 's situation changes .
Jalopnik.com reportedly spoke to Internet Manager Eric Manley , who said , " I do n't know what the kid 's problem is other than he 's a little psycho . "
He 's also threatening to sue the buyer because of " slander " and claims he " lost his mind . '
From McFly : " Glenn Hyundai 's lawyer called me ( about 1 hr ago ) .
He says that there have been numerous calls to the dealership today , and that I need to stop .
I told him that I had n't called since December ( it was actually on 12/18/09 when I talked to Elizabeth McKinley about the last and final purchase order , which stated ' Not ebay internet price ' ) .
He said he found the information I posted on the internet , and to stop contacting the local news ( which I have n't contacted , maybe someone else did , I do n't know ) .
He also asked that I take off all the information from the internet .
If I do n't comply that the dealership and he will take legal action .
He asked me for my address so that he could send a formal letter requesting these things .
He has my address , 'it 's on the purchase order they faxed me , ' I told him .
" More from McFly : " Good news , Glenn Hyundai and I have come to an agreement .
I am now taking the next step , and changing every one of my posts to reflect that ' This was a misunderstanding and we have come to an agreement .
'I 'll give the details of the agreement once everything has been finalized .
Thanks so much for all the help that you 've all given me .
" No word on what the " agreement " is , nor what the " misunderstanding " consisted of .
That said , all of McFly 's posts have been changed to read , " This was a misunderstanding and we have come to an agreement .
"
If you 're still calling the dealership to voice your opinion , please stop .
There are reports that McFly could be in danger of losing the deal if calls to the dealership continue .
[ Source : gencoupe.com
Of some 84,000 chemicals being used commercially in the United States , some 20 percent — or 17,000 — are kept secret not only from the public , but from medical professionals , state regulators and even emergency responders , according to a report at the Washington Post .
And the reason for this potentially harmful lack of openness ?
Profit .
A 1976 law , the Toxic Substances Control Act , mandates that manufacturers report to the Environmental Protection Agency any new chemicals they intend to market , but manufacturers can request that a chemical be kept secret if disclosure “ could harm their bottom line , ” the Washington Post reports .
ADVERTISEMENT
Because they are secret , it ’s impossible to tell how many of the 17,000 chemicals are potentially harmful to people .
But the Post notes that , in March of last year , more than half of the “ substantial risk ” reports filed with the EPA involved secret chemicals .
And chemical makers may be abusing their privilege under the law .
According to the EPA , in recent years 95 percent of manufacturers ’ reports of new chemicals have made some request for secrecy .
Ten of the secret chemicals are used in children ’s products .
The Post reports that Congress this year will tackle reform of the 1976 law .
EPA head Lisa Jackson has begun an effort to increase transparency in commercial chemicals .
The EPA recently announced it is creating a “ Chemicals of Concern ” list , which will detail substances that “ may present an unreasonable risk of injury to health and the environment . ”
The power to do that was granted to the EPA under the 1976 law , but has never been used before .
Environment News Service reports :
ADVERTISEMENT
Jackson says the 1976 law is both outdated and in need of reform .
The decision to list the chemicals further signals “ this administration ’s commitment to aggressively use the tools at its disposal under TSCA , ” she said .
“ At the same time , ” Jackson said , “ I will continue to fight for comprehensive reform of the nation ’s outdated chemical management laws that ensures a full assessment of the safety of chemicals on the market today and effective actions to reduce risks where chemicals do not meet the safety standard . ”
“ Chemical safety is an issue of utmost importance , especially for children , and this will remain a top priority for me and our agency going forward , ” said Jackson , who is a mother .
In a press release , the EPA noted that , since the 1976 law was put on the books , the number of listed chemicals used in the US has increased from 60,000 to more than 80,000 , but the EPA “ has only successfully restricted or banned five existing chemicals and has only required testing on another two hundred existing chemicals . ”
Enlarge Aluminum bottles will keep the beer cold .
Gimme a Whopper , fries — and a beer .
Those words are no longer wishful thinking .
Friday , Burger King ( BKC ) will unveil plans to sell beer and burgers at a Whopper Bar — a new BK concept to compete with casual dining restaurants — in Miami Beach 's tourist - heavy South Beach .
The South Beach Whopper Bar is scheduled to open in mid-February .
CORPORATE PULSE : Executive Suite front page
Do n't look for beer at conventional Burger Kings .
That 's not in the plans .
But more Whopper Bars — which offer an assortment of burgers , toppings and beer — could be on tap in tourist hot spots such as New York , Los Angeles and Las Vegas , says Chuck Fallon , president of Burger King North America .
A brewski at the new Whopper Bar — served in special aluminum bottles to keep them extra cold — fetches $ 4.25 .
Or , order beer as part of a Whopper combo and your bill will be $ 7.99 — roughly $ 2 more than the same combo meal with a fountain drink .
The unusual move comes as the restaurant industry is reeling .
Restaurant operators reported lower same - store sales in November , compared with a year earlier , for the 18th - consecutive month , the National Restaurant Association reports .
Nearly 65 % of operators reported a same - store sales decline in November .
December results were unavailable .
Burger King 's Whopper
Bar is n't the first fast - food chain to test alcoholic beverages domestically .
Last year in Seattle , Starbucks opened " 15th Avenue Coffee and Tea , inspired by Starbucks . "
Beyond coffee and tea , it sells regional beers and wines .
By trying to wedge into the fast - casual dining arena with Whopper Bar , Burger King is chasing the 30 - and - under crowd , which is the industry 's future growth , says Bradford Hudson , marketing professor at Boston University .
But the move is very tricky , he says , because " Burger King means fast food . "
But Linda Lipsky , a restaurant consultant , says the move makes sense .
" The Burger King customer is aging , so they 're just trying to grow up with the customer . "
The restaurant will initially sell Anheuser - Busch and MillerCoors beers .
" You can have America 's favorite beers with America 's favorite burger , " Fallon says .
More will eventually be added , he says .
But Lipsky says the chain will be challenged to train staff to legally sell and serve alcohol .
" You can be an easy mark if you 're not used to selling alcohol , " she says .
Burger Kings in Germany and Whopper Bars in Singapore and Venezuela sell beer .
But this will be the first BK brand in the USA to sell beer .
( A Whopper Bar in Universal City does not sell beer . )
" We 're in the midst of understanding how much beer will be a part of the ( sales pitch ) , " Fallon says .
The restaurant also will offer delivery of all items — except beer .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
( CNN ) --
Three teenagers and a 4 - year - old were among the eight deaths in a Virginia shooting , state police said Wednesday .
Christopher Speight , 39 , is being held without bond at the Blue Ridge Regional Jail in Lynchburg , Virginia , after being charged with a single count of first degree murder , police said , adding that further charges are pending .
Speight surrendered peacefully early Wednesday morning after an overnight manhunt left him hiding in the woods surrounded by a several - square - mile perimeter set up by authorities , Appomattox County Sheriff O. Wilson Staples said .
Speight was wearing a bulletproof vest but had no weapons when he surrendered , Staples said .
State police identified the victims of Tuesday 's shooting as Ronald I. Scruggs II , 16 ; Emily A. Quarles , 15 ; Karen Quarles , 43 ; Jonathan L. Quarles , 43 ; Dwayne S. Sipe , 38 ; Lauralee Sipe , 38 ; Joshua Sipe , 4 ; and Morgan L. Dobyns , 15 .
All were from Appomattox except Scruggs , who was from Dillwyn , about 25 miles away .
Police did not say how the victims were related nor did they describe a motive for the shootings .
Earlier , they said that Speight lived at the Appomattox home where seven of the eight were found , that he co-owns it and adjoining land and that he was acquainted with all the victims .
Police were alerted to the incident Tuesday after noon when a person was discovered badly wounded in the middle of Route 703 .
That person later died at a hospital .
When police arrived at the scene they heard gunshots , authorities said .
Authorities established a perimeter around the area , including dogs and helicopters .
One of the helicopters was hit at least four times by bullets but " was able to make an emergency landing in a field near the scene , " state police said .
A search turned up the remaining seven bodies in and around the home , which is about 75 miles southwest of Richmond , Virginia 's capital .
On Wednesday , a search of the home turned up explosive devices , Molinar said .
He said authorities were safely detonating the devices but he did not describe them .
As an experiment , I picked up some signature dishes at popular New York spots .
I got the works at Shake Shack .
A New York strip steak with creamed spinach at Michael Jordan ’s Steakhouse .
From Ollie ’s , the Chinese chain , cumin - flavored lamb ( “ I eat that and need to consume about a gallon of water afterward , ” one foodie warned me ) .
A slice of candy bar pie from Momofuku Milk Bar , because a sprinkle of salt gives desserts there an edge .
House - made saffron pappardelle with braised rabbit at the Standard Grill , because it looked so luscious .
The corned beef at Katz ’s Delicatessen , because , well , how could you not ?
At Two Boots , I could have ordered the vegetarian Earth Mother pizza , but I opted for the Dude , a Cajun bacon - cheeseburger pie .
“ I ’ll have two Dudes , ” I told the guy behind the counter .
“ We ’re the only two dudes you need , ” he said , gesturing to his friend at the register .
That seemed pretty salty .
Instead of indulging , I put the dishes into Ziploc bags and sent them off to Certified Laboratories in Plainview , on Long Island , to be tested for sodium .
Then I had to wait for the results .
When a chef cooks in what Mark Erickson , the dean of culinary education at the Culinary Institute of America , called a “ fresh - prepared food environment , ” salt is only one of the many tools — along with garlic or citrus or fresh herbs , say — she can use to build flavor .
But if you ’re stirring a huge vat of goo in an industrial food factory a mile below the earth ’s surface , salt is one of the only tricks you have , so you have to use it a lot .
As a result , sodium levels in a sit - down restaurant might be much lower than in fast food , even if the flavor is more intense .
Image CONSULTING A PROFESSIONAL
Dan Silverman , head chef at the Standard Grill , talks to the City Critic about how salt is used at the restaurant .
Credit ... Joshua Bright for The New York Times
But at least in fast - food chains you can know what you ’re getting : in New York , they are required to post nutritional information , which they more or less stick to .
Better restaurants rely on the palate of not just the chef who creates the dish , but also the line cook who executes it .
“ When we say ‘ season to taste , ’ ” Mr. Erickson warned , “ if you ’ve been slaving in a hot kitchen your taste might be different from someone who ’s been sitting at a desk in an air - conditioned office all day . ”
The Skrooge team aims at releasing version 0.6.0 on February 6th .
To help us ironing any issue that may have slipped out of our attention , we encourage everyone to test our Release Candidate , available from our Download page , and to report them on bugs.kde.org .
Translators may also do their magic , as this means we are in String Freeze .
So , what 's to be expected in this upcoming version ?
Ability to define favorite account
New gui for search and process
Delete icon on each suboperation line
Compatibility with bespin theme
Do not collapse tree after editing one of it's items
More options in " Report " page
New function to delete unused categories
New option in contextual menu of report to hide bottom tool bar
Edition of split operations by single click
Better export QIF for investment
Option to display average , min and max if only one curve is drawn in reports
Option to display linear regression if only one curve is drawn in reports
Completion based on substrings
Completion on comments
And of course , the usual load of bugfixes .
Those interested can have a look in the changelog .
=-=-=-=-=
Powered by Blogilo
My very own pool !
A secluded setting ! !!
Who could fail to guess where this combination might lead a naturally inventive rubberman ?
Starting swimming at home as I did in Jsnuary , I had to wait a few months , so my skin would n't blue as it came out of the water .
My old favorite Contoured Latex Trunks got the first nod as Endless swimming attire .
The latex trunks in profile .
The occasion for these pictures was the addtion of a pool heat pump installation to my Endless Pool :
The first winter 's power bills had been frankly frightening , and I wanted them lower !
Aoccording to my calculations , the heat pump should pay for itself in less than five years .
If you 've visited my Masculine Mounding Section , you know these briefs can bulge much more !
This is a rather conservative presentation for me .
Alright , alright !
I 'm really going to get in the water this time !
As far as determining clothing options , " swimming " photos are the last place you want to go !
I believe it was the same suit :
It 's black is n't it ??
Some y'ars ago , I bought this skimpy little suit from Koala , a company that specializes in provocative " swimwear " .
The quotes are mine , because while all of their stuff is provocative , not much has any practical value for swimming .
Still , it does provide minimal " social security " !
I 've seen pool boys wearing a lot of different gear , but none in this rig .
Should we try to start a trend ?
Does the pool boy get to adjust the swimming speed controls ?
I 'm sure he 's just cleaning it .
This is more like it !
I think you missed a spot there , Boy !
You see , right next to my toe !
Another of those " trust me " poses .
I 'm reasonably certain that this would not be legal attire at any public pool !
Did I really swim in it ?
Would I even consider such a thing ?
The very idea !!
Well , it is blue , and brief , and rather fully bulged .
I 'd imagine that is my Knuckled Turqouise Foam Uplifter doing the heavy lifting .
The two suits I got from TruWest have become steadfast swimmers !
The marroon jammers are very snug in the leg , so one gets no sluicing of water through them at all .
No , the cap does NOT match !
A second photo of the same suit .
Maybe we can get some action photos later .
Except for the snug legs , the suit is quite comfortable .
Across the rich world more women are working than ever before .
Coping with this change will be one of the great challenges of the coming decades
C Dunlop
Correction to this article
THE economic empowerment of women across the rich world is one of the most remarkable revolutions of the past 50 years .
It is remarkable because of the extent of the change : millions of people who were once dependent on men have taken control of their own economic fates .
It is remarkable also because it has produced so little friction : a change that affects the most intimate aspects of people 's identities has been widely welcomed by men as well as women .
Dramatic social change seldom takes such a benign form .
Yet even benign change can come with a sting in its tail .
Social arrangements have not caught up with economic changes .
Many children have paid a price for the rise of the two - income household .
Many women — and indeed many men — feel that they are caught in an ever - tightening tangle of commitments .
If the empowerment of women was one of the great changes of the past 50 years , dealing with its social consequences will be one of the great challenges of the next 50 .
At the end of her campaign to become America 's first female president in 2008 , Hillary Clinton remarked that her 18 m votes in the Democratic Party 's primaries represented 18 m cracks in the glass ceiling .
In the market for jobs rather than votes the ceiling is being cracked every day .
Women now make up almost half of American workers ( 49.9 % in October ) .
They run some of the world 's best companies , such as PepsiCo , Archer Daniels Midland and W.L. Gore .
They earn almost 60 % of university degrees in America and Europe .
Progress has not been uniform , of course .
In Italy and Japan employment rates for men are more than 20 percentage points higher than those for women ( see chart 1 ) .
Although Italy 's female employment rate has risen markedly in the past decade , it is still below 50 % , and more than 20 percentage points below those of Denmark and Sweden ( chart 2 ) .
Women earn substantially less than men on average and are severely under - represented at the top of organisations .
The change is dramatic nevertheless .
A generation ago working women performed menial jobs and were routinely subjected to casual sexism — as “ Mad Men ” , a television drama about advertising executives in the early 1960s , demonstrates brilliantly .
Today women make up the majority of professional workers in many countries ( 51 % in the United States , for example ) and casual sexism is for losers .
Even holdouts such as the Mediterranean countries are changing rapidly .
In Spain the proportion of young women in the labour force has now reached American levels .
The glass is much nearer to being half full than half empty .
What explains this revolution ?
Politics have clearly played a part .
Feminists such as Betty Friedan have demonised domestic slavery and lambasted discrimination .
Governments have passed equal - rights acts .
Female politicians such as Margaret Thatcher and Mrs Clinton have taught younger women that anything is possible .
But politics is only part of the answer : such discordant figures as Ms Friedan and Lady Thatcher have been borne aloft by subterranean economic and technological forces .
The rich world has seen a growing demand for women 's labour .
When brute strength mattered more than brains , men had an inherent advantage .
Now that brainpower has triumphed the two sexes are more evenly matched .
The feminisation of the workforce has been driven by the relentless rise of the service sector ( where women can compete as well as men ) and the equally relentless decline of manufacturing ( where they could not ) .
The landmark book in the rise of feminism was arguably not Ms Friedan 's “ The Feminine Mystique ” but Daniel Bell 's “ The Coming of Post - Industrial Society ” .
Demand has been matched by supply : women are increasingly willing and able to work outside the home .
The vacuum cleaner has played its part .
Improved technology reduced the amount of time needed for the traditional female work of cleaning and cooking .
But the most important innovation has been the contraceptive pill .
The spread of the pill has not only allowed women to get married later .
It has also increased their incentives to invest time and effort in acquiring skills , particularly slow - burning skills that are hard to learn and take many years to pay off .
The knowledge that they would not have to drop out of , say , law school to have a baby made law school more attractive .
The expansion of higher education has also boosted job prospects for women , improving their value on the job market and shifting their role models from stay - at - home mothers to successful professional women .
The best - educated women have always been more likely than other women to work , even after having children .
In 1963 , 62 % of college - educated women in the United States were in the labour force , compared with 46 % of those with a high school diploma .
Today 80 % of American women with a college education are in the labour force compared with 67 % of those with a high school diploma and 47 % of those without one .
This growing cohort of university - educated women is also educated in more marketable subjects .
In 1966 , 40 % of American women who received a BA specialised in education in college ; 2 % specialised in business and management .
The figures are now 12 % and 50 % .
Women only continue to lag seriously behind men in a handful of subjects , such as engineering and computer sciences , where they earned about one - fifth of degrees in 2006 .
One of the most surprising things about this revolution is how little overt celebration it has engendered .
Most people welcome the change .
A recent Rockefeller Foundation / Time survey found that three - quarters of Americans regarded it as a positive development .
Nine men out of ten said they were comfortable with women earning more than them .
But few are cheering .
This is partly because young women take their opportunities for granted .
It is partly because for many women work represents economic necessity rather than liberation .
The rich world 's growing army of single mothers have little choice but to work .
A growing proportion of married women have also discovered that the only way they can preserve their households ' living standards is to join their husbands in the labour market .
In America families with stay - at - home wives have the same inflation - adjusted income as similar families did in the early 1970s .
But the biggest reason is that the revolution has brought plenty of problems in its wake .
Production versus reproduction
One obvious problem is that women 's rising aspirations have not been fulfilled .
They have been encouraged to climb onto the occupational ladder only to discover that the middle rungs are dominated by men and the upper rungs are out of reach .
Only 2 % of the bosses of Fortune 500 companies and five of those in the FTSE 100 stockmarket index are women .
Women make up less than 13 % of board members in America .
The upper ranks of management consultancies and banks are dominated by men .
In America and Britain the typical full - time female worker earns only about 80 % as much as the typical male .
This no doubt owes something to prejudice .
But the biggest reason why women remain frustrated is more profound : many women are forced to choose between motherhood and careers .
Childless women in corporate America earn almost as much as men .
Mothers with partners earn less and single mothers much less .
The cost of motherhood is particularly steep for fast - track women .
Traditionally “ female ” jobs such as teaching mix well with motherhood because wages do not rise much with experience and hours are relatively light .
But at successful firms wages rise steeply and schedules are demanding .
Future bosses are expected to have worked in several departments and countries .
Professional - services firms have an up - or - out system which rewards the most dedicated with lucrative partnerships .
The reason for the income gap may thus be the opposite of prejudice .
It is that women are judged by exactly the same standards as men .
This Hobson 's choice is imposing a high cost on both individuals and society .
Many professional women reject motherhood entirely ; in Switzerland 40 % of them are childless .
Others delay child - bearing for so long that they are forced into the arms of the booming fertility industry .
Some choose not to work at all , representing a loss to collective investment in talent .
But a choice must be made .
A study of graduates of the University of Chicago 's Booth School of Business by Marianne Bertrand and her colleagues found that , ten to 16 years after graduating , just over half of those who had chosen to have children were working full - time .
About a quarter were working part - time and just under a quarter had left the labour force .
It also leaves many former high - flyers frustrated .
Another American study , this time of women who left work to have children , found that all but 7 % of them wanted to return to work .
Only 74 % managed to return , and just 40 % returned to full - time jobs .
Even well - off parents worry that they spend too little time with their children , thanks to crowded schedules and the ever - buzzing BlackBerry .
For poorer parents , juggling the twin demands of work and child - rearing can be a nightmare .
Child care eats a terrifying proportion of the family budget , and many childminders are untrained .
But quitting work to look after the children can mean financial disaster .
British children brought up in two - parent families where only one parent works are almost three times more likely to be poor than children with two parents at work .
A survey for the Children 's Society , a British charity , found that 60 % of parents agreed that “ nowadays parents are n't able to spend enough time with their children ” .
In a similar survey in America 74 % of parents said that they did not have enough time for their children .
Nor does the problem disappear as children get older .
In most countries schools finish early in the afternoon .
In America they close down for two months in the summer .
Only a few places — Denmark , Sweden and , to a lesser extent , France and Quebec — provide comprehensive systems of after - school care .
Different countries have adopted different solutions to the problem of combining work and parenthood .
Some stress the importance of very young children spending time with their mothers .
Austria , the Czech Republic , Finland and Hungary provide up to three years of paid leave for mothers .
Germany has introduced a “ parent 's salary ” , or Elterngeld , to encourage mothers to stay at home .
( The legislation was championed by a minister for women who has seven children . )
Other countries put more emphasis on preschool education .
New Zealand and the Nordic countries are particularly keen on getting women back to work and children into kindergartens .
Britain , Germany , Japan , Switzerland and , above all , the Netherlands are keen on mothers working part - time .
Others , such as the Czech Republic , Greece , Finland , Hungary , Portugal and South Korea , make little room for part - time work for women .
The Scandinavian countries , particularly Iceland , have added a further wrinkle by increasing incentives for fathers to spend more time caring for their children .
The world 's biggest economy has adopted an idiosyncratic approach .
America provides no statutory paid leave for mothers and only 12 weeks unpaid .
At least 145 countries provide paid sick leave .
America allows only unpaid absence for serious family illness .
America 's public spending on family support is low by OECD standards ( see chart 3 ) .
It spends only 0.5 % of its GDP on public support for child care compared with 1.3 % in France and 2.7 % in Denmark .
It is difficult to evaluate the relative merits of these various arrangements .
Different systems can produce similar results : anti-statist America has roughly the same proportion of children in kindergartens as statist Finland .
Different systems have different faults .
Sweden is not quite the paragon that its fans imagine , despite its family - friendly employment policies .
Only 1.5 % of senior managers are women , compared with 11 % in America .
Three - quarters of Swedish women work in the public sector ; three - quarters of men work in the private sector .
But there is evidence that America and Britain , the countries that combine high female employment with reluctance to involve the state in child care , serve their children especially poorly .
A report by Unicef in 2007 on children in rich countries found that America and Britain had some of the lowest scores for “ well - being ” .
A woman 's world
The trend towards more women working is almost certain to continue .
In the European Union women have filled 6 m of the 8 m new jobs created since 2000 .
In America three out of four people thrown out of work since the recession began are men ; the female unemployment rate is 8.6 % , against 11.2 % for men .
The Bureau of Labour Statistics calculates that women make up more than two - thirds of employees in ten of the 15 job categories likely to grow fastest in the next few years .
By 2011 there will be 2.6 m more women than men studying in American universities .
Women will also be the beneficiaries of the growing “ war for talent ” .
The combination of an ageing workforce and a more skill - dependent economy means that countries will have to make better use of their female populations .
Goldman Sachs calculates that , leaving all other things equal , increasing women 's participation in the labour market to male levels will boost GDP by 21 % in Italy , 19 % in Spain , 16 % in Japan , 9 % in America , France and Germany , and 8 % in Britain .
Rex Features
The next generation
The corporate world is doing ever more to address the loss of female talent and the difficulty of combining work with child care .
Many elite companies are rethinking their promotion practices .
Addleshaw Goddard , a law firm , has created the role of legal director as an alternative to partnerships for women who want to combine work and motherhood .
Ernst &
Young and other accounting firms have increased their efforts to maintain connections with women who take time off to have children and then ease them back into work .
Home - working is increasingly fashionable .
More than 90 % of companies in Germany and Sweden allow flexible working .
A growing number of firms are learning to divide the working week in new ways — judging staff on annual rather than weekly hours , allowing them to work nine days a fortnight , letting them come in early or late and allowing husbands and wives to share jobs .
Almost half of Sun Microsystems 's employees work at home or from nearby satellite offices .
Raytheon , a maker of missile systems , allows workers every other Friday off to take care of family business , if they make up the hours on other days .
Companies are even rethinking the structure of careers , as people live and work longer .
Barclays is one of many firms that allow five years ' unpaid leave .
John Lewis offers a six - month paid sabbatical to people who have been in the company for 25 years .
Companies are allowing people to phase their retirement .
Child - bearing years will thus make up a smaller proportion of women 's potential working lives .
Spells out of the labour force will become less a mark of female exceptionalism .
Faster change is likely as women exploit their economic power .
Many talented women are already hopping off the corporate treadmill to form companies that better meet their needs .
In the past decade the number of privately owned companies started by women in America has increased twice as fast as the number owned by men .
Women - owned companies employ more people than the largest 500 companies combined .
Eden McCallum and Axiom Legal have applied a network model to their respective fields of management consultancy and legal services : network members work when it suits them and the companies use their scale to make sure that clients have their problems dealt with immediately .
Governments are also trying to adjust to the new world .
Germany now has 1,600 schools where the day lasts until mid-afternoon .
Some of the most popular American charter schools offer longer school days and shorter summer holidays .
But so far even the combination of public - and private - sector initiatives has only gone so far to deal with the problem .
The children of poorer working mothers are the least likely to benefit from female - friendly companies .
Millions of families still struggle with insufficient child - care facilities and a school day that bears no relationship to their working lives .
The West will be struggling to cope with the social consequences of women 's economic empowerment for many years to come .
Correction :
We originally wrote that according to the study by Marianne Bertrand and her colleagues , about half of the female MBAs who had chosen to have children remained in the labour force .
In fact , just over half were working full - time .
More were working part - time .
This was corrected on January 5th 2010 .
These muffins are a labor of love , which is what I think you are supposed to call things that take a bit more work than you ’d originally anticipated .
I ’m not sure if this muffin is to blame , however .
You see , we ’ve come to expect that muffins , or so - called “ quick breads ” are indeed speedy to put together so when one takes the smallest amount more time , it may feel like a chore .
Especially if you do not do handsprings of joy over the results , which I confess I did not do immediately .
But today .
Today I woke up and had one of these muffins and while I might be too sleepy , curmudgeonly and also feeling a zillion years too old to literally get my heels over head , I most certainly was on the inside because these are unexpectedly delicious .
There ’s so much going on , toasted ground fennel seeds scenting a hearty muffin base , a creamy ricotta and tangy sour cream ( or crème fraîche , if you ’re fancy ) center and a hefty lid sprinkled with pecans that have been toasted nearly to the point of caramelization .
The muffin itself has the kind of curiously crisp - edged crumb you get when you bake without eggs and while not savory , it ’s not sweet either , a relief for people who find the first stroke of the morning to be a bit too early for the day ’s first dessert .
So about that extra labor — which can be broken down as toasting and grinding fennel seeds , toasting and chopping nuts and assembling the muffins in layers so to segment off the creamy center —
I ’m reading back and it does n’t really sound like such an ordeal , does it ?
Perhaps this is n’t a muffin you throw together in the 5 minutes Mr. Corduroy entertains himself in his swing , but when you have 20 to spare , let it be a relief to know that you will be duly rewarded for your extra toasts and grinds .
Is n’t that all that matters ?
One year ago : Sugar Puffs and Smashed Chickpea Salad
Two years ago : Fried Chicken
Three years ago : Grapefruit Yogurt Cake
Ricotta Muffins
Adapted just barely from Pastries from La Brea Bakery , a gift from a very nice lady
The book says it yields 12 standard - size muffins , but I could have gotten 14 ( if I had n’t insisted upon overfilling and then overflowing the tins )
1/2 cup ( 2 ounces ) walnuts or pecans
2 teaspoons fennel seeds
3 cups ( 380 grams ) unbleached pastry flour or unbleached all - purpose flour
3/4 cup ( 150 grams ) granulated sugar
1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon baking powder
3/4 teaspoon baking soda
1 1/2 cups ( 345 grams ) plain yogurt
3/4 cup ( 150 grams ) vegetable oil ( though I imagine that olive oil would be a delicious swap whoops , many commenters who tried it said that the olive oil was way too heavy ; listen to them , not me ! )
1/2 cup ( 125 grams ) ricotta cheese
6 tablespoons ( 90 grams ) crème fraîche or sour cream
Kosher salt , to taste
Adjust the oven rack to the center position and preheat oven to 325 °F .
Lightly butter a 1/2 - cup capacity muffin tin .
Spread the nuts on a baking sheet and toast in the oven until lightly browned ( though I like my pecans a darker brown , for better flavor ) , about 8 to 10 minutes .
Shake the pan halfway through to ensure that the nuts toast evenly .
Cool , chop finely and set aside .
Turn the oven up to 350 °F .
In a small sauté pan over medium heat , toast the fennel seeds , stirring occasionally until they become aromatic and turn slightly brown , about 2 to 3 minutes .
Allow to cool and finely chop , crush or grind in a spice grinder , clean coffee grinder or mortar and pestle .
In a large bowl , sift the flour , sugar , baking powder and baking soda together to combine .
Sprinkle in the fennel seeds .
Make a large well in the center and pour in the yogurt and oil .
Whisk together the liquids and gradually draw in the the dry ingredients , mixing until incorperated .
To prepare the filling : Place the ricotta in a mixing bowl and , if stiff , break it up wtih a rubber spatula to loosen .
Stire in the crème fraîche and a pinch of salt .
Using a pastry bag fitted with a wide tip , a plastic bag with the corner snipped off or a spoon , fill each muffin tin one - third of the way with batter .
Place one tablespoon of the filling into the center of each muffin .
( I suspect at this point that Silverton believes that your filling will be thick , and perhaps with a stiff ricotta and crème fraîche , it might have been , but my mixture , with store brand ricotta and sour cream , was more of a puddle that spilled out into a flat layer .
While it did n’t matter in the end , it did make it harder to put the remaining muffin batter — which was stiffer than the filling — over the ricotta mixture with just a spoon and I ended up having to go the plastic bag / piping bag route to easily cover it .
Grumble - gripe . )
Pipe or spoon the remaining batter into the cups , filling them to just below the rim .
( Unlike you see in my pictures , as I overfilled the tins . )
Sprinkle about 1 teaspoon of the nuts over the top of each .
( I had extra . )
Bake for 25 to 30 minutes , until lightly brown and firm to the touch .
Do ahead : I ’m going to put a big question mark in this space until smarter people than me weigh in on whether a ricotta - filled muffin can be stored at room temperature .
( We left them out and lived to tell you about them , but perhaps this was still a no - no ? )
Muffins always freeze well , however if you ’re looking to a get a head start .
Do More : Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
Print
Email
Police in Rio de Janeiro and Sao Paulo have killed more than 11,000 people in the past six years , many execution - style , according to a report released Tuesday by Human Rights Watch .
Few of the officers have been charged in the extrajudicial killings , which are often labeled in police reports as the deaths of suspects who resisted arrest , the report said .
The 122 - page declaration echoes a 2008 United Nations ’ finding that police throughout Brazil were responsible for a “ significant portion ” of 48,000 slayings the year before .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Extrajudicial killing of criminal suspects is not the answer to violent crime , ” said Jose Miguel Vivanco , Americas director at Human Rights Watch .
“ The residents of Rio and Sao Paulo need more effective policing , not more violence from the police . ”
Isabel Figueiredo , Brazil ’s coordinator - general of human rights and public safety , acknowledged that police violence is a widespread problem and “ it concerns the federal government a great deal . ”
Figueiredo said authorities have launched a series of initiatives to confront the problem , including training police to respect human rights and the appropriate use of force , in addition to the purchase of less - lethal weapons for state police forces .
Security forces “ have begun to understand that instead of solving the problem , confronting criminals with weapons leads to casualties on both sides , ” she said .
Officials from the Rio and Sao Paulo police departments did not comment .
ADVERTISEMENT
But Rio state Public Safety Director Jose Beltrame , in charge of the city ’s armed security forces , previously took issue with the 2008 U.N. report , saying critics do n’t recognize that his officers must constantly confront drug gangs who rule over slums and are armed with military rifles , grenades and anti-aircraft weapons .
“ We have to deal with something few others face : armed combat with drug traffickers who are equipped with heavy weapons coming from abroad , ” Beltrame said in an October interview with The Associated Press .
“ That is a unique attribute our police deal with . ”
He spoke after Rio gangs had unleashed a wave of violence in which they downed a police helicopter , killing three of the six officers aboard — just a mile ( two kilometers ) from the Maracana stadium , where the 2016 Olympics ’ opening and closing ceremonies and the 2014 World Cup final will be held .
ADVERTISEMENT
The Human Rights Watch report examined 51 cases in Rio and Sao Paulo in which it seemed that police had killed an alleged criminal , but then reported the victim died while resisting arrest .
— Full story continues below —
ADVERTISEMENT
Hej och välkommen !
Söker du underhållning ?
Då har du hittat helt rätt .
På jesper .nu hittar du massor med roliga spel , roliga bilder och annat kul .
Aktuellt
Ett flöde med random trevliga saker som händer i vår omvärld .
Mobilspel på Jesper.nu
Bättre sent än aldrig kan man väl säga .. =)
Nu har vi äntligen lagt in några spel som går att spela direkt via mobilen .
Förhoppningsvis kan vi på sikt få in många spel !
Just nu är det bara några st men man slipper installera appar för att spela .
Alla spel går att köra direkt ( gå in i webbläsaren på mobilen och skriv jesper.nu , sen klicka mobilspel ) .
Länk här Mobilspel
Älska mig ( Viaplay )
Ny serie på Viaplay av Josephine Bournebuch , se på Viaplay
Ljusets hastighet förklarat i videoformat
Solsidan - ny säsong ( 6 )
Finns från 20 okt på C More
Ny rekordtid för Marathon - lopp ( under 2 h )
Vår tid är nu
SVT :s stora dramasatsning tillbaka med ny säsong
El Camino
Nu kommer avslutningen för den populära tv-serien Breaking Bad ut i filmformat .
Se på Netflix , IMDB , se trailer för El Camino :
Ute på tur med hojjen
Se mer på sida 2
Husky Dog Rescued From Icy River
Photos by Harlem - Roscoe Fire Photographer Sheryl Drost
www.harlemroscoefire.com
January 13 , 2010
Three local agencies teamed up to sucessfully rescue a dog from the icy Rock River on January 13 .
A resident on Harbor Oaks Drive in Machesney Park found that a white Husky had fallen into the Rock River behind her home and was desperately struggling to climb back up onto a ice shelf about 10 - 12 feet from the shore .
The dog was fighting against the swift current full of ice chunks .
Winnebago County Animal Control , Winnebago County Sheriff ''s Department and Harlem - Roscoe
Fire were all dispatched to the scene to help with the rescue .
The nearly frozen Husky definitely had a will to live as it clenched on to a rope thrown by one of the Animal Control Officers .
The officer was then able to throw a noose around the dog's neck , but the dog was too tired to pull itself up onto the thin ice shelf .
A Harlem - Roscoe Firefighter in a cold water survival suit attached by safety ropes was then able to belly crawl out to rescue the dog .
Firefighters then pulled both the firefighter and the exhausted dog to shore .
Animal Control Officers and a Harlem - Roscoe Fire Paramedic immediately started drying and warming the animal with blankets .
Animal Control Officers transported him to a nearby immediate care veterinary clinic .
The dog had been in the cold water for over an hour , but it was still fighting to live .
Last reports are that the male Husky is recovering from it 's frigid ordeal and his owners have been located .
IT DOES not matter whether you are a global warming sceptic , it is still difficult to deny that unsustainable economic pressure on natural resources and the environment is the most substantial market failure in the history of the market economy .
Therefore , regulation is inevitable .
Surprisingly , most economists , most politicians and even the public do n't seem to be particularly concerned with the type of regulation .
Direct regulation or financial inducement are both appropriate measures to promote a sustainable economy and , particularly , sustainable energy generation and use .
Nevertheless , the debate seems to be evolving about the shape and form of the financial inducement - carbon tax versus carbon emissions trading - and the directions and magnitude of compensation required .
In the international context , observers are mostly concerned with the timing of Australia 's action , but that in turn depends on when and what this country 's big competitors and trading partners do to curb their carbon emissions .
Russian interests attempted to force the U.S. government bailout of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac by selling off its holdings in the two entities in 2008 , then urging China to do the same , according to former U.S. Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson .
Paulson ’s claim is carried by his forthcoming memoir , “ On The Brink . ”
An early copy was obtained by Bloomberg News .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The Russians made a ‘ top - level approach ’ to the Chinese ‘ that together they might sell big chunks of their GSE holdings to force the U.S. to use its emergency authorities to prop up these companies , ’ Paulson said , referring to the acronym for government sponsored entities , ” Bloomberg reported .
“ The Chinese declined , he said . ”
He reportedly added that he waited until returning to the U.S. before informing former President George W. Bush of what he called a “ disruptive plan . ”
The New York Post called it flirting with “ financial war . ”
Indeed , Bloomberg adds that during the opening ceremonies of the Beijing Olympics , Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin warned Bush that “ war has started , ” according to Putin ’s spokesman .
The Kremlin has since denied that it urged the Chinese to sell bonds in Fannie and Freddie amid the height of the mortgage crisis .
In Paulson ’s memoir , he also claims that “ Alistair Darling , the UK chancellor , blocked a rescue takeover of Lehman Brothers by Barclays Bank when he refused to support special treatment by UK regulators , ” Financial Times noted .
He had allegedly been under pressure by New York Federal Reserve chief Timothy Geithner to waive the requirement of a shareholder vote to approve an accelerated merger between the two firms .
Darling refused “ without a hint of apology in his voice , ” Paulson claims .
ADVERTISEMENT
Russia held some $ 65.6 billion in Fannie and Freddie bonds at the beginning of 2008 , according to Bloomberg .
They have since been sold off .
U.S. regulators seized the banks in Sept. 2008 .
Congressman Barney Frank ( D - MA ) , who chairs the House Financial Services Committee , said recently that both banks could be abolished following a complete reformation of how home mortgages are handled in the U.S.
He expects the committee to make a recommendation to that effect .
Peter Wallison , a former general counsel to the U.S.
Treasury , estimated at the end of 2009 that taxpayers would lose in upwards of $ 400 billion for its support of Fannie and Freddie .
The 2000s left us feeling battered , but the 2010s are looking awesome .
Thanks to recent scientific research and an explosion of cultural interest in science fiction , there are at least 15 brilliant reasons to stick around for another decade .
Advertisement
Image by Dan Lydersen .
15 . Lost returns
Sure , it may not last for the entire decade , but you can start the 'tens right by feeding your confused and delighted brain with the conclusion to JJ Abrams ' time - twisting tale of an island that ripped the fabric of space - time .
Lost returns Feb. 2 to begin its sixth and final season .
Advertisement
14 . Molecular machines
As nanotechnology emerges from science fiction into the laboratory , one of the most promising nanotech applications is the molecular motor - an engineered molecule that can do anything from deliver a payload of medicine to a hard - to - reach part of the body , to crawl up your DNA to repair damage .
Molecular motors might serve as cellular " prosthetics , " attaching to cells to augment their functioning ( yes , you can overclock your cells ) .
We 're pretty far from having replicators , but we may have ultra-tiny robots that can zoom through our blood and fix us up far more elegantly than the surgeon 's knife ever could .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Advertisement
13 . Ridley Scott returns to scifi .
He peeled the top layer off our brains and eyeballs with scifi flicks Alien and Blade Runner , and then went on to make dramas without any spaceships or dystopian future cities in them .
At last one of science fiction 's greatest cinematic auteurs has pledged to make the 'tens the decade when he returns to the genre .
He 's got movie versions of Joe Haldeman 's The Forever War and Aldous Huxley 's Brave New World in the works , as well as a prequel to Alien .
Knowing these films are coming from Scott is going to keep us on the edge of our ( movie theater ) seats for the next ten years .
Advertisement
( image via Pana Stamos )
12 . A follow - up to Jonathan Strange and Mr. Norrell .
With her brilliant literary fantasy novel Jonathan Strange & Mr. Norrell , Susanna Clarke changed both fantasy writing and what was considered acceptable in literary circles .
She took a novel scientific - historical approach to her story of two magicians who become involved in politics and warfare in England during the Napoleonic Wars .
Fans have been waiting for a sequel to the novel for quite a while , and insiders at Clarke 's publishing house says she 's definitely under contract to write one - supposedly a sequel set in the Middle East and Asia - but there 's no deadline for this author who might take up to 10 years to write a novel .
Let 's assume optimistically that she 's already been working on it for a couple of years - that means sometime in the 'tens we 'll get to plunge into another of Clarke 's amazing tales of magic and geopolitical history .
Advertisement
11 . A much - needed population dropoff is imminent .
The US Census recently released its projections for global population expansion and decline over the next few decades .
Although the population is growing , its rate of growth is entering a steep decline .
Next decade may be the beginning of the end of the population explosion , which is good news for everyone - especially people who will be living on the planet 100 years from now .
Advertisement
Advertisement
10 . Green development .
Over the next decade , we 'll start to see results from programs designed to foster green development , like Google 's major alternative energy initiative RE <C or the US Department of Energy 's investments in green resources .
Electric cars could come to dominate the roads , and eco-friendly urban developments ( like China 's delayed Dongtan ) could start opening their doors to residents .
What happens when old energy is challenged by new energy ?
Live through the 'tens and you just might find out .
Advertisement
( image via yellow_bird )
9. Dubai skyline .
Pretty much every major construction project and architectural wonder is being planned for the insta-city of Dubai , in the United Arab Emirates .
The world 's tallest building , the world 's roundest building , and the world 's most elaborate human - engineered islands are all part of Dubai 's future skyline and footprint .
Though the Dubai government 's investment wing , Dubai World , is suffering a debt crisis , there is still ample time for it to be resolved with a bailout - and many of the region 's biggest projects ( like world 's tallest building Burj Dubai ) have continued despite financial setbacks .
We can't wait to see what the future looks like in the Middle East 's most cosmopolitan region .
Advertisement
8. Joss Whedon conquers the web
After the disasters of Dollhouse and Firefly last decade , Joss Whedon has sworn off television and pledged to take his dark SF / fantasy visions direct to the web .
He 's already won our hearts with his first web series , Dr. Horrible 's Singalong Blog .
As web series grow in legitimacy , and most people turn to their monitors to watch TV , we anticipate that this may be the smartest move Whedon has ever made .
We can't wait to set our phasers to interweb and watch the next thing Whedon 's imagination will spawn .
Advertisement
( image via Grrrod )
7. Alastair Reynolds ' 10 books in 10 years for Orbit .
A master of smart , intriguing space operas like Revelation Space , Reynolds has become over the past decade one of the most sought - after science fiction writers in the genre .
UK publisher Orbit acknowledged his stature by offering the author an unprecedented book deal : £ 1 million to write 10 books over the next decade - approximately one per year .
Reynolds is starting with what he calls an " African inflected " trilogy about how humanity will finally get offworld and start colonizing space .
Advertisement
6. Steven Moffat takes over Doctor Who
Writer of some of the new Doctor
Who 's strongest episodes , such as " The Empty Child " and " Blink , " Moffat is also known for creating the BBC series Jekyll , which wowed critics and viewers with its intense reimagining of the classic Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde tale .
Now that showrunner Russell T. Davies has stepped down , Moffat is taking over running Doctor Who starting in 2010 with the new series ' fifth season .
Saying that we can't wait is a major understatement .
Advertisement
5. Exploring the asteroid belt with Dawn satellite .
Launched in 2007 , the Dawn satellite is due to rendezvous with the large Vesta asteroids and with Ceres , the largest planetoid in the asteroid belt .
Researchers believe that these asteroids will be packed with metals like nickel as well as ice .
If we ever hope to send missions to the outer planets like Jupiter and Saturn ( home to Titan , a moon that might support life ) , we 're going to need a stop - off point with a rich natural store of water ( a source of oxygen , among other things ) as well as metals .
This mission , the first to examine the Vestas and Ceres up close , could help establish the asteroid belt as a massive rest stop for travelers in our solar system .
Advertisement
4. Synthetic life .
Last decade , genome warlord Craig Venter promised - and nearly delivered - an entirely synthetic bacterium , with DNA made from scratch ( well , from polymers ) in the lab .
Meanwhile synthetic biology pioneers like Drew Endy have worked to make the tools of genetic engineering available to everyone who wants to experiment with DNA .
Researchers have created DNA - controlled counters and students invented bacteria that can locate buried landmines for the annual synthetic biology iGEM competition at MIT .
In the 'tens , get ready for the first synthetic organism , quickly followed by the second through the twentieth .
We probably wo n't be getting pigs with wings any time soon , but we could get bacteria that eat pollution in the ocean .
Advertisement
Synthetic Bacteria Can Reveal Landmines
Tailor - made microbes could save thousands of lives a year in poor nations , but not in the way you …
Read more
Advertisement
Advertisement
3. Space opera conquers movies .
With JJ Abrams working on two sequels to his rebooted Star Trek series , Pixar 's Andrew Stanton ( director of Wall - E ) doing his John Carter of Mars movie , James Cameron contemplating other movies set in the Avatar universe , and Duncan Jones ( director of Moon ) signed on to helm several other scifi projects ( including two more movies set in the Moon universe ) , it looks like space opera might be the new awesomeness in cinema .
Instead of mutants and zombies destroying the Earth , spaceships and tales of astropolitics will be expanding our minds .
And that 's something to look forward to .
Advertisement
2. Finding the Higgs boson particle .
The Large Hadron Collider in Switzerland is just getting started on the many physics experiments scheduled to zoom through its long underground tunnels .
By far the most widely - anticipated experiment will ( hopefully ) reveal the elusive Higgs boson , a particle that scientists believe is responsible for giving mass to every object in the universe .
Isolating the Higgs boson could help us understand where mass comes from , and why some particles ( like photons ) are massless .
If discovery is the first step towards mastery , then who knows where the Higgs boson could take us ?
Advertisement
1. The Mars Science Laboratory
Set to launch in 2011 and land on Mars in 2012 , the Mars Science Laboratory is NASA 's latest effort to explore whether life like ours ever existed on Mars - and could be supported there again .
The Laboratory is a robot rover called Curiosity , and is like a much larger and more sophisticated version of the two Martian rovers Spirit and Opportunity .
According to NASA :
The rover will analyze dozens of samples scooped from the soil and drilled from rocks .
The record of the planet 's climate and geology is essentially " written in the rocks and soil " — in their formation , structure , and chemical composition .
The rover 's onboard laboratory will study rocks , soils , and the local geologic setting in order to detect chemical building blocks of life ( e.g. , forms of carbon ) on Mars and will assess what the martian environment was like in the past .
Advertisement
So why get so excited about another Martian rover ?
Because what Curiosity discovers will help bring us closer to establishing a Martian base which could one day become the foundation for a thriving Martian civilization .
And that 's the kind of future that we live for .
It has been said that life imitates art , but there 's more than a few times that history 's shown real life kicks art 's ass .
Danny
Ocean might have had some big plans in his movies , but he can't hold a candle to some of history 's more daring real - life thieves .
7 Cool Hand Vincenzo
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
In 1911 , Vincenzo Peruggia had only worked at the esteemed Louvre Museum for one month when the young Italian first encountered the Mona Lisa .
Feeling that the famed painting belonged back in its native Italy , Vincenzo spent the next three weeks researching .
He studied the museum 's entrances , exits , the locks and he even profiled the security guards and found that their " lazy work habits " were perfectly suited to his purposes .
After a careful period of casing the joint and its inhabitants , on August 21 , 1911 , he pulled off what was referred to at the time as the crime of the century .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
The Plan :
He knew that the museum would be closed Monday morning for repairs , and after hiding inside the museum the whole night , Vincenzo donned a smock and swept the Mona Lisa off her feet with one furl of his fabric .
Seeing at least 10 people working nearby and being illegally in the possession of the most famous piece of art known to the planet might weaken the resolve of lesser men , but Vincenzo kept his cool .
He moved down a nearby stairway , probably humming the Mission : Impossible theme to himself , and freed Mona from her frame .
When the downstairs exit was locked , Vincenzo thinking either on his feet or like a caveman ripped the doorknob off the door and convinced a nearby plumber that it was stolen .
A reminder :
The dude with the Mona Lisa on his person was making a fuss to a plumber about a stolen doorknob .
The plumber let him out and bam :
The crime was complete .
Apparently basic skepticism had n't been invented yet .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Vincenzo expected a hero's welcome back in Italy and a hefty reward for the painting , but Florence 's Uffizi Gallery just fluffed his balls long enough to authenticate the painting and put the poor dumb sap under arrest .
Vincenzo was sentenced to jail , but served minimal time as the patriotism of his act was considered a " mitigating factor . "
Remember that the next time you appear in traffic court .
You were n't speeding .
You were speeding for America .
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Formula 1 teams have agreed to introduce an extra strategic element to races this season by forcing leading drivers to start races on the same tyres that they qualified on , AUTOSPORT can reveal .
With the ban on refuelling for 2010 already forcing a big change in tactics compared to how grands prix have run in recent years , the new rule looks set to have an impact on how teams approach qualifying as well .
Although the tweak has not yet been committed to the regulations , sources have revealed that last week 's meeting of the Sporting Working Group agreed to the change as a way of improving the show .
It is understood that the majority of teams present voted in favour of a rule that will require the top 10 cars that make it through to the final session of qualifying to start the race on the same tyres that they set their fastest Q3 time on .
This will open up the possibility of teams gambling on sacrificing the best possible time in Q3 by running a more consistent but less quick tyre so as to have a better chance in the race .
Alternatively , teams may choose a tyre that is better over a single lap to secure a good grid position , even if it runs the risk of compromising race performance .
The teams hope that the rule tweak will serve to mix up the tactics throughout the grid and therefore lead to more exciting races .
The change still needs to be voted on by the Formula 1 Commission and the World Motor Sport Council next week before passing into the regulations , but this is likely to be a formality .
The refuelling ban this season has brought about mixed opinions about whether it will improve the racing - with some suggesting that the difficulties in overtaking will result in races turning into pure processions .
McLaren team principal Martin Whitmarsh said on Monday that he hoped the ban would prove a positive for F1 .
" Inevitably , when you make a change , there are pros and cons , " he said .
" Regarding the pros , it arguably makes qualifying purer because the fastest car / driver combination will be setting the fastest times , and the public can understand that .
" Secondly , in the race itself , overtaking was often being planned and implemented to occur as a consequence of strategy , and therefore happening in the pit lane and not the circuit .
" In the absence of that effect , drivers will have a greater incentive to overtake .
There have been occasions in the past where a driver has n't had that incentive because he knows he will be running longer and can get past the car ahead strategically through the pit stops .
" Additionally , the fact that drivers will qualify on low - fuel , and then the next time they drive the car in anger into the first corner will be after a standing start with cold tyres and cold brakes and 160 kg of fuel .
" That will be very challenging for them , not just in terms of getting round that first corner , but in terms of how they look after their tyres and how the balance of the car will alter as a consequence of that .
And there will be drivers who are able to deal with those changes better than others .
" Those are all the positives .
On the negative side , it 's possible that if all of the above is managed equally well by every driver , then we 'll have lost one of the strategic campaign interests that the more avid fans enjoyed in the sport .
Hopefully the former points will outweigh the latter . "
David Carr ’s media column this week looks at the state of affairs with late - night television .
He argues that the ratings drama surrounding “ The Tonight Show ” has nothing to do with Conan O’Brien or Jay Leno , but is instead a demonstration of the changing tide of consumer habits from television time slots to the Web .
Paul Drinkwater / NBC
I have to be completely honest : I did n’t even know “ The Tonight Show ” went on the air at 11:35 p.m. until the drama surrounding the shows ’ time change happened recently .
Just like Mr. Carr and his daughter , I sit at home watching Web clips of the show on my computer — as I do with all my television programming .
Over the last week , I ’ve enjoyed watching the hosts snipe back and forth as my friends shared links to specific clips , passing along the daisy chain of comedy to others .
Mr. O’Brien argued last week , in a letter to NBC and his fans , that “ Some people will make the argument that with DVRs and the Internet , a time slot does n’t matter .
But with the ‘ Tonight Show , ’ I believe nothing could matter more . ”
I ’m sure nothing could matter more on spreadsheets and in traditional advertising meetings .
But with the 18 - to 34 - year - old crowd , who have shown undaunted support for Mr. O’Brien , a time slot is as relevant as which brand of frying pan your favorite restaurants use to cook your meal — maybe it makes a difference in the kitchen , but 99 percent of the patrons just want good food .
I do n’t envy Mr. O’Brien ’s position .
He took the helm of a steadfast , solid brand in a time of tumultuous change .
As newspaper editors and music producers have also learned , the old models do n’t apply to the next audience .
Mr. O’Brien ’s youthful supporters wo n’t crowd around the television at a specific time , instead they go to YouTube and Gawker to watch their late - night television , and share their own commentary around each clip .
So here ’s my advice to Mr. O’Brien :
After he leaves NBC and spends a few months healing his wounds and pulling the troops back together , he should come back and make the Internet his time slot .
He does n’t need to abandon television — there are still millions of viewers who sit around the living room and tune in at a specific time — but he could take the battle in the direction the audience is clearly migrating : online .
It would not be easy , and there are more questions than answers — the cardinal query of how to finance a show like this comes to mind .
Mr. O’Brien , his writers and support staff are paid high salaries , and the expenses associated with producing a high - quality show needed to attract celebrity guests quickly add up .
But there are certainly advertisers that would jump at the chance to follow Mr. O’Brien ’s show online and reach his target audience , as they have in the past with other big - name celebrities like Seth MacFarlane McFarlane .
There would also be lots of opportunities to try new financing models and break some of the traditional rules of television , something Mr. O’Brien has always done well in the past .
It ’s clear we are approaching a fork in the road , and the road sign for the next generation clearly points to the Web .
For Mr. O’Brien ’s core audience , the time slot is being replaced by a URL .
Giuliani slams Obama , gets fact - checked
Updated 12:53 p.m.
By Ben Pershing
Former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani lashed out at the Obama administration 's anti-terrorism strategy Friday , saying in an interview with ABC News that the White House was making a grave mistake by trying the Christmas Day bombing suspect in civilian rather than military court .
But Giuliani also attracted some criticism of his own from Democrats and media watchdogs , after saying during his " Good Morning America " appearance , " We had no domestic attacks under Bush .
We 've had one under Obama . "
The Sept. 11 , 2001 attacks , which helped catapult Giuliani to national prominence , occurred during the first year of George W. Bush 's presidency .
That same year , five people were killed when anthrax was mailed to a variety of government and private offices .
And that December , Richard Reid was stopped during an attempt to blow up a trans -Atlantic flight with a bomb in his shoe .
The liberal watchdog group Media Matters catalogs other examples .
Giuliani's assertion caught the eye of the blogosphere .
TalkingPoints Memo headlined its post , " Mr. 9/11 Gets Amnesia . "
Huffington
Post writes that Giuliani " has joined fellow Republicans ... in seeming to forget that the September 11th attacks happened under President Bush . "
ABC
News correspondent Jake Tapper tweeted that Giuliani 's comment " is false no matter how you slice it " and " also gets at the truly dishonest revisionism that Bush 's presidency somehow began on 9/12/2001 . "
In addition to suggesting that America was safer under Bush , Giuliani argued that Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab should face a military tribunal rather than a civilian court , as the former option would allow government interrogators to get more information out of him .
Giuliani also criticized the decision to try alleged Sept. 11 mastermind Khalid Sheikh Mohammed in federal court in New York .
" It seems to me that we 're going to try the most dangerous terrorists in the wrong place , " Giuliani said .
Critics have pointed out that the Bush administration frequently tried terrorism suspects in criminal court , and that Giuliani praised the decision to put convicted Sept. 11 accomplice Zacarias Moussaoui on trial in Alexandria in 2002 .
Giuliani said that he hoped Obama 's speech Thursday on the lessons of the Christmas Day bombing attempt meant that he had " turned the corner " on fighting terrorism , but that he would reserve judgment of the president .
" I want to see what he does , " Giuliani said .
John Celock , who " has signed a contract with the Continuum International Publishing Group , Inc. to write a book on young elected officials , which is scheduled to be published in 2010 "
Patch :
Westfield
Official bio :
John comes to Westfield Patch from three years as a freelance journalist covering real estate and politics in New York and New Jersey .
During this time he broke some of the biggest political and real estate stories across New York State .
Earlier in his career he was a reporter for Worrall Community Newspapers in Union County , reporting on the communities of Summit , Clark , Mountainside , Union and Springfield .
A Cranford resident , John received his bachelor ’s degree in Political Science from Niagara University and his master ’s degree from the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism .
Totally unplanned , he managed to become Niagara ’s first triple minor , with minors in Communication Studies , Environmental Studies and Religious Studies .
He has worked in Corporate Communications for a major financial services corporation and as public information officer of the Niagara Falls Charter Revision Commission .
John has signed a contract with the Continuum International Publishing Group , Inc. to write a book on young elected officials , which is scheduled to be published in 2010 .
For the book he has interviewed over 90 current and former young elected officials across the country .
He has won a community reporting award from the New Jersey Press Association and first place for in - depth magazine reporting of state government from CapitolBeat .
He volunteers as a Board Member and Program Committee Chairman of the Columbia University Club of New York and as an alumni admissions recruiter for Niagara University .
John is passionate about Niagara and Columbia sports ( warning come March , he will want Niagara to win the MAAC ) .
He will also willingly answer any question about the Niagara Falls / Buffalo area and enjoys discussing politics , real estate and a variety of other subjects .
He likes to bike , jog , swim , read and hang out with friends .
There are a handful of subjects - among them cricket , the weather and the art of downing pints through a funnel - on which the French deign to allow the English a degree of authority .
Sex , however , is not one of them .
Today , just three weeks after scientists at King 's College London declared that the elusive G - spot may be a myth , a group of gynaecologists gathered in Paris to launch a counter - attack on what they called a " totalitarian " approach to female sexuality .
Denouncing the study carried out last year by British researchers as fundamentally flawed , the French scientists insisted the fabled erogenous zone did exist in many women – around 60 % according to Sylvain Mimoun , the organiser of the conference .
But , they said , it had fallen victim to an Anglo - Saxon tendency to reduce the mysteries of sexuality to absolutes .
This attempt to set clear parameters on something variable and ambiguous , they said , was characteristic of British scientific attitudes to sex .
" The King 's College study ... shows a lack of respect for what women say , " said Pierre Foldès , a leading French surgeon .
" The conclusions were completely erroneous because they were based solely on genetic observations and it is clear that in female sexuality there is a variability ...
It can not be reduced to a ' yes ' or ' no ' , or an ' on ' or an ' off ' . "
The British study – the largest ever carried out on the body part that bears the initial of its discoverer , German gynaecologist Ernst Gräfenberg – involved 1,800 female twins being asked whether or not they thought they had a G - spot .
Researchers concluded earlier this month that there was no proof to suggest it existed .
Odile Buisson , a gynaecologist , said the study was a demonstration of a cultural difference in attitudes to sex , with Gallic acceptance of ambiguity sitting uneasily beside an Anglo - Saxon need to explain everything .
" I do n't want to stigmatise at all but I think the Protestant , liberal , Anglo - Saxon character means you are very pragmatic .
There has to be a cause for everything , a gene for everything , " she said , adding : " I think it 's totalitarian . "
Foldès , who pioneered a globally renowned technique to restore the clitorises to women who have been circumcised , said the questions in the King 's College study started from the false premise that all G - spots are alike .
In fact , he says , the highly sensitive area bears little resemblance to the famed magic button guaranteed to generate immediate pleasure .
Moreover , said Mimoun , it will only be felt by a woman who knows it is there and takes steps to cultivate it .
" In discovering the sensitive parts of her own body , this sensitive zone [ the G - spot ] will become more and more functional , " he said " But if she has never touched it and no one else has ever touched it ... it wo n't exist for her as a consequence . "
Jasper Schuringa probably did n't think twice before dismantling Northwest Airlines Flight 253's would - be bomber .
But before telling his story , he wanted money , and he got it .
From major news outlets who pay up and lie about it .
Here 's the proof :
Yesterday Mediaite and TV Newser reported on Schurnga 's two wares he 's got for sale : the first , a blurry picture of Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab .
The second is himself , for interviews .
CNN got to him first .
They also got an interview .
This is the interview Jasper did .
You can watch the entire thing , but it only gets good around 6:45 , when Schuringa appears to be looking off - camera , trying to end the interview , and in doing so , preserving his product for further sale .
Mediaite 's Steve Krakauer deftly explains how things like this go down :
The practice of paying a " licensing fee " rather than a direct exchange is a way networks who claim to never pay for interviews can get around the issue .
By paying for images and video , they are free to say no money was exchanged hands for the actual interview – which is still viewed as unseemly for news outlets not named the National Enquirer or TMZ .
But paying for something to secure an interview happens quite a bit .
Steve was dead - on .
This is what happened :
All the media organizations found Schuringa 's company website , which had his cell phone number on it .
By the time he finally got to Miami , his final destination , CNN and The New York Post had gotten to him .
Once the Post and CNN got through to Jasper , he handed over all negotiations to his friend who lives in Miami who he came to the U.S. to visit .
His name is Shai Ben - Ami .
He 's an Israeli guy who's in the restaurant business , as a Google search would turn up .
He owns some kind of Pick Up Stix imitator .
Though their Orange Chicken sounds good about now .
Schurnga sold the " TV Rights " of the first of his two photos to CNN for $ 10 K .
The " print rights " went to the Post for $ 5 K .
Later , Schuringa was paid upwards of $ 3 K by ABC News for a second photo , which Schuringa tried to sell to other local news outlets for $ 5 K , unsuccessfully .
Jasper Schuringa made at least $ 18,000 from two shitty , blurry photos .
Why ?
Because the only way to get interviews with this guy was to pay him , so CNN and The New York Post ponied up .
Fox News used the Post 's interview , because they 're part of Murdoch - stan .
NBC apparently did n't pay , because they do n't have their own interview .
Neither does the New York Daily News or the New York Times .
But the New York Daily News did take CNN 's photo ( albeit watermarked ) and interview quotes for their story in this morning 's paper for the low price of free - ninety - nine .
Thrifty !
One reporter reached Shai just before Jasper went on CNN , and was told that after they were done with CNN and worked out a contract with ABC , they'd talk to the reporter about the print rights to the second photo , and Jasper would talk to reporters if — and only if — the reporter decided to buy it .
" He was quite upfront about it , " we 're told .
" He made it clear that Jasper was only talking to news organizations that paid . "
And he made it clear over emails .
Which look like this .
Emphasis mine :
The post and times still talking about photo 2 what can you offer forit !?
I feel bad dropping with you after you have been cool with us ...
Sent from my BlackBerry ® on the MetroPCS Network
You might have to run it only for monday cuz abc wants to use it aswell for tv news and they stressed if we could hold off till monday with paper ?
Would that work ...
Sent from my BlackBerry ® on the MetroPCS Network Others numbers are extremly higher
Sent from my BlackBerry ® on the MetroPCS Network
They have exclusive rights for photo 1 , that is a final , for photo 2
they are offering 3 k , we are going with them soon if I do n't hear back
from you on equal contract ...
Thanks for all ...
Sent from my BlackBerry ® on the MetroPCS Network
Welcome to the wonderful world of Checkbook Journalism .
Have you seen the photo ?
It looks like this .
It 's nothing .
Neither is the other photo , which is just more of the same .
Again , these major news networks are n't really paying for the photo , they 're paying for the thing that comes with the photo : an interview .
Here 's the " funny " thing : CNN admitted to Mediaite and TV Newser that they paid for the photo , but would n't comment on the interview .
When pressed , will they cop to it ?
CNN tells Mediaite they paid a " licensing fee " for the exclusive cell phone image , which they have been using throughout the day ... CNN clarifies the network did not pay for the actual interview during CNN Newsroom .
Of course not .
Because they 're a news organization , not tabloid scum .
So :
Technically , did they pay for the interview ?
Probably not .
Categorically , did they pay for the interview ?
Absolutely .
When CNN wanted to talk about Balloon Boy a few weeks back ?
They wanted the goods — the exclusive — but they did n't want to pay , be seen as paying , or refer to the story as anything but allegedly true .
So they got the next best thing : my boss , talking about the story !
Looks like they learned their lesson .
Checkbook journalism is back , and here to stay .
Media critics who lambast some news organizations for paying for sources are going to have to deal with the cold , hard fact that getting a scoop has gotten a lot more competitive these days .
Not only that , but the mainstream outlets who hold themselves in higher regards than those ( like ours ) who openly admit to ponying up for a story are doing the same thing themselves , the sole difference being :
We do n't feel the need to lie about it .
Why do they ?
Chris Richards for The New York Times
Last week , the government doled out more than $ 80 million in stimulus money for biofuels research , much of which will be focused on algae research .
But a recent study , published in the journal Environmental Science and Technology , suggests that algae production is energy intensive and can end up emitting more greenhouse gases than it sequesters .
Other biofuel crops like corn , canola and switchgress result in a net carbon dioxide uptake , the study found .
The main reason for this is that fertilizers have to be directly delivered to the pool of water that algae is growing in , said Andres Clarens , an assistant professor of civil engineering at the University of Virginia Civil and a lead author on the paper .
And fertilizers are very energy intensive to produce .
Corn and switchgrass can draw nitrogen from soil , which reduces the overall amount of fertilizer required , he said .
In addition , crop rotation can help replenish soil nutrients .
“ Nutrients are going to be the limiting factor , ” Dr. Clarens said .
“ We ’re humans .
We need to eat dinner , and you ca n’t expect to have algae that provides a bunch of energy without feeding it nutrients . ”
Dr. Clarens added that one notable benefit of algae is that it grows atop water and does not compete with food crops for land space .
Algae also has a higher energy yield per unit area than other biofuels sources , including corn and switch grass .
Advocates of algae biofuel said it was too early to make predictions about algae fuel , because research is in developmental stages .
“ The algae biofuel sector is still in its infancy , ” said Gerry Jardine , a director at Valcent , a Vancouver , Canada based company developing algae biofuel ,
“ It is too early to make predictions on related energy costs pertaining to the production , ” he added .
The paper suggests that one way to reduce the environmental impact of algae is to draw municipal wastewater into algae plantations , as a source of nitrogen and phosphorus .
This could reduce the amount of fertilizer required , said Dr. Jardine .
Numerous companies , large and small , are investing resources in algae biofuel research , including Exxon Mobil , which last summer devoted $ 600 million to the endeavor .
' The United States is not going to pass a cap and trade , ' Sen. Jim Inhofe told reporters in Copenhagen .
' It 's just not going to happen . '
Inhofe gets cool reception in Denmark
COPENHAGEN — Sen . Jim Inhofe flew across the Atlantic and — on little sleep — braved the snow , the cold and the dark to deliver his skeptical message at the international climate conference .
What he found when he got here : a few aides and a single reporter .
Advertisement
“ I think he ’s going to be a little disappointed , ” one of his aides remarked .
Inhofe was at least impatient .
The ranking Republican on the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee hoped to spread two messages in Copenhagen : Global warming is a hoax , and there ’s no way the Senate is going to pass a cap - and - trade bill .
But it was early morning when he arrived at the Bella Center , and the halls were still half - deserted .
He walked quickly , brushing off an aide who suggested that he slow down and take a breath .
“ I do n’t want to breathe — I want to get something done , ” he said .
The senator did n’t have any meetings scheduled in Copenhagen , and he did not see chief U.S. negotiator Todd Stern or the members of the House delegation , who were not scheduled to fly in until later in the afternoon .
But Inhofe ’s aides eventually rustled up a group of reporters , and the Oklahoman — wearing black snakeskin cowboy boots — held forth from the top of a flight of stairs in the conference media center .
“ We in the United States owe it to the 191 countries to be well - informed and know what the intentions of the United States are .
The United States is not going to pass a cap and trade , ” he said .
“ It ’s just not going to happen . ”
A reporter asked : “ If there ’s a hoax , then who ’s putting on this hoax , and what ’s the motive ? ”
“ It started in the United Nations , ” Inhofe said , “ and the ones in the United States who really grab ahold of this is the Hollywood elite . ”
One reporter asked Inhofe if he was referring to California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger .
Another reporter — this one from Der Spiegel — told the senator : “ You ’re ridiculous . ”
Inhofe ignored the jab , fielded a few more questions , then raced to the airport for the nine - hour flight back to Washington .
After Inhofe left , some reporters were still a bit confused about what had happened and who he was .
“ His name is Inhofe , ” a German journalist told a Japanese reporter , “ but I do n’t know if it ’s one or two f’s . ”
Haugen / Zohar Architects have designed an outdoor fireplace in Trondheim , Norway .
Full description after the photos … .
Photography by Grethe Fredriksen & Jason Havneraas
Outdoor Fireplace by Haugen / Zohar Architects
Together with the standard playground facilities we wished to combine an enclosed space for fire , storytelling and playing .
Given a very limited budget , reusing leftover materials ( from a nearby construction site ) was a starting point that led the design to be based on short wooden pieces .
Inspired by the Norwegian turf huts and old log construction , a 5,2×4,5 meters wooden construction was built and mounted on a lighted and brushed concrete base .
The structure is made of 80 - layered circles .
The circles have varied radiuses and relative centre point in relation to each other .
Every circle is made out of 28 pieces of naturally impregnated core of pine that are placed with varied spaces to assure chimney effect and natural light .
Oak separators differentiate vertically between the pine pieces to assure airflow allowing easy drying of the pine pieces .
A double curved sliding door was designed for locking the structure .
Visit the website of Haugen / Zohar Architects – here .
.
.
If the reports are true — and it increasingly looks like it — that NBC is planning to send back Jay Leno to 11:30 , it raises a lot of questions : Will Conan stay ?
What does NBC program in primetime ?
What about Carson Daly ?
For this post , I ’ll stick to one :
Why now ?
What ’s most surprising about the move — again if reports hold true — is that NBC apparently plans to make the change after the Olympics , in less than two months .
( Though nothing is official , and it is still possible this does n’t happen , on this timetable anyway . )
Say what you want about the Leno move , at least the network gave itself nine months to get ready .
Changing five solid hours of primetime plus its latenight lineup would be tough enough for a strong network , with high - performing shows to use as lead - ins .
You may have noticed that NBC is not a strong network .
Yet it is evidently about to throw a volleyball onto the chess table of its schedule anyway .
Why so fast ?
Some possible reasons :
To avoid paying anyone off .
Actually , this is more about why this move than about the timing .
But NBC has contractual commitments to both Leno and Conan that most likely compel massive payoffs if either is sacked early .
Its solution may please no one — Conan fans , or Jay fans who would like him to have Tonight back — but it may well be saving NBC tens of millions .
( And maybe keeping either host from jumping ship . )
So the network may have decided to …
Rip the Band - Aid Off .
As everyone noted before the Leno show launched , filling in the five - night crater of a failed show would be ugly regardless .
And with almost no other successful shows to build new hits off of , NBC ’s 10 p.m. may do no better , or worse , in the short term .
Maybe better just to hit rock - bottom now , so that whatever the network unveils for fall has nowhere to go but up .
( It ca n’t get worse .
Or can it ? )
And it may have been thus prodded by …
Comcast .
NBC scheduled Leno as a cost - saving measure , on the theory that a cheap show five nights a week would leave NBC in the black even if its ratings were no better than Jay ’s on the Tonight Show .
To be fair , those are the ratings Jay got on average , and though I have n’t seen the books , the show may very well run at a profit .
Technically .
But NBC ’s new - owner - to - be Comcast may well have wanted a network trying to grow , not manage its decline .
It probably saw the ripple effects on late - night , affiliate newscasts and the rest of prime time .
And it may now also be concerned about …
Retransmission .
Remember how NBC Universal head Jeff Zucker kept saying broadcast networks had to change , because they did n’t have cable ’s business model of getting paid by cable carriers ?
Well , at New Year ’s , Fox ’s Rupert Murdoch tried another way : by strongarming Time Warner Cable into paying “ retransmission ” fees to carry its free Fox network .
If the broadcast networks have a shot at getting paid cable - style , they have more incentive to build value .
Not to mention …
Online and other TV technology .
Comcast , a cable company worried about services like Hulu cutting into its business , is interested in programming that it can sell for cash money online .
A hit drama — if NBC can make them — may have more potential there than Leno .
NBC sold Leno to advertisers as “ TiVo - proof , ” and that may have been too true : few people watched him on DVR .
And a show with that short a shelf life may not be very monetizable online .
And then you had the whole problem with …
Affiliates .
As I said , to be fair to NBC , Leno actually did seem to fall within expectations ratings - wise , if on the low end .
( Now NBC ’s hopes for Leno — that ’s another story . )
He beat other networks ’ reruns in December though he was usually third against original programming — like NBC had said .
But while NBC said it would try to structure Leno ’s show to give local news at 11 a strong lead - in , I think the network must have suspected affiliates would hurt ; it just seemed to think it could , basically , get away with telling them to screw off .
Nope .
Local stations were grumbling publicly , and we might have seen the disaster scenario of groups of them banding together to move their news to 10 .
( Or , as commenter Tom Shaw notes in an earlier post , to kibosh the Comcast sale . )
The irony is that , short - term at least , affiliates could do even worse with what NBC puts up at 10 p.m. — a fading Law & Order , Dateline , rushed - to - air new series with poor lead - ins .
NBC ’s move could halt the bleeding , or open another artery .
The further irony is that the problems NBC created The Jay Leno Show to address still exist .
The business climate is no better for broadcast networks .
The numbers add up no better .
There may , in fact , not be room for three broadcast networks airing three hours of expensive original programming anymore .
But NBC , like many media comanies , is caught between the old business model , which is n’t working , and the next one , which is unknown .
Now NBC gets to try the next next thing , once it figures out that is .
And will get to find out if that thing works rather quickly .
Major League Gaming team Triggers
Down came close to advancing towards another tournament win this weekend in Orlando , only to have an equipment failure rob them of the Halo 3 CTF win .
Advertisement
As you can see in the video replay , Triggers Down were mere inches away from a win over rival team Classic .
All four members of Classic were down , Heinz had the enemy flag , and just a few short steps from the cap the flag dropped , and could n't be picked up again .
It turns out the host 's Xbox 360 froze up , dropping connection for everyone else at a very inconvenient time .
Under Major League Gaming 's tournament rules , any equipment malfunction during a game is grounds for a replay of the round , with few exceptions that did n't apply to the situation .
The replay resulted in Classic trouncing TD 5 - 2 .
Advertisement
What a horrible moment that must have been , and with victory that close , one would have thought an exception could be made . , Unfortunately , rules are rules , and Triggers Down could n't keep it together for the do - over .
Upsets Abound in Orlando - Classic and BTH to Meet in WB Finals [ MLG - Thanks The - Real - Napsta ! ]
Sometimes , to ensure things go
your way , you need to summon your
fiercer side .
But being a bitch - on - wheels
is actually counterproductive —
it turns people off and makes
them want to slam the door in your
face .
Susan Newman , PhD , author
of The Book of No , suggests that " if
you walk the line between being
pushy and being a pushover , you 'll up
your chances of success . "
Here , some
guidelines to follow .
Find the Right Tone :
When dealing with a frustrating
situation , the right attitude makes
all the difference in the world .
Not Bitchy Enough
Say you have a friend who
never coughs up enough cash during
group dinners and you 've had
it .
Being passive - aggressive gets
across the fact that you 're irritated ,
but it wo n't really change anything .
So skip saying " Wow , someone
did n't put in enough money .... "
If
you do n't address the guilty party
directly , you give her the opportunity
to pretend she does n't realize
you were directing it toward her .
Too Bitchy
Causing a big scene will get
you nowhere .
" When you raise your
voice , you put the other person on
the defensive and they 'll dig in their
heels , " says Newman .
Just Bitchy Enough
Use a firm , clear , but not
hostile voice , and say something like
" I think you miscalculated what you
owe , and I really can't afford to cover anyone else 's dinner . "
You 'll feel better
because you are calling her out but
being decent enough to chalk it up to
a mistake .
Here 's what to do if you feel
yourself starting to go over the edge
and getting angry : " Stop talking and
take a deep breath , " says Judith S .
McClure , PhD , author of Civilized
Assertiveness for Women .
Rebooting
will help you keep your cool .
Persuade , but Not Too Powerfully :
It takes real talent — and the perfect
level of coercion — to get someone to
see your side of things .
Not Bitchy Enough
Perhaps you think your guy
is n't making enough time for you .
Simply
stating that his actions are unfair
is n't going to get you far because you
are n't spelling out what you are n't
satisfied with and how he can fix it .
Too Bitchy
Saying " maybe we need some
space from each other " is the wrong
move because he could call your bluff .
" By making silly or idle threats , you
diminish your credibility because the
other person knows you wo n't follow
through , " says Newman .
And you
challenge him to a power struggle .
Just Bitchy Enough
Focus your criticism on the
issue and how you 're feeling , not on
what he 's doing wrong .
For example ,
say " I know your boss is n't the most
understanding person , but I feel
cheated out of quality time with you . "
This way , you are n't pinning it all on
him .
Then take the conversation one
step further by offering " I miss you ,
so let 's get a long weekend away
together on the books ASAP . "
You 've stroked his ego , so he 'll be
more receptive to hearing you out …
and to taking action .
" Since a good
boyfriend wo n't want you to be hurt
or upset , he 'll start thinking about
what he can do to solve the dilemma , "
says Newman .
Know When to Fold …and When Not To :
There comes a point in any negotiation
where you are bound to reach
an impasse .
The following are the
make - it ( and break - it ) moves .
Not Bitchy Enough
When going head - to - head
with a snotty salesgirl who tells you
she wo n't return your purchase , you
may be tempted to stomp off at the
first sign that she 's unwilling to bend .
But while a dramatic exit lets her
know you 're peeved , you 're stuck
with the unwanted merchandise .
Too Bitchy
When it becomes painfully
obvious that what you are pressuring
for just is n't going to happen at that
moment , it 's pointless to simply up
the pressure ( for example , asking a
store clerk for her manager , then the
manager for her supervisor , then the
supervisor for her boss ) .
Being persistent
is great , but refusing to accept
reality just makes you look pathetic .
Just Bitchy Enough
If your opposition senses
that you 're not going to budge until
the situation is resolved , they 'll
realize that they 're going to have to
compromise with you , says Michael
Lee , author of the online book How
to Be an Expert Persuader in 20
Days or Less
Try a line like " I'm
committed to finding a fair resolution
to this issue , so please meet me
halfway , " says Newman .
Then suggest
a reasonable scenario you could
live with .
By doing that , you spell out
in concrete terms what will satisfy
you , which helps move the ball down
the field ... in your favor .
Bethany Heitman Bethany Heitman has spent 15 years producing content for women ; she is the former editor - in - chief of PeopleStyle and has held senior leadership positions at Cosmopolitan and Seventeen .
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
Most of the students split up in groups with their friends and buy either a bus or a van so they can drive around every night to all the parties and russ gatherings in Norway .
But the buses and vans are not ordinary , they get painted in different colors and have different themes .
It ’s the buses that draws the most attention because they have unique designs and layouts , not to mention the interior with bar chairs , sofas , LCD flat screens and awesome lightning , it ’s like entering a night club .
So back at the start of October ( the 13th to be exact ) , I gave a presentation about Suura to the Big Ideas ’09 conference ( as those of you on Linked In might have spotted ) .
It was definitely something new – I ’ve been in a client - facing role before , but standing up in front of 150 VCs is a different kettle of fish , and the nine or ten one - on - one interviews with various people that followed were equally intense ( albiet in a different mode ) .
It ’s definitely odd to see yourself in the promotional brochures for an event …
… but if that was intimidating , the presentation is even worse .
Imagine this view , but fill every seat with someone who might be looking to invest in your startup …
The large screen at the bottom was meant to show you your slides ( which were also displayed behind you ) so you did n’t have to turn round and ignore the audience in order to remember what was on them .
What you ca n’t see in that photo ( and what a few presenters who stepped two steps forward past the podium could n’t see either ) was the traffic light system on the podium letting you know when your ten minutes of fame was over ; and when your presentation refused point - blank to fall below twelve minutes despite rehearsing until 0200 the night before , that ’s a worry .
Enterprise Ireland did actually put together a communications training day for the presenters , bringing in Yanky Fachler of High Octane Communications to act as a tutor for the day .
I found that it was aimed a bit more at the fundamentals than I needed myself ( I ’d done a fair amount of lecturing and client - facing work and presentations before I joined Suura ) but it seemed very useful for a lot of the other presenters and there are quite a lot of free resources online for presenting to VCs ( the one from TED is a bit boring to listen to but has some excellent points in it ) .
I would have preferred to have had more notice that I was going to give the presentation so I could have gone to the training day with some better - prepared work , but that was n’t EI ’s fault , it was down to miscommunication on our end .
Such is life .
The presentation itself went off in about nine minutes .
Nerves have a wonderful way of speeding you up 🙂
There was one technical hitch when a graph , which was rather a pivot point in the presentation , did n’t display on the screen .
But it was not as bad as the technical hitch which almost happened – ten minutes before I was due to talk , one of the organisers found me to let me know they did n’t have the slides for my presentation ( it later turned out that they ’d fallen into the spam filter when I ’d sent them by email the night before .
I had sent them much earlier , by the way , but there were format issues that it took a while to resolve ) .
Now if that wo n’t concentrate the mind , nothing will 😀
The thing about presentations like this is that you basicly have to do them to learn how to do them .
I ’ve stood up in front of two hundred second - year engineering students and given short lectures , I ’ve led day - long courses for twenty to thirty students , I ’ve done tutorial work for groups of about fifty or so , and I ’ve done a lot of client meetings where there ’s a chunk of change on the line ; but these presentations are basicly all of those rolled into one , and you ’ve got to be mercenary .
The one mindset change that Yanky did get across very well was that this is n’t like a lecture ( where you ’re trying to tell the audience something they do n’t know ) , or a client meeting ( where you ’re trying to convince the audience that you can solve their problem ) , it ’s a mix of both – you ’re trying to tell the audience that you ’ve got a problem that they can solve , either by funding you or , as in our case , by helping us with the business side of things .
And they want to do this ( or they would n’t be there ) , so you have to help them decide who they ’re going to help …
That stage is a rather lonely place 🙂
The temptation , of course , is to do what lots of lecturers tend to do , and cope with the loneliness of the stage by putting up over - complex slides , which they then talk to ( instead of talking to the audience ) in order to avoid needing the enormous ego it feels like you ’d have to have to demand the attention of that many people .
This is where Yanky ’s mindset change was especially useful , because it makes the point that you are not being egotistical by taking their attention – you ’re just doing the job .
What you want to do is to have minimalist slides – literally only a few words .
The 10/20/30 rule is a good one here — no more than 10 minutes ; no more than 20 slides ; and no font on the slides that ’s less than 30 point in size .
This helps to make you the focus of the audience .
This is quite important because in a talk like this , they ’re only partly interested in the product or company you ’re talking about – they ’re also very interested in evaluating you because at the end of the day , you ’re a large factor in whether or not the company will succeed , and if they ’re going to choose to help you , they ’ll want to know if you can cut it .
You wo n’t convince them in a ten - minute talk , but you can at least give them a glimpse , especially when you ’re competing with nineteen other presenters – they ca n’t talk to everyone , they ’re looking for someone who ’ll talk to them instead .
I did n’t have the best presentation technically – there are limits to what you can do in Powerpoint , and I prefer Impress , though I hear great things about Keynote – but I ’m reasonably happy with it :
Suura Presentation Slides
There was also a Q&A session after each group of presentations ( hence the panel table to the right of the main stage ) .
The idea was that the 20 presentations were broken up into four sections of five presentations each , and after each section , there ’d be a Q&A session ( as opposed to having Q&A after every presentation ) .
This worked quite well , and I had one or two interesting questions during the session .
The whole affair ( presentation and Q&A session ) was videotaped and is being edited at the moment and is due to go up on youtube some time in the new year .
After the presentation and the Q&A session came a long series of one - one - one interviews , ranging from a half - hour to nearly an hour with various attendees , including a few candidate CEOs for Suura ( one of whom , Arthur Cagney , has since come on board to help us get to market ) .
The problem with all of this was that I was a bit ill a few days beforehand – I had been out the whole weekend with some sort of ‘ flu bug ( no oinking though ! ) and while I was getting back on my feet by the Tuesday of the exhibition , I was n’t quite 100 % – and the full day ’s presenting and talking tore up my voice quite a bit , so that I was hoarse by lunchtime and out - and - out unable to talk by day ’s end ( I was literally gargling with coffee during much of the day ) .
And right at the end of the day , there was an on - camera interview to do as well ( I was the last presenter interviewed , even though I was one of the first presenters up that morning ) .
So as a result , as you can see below , I looked like I ’d been punched in both eyes , sounded like I ’d been punched in the throat , was pale enough to mess up the white balance of the camera , and barely managed to remain upright for the entire interview 😀
After this point , I went home and could n’t speak for nearly three days .
But , it was worth it .
We had a fair amount of interest shown , made a number of useful contacts , and Suura has made a lot of progress as a result since .
We even got a mention on the Six - One news that night ( though my segment did n’t make the air .
Well , I do have a face for radio 😀
Did n’t get mentioned when The Business did an article on it on Radio One though , but then my voice was n’t up to radio that day either ! )
Overall it was a very good day , and the Enterprise Ireland team did a good job organising it .
Plus , I got to wander around Croke Park for the day and what Kerryman does n’t like to do that ? 😀
The result is that the ideal CIA recruit is a Mormon – clean - living , all - American and perhaps with a language from a year proselytising abroad .
Some of the most impressive and courageous citizens the US can produce are in the CIA – and those killed at Khost were of this highest calibre .
But these days they are the exceptions .
Hal Saflieni Hypogeum , Malta .
A 6,000 year old underground necropolis with notable acoustic properties replicates sophisticated architectural features .
We may be hitting on one of those ‘ lost secrets ’
Six - thousand - year - old ancient temples are giving up acoustic clues for modern scientists .
Intriguing new research on ancient temples in Malta and highlighted by the Old Temples Study Foundation is resonating through international archaeology and interdisciplinary classics research .
Reaching beyond the scope of traditional archaeology , a multi- disciplinary approach has opened a new dimension for the study of the ancient world .
“ We may be hitting on one of those ‘ lost secrets ’ , ” says Linda Eneix , President of The OTS Foundation , dedicated to archaeology research and education related to the ancient temples of Mediterranean Malta .
Located south of Sicily , the islands of Malta and Gozo are home to megalithic structures that were created by a highly developed people more than a thousand years ahead of Stonehenge and the pyramids .
The monuments , including ancient temples , represent free - standing architecture in its purest and most original form .
Design features including corbelled ceilings , are mirrored in subterranean mortuary shrines that have been carved out of solid limestone .
( In architecture , corbelling is a system of a row of stones oversailing the one below it , reducing the area of the ceiling with each row upward and distributing its weight . )
Malta ’s Hal Saflieni Hypogeum provides the most extraordinary example .
A multi-leveled complex of caves and ritual chambers , it is a gem of archaeology that lay undisturbed until workers broke into it accidentally in 1902 .
Science Officer at the Hypogeum , Joseph Farrugia describes unusual sound effects in the UNESCO World Heritage Site : “ There is a small niche in what we call ‘ The Oracle Chamber ’ , and if someone with a deep voice speaks inside , the voice echoes all over the hypogeum .
The resonance in the ancient temple is something exceptional .
You can hear the voice rumbling all over . ”
As anyone who sings in the shower knows , sound echoing back and amplifying itself from hard walls can do unusual things .
That effect is magnified several times over in the stone chambers .
“ Standing in the Hypogeum is like being inside a giant bell , ” says Eneix .
“ You feel the sound in your bones as much as you hear it with your ears .
It ’s really thrilling ! ”
After catching a film about the “ Sounds of the Stone Age ” on a flight from London , Eneix jumped on the chance to explore further and sought out the principals .
A consortium called The PEAR Proposition : Princeton Engineering Anomalies Research are pioneers in the field of archaeo - acoustics , merging archaeology and sound science .
Directed by Physicist Dr. Robert Jahn , the PEAR group set out in 1994 to test acoustic behavior in megalithic sites such as Newgrange and Wayland ‘s Smithy in the UK .
They found that the ancient chambers all sustained a strong resonance at a sound frequency between 95 and 120 hertz : well within the range of a low male voice .
In subsequent OTSF testing , stone rooms in ancient temples in Malta were found to match the same pattern of resonance , registering at the frequency of 110 or 111 hz .
This turns out to be a significant level for the human brain .
Whether it was deliberate or not , the people who spent time in such an environment were exposing themselves to vibrations that impacted their minds .
Sound scientist , Prof. Daniel Talma of the University of Malta explains : “ At certain frequencies you have standing waves that emphasize each and other waves that de-emphasize each other .
The idea that it was used thousands of years ago to create a certain trance -- that ’s what fascinates me . ”
Dr. Ian A. Cook of UCLA and colleagues published findings in 2008 of an experiment in which regional brain activity in a number of healthy volunteers was monitored by EEG through different resonance frequencies .
Findings indicated that at 110 hz the patterns of activity over the prefrontal cortex abruptly shifted , resulting in a relative deactivation of the language center and a temporary switching from left to right - sided dominance related to emotional processing .
People regularly exposed to resonant sound in the frequency of 110 or 111 hz would have been “ turning on ” an area of the brain that bio- behavioral scientists believe relates to mood , empathy and social behavior .
Although archaeologists had not found an explanation for such sophisticated engineering suddenly blossoming nearly six thousand years ago , Prof.
Richard England , a Fellow of the American Institute of Architects , sees an evolution : “. . . a gradual growth , from the cave to the tomb .
The idea of continuity comes from an underground architecture .
Gradually from these ovular rock - hewn spaces , man moved above ground , and above ground he fashioned an architecture of the living which followed the form of an architecture for the dead . ”
“ Once you know what you are looking for , you can see these same ceiling curves in natural caves in Malta . ” Eneix observes .
“ It ’s logical that the ancient temple builders observed the echoes and sound characteristics in the caves and came up with the idea of recreating the same environment in a more controlled way .
Were they doing it intentionally to facilitate an altered state of consciousness ?
There is a lot that we are never going to know . ”
Acoustics may well have been part of a widespread religious tradition .
Old photos in an early edition of National Geographic Magazine show the discovery in securely dated levels of the Malta temples , of conical shaped stones bearing a distinct resemblance to the Omphalos or “ belly - button ” oracle stone at Delphi , used much later in time by ancient Greek priestesses who listened to the voice of the earth for guidance .
The Omphalos became an Umbilicus when the Romans took over the concept and spread it over their empire .
The timeline places the ancient Temple Builders at the head of a long chain of “ coincidence . ”
Research about Malta ’s Temple Culture has been documented on a DVD available from the foundation at http://www.otsf.org/Legacy.htm.
This captivating documentary details how inquiry into ancient temples in Malta mirrors the evolution of a discovery , branching beyond archaeology to become a multi-disciplinary fascination .
Contact : Linda Eneix
Phone : 941 776 8382
###
Let him who is without sin ...
... make the first complaint about legislative horse - trading .
Blatant trade - offs have always accompanied tough legislation from both parties , and in the states , but it's also a very soft target for the opposition , as Arnold Schwarzenegger showed today , when he called the health care bill a " trough of bribes , deal , and loopholes , " and demanded , at least , that California get in on Nebraska 's deal .
His broadside prompted a Democrat to point out that Arnold is not , in fact , all that pure on this subject .
Indeed , last February 's California budget seems to have been fairly full of them , after Democrats " sprinkled the budget with concessions to recalcitrant legislators , " per the L.A. Times .
The most entertaining of them : *
Schwarzenegger and legislative leaders lobbied the Republican heavily , even drafting a special measure to address one of [ Sen. Abel ]
Maldonado 's peeves : a $ 1 - million contract for new furniture in the state controller 's office .
Schwarzenegger 's major water legislation last November was also passed , the paper reported , with " a time - honored tactic :
The spreading of pork . "
* UPDATE : A reader notes that the concession to Maldonado was a kind of reverse pork :
He wanted the money stripped , not expended .
I think Marcy Wheeler makes the single most compelling argument here about the precedent of a private health insurance mandate :
And for those who promise we ’ll go back and fix this later , once we achieve universal health care , understand what will have happened in the meantime .
The idea , of course , is to establish some means to get people single payer coverage ( before Lieberman , this would have been through a public option or Medicare buy - in ) and , over time , expand it .
In fact , this bill will move toward single payer , too– though not the kind we want .
For the large number of people who live in a place where there is limited competition , this bill will require them to get health care through the oligopoly or monopoly provider .
It ’ll work great for the provider : they will be able to dictate rates .
But the Senate bill allows these blossoming single payer providers to keep up to 25 % of the benefit in profits and marketing costs , and pass little of that benefit onto citizens .
If we make private corporations our single payer , how are we going to convince them to cede control when we ask them to let the government be the single payer ?
The reason this matters , though , is the power it gives the health care corporations .
We ca n’t ditch Halliburton or Blackwater because they have become the sole primary contractor providing precisely the services they do .
And so , like it or not , we ’re dependent on them .
And if we were to try to exercise oversight over them , we ’d ultimately face the reality that we have no leverage over them , so we ’d have to accept whatever they chose to provide .
This bill gives the health care industry the leverage we ’ve already given Halliburton and Blackwater .
It ’s the 9.8 % tithe that bothers me the most .
But for those who think we can fix it , consider this , too .
If the Senate bill passes , in its current form , it will mean that the health care industry was able to dictate–through their Senators Joe Lieberman and Ben Nelson–what they wanted the US Congress to do .
They will have succeeded in dictating the precise terms of legislation .
Now , that ’s not the first time that has happened .
It certainly happened on telecom immunity .
It certainly has happened , repeatedly , on Defense contracting ( see also Randy Cunningham ) .
But none of these egregious instances of corporations dictating legislation included a tithe–the requirement that citizens pay corporations to provide their service , rather than allowing the government to contract the service .
This is a fundamentally different relationship we ’re talking about–one that gives corporations vast new powers .
And the fact that –with one temper tantrum from Joe Lieberman – the corporations were able to dictate the terms of this new relationship deeply troubles me .
When this passes , it will become clear that Congress is no longer the sovereign of this nation .
Rather , the corporations dictating the laws will be .
I understand the temptation to offer 30 million people health care .
What I do n’t understand is the nonchalance with which we ’re about to fundamentally shift the relationships of governance in doing so .
We ’ve seen our Constitution and means of government under attack in the last 8 years .
This does so in a different–but every bit as significant way .
We do n’t mandate tithing corporations in this country –at least not yet .
And it troubles me that so many Democrats are rushing to do so , without considering the logical consequences .
Many themes of global importance overlap when discussing events in Central America .
An apparently simple discussion of local developments in the Nicaraguan economy ends up covering global issues .
One has to look at the role of the dollar , the price of oil , the garbage - in - garbage - out twin moral failure of the US and European corporate media and financial systems , or the symmetry between increasing imperialist militarism and domestic economic decline .
Comment on global issues generally fails to take adequately into account current local realities .
Similarly , a great deal of regional analysis understates the impact of broader global trends .
Coverage - and the lack of it - of the latest ALBA country summit involving countries ( 1 ) with a combined population of over 75 million - reflects this very well .
Before pursuing that point , it is worth noting a poignant contrast .
Much has been made of the abolition , by President Clinton in 1999 , of the Glass - Steagall Act which separated investment banking from commercial banking after the 1929 Wall Street crash .
But few have stepped back to note the even more profound policy implications of the 2000 expiry of the Humphrey - Hawkins Act.
Economics writer Henry C.K.Liu has noted that the Humphrey - Hawkins legislation in theory behoved the US government and Federal Reserve to sustain full employment .
( 2)
Among other things it explicitly states that the federal government will rely primarily on private enterprise to achieve the four goals of full employment , growth , price stability , and balance of trade and budget .
Liu 's persuasive gloss on that is , " Implicitly , private enterprise must be regulated so that corporate profit is structurally aligned with the achievement of the four policy goals .
The private sector cannot be allowed to prosper with counterproductive activities that negate the four policy goals and treat social costs as externalities to business .
In welfare economics , an externality is a socio- economic cost created by one actor , the payment for which is imposed on others . "
The expiry of the Humphrey - Hawkins Act was , in effect , the last goodbye to a United States governed in any sense for the benefit of the majority .
It was President Clinton and the Democrat wing of the US oligarchy who finally and categorically handed over the United States economy to the country 's corporate plutocracy .
A similar betrayal has been under way for a long time in the European Union .
That is why , now , the US government and its European allies have acted so vigorously to save major banks from bankruptcy while abandoning tens of millions of people to unemployment and indigence .
Contrast that fact with the fundamental policy statement of one of the ALBA country finance Ministers , Alberto Guevara of Nicaragua .
Guevara explains that the economic vision of the FSLN government in Nicaragua is " not to act in political economy as if we were crunching numbers , but rather to turn political economy into a social policy with economic implications , in such a way that when we take decisions of political economy we do so .... on the basis of the millions of Nicaraguans behind the statistics , waiting at long last for the dream of the revolution to crystallize , for the dream of every woman and man in this country to crystallize , focused on making progress , on forging a better destiny for their children , for their people , for their barrio , their community , their municipality , for the whole country .
So then , we are working on a revolutionary project that has the human person at the centre of the system , at the centre of the model . "
In Latin America , the ALBA countries are building an unprecedented economic system with the human person at its centre , based on solidarity , cooperation , redistribution and complementarity .
By contrast , the United States government and legislature have abandoned all but the most vestigial remains of any humanist , humanitarian vision of political economy .
It is worth exploring this contrast more deeply , because it also explains why US imperialist military aggression is likely to plunge the region into war .
The financial crisis
Interest rates in the US were kept deliberately below the inflation rate through 2002 and 2003 .
" The real funds rate , which is the nominal rate adjusted for inflation , was negative for three years , from October 2002 to October 2005 " .
(3 ) That signalled a vast extended credit boom .
As the shadow banking system created by deregulation in the United States and Europe grew , it assimilated informal versions of the traditional money creation and control functions of Central Banks .
Those same speculative financial entities â€ “ most obviously , mega - banks and hedge funds - developed ways of exploiting volatility and manipulating marginal differences between global markets , eventually taking on the role of large - scale , informal money creators , perhaps most damagingly in the housing sector .
They created enormous volumes of out - of - control debt in the shape of convoluted notional securitized assets and swap quasi- insurance - bets beyond the reach of Central Banks and other regulators .
Governments and Central Banks blatantly and grotesquely abrogated their regulatory functions in the name of " free markets " , despite the accumulated wisdom of decades indicating that poorly regulated markets are bound to fail .
Asset price inflation and ballooning debt were treated with unbelievable crassness by incestuous economic and political authorities as if they equalled growth .
The overseers of the Western Bloc financial system ignored the very fiscal and monetary rectitude global enforcers like the IMF and the World Bank impose so sanctimoniously on impoverished developing countries .
Now , a structural adjustment is being imposed by their governments on the peoples of Western Bloc financial delinquents like the United States , Britain , Spain and Ireland , to name the obvious cases .
At the same time , trillions of dollars - over US $ 13 trillion in the US alone - have magically appeared with which to bail out Western Bloc financial institutions .
Relatively trifling sums available for social spending , for reducing poverty at home and for development cooperation overseas , are cut .
Conversely , the US military budget increases each year by hundreds of billions of dollars .
Other NATO countries , Canada and the Europeans , continue to fund billion - dollar military interventions in Afghanistan and elsewhere .
Apparently , no other outcome is possible in the weird cynical fantasy world of Western Bloc country governments , still imaginatively and culturally hostage to the hypocrisy and sadism of their colonial past , now being progressively and zealously applied to their own peoples .
The dollar and accountancy rules
Forget the fairy tale of the " free market " .
No such thing has ever existed , nor ever will .
Central banks and governments work intimately with giant corporate finance entities to nudge markets along desired lines - that is why , for example , major US financial entities like Goldman Sachs , J.P. Morgan , Citigroup , Bank of America , Wells Fargo , Morgan Stanley and insurance giant AIG have been underwritten through the financial crisis , one way or another , by the US government .
Note that Goldman Sachs , Citigroup , J.P. Morgan , Morgan Stanley and Bank of America are all Primary Government Securities Dealers - vital Federal Reserve partners in managing global markets .
( 4 ) Right now the dollar is being allowed to slide just as it was from 2007 into 2008 .
Once again commodity prices are rising sharply .
Oil has risen abruptly to over US$ 80 .
Gold is well over US $ 1000 .
This is not just because a weaker dollar helps close the US current account deficit .
That kind of old - economy - thinking expired along with the Humphrey - Hawkins Act .
Volatile dips , swings and lurches in commodity and currency markets allow major rich - country corporate financial entities to make billions of dollars in profits via bets using hapless tax - payers ' bail - out money .
On top of that , the low Federal Reserve funds rate means banksters are able to borrow at almost zero interest .
No serious attempt has been made to reverse the abolition of Glass - Steagall and fence off investment bank speculation on international markets from domestic commercial bank lending .
While the US and British economies stagnate for lack of genuinely productive stimulus , in the US the real - economy - free financial sector rushes to remake itself , in part to head off the effects of stringent postponed accounting rules that come into play from November onwards .
Who cares about accounting rules ?
Well , you would , if it meant you could value your assets on what your paid advisers reckoned them to be rather than what you could currently get for them in the market .
All those corporate " free market " enthusiasts leapt at the chance of abandoning so - called " mark - to - market " rules early in 2009 because it allowed them to apply more generous valuations to much - depreciated assets .
Thus they can borrow more than they would otherwise be able to by re-leveraging their assets using those more generous values .
Then they take that money - effectively free , at less than 1 % - and game it in the stock market , in commodities markets , in currency markets .
They do all kinds of things with their profits except invest them so as to generate employment and productive activity in the real economy .
They pay their already overpaid staff billions of dollars in bonuses , they help the Federal Reserve monetize government debt by buying government bonds paying 3 % or 4 % interest , they work with the Federal Reserve to try out new exit strategies , experimenting in controlling inflation through mechanisms like paying interest to them on balances they hold with the Reserve , or via intricate , strategically managed reverse - repurchase transactions , or via the purchase of Federal Reserve long - term securities .
( 5 ) Or they just hoard the money ready to face the effects of Financial Accounting Standards Board changes to Rule 140 which obliges them to bring unloved off - balance sheet Special Purpose Entities onto their balance sheets from November 15th onwards .
Special Purpose Entities have long been used by corrupt corporate financial entities - Enron is the most notorious example - to keep worthless assets off their balance sheet .
Doing so inflates the value of the corporate entity .
To get an idea of the sums involved , in 2008 Citigroup held over US $ 800bn in Qualifying Special Purpose Entities , JPMorgan Chase over $ 600 billion , Bank of America over $ 80 billion and Wells Fargo almost US $ 40 bn .
Despite the farcical government - supervised " stress tests " , no one really knows for sure the amounts by which such corporate financial entities will have to write down their balance sheets once the rule change takes effect .
It will certainly affect their market valuations , perhaps dramatically , and is another factor explaining why banks are not lending enough into the productive economy .
History teaches only that we learn nothing from history
The end result of all the trillions of dollars created to bail out the rich country financial sector is that neither governments , nor the central banks nor the financial corporations have changed .
The United Kingdom remains in recession .
The shock has at long last led even one of those responsible for the capitalism 's latest debacle , Mervyn King , Governor of the Bank of England , to remark , " It is important that banks in receipt of public support are not encouraged to try to earn their way out of that support by resuming the very activities that got them into trouble in the first place ....
The sheer creative imagination of the financial sector to think up new ways of taking risk will in the end , I believe , force us to confront the ' too important to fail ' question . "
( 6 )
King 's ill - received statement of the obvious comes two whole years after the failure of a couple Bear Stearns controlled hedge funds in July 2007 that finally triggered the onset of a systemic collapse long - foretold .
His remarks are a frank recognition of abysmal failure .
But they are unlikely to have much impact in a system where King 's Deputy Governor , Charles Bean can be reported as feeling optimistic about so called " quantitative easing " - flooding banks with massive liquidity .
The same day King 's remarks were reported , Bloomberg also reported Bean as having said , on October 13th , that " rising asset prices suggest " quantitive easing has had a " ' significant ' impact and signaled optimism the economy had troughed . " ( 7 )
The stunning foolishness of this is not just that two weeks later British government figures announced the country was still in recession .
The frightening point of Bean 's quoted remarks is that the economic authorities of Europe and the United States very clearly still believe rising asset values are equivalent to productive economic growth , even while they glibly dismiss rising unemployment as " a lagging indicator " .
In Europe , as in the US , political and economic authorities imitate Dr. Frankenstein , trying to put back together , as it was , the self - same rotten system that has just fallen so spectacularly apart .
The meaning of the Bolivarian Alliance for the Americas - ALBA
It is in that context that the Seventh ALBA Summit took place in Cochabamba , Bolivia .
( 8 ) Report and comment in both corporate media and in the neo-colonial progressive media consistently ignore or downplay the significance of ALBA .
Or when they acknowledge its importance , they tend to disparage its achievements , relevance and viability .
While ALBA itself is comprised of countries with a population of just over 75 million , the countries in its sister regional agreement , Petrocaribe , have a total population of over 90 million .
If one adds up the total population of countries participating in both Petrocaribe and ALBA , the total is over 114 million .
( 9 )
The fundamental reason for ALBA 's successful development so far is that relatively small countries can only defend their interests if they unite .
That is true in every sense .
It may well be the case that the power and influence of Europe and the United States is in irreversible decline .
But new quasi - imperialist menaces loom , from China and more immediately , from Brazil .
Countries like Venezuela , Bolivia and Ecuador look at the experience of the Mercosur trading bloc ( Brazil , Argentina , Paraguay and Brazil ) and see that its development has been hampered by the domination of Brazilian big business .
They have their own experiences of ruthless Brazilian corporate and government policies .
They can also see that China is vacuuming up natural resources as voraciously as ever the old imperialist powers ever did .
Only united will the ALBA countries be able to defend effectively their natural resources and their peoples .
One important aspect of the Cochabamba summit is that it may finally dampen futile attempts by smaller countries to prioritize working together with Brazil on continental integration .
Very clearly the ALBA countries will prioritize their own institutions in preference to seeking links with a sclerotic Mercosur and a nascent Bank of the South , both dominated by the neo-liberal sympathies of Brazil 's ruling elite .
Former Bolivian hydrocarbons minister , Andres Solis Rada has noted , " Brazil , by becoming an IMF creditor and increasing its voting share in the World Bank has become an associate of the oppressive nations strangling the nations they oppress . "
( 10 )
ALBA 's integration strategy works on two tracks , the extraordinary wide - ranging policy commitments of ALBA itself and the less comprehensive energy and food security focus of Petrocaribe .
The principal benefits of Petrocaribe for its member countries are improved cash - flow though access to oil supplies on preferential terms ( half paid within 90 days and the balance at nominal interest over 20 years ) , increased investment in energy infrastructure - including renewable energy - and food security support .
Member countries of ALBA have access to a very much wider range of economic , social and cultural policy options .
Alberto Guevara believes , " ALBA is the alternative model we are developing in Latin America and the Caribbean so that we integrate the family of peoples in Latin America and the Caribbean on the basis of different associative principles .
I am talking about principles that have nothing to do with current principles in the context of the international financial community , that work unfairly in many cases - donations and so on .
In ALBA conditionalities affecting countries ' sovereignty do not exist .
There are none .
In ALBA the principle of self - determination is paramount .
But we also have in ALBA principles like that of solidarity , real solidarity which is a disinterested solidarity aimed as helping those who have the least , so that they can reach a level of development as a country , as a nation as a people .
In ALBA you find the principle of complementarity .
A principle that exists nowhere else in the world outside ALBA .
It is a principle which in the first place recognizes the different relative development the peoples of our America have lived , in part thanks to those who colonized these peoples , who destroyed and stole our raw materials and murdered our indigenous peoples so as to build up the original capital accumulation that later formed world capitalism .
That principle of complementarity is a new principle .
It is a principle of justice .
It is a principle of brotherhood . " ( 11 )
ALBA 's example in Nicaragua
Guevara 's lyrical account of ALBA is borne out by Nicaragua 's practical experience of ALBA 's benefits which are profuse .
In terms of trade , Nicaragua 's exports to Venezuela increased from around US $ 8 million in 2007 , the year Nicaragua joined ALBA , to over US$ 90 million currently in 2009 .
The increase is almost entirely in agricultural produce like beans , beef and dairy products .
Nicaragua 's agricultural economy has turned around dramatically as a result of government led investment , largely funded by ALBA .
The principle of complementarity means that Venezuela will accept payment in kind - in agricultural produce - equivalent to the cash price of its oil .
The investment necessary to develop Nicaragua 's agriculture in that way came both from the funds released by the concessionary terms of Petrocaribe oil purchases and from low - interest loans provided by Venezuela 's development bank .
That transformation led to record exports in 2008 , with a fall in 2009 projected at less than 5 % .
It has also meant that record production in the first semester has helped the government and producers cope much better than they might otherwise have done with the dramatic adverse effects of this year 's drought provoked by the climatic phenomenon , El NiÃ±o .
In terms of energy , the Nicaraguan - Venezuelan joint venture company Albanisa will be importing and storing all of Nicaragua 's oil requirement by the end of 2010 .
So Nicaragua will be independent of the giant transnational oil major Exxon which has always managed Nicaragua 's oil imports until now .
In just two years , ALBA has provided an additional 290 megawatts to Nicaragua 's electrical generating capacity , liberating Nicaragua 's consumers from the spectre of the regular extended power cuts , month after month in 2006 , resulting from the energy policies of 16 years of Washington Consensus imposed privatization and deregulation .
Nicaragua 's daily electricity consumption is a little over 500 megawatts .
The concessionary terms of Nicaragua 's oil purchases from Venezuela have made possible subsidies to Nicaragua 's transport system that has protected public transport consumers and operators from the disruptive inflationary effects of oil price volatility .
In Managua , Nicaragua 's capital , public transport users , the vast majority on very low incomes , pay half what they might otherwise pay .
Interurban bus prices have also been held stable ever since the oil price shock of 2008 .
A key feature of ALBA 's program is the establishment of joint venture companies involving partnerships between the bloc 's member states .
This is ALBA 's response to the depredations of rich country multinational corporations .
Infrastructure investment derived from ALBA includes a refinery and petrochemical complex scheduled for construction on Nicaragua 's Pacific Coast on which preparatory work has already begun .
On the northern Atlantic Coast , reconstruction following Hurricane Felix continues , including improvements to the port at Bilwi ( Puerto Cabezas ) and work advancing on the long - neglected main road linking Puerto Cabezas to the country 's Pacific Coast via Matagalpa .
Five agro-industrial projects are planned for 2010 onwards .
ALBA also funds nationwide housing and street - paving programmes .
The other main programmes made possible by ALBA in Nicaragua include medical facilities like the eye hospital in Ciudad Sandino which has attended tens of thousands of low income patients since it opened in 2007 .
ALBA funds Cuban medical brigades that cover the areas of the country least well served by Nicaragua 's medical system , especially the Atlantic Coast .
Cultural and sports programmes have created opportunities for thousands of young Nicaraguans to pursue otherwise inaccessible courses of training and study .
ALBA 's greatest achievement in the field of education has been the elimination of illiteracy in Nicaragua and Bolivia .
ALBA in the region
ALBA does all this just in Nicaragua .
It has similar programmes and projects in train or planned in all its nine member countries , apart from the less diverse investments under the Petrocaribe framework in almost 20 countries .
All of this is intended not to replace but rather to complement existing aid and cooperation programmes from Western Bloc countries .
What it also does , though , is permit countries like Nicaragua to resist blatant aid and trade blackmail , as was clearly the case when the United States government cancelled Millenium Challenge Account funding earlier this year , under the false pretext of allegations of electoral fraud .
The bulk of the amount concerned was replaced with funding from ALBA .
ALBA and Petrocaribe provide unprecedented stability to their member countries .
But the United States , Canada and Europe persistently accuse Venezuela of destabilizing the region .
Self - evidently , what they mean is that Venezuela destabilizes Western Bloc domination of the region , traditionally sustained by the neo-colonial mechanisms of aid , debt and unfair trade .
An example of the challenge to traditional neo-colonial relationships is that the ALBA countries already have their own ALBA Bank .
At the Cochabamba summit this month , they took a crucial step towards greater coherency as an integrated regional economic community .
That step was to set up a common unit of account for intra-regional trade - the Unitary System of Regional Compensation Payments ( SUCRE ) .
The SUCRE , which comes into effect in January 2010 is the first step towards a common currency .
It means ALBA 's member countries - with a total population of over 75 million - will not need to purchase dollars in order to pay for imports - for example Venezuelan oil - from fellow member countries .
This is another small but damaging blow to the US dollar 's status as the global reserve currency .
Henry C.K. Liu again , " post - Cold War global trade morphed into a new form of economic imperialism through which the strong advanced economies exploit the weak underdeveloped economies .
This is accomplished by denying sovereign governments their right to deploy sovereign credit for national development and forced them to depend on foreign capital denominated in the fiat currency of the monetary hegemon . "
ALBA 's challenge to the imperialist status quo
On October 17th 2009 , in Cochabamba , the ALBA countries served notice that they intend to reclaim their sovereign right to deploy their own sovereign credit for national and regional development .
But that is just one more reason for Western Bloc governments and corporate media to deploy a daily campaign of diplomatic and propaganda aggression against the ALBA countries , as they have done for years now .
Three other fundamental reasons underlie the thoroughgoing cynicism and deceit of the United States government and its allies .
The first of those reasons can be seen even from the extremely bald account given here of ALBA 's impact on national and regional development .
In that sphere , ALBA makes Western Bloc aid , trade and debt skulduggery look like what it is â€ “ a machinery of control and domination shamelessly designed to hold back the genuine sovereign development of peoples .
ALBA offers an unanswerable challenge to the Western Bloc aid - debt - and - unfair - trade development model .
The issue of literacy is a damning instance of that challenge .
ALBA programmes eliminated illiteracy in Nicaragua and Bolivia in just three years .
Western Bloc development cooperation programmes have failed to match that achievement in countries like Guatemala , Honduras or El Salvador in decades .
If one asks why that should be , the answer , clearly , is that they and their local allies , have no interest in doing so .
The contrast reveals the United States and its allied countries ' statements about their commitment to reducing poverty to be vapid rhetoric .
The second of the three reasons for Western Bloc aggression against the ALBA countries is that the ALBA countries punch well above their weight in foreign affairs .
ALBA has stepped up promoting South - South cooperation in their relations not just with China and India but with countries like , for example , Algeria , Vietnam , Libya and Iran .
Ecuador and Venezuela are both members of OPEC .
ALBA 's example is likely to be an important theme at the important South - South Cooperation Conference scheduled for early December this year in Kenya .
The other ALBA countries are likely to follow Nicaragua 's lead and support Russia by recognizing Abkhazia and South Ossetia , the two states that achieved independence from Georgia in 2008 .
Russia participates in ALBA meetings with observer status .
On issues from Sri Lanka to Western Sahara to Palestine , ALBA countries follow their own non-aligned anti-imperialist agenda - an example Western Bloc countries are anxious to squash .
A third reason Western Bloc countries loath ALBA 's regional initiative is that the ALBA countries are genuinely committed to diminishing the effects of narcotics trafficking on their countries and have been very effective in doing so .
This is unsettling for the United States government , in particular , whose international corporate finance sector partners - all those Primary Government Securities Dealers - depend heavily for their liquidity on the many trillions of dollars flushed year - round through secretive off - shore financial centres .
Via these centres , hundreds of billions of dollars derived from the international narcotics business and other organized crime are laundered into the international finance system .
The militarist threat
After over US $ 6bn of US taxpayers ' money has been invested in the bogus " war on drugs " in Colombia , cocaine exports from Colombia are as healthy as ever .
Despite both the " war on drugs " and the " war on terror " , heroin exports from Afghanistan are at record levels .
Now , with Plan Merida , the United States is boosting its military and security industries with supplies to Mexico - just as it has done in Colombia , Afghanistan and Iraq â€ “ by means of yet another fake " war on drugs " initiative .
Obviously , narcotics is one of the United States ' most important industries , meeting insatiable consumer demand as well as providing vital economic benefits to both the United States financial services industry and its military and security based industries .
Asked in the interview quoted earlier if he thought US military expansionism was the inevitable corollary of domestic economic decline , Nicaragua Treasury Minister Alberto Guevara remarked , " History has shown us that always when there is a domestic crisis , the way out of it has been to reactivate the military - industrial complex .
In all recent history , the war in Korea , the war in Iraq , in Afghanistan , all of them .
Furthermore , the natural concept of war is that the final result has always been a sharing out of the world , so , in that sense , war may be the expression of economics at its maximum intensity . "
The US government has tacitly supported the military coup in Honduras in part because ousted President Manuel Zelaya passionately supported ALBA .
The US State Department used Costa Rican President Oscar Arias as a proxy to facilitate a framework agreement permitting occasional bouts of spurious " dialogue " until the elections scheduled in Honduras for the end of November .
Even so , violent conflict there seems inevitable .
In Mexico , increased United States military support for the " war on drugs " charade threatens to deepen the already critical social and economic crisis under usurper President Felipe Calderon .
In Colombia , Nobel Peace Prize winner President Barack Obama is destabilizing the region by agreeing to establish five new US military bases in the country .
Even Brazil , whose troops lead the military occupation of Haiti under UN auspices , has expressed disquiet .
President Obama 's government has also agreed to install two new US military bases in Panama .
His administration has also reactivated an important regional US radar and telecommunications listening facility in Costa Rica .
The US economy is a wreck , with unemployment unlikely to return even to pre-crisis levels for another seven or eight years .
By way of response , President Obama , his corporate plutocrat backers and their Western Bloc allies , are clearly engaged in a double - or - quits policy of imperialist military expansionism .
They are determined to use full - spectrum aggression against the ALBA countries .
They think militarist intimidation and terror is the Western Bloc 's best chance of , as Liu puts it , forcing the region " to depend on foreign capital denominated in the fiat currency of the monetary hegemon . "
Notes
1 . The nine ALBA countries ( Antigua and Barbuda , Bolivia , Cuba , Dominica , Ecuador , Honduras , Nicaragua , St Vincent and the Grenadines and Venezuela ) met in Cochabamba Bolivia on October 16th and 17th .
The summit declaration is here : http://tortillaconsal.com/tortilla/node/4108
2. " Money Markets and Commodity Markets .
Part I : Money Markets - Integrity Deficit Has Its Price " , Henry C.K. Liu , http://www.henryckliu.com/page198.html
3. " Greenspan Forgets Where He Put His Asset Bubble : " , Caroline Baum , Bloomberg March 12th 2009
4 . The full list of Primary Dealers as of July 27th 2009 was :
BNP Paribas Securities Corp ; Bank of America Securities LLC ; Barclays Capital Inc. ; Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. ; Citigroup Global Markets Inc. ; Credit Suisse Securities ( USA ) LLC ; Daiwa Securities America Inc. ; Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. ; Goldman , Sachs & Co. ; HSBC Securities ( USA ) Inc. ; Jefferies & Company , Inc. ; J. P. Morgan Securities Inc. ; Mizuho Securities USA Inc. ; Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated ; Nomura Securities International , Inc. ; RBC Capital Markets Corporation ; RBS Securities Inc. ; UBS Securities LLC .
5. " Federal Reserve Power Unsupported by Credibility " , Henry C.K.Liu - http://www.henryckliu.com/page199.html
6 . " Mervyn King launches blistering attack on Â£ 1tn banks bailout " , Ashley Seager and Jill Treanor , Guardian , October 21st 2009
7. " BOE More Likely to Expand Bond Purchases on GDP Slump ( Update1 ) " , By Brian Swint and Jennifer Ryan , Bloomberg October 23rd 2009
8. Declaración de la VII Cumbre del ALBA - TCP , Cochabamba , Bolivia , 17 de octubre de 2009 - http://tortillaconsal.com/tortilla/node/4108
9 . For comparison , Brazil 's population is around 190 million people , Russia has about 140 million , Japan 127 million , Britain 62 million , Germany 82 million .
10 . " Brasil , el FMI y el Banco Mundial " Andrés Soliz Rada , Rebelión , 25-10-2009 - http://www.rebelion.org/noticia.php?id=93932
11 . Entrevista con el Cro. Alberto Guevara , Ministro de Hacienda y Crédito Público de Nicaragua , 8 de octubre 2009 - http://www.tortillaconsal.com/alberto_guevara_8-10-09.html
What do you do when your terminal is on security lockdown and no one can come or go ?
Well , you burst out in song , of course !
If you peer out over the painstakingly rendered Venetian skyline in Assassin 's Creed II , or watch a car being convincingly torn to pieces during a high speed crash in Forza Motorsport 3 one thing is abundantly clear .
Videogames are beautiful now .
It 's not the figurative beauty of yore – the iconic charm of Pac - Man , the elegiac simplicity of the vector - mapped space craft in Elite .
Modern games are edging toward photo - realism ; indeed , through technologies like mimetic interfaces and augmented reality , they are encroaching on reality itself .
And at times they are breathtakingly close .
But here is the minor tragedy at the heart of modern games : no matter how astonishing they look , players will never see one of the most beautiful components : the 3D engine .
This vast chunk of programming code powers everything we see on screen , it renders the universe , calculates the trajectory of every object and ensures the player moves smoothly through it all .
These are the major engineering projects of our age – the digital era's Forth Bridges and Eiffel Towers .
The Unreal Engine , created by Epic Games , has been in production since 1994 and contains a breathtaking 2.5 million lines of code ; as Epic co-founder , technical director and engine coding guru Tim Sweeney , points out , " That 's roughly comparable to the complexity of a whole operating system a decade ago . "
Nowadays , developers spend several years developing one engine which then powers all of their games .
These technologies are so important ; they have become brands in their own right .
They 're given exciting macho names like EGO , RAGE and OGRE and whenever a new title is announced , the 3D engine will be there listed among the key selling points .
Building them is a major team discipline .
UK publisher Codemasters is fairly typical with its team of 30 technicians working full - time on maintaining the company 's EGO engine , which is used in everything from racing titles to shooters .
Down the road at Blitz Game Studios , they 've put ten years into the creation of the BlitzTech engine : " That 's well over a 100 years of man hours to date , " says technical director , Rich Hackett .
" And it has cost literally millions of pounds … "
This sheer investment of time and manpower does n't apply exclusively to the big commercial projects .
The community - built 3D engine OGRE has been in constant development and iteration since founder Steve Streeting began work on it in 2001 – he reckons over 200 people have contributed in some way to the engine over its lifetime .
One of the most intriguing elements of the process is the range of skills and experiences that go into engine production .
It 's not just C++ coders , straight out of computer science degree courses – it's physicists , mathematicians , architects ….
one of the staff at Realtime Worlds , for example , wrote the software powering the New York stock exchange , Joe Graf at Epic Games helped design the bill paying system used by most online banks , and in the mid-nineties , Moscow - based flight - sim specialist Eagle Dynamics employed several ex-military programmers who once created the guidance systems for Russia 's nuclear missiles .
Sweeney is also keen to point out , however , that the diversity necessary to produce a cutting edge 3D technology goes beyond high - end academic backgrounds .
There are plenty of ex-hobbyist programmers at Epic , the guys who learned their stuff coding and hacking hardware at home .
And that 's not the end of it , " Mike Buck formerly toured with a heavy metal band , " says Sweeney .
" I used to mow lawns and Cliff Bleszinski once worked at McDonalds … "
How these diverse disciplines mesh together on a single technology is one of the major organisational headaches in game production .
Here 's the thing – everyone codes differently .
It 's easy to overlook this if you 're not a programmer , but there are many different ways to achieve the same ends with a piece of programming code ; in some ways it 's like getting 30 authors together to write the same story .
" People always have a different style and also a different design philosophy , " confirms Bryan Marshall , chief technical officer at Codemasters .
" We try to encourage common standards throughout the codebase , but we have so many people working on these things it 's never quite the same .
The computer scientists tend to be more like code engineers – they are a bit more precise , whereas the mathematicians and physicists will be more interested in the algorithm itself and a bit less concerned about the actual code layout and design .
But as they get more experienced they tend to iron out all those bad habits … "
" This is something that can generate some pretty strong feelings - and discussions , " adds Hackett .
" Coding standards are a way of trying to deal with the inconsistencies and make it easier to work with larger teams on big codebases by agreeing on a broad set of sensible compromises .
Getting 100 % agreement is next to impossible though .
In years gone by this was less important and it was easy to tell who had written different code .
One notable example was one of our most senior programmers who became known for what was dubbed ' Scottish indenting ' , which refers to the unique way he laid out his code on the page … . "
There is a constant friction between attempting to flatten idiosyncrasies in order to attain efficiency and clarity , and recognizing that individual flourishes are a vibrant element of the design process .
It can never be resolved , because really , it 's part of the process .
It is creativity , after all .
" There 's definitely an art to programming , " agrees Sweeney .
" You can learn a lot about a programmer by reading a little bit of code .
A funny illustration is the ' Epic programming test ' , which we use when considering job applicants .
One of its questions calls for writing a program to convert a number into a text representation of its digits .
This seems simple , but I 've seen solutions ranging from five lines of code to 50 lines of code ; some produce perfect results and some suffer numerous bugs .
Some of the code is beautiful , some is ugly ; it ranges from mathematical in style to procedural and sometimes even schizophrenic ! "
3D engines then , are architectural marvels , created by some of the finest minds of our generation .
Or at least that 's how it seems to me , an ardent gamer .
I was interested though , to find out from the creators of these technologies , how engines rank in terms of other envelope - pushing technical endeavours .
Are games at the forefront of physics and computer science research or forever lagging behind academia ?
Sweeney reckons it 's a bit of both : " Game development is at the cutting edge in many disciplines .
The physics in modern games includes rigid body dynamics and fluid simulation algorithms that are often more advanced than the approaches described in research papers .
Over the past 15 years , games have caught up with 40 years ' of graphics research and are now leading the charge in some domains , such as practical lighting and shadowing techniques .
" In other areas , we 're still stuck in the Stone Age due to ingrained technologies .
The C++ programming language , used in all modern games , was hastily conceived in the 1980s as an extension to the 1970s C programming language .
Many of the problems that plague computers today - security vulnerabilities , viruses , and so on , can be traced to problems in this language . "
Marshall meanwhile , recognises that games need to be somewhat economical – and playful - when it comes to employing advanced areas of maths and physics .
" In the academic areas everything is more precise , it 's more accurate – a lot more work goes into the fidelity of the simulation .
At Codemasters we tend base all of our physics on good fundamental principles , then we simulate within the limitations of the consoles in mind .
Sometimes , too , we need what 's best described as ' Hollywood physics ' .
When a crate falls from a height , if you accurately simulate that , you can look at the screen and think , ' well , that does n't look right ' .
But then you start tweaking the numbers and changing gravity , making things accelerate faster – it's almost like this Hollywood expectation of motion simulation - and that actually looks correct .
You have to remember games are an entertainment after all … "
" It 's a feedback loop actually , " argues Streeting .
" a lot of visualisation researchers now use engines like OGRE to test out their ideas , and then sometimes we might implement some of those ideas in OGRE at a later date .
Because you 're always pushing up against the limitations of modern hardware , I would say engine implementations follow research as the technology becomes available , more than directly pushing research forward , although certainly some of the implementations are academically interesting in their own right simply by coping with those limitations in a clever way . "
Importantly , these technological marvels are creeping out of the world of gaming into other sectors .
TruSim , the ' serious games ' division of Blitz Games Studios has used the company 's engine to create Triage Trainer , a prototype simulation that helps medical first responders to correctly prioritise victims at an accident scene .
" Studies have shown that responders who have used this training tool perform significantly better in further training tests than those who have not , " says Hackett .
" TruSim is also working with medical teams to simulate patient reactions to serious organ failure again using computer generated human characters to show cause and effect in a way that is not possible through conventional training . "
Elsewhere , game engines are being used by young architecture and urban planning firms to visualise new projects .
" Realtime is the key , " says Dr Andrew Hudson - Smith from UCL's Centre for Advanced Spatial Analysis .
" Before the rise of the game engine visualizations had to be pre-rendered which is slow - perhaps as long as a week for a two minute clip .
Now it is possible to do ' what if ' type scenarios and run lighting simulations to determine the impact on available sunlight , shadow analysis , wind flow , etc . "
Apparently the latest iteration of the Crytek engine , has become a favourite .
" Crysis comes with a ' sandbox ' mode which allows anyone to strip out the main game and insert their own models , " explains Hudson - Smith .
" So any model from the Google 3D Warehouse , for example , can be imported .
As a research tool it has changed things massively , high - end VR setups are no longer necessary , we can do better visualization with software costing £ 49 . "
The problem is , actually licensing a commercial game engine for a major design project ( rather than just roughly visualising a concept in its early stages ) is expensive , and with the economy in the state that it is , it 's seen by a majority of firms as an unnecessary luxury .
As Jeff Mottle , editor - in - chief of CGarchitect.com explains , " By far the most widely publicized usage of a true game engine was done by HKS for the design and visualisation of the Dallas Cowboys ' stadium .
I believe they used the Unreal Engine .
HKS had that expertise on staff in their visualization department and the budget .
Last I heard , though , most of those people were let go earlier this year with the massive redundancies that happened across our industry when the economy fell out . "
However , there are alternatives to the major console engines out there , and they 're getting more powerful all the time .
One example is Unity3D , developed by San Francisco company Unity Technologies and aimed mostly at small studios working on casual PC , handheld and iPhone game titles .
The tool is free for non-commercial use ( and considerably cheaper than major console engines for professional users . )
Hudson - Smith reckons it could prove to be a useful architectural tool : " It is extremely impressive with a built in physics engine , and again it allows quick and easy visualisation for either design teams or to communicate ideas to the public at large . "
Game technology can also be mashed up with other packages to help with urban design – and may even prove useful to those who want to protest at developments in their area .
" The rise of technology is allowing the people on the street to design and share things themselves , " says Hudson - Smith .
" Google SketchUp is a prime example .
It is a free 3D modeling tool that can be ' plugged into ' many game engines .
This makes it a democratising tool , if people do n't like what the council is doing in terms of urban design or street furniture they can re-design it themselves and put it online to raise awareness of the issues .
SketchUp is the most used 3D modeling tool by the public and many activist groups turn to it to illustrate their designs .
Combine this with Google Earth and the reign of the ' urban planner ' knowing what 's best is now being questioned ... "
Meanwhile , Streeting sees OGRE as a multifaceted tool rather than just a games engine .
" it 's designed for any real - time 3D use and our community reflects that , " he says .
" We 've obviously had game developers , researchers in fields from the fairly obvious ( molecular visualisation , medical imaging ) to the rather obscure ( virtual spiders learning to walk ) , automotive designers , defense contractors , processor & GPU vendors … "
So where else will we find OGRE ?
" Submarine ROV operators for oil pipelines , interactive kiosks , Windows desktop / browser replacements ( BumpTop / Flaii ) , virtual museum exhibits ( Ogre has been used in museums all over the world in various projects , including at least at the Science Museum in London ) , sports TV coverage , golf training centres , interactive public art projects - pretty much you name it , it 's turned up at some point ! "
With the rapid evolution of game technology in mind - there 's an obvious final question for our panel of 3D engine luminaries : where are games engines going next ?
What are the key new areas development ?
Marshall thinks that the incremental steps toward photo - realism will continue : " certainly for graphics it 's all about mathematically correct , realistic radiosity lighting , where the banks of light from one surface on to another is correctly simulated and also the actual surface qualities of the material is simulated as well .
That 's one area we 're seeing more advances in . "
Streeting , however sees some major changes in terms of our interactions with 3D worlds .
He reckons new handheld technologies like the iPhone 3GS will bring high - end 3D visualization out of the age of the home console and into the street .
The future is PS3 visuals wherever you are , and with new interface technologies such as motion controls , 3D technology will become truly pervasive .
" Augmented reality is one of a number of very interesting areas which is still mostly in the lab or in fairly limited use so far , " Streeting continues .
" Bringing virtual 3D content and overlaying it on the real world in useful ways is a big growth area I think .
Imagine a civil engineer being able to point their phone camera at a street and overlaying that with information of existing water pipes / electricity cables or visualising the changes that they 're due to make , and update in real time as they move it around .
People are working on that sort of application already but I 'm sure as devices become more powerful it will be a lot more common .
There are huge numbers of applications for this kind of technology . "
For us , it 's all about the games .
I 've seen plenty of augmented - reality titles – the likes of Mosquitoes , the old favourite for Symbian camera phones , which has just been updated for the iPhone .
But the overlay of Unreal Engine - style 3D performance on the real world ?
Will this be the game engine 's defining moment ?
Will this be the point at which mass consumers appreciate the beauty of this hidden art form ?
Time and technology , as ever , will tell .
For once a group of Valve fans have banded together , and it 's not over a stupid cause .
The legendary Counter - Strike has managed to stand the test of time for a billion years , and is still one of the best known PC shooters around .
That said , fans are ready for more .
They want a sequel , and they want one now !
Sam England has organized fans into a 25,000 - strong army with plans to get Valve 's attention .
As well as an official response from Valve , the group wants to see the announcement of Counter - Strike 2 .
While a new and updated game would be great , the main goal is simply to make people play Counter - Strike again .
" We want to bolster interest in CS so more people play it , and if we want to regain mainstream attention in the game it needs to be re released as Counterstrike 2 .
Even if it was just re released with some fixes / patches , additional official maps , a graphical upgrade and a new shiny box ...
Counterstrike would then survive as a franchise and become popular once again . "
England laments that there is " No longer a single iconic game on the PC , " and who knows ?
Maybe Counter - Strike 2 could be that game .
Would you bust your nut over a new Counter - Strike or do you feel the world has moved on ?
About the author
( NewsTarget ) Los Angeles has again been rocked by another celebrity death , believed to be caused by a cocktail of prescription drugs and alcohol .
Casey Johnson , the 30 - year - old whose family established the Johnson & Johnson pharmaceutical giant , was found dead in her home on Monday .
Johnson was known to have addiction problems to an array of different drugs .
The media is currently waiting for confirmation that she has become one of the millions of citizens killed by pharmaceutical drugs .
The sad news follows hot on the heels of the death of Clueless actor Brittany Murphy , who died in similar circumstances .
At this point , it should be stated that the toxicology reports have not yet been returned in the case of either Ms Johnson or Ms Murphy .
However , it is known that both , like Ledger , were taking a daily cocktail of prescription drugs at the time of their deaths .
Both cases seem set to join the ever - increasing number of individuals whose death is caused by prescription drugs - ' death by doctor ' , as it has been dubbed .
Eleven years ago , a breakthrough research paper showed that over 2.2 m
Americans each year are injured by prescription drugs and 106,000 are killed .
These figures relate purely to incidents where drugs were prescribed in ' good practise ' at the correct dosage .
To put these figures into context , only 45,000 were killed in motor vehicle accidents during the same period .
Not only is ' death by doctor ' now more than twice as likely as death on the road , these figures make it the fourth leading cause of death
In the years since this research was published in the Journal of the American Medical Association , the rate of adverse reactions appears to be rising sharply .
The 1998 paper based their national figures on the rate of Adverse Drug Reactions ( ADR ) and Fatal Adverse Drug Reactions ( FADR ) , respectively measured in their study at 6.7 % and 0.32 % .
However , this study measured only the treatment outcomes for hospitalised patients , not the population at whole , and commentators at the time speculated that the rate of death may be higher outside of a hospital environment , where emergency surgery is unavailable .
A 2008 study suggests that , when deaths within the population at large are studied , 3 % of all deaths are caused by adverse drug reactions - that is ten times higher than previously thought .
Although the researchers studied only 1,600 deaths , a similar rate of FADR in the American population suggests more than 720,000 Americans died last year as a result of drugs given to them by their doctor .
This makes ' death by doctor ' the leading cause of death in America , beating heart disease ( 650,000 ) and cancer ( 550,000 ) by some distance .
Whatever the actual figure , the unnecessary injuries doctors inflict on their patients across the Western world remains a real risk for anyone who places blind faith in the medical community .
Whilst the media waits to determine the exact cause of death for Ms Johnson and Ms Murphy , the medical community seems set to stay silent on the unrelenting promotion of toxic drugs and equally quiet on the wide array of non-toxic , natural ( but less profitable alternatives ) .
References : Lazarou J et al ( 1998 ) .
Incidence of adverse drug reactions in hospitalised patients : a meta-analysis of prospective studies .
Journal of the American Medical Association , 279 ( 15 ) : 1200 - 5. Wester K et al ( 2008 ) .
Incidence of fatal adverse drug reactions : a population based study .
British Journal of Clinical Pharmacology , 65( 4) :573-9 .
Marek
Doyle is a London personal trainer , nutritionist and the pioneer of the Combined Allergy Test , with locations serving Kensington , Chelsea , West London and Basingstoke .
Marek runs Blueprint Fitness , edits the Adrenal Fatigue Focus website and has been recognised as one of the top three trainers in the country and counts world champion athletes , models and TV celebrities amongst his clientele .
( CNN ) --
The death of World Wrestling Entertainment superstar Edward Fatu , who wrestled under the name " Umaga , " has sparked discussion in wrestling circles over the rigors of the sport .
Fatu , 36 , died Friday of a heart attack in a hospital in Houston , Texas , a family friend confirmed .
Also known as " The Samoan Bulldozer , " the 6 - foot - 4 - inch , 350 - pound wrestler earned a reputation for executing moves with more ease than one might expect from someone his size , facing off in high - profile bouts with WWE celebrities such as Triple H and Ric Flair .
" He was basically known for being an athletic , big man who carried some extra weight around , but moved very well for a guy his size , " said Kevin Eck , an assistant sports editor of the Baltimore Sun who also runs its professional - wrestling blog , Ring Posts .
Comments on Eck 's blog range from messages of condolences to speculation over whether drugs were involved and the struggles wrestlers grapple with outside of the ring .
" [ H ] ardly do we realize what do these wrestlers go through ..... not that long ago he looked as if he could go on for 20 years in the ring looking as vicious as he was , " one post says .
Fatu worked on and off for the WWE for several years before the organization terminated his contract in June for violating the WWE's Wellness Program and refusing to enter rehab , the WWE said on its
Web site , without providing specifics .
The organization offered its condolences to Fatu 's family in a brief statement on its site .
Details of Fatu 's death have not been released , but Eck said the death highlights a larger problem of professional wrestlers dying in their 30s and 40s .
Fatu 's death comes less than nine months after Canadian pro wrestler Andrew Test Martin reportedly died of a drug overdose , and follows a string of high - profile deaths in the past decade , including those of Chris Benoit and Eddie Guerrero .
" It 's happening a lot more frequently in the sport than it ever did , and it's a huge problem , " Eck said .
" If this was Major League Baseball and you had guys dropping dead under 40 , it would be a much bigger deal -- but because it 's wrestling , it flies under the radar . "
Though wrestlers today have more support systems available through the WWE and other groups , the rigors of the sport have increased dramatically compared to the days of Capt .
Lou Albano , who died this year at 76 , Eck said .
" The expectations for what wrestlers are supposed to look like have evolved .
In Albano 's day , some were in good shape , some were not , but you did n't see the superhuman physiques like you started seeing in the 80s , " he said .
As the industry has gone global , wrestlers also are traveling more and going farther than they did pre-WWE , when wrestlers and promoters worked within limited territories , he said .
And the demands in the ring are higher than ever .
" You could get by with doing less back in the day , you did n't see a lot of high - risk maneuvers .
And as it has evolved , so has the need to do more risky - looking stunts , and that 's why guys get a lot of bumps and bruises , and you can sort of make the correlation that that leads to more painkillers . "
In an interview with CNN after Albano 's death , WWE spokesman Robert Zimmerman said the organization provides medical assistance and financial guidance through the WWE's Wellness Program to all its wrestlers , even though they are considered independent contractors .
" If they 're injured on the job in the ring , we take care of their medical expenses and get them to the best doctors possible , " Zimmerman said .
" In addition to their physical well - being , we also take them through financial counseling and financial workshops so they know what to do with their money as far as income , earnings and sponsorships .
And those are just a few aspects of the program . "
To friends and family , Fatu was a devoted family man who was looking forward to spending more time with his children after leaving the WWE .
" He had his demons , but he found a lot of strength in his family , " said family friend and former WWE personality Dawn Marie Psaltis .
" He comes from a long line of professional wrestlers and did his family proud . "
Psaltis , the founder of Wrestlers Rescue , a support group for aging and retired wrestlers , says Fatu 's death highlights the unique struggles that wrestlers face as independent contractors who do n't receive the benefits of athletes or professional actors .
Like many wrestlers , Fatu did not have health insurance when he died , leaving friends and family scrambling to cover his medical expenses , Psaltis said .
" We make above average income , but most of what we make goes toward the expense of being in the business , and health care is a huge expense for a wrestler , " Psaltis said .
Psaltis said she started Wrestlers Rescue with the goal of working with insurance companies to create an affordable health care plan for wrestlers .
" To find health care that covers wrestlers costs quadruple the price of regular coverage , so a lot of the guys end up going without .
They continue to wrestle way past their prime because there 's no pension , and because there 's no health care , they never prepared for their future health concerns .
It 's an endless cycle . "
But Psaltis and former WWE diva Terri Runnels say camaraderie and the thrill of being in the ring are worth the risks .
" Yes , we make good money , but for what we do it 's paltry .
We are like paupers compared to most other professions , but our pride in entertaining and making sure that when you pay money and come to a show you are absolutely entertained , that 's why we do what we do , " Runnels said .
Here is the latest on the fast evolving China vs Google story as it takes some interesting turns and starts to reveal some of its underlying causes :
CNET Reports : “ After warnings of strained U.S. - China relations , China ’s government has issued statements denying any state involvement in the cyberattacks on Google and defending its online censorship . ”
This Chinese statement exonerates China and warns again of consequences for bilateral relations between China and the US which could be damaged .
UPI reports that China ups the ante and denies any government involvement , “ explicit or implicit ” in the cyberattacks .
But Foreign Policy magazine lists the 10 biggest Chinese Cyber - attacks of the last five years .
Bloombeg News catches a novel spin by Xinhua , the official China news agency : ‘ Clinton ’s statements about Internet freedoms were also “ inconsistent with the facts ” and an example of the “ double standards ” imposed by the U.S. , according to the commentary dated Jan. 23 .
It is “ common practice ” for countries including the U.S. to restrict access to online information , according to Xinhua . ’
Bloomberg makes no attempt to refute the accusations either indicating they are preposterous or Bloomberg does not know or if Bloomberg does know it is not telling .
This party would be curious as to what the Chinese are referring to – the secretive , ill - fated Democratic Party Health Bill negotiations ?
Hardly a match for banning Twitter , Facebook , You Tube and others plus censored Baidu and Google searches in China .
Federal Computer Week and Computerworld report : “ The U.S. has no formal policy for dealing with foreign government - led threats against U.S. interests in cyberspace .
With efforts already under way to develop such a policy , the recent attacks could do a lot to shape the policy and fuel its passage through Congress . ” they go on to say that retaliation is self - damaging and broader cyber attack policy should be the priority .
Here is a curious report from Certified Chinese Translations :
Each time , Baidu has benefited from the fall out of Google in China .
Each time , Baidu ’s share prices increased when Google encountered problems in China .
Indeed , some people suspect that Baidu is the prime suspect behind the recent cyber attacks on Google as Chinese companies can “ suggest ” the government to engage in certain actions against foreign companies when necessary , especially when it is related to national security .
Although the attacks seem to come from China , both Baidu and the Chinese government vigorously denied their involvement .
They claim that they are the victim of cyber attacks as well .
Recently , Baidu was inaccessible for a few hours on January 12 , 2010 .
They claim that they were attacked by the Iranian Cyber Army , who attacked the US domain registration company register.com .
Baidu is currently suing the company for negligence .
Baidu is a company that many claim was the “ Hooligan Search Engine ” in China .
It used to host many materials that infringed on the intellectual property rights such as mp3s , videos , etc .
( Though now it is trying to comply with the applicable laws ) .
It used to bully Chinese small businesses and tried to “ persuade ” them to advertise on Baidu .
( If they did not , consequences would follow ) .
It also used many other tactics to increase its market share in China .
Most of its users are young , not - so - wealthy , relatively less educated compared to the sophisticated , educated , and wealthy users of Google .
And they are easily angered and instigated by certain nationalistic events as well .
To say that Baidu is totally innocent is to say that Hitler did not kill any Jews , some say .
( What would the Chinese government want Google ’s source code for ?
Although I personally hope and believe that Baidu might be innocent ) .
This account , if certifiably frank [ given the Hitler remark , I suspect it is ] , then would help to explain a ) why Google is still losing to Baidu in the Chinese market and b ) why the following unexpected departure of a Baidu COO and then CTO occurred as the Google story broke .
The following stories suggest that Baidu may indeed be implicated .
The Guardian , Business Week , and Financial Times cast a new light on the Google situation in China :
As was pointed out last week , Google is n’t the top dog in terms of search in China , and some suggested that its loud threat to depart the country was a humbled company , tail between its legs , quitting a market it could n’t conquer : Baidu holds the top spot in terms of search in China .
However , in the last 10 days , Baidu has seen both its chief technology and chief operations officers leave .
COO Ye Peng left the company on 8 January , citing “ personal reasons ” .
The China Digital Times said that the People ’s Daily also cited “ personal reasons ” for CTO Li Yinan ’s departure and did not lay out his future plans .
Blogger Uln at Chinayouren called the departure ‘ mysterious ’ .
However , a comment on that post says that Li is taking over as CEO at a subsidiary of China Mobile , a move that was also reported by Xinhua , the official news agency of the People ’s Republic of China .
The departures come as Baidu ’s share of the Chinese search market is slipping as Google was gaining .
BusinessWeek reports : “ Baidu had 58.6 percent of China ’s online search market in the fourth quarter , down from 63.9 percent in the previous three months , according to researcher Analysys International .
Google ’s market share increased to 35.6 percent from 31.3 percent over the same period , the Beijing - based researcher said . ”
The Financial Times said that the departures from Baidu suggest “ further disruptions ahead in China ’s Rmb7.5 bn ( $ 1.1 bn ) online search market ” .
The company is the process of transitioning to a new search advertising platform called Phoenix Nest , similar to Google ’s AdWords .
As with Yahoo ’s calamitous move to its new Panama advertising system in the US from 2003 - 2007 .
The transition has been cited as one of the reasons behind Baidu ’s falling market share .
Finally Googles actions on canceling its cellphones launch has had a chilling effect as noted here – its actions are implying that China , given its cyberattacks and continued outright intellectual property thefts , is not a good place to do High Tech business .
Stay tuned – as noted before , This Story Has Legs .
George W. Bush is finally recovering from presidentialitis .
Recent visitors tell us that the Decider has had difficulty adjusting to life outside of the White House .
But now he 's in great spirits , looking younger and wrapping up work on his autobiography .
New on that front is his addition of how God ; his dad , the former president ; and his wife have influenced his life .
NEW YORK ( Fortune ) --
The lights are on in the housing market .
But at more and more places , nobody 's home .
House prices have risen in recent months after a long plunge , according to the National Association of Realtors and the S&P Case - Shiller national index .
Fewer Americans owe more than their property is worth , according to a report this week from Zillow.com .
But a full - fledged housing recovery will remain elusive until the market can absorb all the houses and apartments that were built during the housing boom .
And on that front , progress has been slow .
About one in seven housing units was vacant in the third quarter , according to the Census Department .
This year has registered the highest reading since the government began collecting such data in 1965 .
Part of the glut comes from a rash of foreclosures as strapped borrowers fall behind on their mortgages .
But rental apartments are emptying out at a record clip as well , as a spike in the jobless rate and a decade of subpar wage growth have sent many Americans back home to live with Mom and Dad .
And some owners , such as Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner , have decided to rent their houses out after they could n't sell them .
" There 's just too many houses out there for the population we have , " said Brian Peterson , an economist at Indiana University who focuses on housing .
" The market 's going to take a couple years to clear . "
The homeowner vacancy rate dropped to 2.6 % in the third quarter from 2.8 % a year ago , when homeowner vacancies hit their all - time high .
But a jump in the rental vacancy rate , to 11.1 % from 9.9 % a year earlier , more than offset that decline .
Because twice as many people own their homes as rent , the total vacancy rate -- 14.5 % in the third quarter -- exceeds the sum of the homeowner and rental vacancy rates .
The rise in vacancies comes after a decade in which homebuilders , motivated by easy financing and rising prices , built many more homes than the U.S. needed .
About 1.2 million households are formed each year , on average , according to government estimates .
But housing starts averaged 1.7 million a year between 1996 and 2006 , when the boom topped out .
" There was some overbuilding during that period , " said Walter Molony , a public affairs specialist at the National Association of Realtors .
Since then , housing starts have dropped sharply , allowing the market to soak up some of the excess .
And prices have dropped precipitously in the most overbuilt markets in the South and West , luring some buyers off the sidelines .
Peterson also notes that the vacancy numbers have expanded over the years to include more types of vacant homes , such as seasonally occupied beach houses .
Meanwhile , tax credits , mortgage modifications and government mortgage market support have helped slow the decline of house prices .
Federal mortgage purchases have brought down 30 - year mortgage rates by a third of a point , according to Wall Street estimates .
More than 350,000 Americans have used the $ 8,000 homebuyer tax credit to buy their first house , according to industry data .
But because most of those buyers were presumably renters beforehand , their purchases filled one vacancy while creating another .
The biggest factor working for a recovery now , Peterson said , is that buyers who were once priced out of many housing markets are being lured in by lower prices .
But those people may not take the plunge until their job prospects firm up , he added .
That may take a while at a time when unemployment is at a 26 - year high and the economy has shed jobs for 22 straight months .
" We need those people to start buying houses and starting families , " he said .
SYDNEY ( Reuters ) - Australian police have charged two stars of British reality TV show “ I ’m a Celebrity ... Get Me Out of Here ” with animal cruelty after an RSPCA complaint over an episode that involved killing and cooking a rat .
Italian chef Gino D’Acampo and British actor Stuart Manning were charged at the weekend in relation to the British TV show that was filmed in northern New South Wales in Australia .
A police spokeswoman said sealed court attendance notices were delivered to the two men , aged 30 and 33 , as they were about to leave Australia for England .
She said they were charged with animal cruelty for acts in connection to the program after complaints from the RSPCA , but did not give names or other details .
The two men are scheduled to appear in court on February 3 .
“ The killing of a rat for a performance is not acceptable .
The concern is this was done purely for the cameras , ” David O’Shannessy of the New South Wales RSPCA told the BBC .
TV network ITV was not immediately available for comment .
“ I ’m A Celebrity ... Get Me Out Of Here , ” which is now in its ninth series , pits contestants against each other in a knock - out contest which involves a series of scary and stomach - churning tasks in a remote setting .
D’Acampo was the winner of the latest series .
Jan. 27 , 2010 -- Running barefoot causes less collision force to the feet than running in cushioned shoes , a new study says .
Researchers reporting in the Jan. 28 issue of the journal Nature show that runners who run without shoes usually land on the balls of their feet , or sometimes flat - footed , compared to runners in shoes , who tend to land on their heels first .
Cushioned running shoes , which date back only to the 1970s , may seem comfortable but may actually contribute to foot injuries , say Daniel Lieberman , PhD , professor of human evolutionary biology at Harvard University , and colleagues .
The scientists , using motion and force analyses , showed that barefoot runners who strike on the fore - foot ( land on the balls of their feet ) generate smaller collision forces than shod rear - foot strikers .
The researchers say that although there are anecdotal reports of reduced injuries in barefoot populations , more work is needed to test their view that either barefoot runners or those with minimal footwear ( such as sandals or moccasins ) have reduced injury rates .
11 SHARES Share Tweet
“ A goal properly set is halfway reached . ” Abraham Lincoln
We all have certain aspirations in life .
We tell them to our friends and family .
We write them down .
And other times we keep them hidden underneath our brain wrinkles .
Whatever we do , they are there ; they are implicit in our conscious action .
They are short - term and long - term ideas we have in mind for the future .
But if we do n’t periodically ask questions like “ Where am I going ?
How will I get there ? ” our goals begin to drift further and further away from our outcomes .
We are no longer exercising our free will , we are instead like puppets pulled by strings .
Making a list
It has been exactly one month now since I wrote about goal - setting in my article , “ Create A Timeline To Better Envision Your Goals . ”
In this post I emphasized the importance of writing down our goals , making ourselves more conscious of these aspirations , and getting ourselves in the mindset to achieve them .
I also promised my readers that I would write a follow - up article touching on ways you can improve your timeline to make it more effective in helping you meet these goals .
Making a goal timeline is simple .
All I recommend is that you list out the goals you want to achieve within certain time frames , for example :
Within the next hour , X1
X2
X3
X4
Within the next day , X1
X2
X3
X4
Within the next week , X1
X2
X3
X4
Within the next month , X1
X2
X3
X4
Within the next year X1
X2
X3
X4
Within the next decade .
X1
X2
X3
X4
Once you write your list , save it , and try to update it every 3 months .
Remember , your goals are n’t set in stone .
Re-visiting
Whether you have written them down or not , you probably have a decent recollection of the types of things you have wished to accomplish throughout your lifetime ( at least the biggest and most important ones ) .
When you re-visit your goals there are several things you might notice :
1 . Some of your goals may have already been accomplished .
One of the best feelings in the world is to finally accomplish one of your long - term goals .
When I refer back to the list I made last month ( and especially to the goals that I listed to complete “ Within the month , ” ) I can already begin to sense some form of accomplishment .
2 . You may have changed your mind on certain goals .
You may glance through the list and notice you are n’t as enthusiastic about some of these plans as you were when you first made them .
Of course , as long as you have genuinely lost interest , and you are not just fishing for reasons to quit , then there is absolutely nothing wrong with changing some of your goals .
We change ( and many times for good reason ) .
3 . You may want to add new goals to your list .
Just like the point made above : we are always changing .
As some interests diminish , others develop .
4 . Some goals are becoming less and less likely to achieve .
Some goals you may still be very interested in , but you simply do n’t have the physical and mental resources to do them .
They are becoming not likelihoods .
Maybe you ’re simply “ not good enough ” to become a professional baseball player , or a local politician , or a model – so what , most of us are n’t .
We have to sometimes accept our limitations , and if you can acknowledge which goals are becoming more and more unrealistic , then you can filter them from the list and divert your attention on more important things .
Yeah , it sucks , and it can temporarily hurt your drive , but it is better than wasting resources on things that you stand little chance of accomplishing .
5 . Some goals you are on your way towards completing .
You may already be on the right path toward some of these goals .
Good job and stay focused .
How often should I re-evaluate my goals ?
You want to be consistent , but not excessive .
At least once every 2 - 3 months should be a healthy refresher .
Doing things like this can really be a great exercise and it only takes 10 minutes .
It is a way to take a step back , so that you keep your mind concentrated on the things you really wish to make out of life , and not letting yourself get lost in the hectic tides of a busy work schedule .
When I reflect back on my goals , I like to think of it as a kind of meditation ; a way for me to assess the karma of my actions ( what they are leading to ) and adjust them accordingly .
Good planning means adding details
Like Abraham Lincoln says in the quote above , “ A goal properly set is halfway reached . ”
But what does it mean to properly set a goal ?
Making lists can be useful , but better planning requires that we add details to our goals .
So , you want to be a doctor ?
That ’s great !
But what steps do you have to take to get there ?
For starters , you will probably need to maintain a high GPA all throughout college , then you have to take the MCAT exam , than get into a medical school , than pass medical school , find a job as a doctor , etc .
And that is just the surface ( I ’m only brainstorming about how to become a doctor ) , eventually you need to actually do research , talk to professors and administrators , and then act out those plans .
Where are the best places to get the details ?
Depending on your goals there are a variety of ways to seek advice or guidance .
The internet has proven to be one of the most valuable resources within our recent history .
If you are unsure about anything , you can go to forums to ask questions , search something on Google , find a blog of someone who is a professional , find a video of someone doing it on Youtube , or read about the subject on Wikipedia .
You can also talk to friends , family , coworkers , or fellow students who may have experience with what you want to accomplish .
Maybe you want to learn more about recording and your uncle ’s best friend owns his own studio .
Maybe you want to get your grades up in a class , so you find a friend who is majoring in the subject to tutor you .
Do n’t hesitate to ask around , because a lot of answers may be right in front of you .
One thing I like to do to learn about a topic is go to my local library .
As long as you live in the area you should be able to get a library card and take out books , CDs , and DVDs for free .
This is a great way to find informational gems that you would otherwise not get on the internet or through friends .
In many ways , the library is what sets you apart from the pack .
I try to always keep myself in the middle of some book to keep my mind active .
Visualization and “ seeing all the way through ”
How often does it happen when we see people make a mistake and then say to themselves , “ I just did n’t see my actions all the way through . ”
Visualizing our actions and the consequences to those actions can help us to avoid making those mistakes .
It is a great way to prepare ourselves mentally before we begin acting out our goals .
Visualization has been used in Sports Psychology for decades now as a method of rehearsal and motivation .
Also , this was recently reported by one psychiatrist and brain researcher in an article at the Huffington Post :
“ Although visualization was regarded as ‘ new age hype ’ for many years , research has shown that there is a strong scientific basis for how and why visualization works .
It is now a well - known fact that we stimulate the same brain regions when we visualize an action and when we actually perform that same action .
For example , when you visualize lifting your right hand , it stimulates the same part of the brain that is activated when you actually lift your right hand .
This shared area of brain activation when we imagine an action and perform it has been demonstrated extensively in the scientific literature .
A striking example of how visualization increases brain activation is seen in stroke .
When a person has a stroke due to a blood clot in a brain artery , blood cannot reach the tissue that the artery once fed with oxygen and nutrients , and that tissue dies .
This tissue death then spreads to the surrounding area that does not receive the blood any more .
However , if a person with this stroke imagines moving the affected arm or leg , brain blood flow to the affected area increases and the surrounding brain tissue is saved .
Imagining moving a limb , even after it has been paralyzed after a stroke , increases brain blood flow enough to diminish the amount of tissue death .
This is a very clear indicator of the power of visualization . “
Visualization can be great method for improving learning , motivation , and goal - setting .
It allows us to consciously prepare an idea , even though we have n’t practiced it yet in the real world .
Visualization is most effective when we take into account the different ranges of possibilities , and how different decisions can lead to different sets of outcomes .
This is a big part of what it means when we say to “ see things all the way through . ”
By imagining ourselves doing certain actions , and by imagining the consequences of those actions , we can check to see if they are congruent with our original intentions .
One caveat , however , is to not mistaken the efficacy of visualization in The Secret - sense of the term .
This means that , contrary to New Age garble , merely visualizing your desires will never get you the things you want .
It is only a form of planning , and eventually you need to consciously act out that plan .
Stay updated on new articles and resources in psychology and self improvement :
The First World War Poetry Digital Archive is an online repository of over 7,000 items of text , images , audio , and video for teaching , learning , and research .
The heart of the archive consists of collections of highly valued primary material from major poets of the period , including Wilfred Owen , Isaac Rosenberg , Robert Graves , Vera Brittain , and Edward Thomas .
This is supplemented by a comprehensive range of multimedia artefacts from the Imperial War Museum , a separate archive of over 6,500 items contributed by the general public , and a set of specially developed educational resources .
Freely available to the public as well as the educational community , the First World War Poetry Digital Archive is a significant resource for studying the First World War and the literature it inspired .
Twitter Updates Tweets by @ww1lit
The Great War Archive was highly commended at the Times Higher Educational Awards 2008 for ' Outstanding ICT Initiative '
‘ It ’s no good Montag .
We ’ve all got to be alike . ’
Thus spoke Montag ’s fire captain in Francois Truffaut ’s 1966 movie adaptation of Ray Bradbury ’s Farenheit 451 , a treatment Bradbury was reported to have been generally happy with .
Truffaut presents a story about a dystopian future where as a means of social control people have been heavily drug addled , deliberately dumbed down , and are functionally illiterate , where ‘ reading ’ as a rule consists of at most interpreting the pictures of comics , and many cannot keep a simple line of thought without forgetting what it was they were speaking about in mid-sentence .
And to , as quoted below , an extreme and destructive level of ‘ tolerance ’ is continuously preached by Cousin Claudette to ‘ the family ’ ( as the overall population is referred to in this society ) from the large flat screen TV ’s people have in their living rooms , this too being a matter of social control , and not of right and wrong as people might mistakenly presume .
‘ Finally , do remember to tolerate your friends ’ friends , However alien and peculiar they may seem to you .
Do n’t despise minorities .
Smother malice .
Strangle violence .
Suppress prejudice .
Hate hate .
Be tolerant today … ’
Sounds depressingly all too familiar , and 1966 was not that long ago .
One has to wonder if the surviving actors of that film sense a touch of irony as they remember their rolls then in Truffaut ’s ‘ Farenheit 451 ’ , and then look at the very Multi-Cultural world of today .
I would have included this you - tube video and this one of clips from the film , which I invite you to watch , but the embedding feature was disabled .
The excerpts from the fascinating dialogue of the movie are taken from this transcript .
A well done movie , it was filmed in and around the London of the mid 1960 ’s , a product of the Pinewood Studios .
I highly recommend watching it , not so much as it once was , a warning about the future , but rather now as a warning about the present .
It provides a glimpse of the English , a physically handsome people , before the ravages of the Multi-cult had been fully brought against them .
‘ Two cells of anti-socials were located earlier today in the Western Metropolitan Zone .
The police have declined to comment so far …’
‘ Tell me , that number
you all wear , what ’s it mean ?
Oh , Fahrenheit 451
Why rather than
or ?
Fahrenheit 451 is the
temperature at which …
book paper catches fire
and starts to burn .
I ’d like to ask you something
else , only I do n’t really dare .
Go ahead .
Is it true …
that a long time ago …
firemen used to put out fires
and not burn books ?
Really , your uncle is right .
You are light in the head .
“ Put fires out ” ?
Who told you that ?
- I do n’t know .
Someone .
But is it true ?
- What a strange idea .
- Houses have always been fireproof .
- Ours is n’t .
Well , then , it should be
condemned one of these days .
It has to be destroyed ,
and you will have to move …
to a house that is fireproof .
Too bad .
Tell me ,
why do you burn books ?
What ?
Well , it ’s a job
like any other .
Good work with lots
of variety .
Monday , we burn Miller ; Tuesday ,
Tolstoy ; Wednesday , Walt Whitman ;
Friday , Faulkner ; and Saturday
and Sunday , Schopenhauer and Sartre .
“ We burn them to ashes
and then burn the ashes . ”
That ’s our official motto .
You do n’t like books then ?
- Do you like the rain ?
- Yes , I adore it .
Books are just
so much … rubbish .
They have no interest .
Then why do some people still read
them although it ’s so dangerous ?
Precisely because
it is forbidden .
Why is it forbidden ?
Because it makes
people unhappy .
Do you really
believe that ?
Oh , yes .
Books
disturb people .
They make them
antisocial .
Do you think
I ’m antisocial ?
Why do you ask ?
Well …
I ’m a teacher .
Well , not quite .
I ’m still on probation .
This afternoon
the analyst called me in ,
And I do n’t think
I said the right things .
I ’m not at all happy
about my answers .
That ’s probably why I ’ve been so
rude to you .
Have I been annoying you ?
Oh , no ,
not at all .
In fact , I was questioned
this afternoon as well .
I did n’t do
too well either .
This is where I live .
You see ?
This is my house .
- One more question .
- Another one ?
- Just a tiny one .
- What is it ?
Do you ever read
the books you burn ?
Why should I ? First ,
I ’m not interested .
Second , I ’ve better things
to do .
Third , it is forbidden .
Of course .
- You happy ?
- What ?
Of course I ’m happy . ’
‘ You ’re nothing
but zombies , all of you …’
‘ Finally , do remember to
tolerate your friends ’ friends ,
However alien and peculiar
they may seem to you .
- Do n’t despise minorities .
- Does n’t cousin Midge ’s face look swollen ?
- That ’s because she ’s pregnant .
- Is that why ?
I think it ’s irresponsible
to have children .
Somebody ’s got to have children ,
Jackie .
They ca n’t let the race die out .
Babies grow up to look
like you .
That must be fun .
- Smother malice .
Strangle violence .
Suppress prejudice .
Hate hate .
- Here ’s Montag .
Be tolerant today .
Being just pretty
is not enough .
The wife who uses translusives
knows better than that .
Try some today , but watch out
for your friends ’ husbands .
They ’ll be around you
like flies .
No one will ever notice
that your chairs do n’t match ,
And you ’ll be
as popular as ever .
Would you excuse me ?
Yes , I like her hair
like this .
Come on , Montag ,
be good now .
Come on over and sit with us .
You have n’t
seen Jackie and Doris and Helen for ages .
- It ’s very rude , you know .
- Leave me alone .
Are n’t you well ?
All right ,
but it ’s very naughty .
... are being reclassified .
Two cells of antisocials
were located earlier today …
In the western
metropolitan area .
The police have declined
to comment so far .
Meanwhile , the “ report those
who threaten you ” campaign …
- met with particular success today …
- When an old woman , cousins ,
chose to be burned with her books
rather than being separated from them .
If that ’s a joke ,
it ’s not in very good taste .
- You ’d like to think that , would n’t you ?
- Do n’t be silly , Montag .
Things like that
do n’t happen .
You mean , you do n’t want
to hear about it .
I saw it !
- My husband says …
- Oh , your husband !
You do n’t even know where he is !
- Montag !
- Of course I know .
- He ’s been called on reserve for some field training .
- Or to fight a little war .
You never know , do you ?
Why do you call it that ?
Even if he was ,
what about it ?
He ’s not allowed to call
me until it ’s all over .
- It ’ll only be about a week or two .
- He ’ll be all right .
The point about wars is , if
you want to call them that ,
it ’s only other women ’s husbands
who get killed .
That ’s true .
I never knew anyone
who got killed in a …
Not anyone whose husband
died like that .
Getting run over , jumping
out of a window , yes .
Like Gloria ’s husband
a few nights ago .
But never
that other way .
Anyway , that ’s life ,
is n’t it ?
That ’s what you call it .
You ’re nothing
but zombies , all of you .
Just like those husbands of
yours you do n’t even know anymore .
You ’re not living ,
you ’re just killing time !
Well , I think it ’s time to go .
Yes , I …
Thank you .
It was a lovely afternoon .
Really fun .
Yes .
Sit down !
- Come on , sit down .
It ’ll only take a minute .
- Whatever is that ?
- Darling .
- It ’s not a book ?
That ’s what it is .
It ’s a novel .
Oh , it ’s a book !
Oh , you
must n’t !
It ’s against the law !
- Quiet .
Sit down and listen .
- Since Montag really insists .
But when he ’s through ,
I hope we can do as we please .
“ There can be no disparity
in marriage …
“ like unsuitability
of mind and purpose .
“ I had endeavoured to adapt Dora to
myself and found it impracticable .
“ It remained for me to adapt myself to Dora ,
to share with her what I could and be happy .
“ It made my second year
much happier than my first ,
“ and , what was better still ,
made Dora ’s life all sunshine .
“ But as that year wore on ,
Dora was not strong .
“ I had hoped that lighter hands than
mine would help to mould her character …
“ and that a baby ’s smile upon her breast
might change my child - wife to a woman .
“ It was not to be .
My pretty Dora .
“ We thought she would be running
about as she used to do in a few days .
“ But they said wait a few days
more , and then wait a few days more ,
“ and still she neither
ran nor walked .
“ I began to carry her downstairs
every morning and upstairs every night .
“ But sometimes when I took her up , I
felt that she was lighter in my arms .
“ A dead , blank feeling
came upon me ,
“ as if I were approaching
some frozen region …
“ yet unseen
that numbed my life .
“ I avoided direct recognition of this feeling
by any name , over any communing with myself .
“ Until one night when it was
very strong upon me …
“ and my aunt had left her
with her parting cry ,
“ ‘ Oh , good - bye ,
little blossom . ’
“ I sat down at my desk ,
alone , and tried to think .
“ oh , what a fatal name
it was .
“ and how the blossom …
withered in its bloom
up in the tree . ”
I knew that ’s what would happen .
It ’s what I ’ve always said .
Life is n’t like novels , novels
and tears , novels and suicide .
Novels are sick .
That was sheer cruelty , Montag .
You ’re a cruel man .
All
those words ; idiotic words .
Evil words
that hurt people .
Is n’t there enough
trouble as it is ?
Why disturb people with that
sort of filth ?
Poor Doris .
Bye , Linda .
We were
having such a nice party .
- Such a shame .
- I ca n’t bear to know those feelings .
I ’d forgotten
all about those things .
Oh , I ’m sorry , Doris .
They wo n’t come back .
I ’ll be all alone .
I wo n’t be popular anymore .
They wo n’t use me
in the family anymore .
And you made Doris cry !
She cried because
it is true .
What are you going to do now ?
Have n’t you done enough harm ?
Leave me alone , Linda .
I’ve
got reading to do .
Quite a lot .
- What ’s the matter with you ?
Are n’t you well ?
- It ’s nothing .
I ’ve got to read .
I ’ve got to catch up with
the remembrance of the past !’
Comments :
Post a comment :
Next entry : A question and an answer
Previous entry : Atlantropa : The EU ’s Solution to the Immigration Problem ?
Istanbul is haunted by a unique type of melancholy , Orhan Pamuk writes in his wondrous book on Turkey 's largest city .
Known as hüzün , " the black mood shared by millions of people together " is particularly dense on cold winter mornings " when the sun suddenly falls on the Bosphorus and the faint vapour almost rises from the surface " .
Many
Turks must be overcome by a comparable weariness ( this one not mitigated by beautiful scenery ) when they hear of their country 's never - ending quest for membership of the European Union .
More than 22 years after Turkey first applied to join , the prospect of its EU entry seems as remote as ever , even if formal accession talks began in 2005 .
With progress in those negotiations already sluggish , primarily because of unresolved questions over the future of Cyprus , there is now a new hurdle to be overcome .
Bulgaria has indicated it will block Turkey 's membership unless compensation is paid for the expulsion of Thracians by Ottoman forces in the early 20th century .
It is only right that Turkey should be required to improve its human rights record in order to join the union .
The aforementioned Pamuk is among those to have fallen victim to its restrictions on free speech ; the Nobel laureate was prosecuted over a 2005 interview in which he discussed the genocide perpetrated by Ottoman forces against 1.5 m
Armenians nine decades earlier .
While charges against him were eventually erased on a technicality and while important gestures of friendship towards Armenia have been made by the present Turkish leadership , the Ankara authorities continue to muffle voices of dissent .
This has been illustrated by a ruling from the Turkish constitutional court last month , banning the Kurdish Democratic Society party .
Such curbs on expression , however , have nothing to do with the antipathy directed at Turkey by Nicolas Sarkozy in France and Angela Merkel in Germany .
Rather , their opposition to Turkey 's bid for EU membership is explained by what a columnist in the Turkish newspaper Hürriyet accurately described as " basic facts not pronounced openly " on Monday .
" Turkey is a Muslim country , " Mehmet Ali Birand wrote .
" And Europe is not ready yet to accept a Muslim country in the EU . "
This anti-Turkish bias is tantamount to racism .
Even though the EU institutions officially claim to cherish diversity , there is a tacit agreement among some of their most powerful leaders that the union must remain predominantly Christian .
Herman Van Rompuy , the EU 's new president , is one of the few to have voiced this desire in a public forum ( and that was long before his recent elevation in status ) .
" The universal values which are in force in Europe , and which are also fundamental values of Christianity , will lose vigour with the entry of a large Islamic country such as Turkey , " he told a meeting at the Belgian parliament in 2004 .
As a Christian myself ( albeit not a devout one ) , I am not sure what teachings of the poor Nazarene that Van Rompuy professes to follow provide a justification for slamming the door on adherents to another faith .
If a golf club adopted a similar policy of exclusion , there is a strong likelihood it would be sued for breaching equality laws .
The EU is nominally a club of democracies ; why is it allowed to discriminate on religious grounds ?
Still , a current account surplus , large foreign exchange reserves and the yen ’s importance as an international currency means Japan retains good access to global capital markets , the agency stressed .
The country ’s gold and foreign exchange reserves of over $ 1 trillion are second only to China ’s , the agency noted .
Japan ’s growth this year is expected to be anemic , despite efforts by the government and central bank last year to stimulate it with a slew of measures .
The country has maintained ultralow interest rates for years , and the central bank as expected left rates on hold at 0.1 percent on Tuesday .
The government in Tokyo , in office just a few months , has also bolstered spending on social programs aimed at helping households .
The government says such measures will also spur economic recovery by lifting consumption .
And though Prime Minister Yukio Hatoyama has promised to cut public works spending that drained government coffers under prior administrations , he has struggled to keep spending in check .
On Monday , the powerful lower house of parliament approved a supplementary budget for the fiscal year that ends in March worth ¥ 7.2 trillion , or $ 80.3 billion , to help shore up the economy .
And next year , government spending will grow further with a record trillion - dollar budget including ambitious welfare outlays .
Mr. Hatoyama has been keen to maintain his generous spending agenda to boost his political support before parliamentary elections this year .
To finance the budget , officials say the nation will issue fresh debt worth a record $ 485 billion .
The new borrowing will bring Japan ’s public debt to about $ 9.4 trillion , or about 181 percent of gross domestic product , at the end of March 2011 , by far the highest rate in the industrialized world .
Tax receipts , at about $ 405 billion , are expected to cover less than half the government ’s budget , forcing the government to borrow more than it receives in revenue .
Some economists , however , argue that it would be impossible for Japan to trim its debt and overcome deflation at the same time .
The latter calls for more government stimulus spending at a time when companies are cutting back on investment , they say .
Mr. LaHood said the department took notice of the company ’s problems after an accident in California last year in which three people were killed .
Since then , he said the department had discovered other safety issues with the company ’s vehicles , and has met with engineers from Japan .
“ We told them , ‘ we ’re going to call you out on this . ’
They stepped up and they did the right thing , and we applaud them for doing this , ” he said .
Mr. LaHood said the department would help the company find a solution .
“ We ’re going to get to the best safety that ’s possible .
They want to manufacture cars that are the safest for people to drive . ”
Mr. LaHood said Toyota had figured out solutions to the problem on some of its vehicles .
He recommended that owners immediately take their vehicles to dealers , and said the company would either fix them or find a way to provide other transportation while it found a solution .
Analysts in Japan have raised concerns for some time that Toyota ’s rapid growth in recent years was overstretching the company .
Toyota ’s president , Akio Toyoda , has himself berated the company for excessive confidence , which he said had set the company up for a painful fall in the global economic crisis .
He said last year that Toyota was “ grasping for salvation . ”
“ We have had fears for quite a while now that Toyota lacked the human resources and production capacity for such rapid expansion .
By chasing numbers , they were becoming seriously outstretched , ” said Masahiro Fukuda , manager of research at Fourin , a global automotive research company based in Nagoya , Japan .
“ Many of us were n’t surprised over the big recalls ; we were more surprised that it took Toyota so long . ”
Other analysts faulted Toyota ’s zealous pursuit of efficiency and cost-cutting .
“ The same parts were used here , there and everywhere , on major models , ” said Koji Endo , managing director at Japan Advanced Research , a Tokyo - based research organization .
“ That ’s very efficient , but very risky .
If the part turns out to be faulty , you suddenly have a problem on your hands involving millions of cars . ”
Now , halting its factories could have a “ tremendous impact ” on Toyota ’s bottom line , especially if the interruption drags on , Mr. Endo said .
“ Toyota will have to change the design of the gas pedal , get relevant approvals , set up production , then exchange parts for millions of cars on the road , cars sitting at dealerships and cars they were assembling at their factories , ” he said .
The new ranking puts Britain five places lower than a year ago , when we stood in 20th position , according to The Quality of Life Index , produced by International Living Magazine .
Feinberg says Allison ’s office told him to consult officials at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York .
Those at the Fed were even more insistent that Feinberg make exceptions for A.I.G. , according to Feinberg and to a senior official at the New York Fed who refused to be named because of a policy that no official can speak on the record about these matters .
The New York Fed is a Wall Street institution whose officials , perhaps more than any others on the public payroll , inhabit the world of Wall Street bankers and lawyers .
( For example , the law firm advising Citigroup and General Motors in the Feinberg negotiations — Davis Polk & Wardwell — is also counseling the New York Fed on TARP matters related to A.I.G. , at rates of $ 305 to $ 1,055 per hour , according to the retainer agreement . )
In a little - noticed section of a report he issued in October , Neil Barofsky , the Treasury Department ’s TARP inspector general , wrote that the New York Fed actually worked with A.I.G. after its 2008 bailout to set up another generous bonus arrangement for other A.I.G. executives .
( Geithner was president of the New York Fed at the time , but he has said he did not become aware of the details of the A.I.G. bonus plans until March 2009 , by which time he was at Treasury . )
That Fed - blessed bonus plan nearly mirrored the 75 - percent guarantee of 2007 bonuses that ignited the firestorm over compensation in the first place .
As the standoff over the A.I.G. stock continued , a New York Fed official told Feinberg that the Fed had done its own analysis of the stock and concluded that with all the bailout debt and other obligations , the common stock was , indeed , worthless , according to Feinberg and one person at Treasury who worked on the matter but was not authorized to speak .
( Asked if they had done this analysis , Jack Gutt , a New York Fed spokesman , said that Fed officials would “ not speak on the record about that or anything to do with these issues . ” )
Finally , a compromise was suggested that Feinberg agreed to : The A.I.G. executives would get a form of “ phantom ” salarized stock that would reflect the value of onlyfour A.I.G. operating units that made money and had not been part of the company ’s downfall — according to a formula to be worked out by the Fed and A.I.G .
Moreover , the phantom stock would not reflect the $ 180 billion dollars in loans and purchases of preferred stock that the taxpayers had extended and that had to be paid back , nor any losses at other A.I.G. units .
This seemed a reasonable way to create , in Kelly ’s words , a stock that her people would see value in .
But it does present the paradox of the top executives of a company , including its chief financial officer , declaring behind closed doors that its real stock is worthless to its employees — with the Treasury Department and Federal Reserve Bank agreeing — even as the rest of the world is buying and selling it for $ 40 or $ 50 .
( As of last week the stock was trading at about $ 29 , a decline largely attributed in the business press to the growing realization that A.I.G. ’s overall equity value was , indeed , unlikely ever to exceed its debt to the government . )
Thus , the A.I.G. executives who had n’t received the cash retention bonuses got cash salaries of $ 450,000 and between $ 3 million and $ 4 million in this phantom salarized stock .
As for Herzog , the chief financial officer , and the seven other A.I.G. executives who took the 2009 cash retention bonuses and would n’t give them back , Feinberg pointedly gave them cash salaries ranging from $ 100,000 to $ 450,000 and nothing else .
MANAGING EXPECTATIONS
Seen simply through a business lens , the Fed and Treasury people were arguably right to restrain Feinberg .
Why obsess over $ 20 million or $ 30 million in extra payouts at businesses that have billions in other expenses and where the government had billions at risk ?
What if some of those people really did leave ?
Even if replacing them would just cause a hiccup or two , the risk was n’t worth it .
But Feinberg did not see the issues involved in isolation from what Barney Frank calls “ maintaining the public ’s confidence in our capacity to govern . ”
In fact , as Feinberg began planning to release his decisions on Oct. 22 , his principal fear , he told me , was that despite the cuts in compensation he had made and despite his reliance on measurements of long - term performance , giving out millions to each of these executives would generate a new wave of public anger .
So he approached the drafting of the decisions , which would be released publicly , as more of a political challenge than a regulatory exercise , making sure that each decision first recounted in detail what the company had initially requested and then outlined all the ways he was ruling against them .
There was no hint of the multiple discussions that took place after the proposals were filed — after which most companies amended their demands and ultimately , if grudgingly , came to terms with the decisions Feinberg was going to render .
“ Only mentioning our original proposals and then knocking them down was really clever , ” one bank negotiator says .
The tiny arctic tern makes the longest migration of any animal in the world , flying about two times farther than previously thought , a new study says .
Miniature new transmitters recently revealed that the 4 - ounce ( 113 - gram ) bird follows zigzagging routes between Greenland and Antarctica each year .
In the process , the arctic tern racks up about 44,000 frequent flier miles ( 71,000 kilometers ) — edging out its archrival , the sooty shearwater , by roughly 4,000 miles ( 6,440 kilometers ) .
( See map at right : Green represents autumn / southward migration ; red denotes winter range ; and yellow represents spring / northward journey . )
" There have been all kinds of theories , but now , for the first time , we 've been able to show what the birds are doing out there , " said the lead author of the study , Carsten Egevang of the Greenland Institute of Natural Resources .
Since the birds often live 30 years or more , the researchers estimate that , over its lifetime , an arctic tern migrates about 1.5 million miles ( 2.4 million kilometers ) — equal to three trips to the moon and back .
Tiny Tech Gets Its Tern
Until recently , only larger birds could be followed using tracking devices , because the gadgets were too big and heavy to attach to small birds .
But the team used a tiny tracker developed by the British Antarctic Survey , which weighs just a twentieth of an ounce ( 1.4 grams ) — light enough for an Arctic tern to carry on a band around its leg .
Egevang was surprised to find that the birds often stop for a month in the open North Atlantic Ocean , probably to " fuel up " on fish and small crustaceans before setting off to cross the tropics .
Arctic terns also follow a zigzagging route on their spring trips back to Greenland .
Rather than flying straight up the middle of the Atlantic , the birds hopscotch from Antarctica to Africa to South America to the Arctic .
But there 's a method to their madness .
" It 's a detour of several thousand kilometers , " Egevang said .
" But when you analyze it , it makes perfect sense . "
The birds appear to be following huge spiraling wind patterns in the atmosphere , avoiding flying into the wind , he said .
Regardless of the route , no one 's sure why arctic terns have such a long migration in the first place .
" My gut feeling , " Egevang said , " is that it 's because of the rich [ polar ] feeding grounds that they travel so far . "
Findings published this week in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
RELATED
I have just received confirmation from a very credible Congressional source that the bill to audit the Federal Reserve is included in the House financial reform legislation which passed today .
My source says :
The Fed audit provision which passed the Financial Services Committee a few weeks ago is part of the bill .
This is a real milestone , as it means that the full House of Representatives has passed a bill that mandates a complete audit of the Fed .
The effort to audit the Fed – supported by 79 % of the American people – is gaining traction .
Call your Senator and demand that the Senate approve the bill to audit the Fed .
Computer scientists in the US have discovered ways to " re-identify " the names of people included in supposedly anonymous datasets .
In one example , a movie rental company released an anonymous list of film - ratings taken from its 500,000 subscribers .
Using a statistical " de-anonymisation " technique , the academics were able to identify individuals and their film preferences .
The discovery raises concerns about how safe it is to release personal information – such as medical records or mobile phone data – even if details such as names or national insurance numbers have been removed .
There are fears the information could be accessed by criminals .
The discovery has led British researchers to raise the issue in a report they are writing for the European commission .
Dr Ian Brown , of the Oxford Internet Institute and a co-author , said the example of the film list was relatively trivial .
" But this raises concerns for more sensitive data such as medical records .
Epidemiologists say they could do interesting research if they had access to more anonymous data .
This shows it is difficult to do that in a way that can't be reversed . "
One concern is that criminals could identify individuals through mobile phone data and use the information to track people 's movements and find out when they are away from home .
" That is one worry .
Other people who you might worry about accessing that information include employers , insurers or the government .
There are a whole range of potential users , " Brown said .
Experts say the discovery that lists can be " de- anonymised " needs to be included in the debate about how information is released and where to draw the line .
But they also highlight the benefits of letting researchers and others access large datasets .
Last week Sir Tim Berners - Lee , inventor of the world wide web , launched a new website – data .
gov.uk – on which members of the public will be able to access information on crime rates , exam results , house prices and more .
" They are talking about non-personal data , " said Brown .
" But another thing they are looking at releasing is crime reports down to street level .
You have to think about how people might be able to link that back to individuals . "
William Heath , founder of Ctrl - Shift , which specialises in how personal data are used , said : " If you take it in the light of Friday 's news about data .
gov.uk , the government has clearly done something really good to make public data available .
Now they need a more enlightened approach to personal data , but you can't simply say anonymised data can be safely made public because it is clear how hard it is truly to anonymise data . "
Roche , the manufacturer of Tamiflu , has made it impossible for scientists to assess how well the anti-flu drug stockpiled around the globe works by withholding the evidence the company has gained from trials , doctors alleged today .
A major review of what data there is in the public domain has found no evidence Tamiflu can prevent healthy people with flu from suffering complications such as pneumonia .
Tamiflu may shorten the bout of illness by a day or so , the investigators say , but it is impossible to know whether it prevents severe disease because the published data is insufficient .
Roche has failed to make some of the studies carried out on the drug publicly available , the scientists say .
" Governments around the world have spent billions of pounds on a drug that the scientific community now finds itself unable to judge , " said Dr Fiona Godlee , editor of the British Medical Journal , which published the new review online and collaborated in a joint investigation with Channel 4 News , shown this evening .
Roche has made a fortune out of the drug , with sales of £ 1.6 bn this year alone .
The British government has stockpiled enough for half the population .
In the review , Professor Chris Del Mar , from Bond University in Australia , analysed 20 published trials that focused on prevention , treatment and adverse reactions .
The authors say they were hampered by the " paucity of good data " .
The reviewers were forced to leave out eight trials because they had not been published , and Roche offered them " under conditions we thought unacceptable , and what was offered to us was insufficient to analyse properly . "
Because they did not have full access to all the trials , the reviewers say previous evidence on the effects of Tamiflu and other drugs of this class ( the neuraminidase inhibitors ) may be unreliable .
They call on governments to set up studies to monitor the drugs for safety .
A second review was carried out in the UK at Birmingham University by Professor Nick Freemantle and Dr Melanie Calvert , who analysed a series of observational studies Roche provided .
( These are studies of people who took the drugs , but without a comparison group of people who did not take them .
Although the reviewers had doubts about the data , they say it is possible Tamiflu reduced the risk of pneumonia .
But if so , the benefit was small and there were side - effects to consider .
Freemantle said he saw " very little evidence to support the widespread use of oseltamivir in the otherwise healthy population who are developing signs of influenza - like illness . "
He added : " We have remarkably few resources in this country to spend on pharmaceuticals on health , and it is surprising to see such widespread use of oseltamivir .
But I suppose that once you 've gone and bought lots of doses , then it 's a bit like the situation with gun control in the US .
If you have a gun in the house , it is much easier to use it .
But it does not mean it 's the right thing to do . "
Dr Godlee and Professor Mike Clarke , director of the UK Cochrane Centre , call in the BMJ for new global legislation to ensure all trial data on drugs that have been granted a licence must be published in full .
Roche said in a response that it firmly believed in the robustness of the data .
The company said governments and licensing authorities had been given access to all the trial information .
Roche has now undertaken to put summaries of all the Tamiflu study data on a password - protected site .
QR Code Link to This Post
Location : interoffice memo
it 's NOT ok to contact this poster with services or other commercial interests
I 'm just curious if you know this -- guys will do pretty much anything in order to play with your boobs .
You know this already , right ?
Sometimes I wonder , given all the emotional and logistical acrobatics you go through .
In fact , if you end your MC posts with ... " oh , and you can play with my boobs , too , " you 'll most likely find what you 're looking for .
That 's when the real misery and disappointment begins , however , but that 's outside the scope of this quick , heartfelt , holiday memo .
Okay .
Carry on .
Love , Michael
Here 's a news report from summer of this year ( August , I think ) on the Cia - Cia language , a language that received some attention this year for its decision to use Korean hangul as its official script .
The orthography for the language is as follows :
Consonants
ㄱ
ㄲ
ㄴ
ㄷ
ㅌ
ㄸ
ㄹ
ᄙ*
ㅁ
ㅂ
ㅸ
ㅍ
ㅃ
ㅅ
ㅇ**
ㅈ
ㅉ
ㅎ
romanized
g
k
n
d
dh
t
r ~ gh , l
m
b
v ~ w
bh
p
s
null , ’ , ng
j
c
h
IPA
[ ɡ]
[ k ]
[ n ]
[ ɗ]
[ d ]
[ t ]
[r ~ ʁ , l ]
[ m ]
[ ɓ]
[ β]
[ b ]
[ p ]
[ s ]
[- , ʔ , ŋ ]
[ d ʒ ]
[ tʃ ]
[ h ]
Vowels
ㅏ
ㅔ
ㅗ
ㅜ
ㅣ
ㅡ
romanized
a
e
o
u
i
null
tʃ ( English ch ) sound in Cia -Cia .
Chia-chia , not jjia - jjia .
What 's interesting about this is that hangul is now a more accurate representation of the way the language is actually spoken than Korean itself , because though hangul is generally pretty easy to read it is n't a perfect representation of Korean - 조건 ( term ) for example is actually pronounced 조껀 , the ㅎ in 싫어 ( hate ) is silent , so is the ㄹ in 흙 ( earth ) , and so on , so some people actually do make spelling mistakes in Korean as well .
That 's what happens when a writing system is adopted but then the spoken language changes over time .
Also note that the woman in the news broadcast pronounces it as Bahasa Jjiajjia ( since ㅉ in Korean is like a doubled j ) but ㅉ actually represents aMost languages choose to go with the Latin alphabet when devising a script , but the Korean government seems very taken by the idea of a language choosing to use hangul and so they are now receiving some preferential treatment from the Korean government including a trip from Dec. 21 to 26 to Seoul for nine people from the tribe ( I assume the Korean / Seoul city government is paying for this ) where they will hold a meeting with the mayor .
Going with the Latin alphabet likely would have simply earned them a visit from a few dusty scholars and little else ( certainly no media attention ) , so the extensive hands - on support and attention they are receiving from Korea after choosing to use hangul probably makes it worth it .
Here 's the location of the city .
The web of known parties guilty of fraud , coercion , or securities manipulation keeps getting bigger .
Please consider N.Y. Fed Told A.I.G. Not to Disclose Swap Details .
Starting in November 2008 , the Federal Reserve Bank of New York under Timothy Geithner began urging American International Group , the huge insurer that the government had bailed out , to limit disclosure on payments made to banks at the height of the financial crisis , e-mail messages obtained by DealBook show .
The e-mail exchange between the bailed - out insurance giant and its regulator portray a strange reversal of roles , with A.I.G. staff arguing for the disclosure of certain details on payments for credit - default swaps to major banks , only to be discouraged by officials at , or representing , the Federal Reserve .
In a draft of one regulatory filing , A.I.G. stated that it had paid banks — including Goldman Sachs Group , Merrill Lynch , Société Générale and Deutsche Bank — the full value of C.D.O. ’s , or collateralized debt obligations , that they had bought from the company .
In the response to that draft from the law firm Davis Polk and Wardwell , which represented the New York Fed , that crucial sentence was crossed out , and did not appear in the final version filed on Dec. 24 , 2008 .
In a March 12 e-mail message whose subject line is “ Fw : counterparties ” — importance : “ high ” — Kathleen Shannon , a senior vice president at A.I.G. , writes :
“ In order to make only the disclosure the Fed wants us to make , which we understand to be to not include the CUSIPs or Tranche names and give the amounts by counterparty on a total rather than a transaction by transaction basis , we need to have a reasonable basis for believing and arguing to the SEC that the information we are seeking to protect is not already publicly available . ”
The messages were initially obtained by Representative Darrell Issa , Republican of California and ranking member of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee , and first reported by Bloomberg News .
“ It appears that the New York Fed deliberately pressured AIG to restrict and delay the disclosure of important information to the S.E.C. , ” Representative Issa said in an e-mailed statement .
Mr. Geithner , for his part , has defended the A.I.G. rescue , saying he had no choice but to pay full value on the credit default swaps in order to avoid a panic .
Geithner Allowed To Defend Himself
April 24 , 2009
July 17 , 2009
October 20 , 2009
We at Sociological Images are having fun with forms lately ( see here and here ) .
This time the fun is thanks to Bri A. who sent us some screen shots from the website Trillian .
Against heteronormativity , you can choose your sexual orientation .
If you choose female and gay , you are represented by two side - by - side female symbols ( on the right ) :
However , if you choose straight , you are n’t represented by a male and female symbol , you ’re just represented by a female symbol :
This reveals that straight is the default ( without a male by her side , everyone assumes she ’s straight ) , and gay is the different , odd , marked category .
Bri then added “ in a relationship ” and noticed that , despite choosing gay and female , the “ in a relationship ” icon featured a man and a woman :
Oops .
Heteronormatity is back !
And , if she clicked “ single , ” the icon simply represented her as a man :
Presumably all people are represented by a male figure .
And we ca n’t even pretend that it ’s neutral and supposed to represent “ person , ” because the “ in a relationship icon ” clearly includes a male and a female figure .
What ’s funny is that these seem like really easy problems to fix , but either no has noticed or no one cares .
For more posts on default and marked figures , see our posts on traffic lights with female figures , stick figures and stick figures who parent , and default avatars .
The German Office Chair Racing Championship was held in Bad Koenig - Zell , Germany , on Saturday , April 25 , 2009 .
Seventy participants took a chance and brought their office chair out into the sunshine and put it through its paces .
The race down Odenwaelder street was mainly downhill and involved starting on a steep ramp and racing over another ramp .
The only uniform rule was a crash helmet , which many participants needed .
Dozens of racers fell off their chairs , and many chairs did n’t make it to the end of the 170 - meter race .
We Recommend :
A short schedule , minimal crew , no budget , a RED with an untried software build , and a trained dog in nearly every shot .
What could go wrong ?
AUTHOR ’S NOTE : I ’ve gotten some complaints from people who have found this short film offensive .
I get that it ’s not everyone ’s sense of humor , but I ’m proud of my work on it and I ’m not ashamed to show it off .
Having said that , if you do n’t have a strong offbeat sense of humor , and if you are a little squeamish about odd sexual themes , DON ’T CONTINUE .
While this film is n’t graphically sexual ( except for the end credits , which contain some interesting historical artwork ) it implies a lot .
If you do n’t find the picture above even a little funny then please move on to another article .
Just for the record , this film took Grand Prize at the 2009 Goodby , Silverstein & Partners Annual Film Festival .
Once in a while a project comes along that makes me say “ How could I NOT do this ? ”
This short film was such a project .
The director and producer found me on the Internet and asked me to meet them for coffee and a chat .
We got on very well and six weeks later ( August of 2009 ) we started a two day shoot with a borrowed RED , a bunch of free lights , and a dedicated cast of very talented actors .
This was a study in lighting quickly and moving fast , two things that happen regularly on low - budget projects and anything containing animals .
By embracing what ’s available , and framing pretty shots , the lack of equipment and crew can be largely overcome .
Simply placing the camera in the right place , with the right lens , is probably the most powerful tool we have as cinematographers : the frame is the conduit through which the story is told , so finding the right perspective is extremely important .
It ’s also the easiest thing to do .
Lighting is extraordinarily important as well , but as lighting tools can be limited on low - budget productions it ’s important to prioritize .
The best of both worlds is finding a lighting setup that works for the entire space , or most of the space , and then focusing on finding good shots that work within that lighting setup .
If most of your lighting is set up in advance , and coverage merely requires moving the camera around , you ’re going to be very popular with the director , producer and cast .
We shot this on a privately - owned RED ONE camera .
This was the first time I ’d used Build 20 to shoot a project , and I very much liked the new color science , even though I shot this entire project using daylight - balanced lights .
The color was prettier and more accurate , and the noise–when it cropped up –was no longer tinged with blue speckles .
I did learn that , up until now , I ’d led a charmed RED life as I ’d never had any significant problems with the camera .
On this one project , though , we had times when the white balance would change for no apparent reason and the camera would shut off when moved , requiring a lengthy reboot .
We did n’t lose any footage or any appreciable amount of time but it was definitely a different experience .
WARNING : The second half of the film contains graphic images that some may consider offensive .
If you are easily offended and / or do n’t have a sense of humor , please do n’t watch the end credits .
I ’ll start at the beginning of the film and work my way through , although this is not the order in which the film was shot .
Watch the film and then turn the page …
We shot this on day two , in a house in the Marina District of San Francisco .
It was at the top of two flights of stairs ( blech ! ) but it was a very nice home so dragging all the equipment upstairs was worth it .
Soft light from below the lens feels very “ ambient ” to me , so when I want to light a room quickly and in an interesting manner I ’ll bounce a light off a large piece of foam core placed somewhere below the lens axis .
This is a 1200w PAR aimed into a 4 ’ x4 ′ piece of foam core placed upright on the floor to the left of the camera .
The feel I ’m going for is that of sunlight coming through a window and bouncing upwards onto the fireplace .
I did n’t have the tools or space to create a nice hard shaft of sunlight so I did n’t bother trying ; but I had more than enough to reproduce the feel of hard sunlight bouncing around a room .
The lighting setup for this room was pretty simple :
I wanted the light to appear as if it was coming from the window but I also wanted a source with some directionality to it .
I did n’t have much of a crew , or enough grip equipment , or even enough space , to properly shape a large light source , so I opted instead to use a smaller more reflective option : a 2’x3 ′ piece of foam core covered with Reflectix .
I ’ve written about Reflectix before : it ’s water heater insulation , available at your local hardware store or anywhere online where you might buy supplies for your massive interior pot farm .
It ’s highly reflective but with a textured surface , so while it ’s a very shiny source it casts a soft “ messy ” shadow .
In a case like this , shooting in a small room with nowhere to put a forest of C - stands and flags , using a smaller soft source that cuts itself is a very practical way to work .
For example , in order to keep light off the back wall , all one has to do is rotate the card slightly in the opposite direction .
It ’s also easy to rig , as the card can be grabbed with a C - stand arm at full extension , keeping the base of the stand out of the shot .
An alternate method might have been to rig a Kino Flo onto the C - stand , but that is a very different quality of light with different fall - off characteristics .
I used a Kino Flo in just this way for one setup , but I ’ll get to that in a bit .
I remember this as being lit with natural light , but when I look at the right wall it appears there ’s a Kino Flo on the floor .
I love the actor ’s reflection in the picture on the wall .
Notice the amount of fill light that is falling onto his back from the top of the bed .
Remember that : we ’ll revisit it a bit later .
Right now I ’m going through a phase where I ’m very much trying to control how I expose footage with the RED , in order to make for consistent dailies and ease of color grading .
While shooting this project , though , I opted fully for the “ expose to the right ” method : rather than filling with more light I simply opened up the exposure as far as I could without clipping a detailed highlight and let the ambient light do its thing .
Ambient fill has a definite feel and it ’s not right for every project , but as the director wanted a very natural and real look , and since we were moving very quickly , this technique felt like the right way to go .
By watching the raw data exposure bar graph and zebras it ’s very easy to push your exposure right to the edge of clipping .
The bad news is that , while shots within a scene or lighting setup are consistent , exposures between scenes can vary dramatically and require entirely different color grades in post .
It did provide the “ thickest negative ” possible on the RED , which is always good as it keeps shadow detail above the noise floor .
In a scene like this I took the curtains right to the edge of clipping and used the ambient lighting for fill .
For this setup this approach worked very , very well .
If the lighting is already there then there ’s no need to mess it up .
The kitchen was a little difficult to figure out .
Originally I tried using an HMI PAR to create the quantity of light that I wanted because I was concerned that the window to the left would become overly bright as the sun moved around to that side of the house .
Rather than start off with a small light and then find myself in a bind when the sun started blasting through the window , I tried to use a large light so I could quickly deal with brightness changes .
I could n’t quite get the look or the control that I wanted by using such a big light in a small space so I ended up putting a 4 ’ x4 tube daylight Kino Flo on the kitchen counter , standing it vertically against a wall just outside the left of frame .
You can see a little bit of spill from the light on the kitchen counter .
I pushed the flesh tone exposure as high as I could , for a nice thick “ negative , ” and let the ambient fill do its thing .
The quality and direction of the fill light is n’t perfect , as it would have been if I ’d filled from the key side or from somewhere near the lens , but this project did n’t want to look “ perfect . ”
I would have needed a lot of negative fill , mostly on the ceiling , to accomplish that “ perfect ” look , and I did n’t have the time , crew or resources .
I really like this frame .
The refrigerator in the background is lit by warm bounce off the floor .
There ’s a 575w HMI in the back left corner of the room bouncing off the warm wood floor to light the dog .
One problem when working with animals is the trainer often has to stand somewhere near the camera to cue the dog , and that can be problematic in small spaces .
For this shot the only place the trainer could be was in front of the light source , so we used a Power Window to brighten the dog ’s face .
The eye light is from the Kino Flo placed on the kitchen counter .
It ’s kind of like “ My Dinner with Andre , ” only shorter and with less conversation .
The arch in the doorway was a blessing for this shot as it gave me plenty of room to hide lights .
The director wanted a bleak - but - real look and edge lighting the actor and the dog , with little or no fill , seemed like the right way to go .
When I looked at this shot later I panicked a little as the arch looks off level and I thought that either the camera was n’t level or there was an issue with the lens sitting properly on the camera .
( I ’m obsessive about leveling cameras so I thought I was losing my mind ! )
Closer examination shows that the camera was level but the walls of the building are leaning .
It ’s pretty clear from the moulding above the background windows that the building is settling down and to the left .
The only fill in the room is from a window on the dog ’s side of the table , and rather than block it I opted to work with it .
It gave the dog a little more of a “ pop . ”
Originally I wanted to do two little sconce light effects , one on each of the background posters , but one of my two 300w fresnels died and I could n’t match the look of the remaining 300w light with a 650w fresnel .
Instead I used two Kino Flos to give the walls a little bit of illumination .
In the future I ’ll probably light walls like this a little brighter , as there were very few bits utilized in imaging that dark tone and it ended up a bit noisy .
I protected the background window highlights just in case we wanted to see some detail outside , but we opted to put a Power Window around them and blow them out in post as that looked better .
I first tried a big source for this shot , but a 6 ’ x6 ′ grid cloth just off frame right was too big a light for the space .
It went everywhere .
A 4 ’x4 tube Kino Flo covered with light grid cloth worked perfectly .
We aimed the light away from the back wall in order to give it a little shape .
The back wall went orange in post instead of orange - ish red so we added a secondary color correction to fix it .
( Bonus trivia : men prefer reddish oranges , while women prefer blueish oranges .
It ’s a fact . )
The hallway illumination in the background is natural light from the living room .
We did the same thing for the dog ’s closeup .
The table gives a real sense of depth as it extends from beneath the lens all the way to the subject , where it catches the subject ’s reflection .
The flower vase provides a sense of geography and helps to unify the shots .
This shot was lit with two lights : one is a vertical 4 ’ x4 tube daylight Kino Flo down the hall to the right that lights the dog , and the other is a tweenie hidden on the floor to the right side of the door bouncing into an 8 1/2″ x11 ″ piece of typing paper behind the toilet .
The glow behind the toilet helps set the toilet off from the background , plus I was hoping to get a little bit of backlight on the urine stream .
( Yes , I tried to backlight a urine stream .
It ’s not really urine , it ’s water from a plastic bottle the actor is holding . )
The remaining light is from a small window over the toilet .
The predominant light source in this shot is a window over the bathroom toilet .
We put a flag in front of the bathroom door , just out of the left of frame , to eliminate that as a bounce surface and make the shadows on the actor ’s face a little deeper for this closeup .
He ’s still getting a lot of fill from the ceiling .
This shot was lit entirely by the Kino Flo sitting vertically on the floor of the hall about five feet out of left frame .
Once again , here ’s the lighting diagram for this shot ( you saw it earlier at the top of the page ) :
This lighting setup worked for all of our bedroom shots except for those that were silhouetted against the window .
I exposed the scene by pushing the white pillow highlights to the edge of clipping .
In the closeup I actually clipped the blue channel a touch but as the other channels held plenty of detail it was completely unnoticeable .
( Clipping one of the RED ONE ’s color channels usually is n’t a big deal .
Clipping two is a big deal . )
At least the scene you ’ve been waiting for :
The Reflectix gag described above worked for most of the bedroom shots , but for the shots facing the window I needed a different gag .
The director wanted complete silhouette , but I wanted to wrap a little of the window light around the talents ’ heads to bring out a little bit of facial detail and give them some depth .
Here ’s the lighting setup :
I ’m simply extending the window “ source ” around a bit more than normal .
Adding sources to a naturally - lit scene , while preserving the natural look , can be very tricky .
The best method I ’ve found is to simply extend or cheat the existing sources as much as necessary .
It ’s a little bit like keying from the fill side : I ’m extending the wrap of an existing source , and since my second light is coming from much the same direction as the first light they tend to blend and compliment each other rather than conflict .
Here you can see the subtle reflections cast by the Kino Flos , both in the top and bottom of the dog ’s snout and the actor ’s cheek and chin .
We crushed the shadows a little bit in the color grade while boosting the highlights , which gives the highlight “ shines ” a mild bleach bypass feel .
This sequence was shot at 3 k , 50 fps for dramatic effect .
Originally we smeared peanut butter to the side of the actor ’s mouth but the dog ’s licking did n’t look right , so the actor put a big dollop of peanut butter on his tongue and said “ Leth shoot ! ” THAT ’S dedication to one ’s craft .
Never underestimate the power of negative fill .
We covered the bed ’s white duvet with a blank furniture pad to eliminate a ton of ambience bounce light .
That ’s it for the beginning of the film / day two .
Turn the page for the end of the film , shot on day one …
This sequence was shot on day one at a location halfway across San Francisco from the first day ’s location .
This was the project ’s very first shot , and it ’s a shot I really enjoy from an operating standpoint .
I really enjoy how the animal control officer leans out from behind the cop , but I love the primarily vertical move that follows the cop as he approaches the door .
During rehearsal I found a frame that worked for the end of the shot , but during the move I did n’t frame to accommodate the animal control officer at all .
I framed the cop so that he would land in the right place for the end composition , and then I let the animal control officer land in his proper place without moving the camera .
By framing for the final composition early , as the cop advances , and leaving the frame unbalanced in anticipation of the other actor stepping into his final mark , I created a much stronger shot than if I ’d moved the camera around and tried to keep everyone in the frame .
Creating an unbalanced composition creates tension , and letting the actors settle into their proper positions over time , without constantly trying to find a balanced frame , gradually releases that tension .
I thought this subtle touch helped create more tension in an already emotionally tense scene .
Compositions do n’t happen only in space ; they also happen over time .
I think this is a great example of a composition whose every frame may not work as a still but that pays off over the course of the shot .
Half of camera operating is knowing when NOT to move the camera .
The only lighting in this shot is a bounce card taped to a window just off frame right .
You can see it light the cops cheek and give his face a touch more modeling as he approaches the door .
I love soft light sources that interact with actors and objects as they move through a space .
It creates a greater sense of space and depth in a 2D image .
During the location scout I discovered that the sun would set directly down the entryway of the house ( thanks to Suunto and Sun Path ) .
We decided to start shooting at around 2 pm and do all of our east - facing shots while the sun was too high for front light but was perfectly positioned for backlight .
All of our shots facing out of the house ( the cops , looking out the house door , the woman on the street ) were shot between 2 - 4 pm .
When the sun was low enough to provide flattering front light on faces we turned around , at about 4 pm , and shot the rest ( the wide shot of the house , the lead actor waving at the woman , the lead actor in the doorway with the dog , etc. ) .
We shot our way out of the house early in the afternoon and then worked our way back in as the sun went down .
We really had to race , though , because while the sun set in such a way that it lit the front door of the house until it was gone , the rest of the street fell into shade very quickly .
For example ,
This was among our last shots of the day , and you can see the sun is nearly gone .
It ’s hitting the actor but not the dog .
A rectangular Power Window around the dog allowed us to brighten the dog enough that the lack of sunlight striking him is n’t really noticeable .
This was our second shot of the project .
The hot streak of light on the dog is pretty cool , and it ’s a complete accident .
It ’s reflected off an outside window .
I added a little bit of fill here by bouncing a 1200w HMI PAR into the wall and ceiling over the camera .
The idea was to lift the shadows just enough to see what was going on , but not enough to feel lit .
If you look at the top of the actor ’s arm you get the sense that the light was coming from above .
Ideally the light would have come from below the lens , as that ’s where reflected sunlight would have normally come from , but we did n’t have the technology to get that much light into that small a space .
The 1200W PAR was placed around the hallway ’s 90 - degree turn into the living room as there was n’t enough room in the hallway for myself , the camera , the camera assistant and the talent .
The direction of the fill light is n’t that critical here , though , because the dimmer a light is the less you can discern its direction and quality .
That ’s not to say that you can be sloppy , but fill lights or underexposed key lights can be cheated more easily because they create less contrast than bright sources do .
Contrasty scenes require more precise light placement than low contrast or dark scenes .
The little bit of light reflecting onto the underside of the actors face , and giving him a little bit of facial modeling , is from a 2 ’ x3 ′ bounce card laid on the ground just outside the door , in the sunlight .
While we had sun for most of this shot , the fog was starting to roll in and the exposure changed a bit during this take .
Our colorist added a ramp to even out the worst of it , and he did a great job .
This shot was done entirely with natural light , and worked out so well because we calculated the sun ’s path in preproduction and opted to take advantage of it .
This shot , too , was all natural light .
For the first take I tried to light up a little of the hallway , just to open the shadows a little , and it did n’t work at all so I turned the light out .
The shadows on the actor ’s face are natural , a result of the number of power lines crisscrossing the average San Francisco street .
We did this shot at 2 k , 120 fps just as we were losing the sun off the house .
The colorist created another ramp that brightened the dog as he entered the shade .
If I were shooting with a baked - in camera I ’d try to do a stop pull , but on the RED it ’s better to let the exposure go and track it in post , where it can be finessed .
This assumes that the shadow portion of the shot is n’t horribly underexposed , which could result in a change of noise quality as the shadows are boosted .
I pushed the exposure as far to the right as possible in order to ensure good shadow density .
When I first watched the 2 k footage in REDCine I was worried about how soft it looked .
I ’m happy to say that Spy Post ’s processing of this footage eliminated most of that softness .
The difference in sharpness between this shot and the others was minimal in the telecine suite , and that ’s where it looks the best it ever will .
This sequence was the last east - facing shot of the day .
We shot everything facing outward , toward the cops and moving out of the house into the street , and after these shots we turned around for our big wide shot and worked our way back in .
There ’s no fill on this other than sunlight bouncing off the row of houses lining the street–and that ambient fill looks quite good .
We rolled on the dog for several minutes and just let it do what it wanted to do .
That ’s the advantage of shooting HD : you can roll and roll and roll and not worry about missing that perfect moment .
This is our wide reveal shot .
The shaving cream and toilet paper are real ; the spray paint was added in post .
The producer was tempted to create actual graffiti but elected not to as it was his uncle ’s house and he did n’t want the neighbors to gossip .
We ’re starting to play “ beat the sun ” in this shot .
You can see it ’s already creeping up the sidewalk and we have n’t started getting our reverse angles yet .
Fortunately none of the reverses required much , if any , lighting –something we discovered , and planned for , on the scout .
You can work really quickly if the lighting is in place and all you have to do is move the camera around .
There ’s a small bounce card just off frame left , but that ’s it for lighting .
The sun is in a great position , and while it ’s not quite getting into the actor ’s eyes his face is modeled very nicely .
I love this frame .
It ’s dynamic and it carries him all the way from the front door to his end position without a single framing adjustment .
I was truly fortunate to have a location that offered such beautiful natural light , along with a producer and director who were happy to plan our schedule around my lighting needs .
As a result we moved very , very quickly , and completed this sequence in about six hours .
That might be considered a bit slow normally but as my entire camera / grip / electric crew consisted of a camera assistant and two PA ’s that were intermittently available I think we did remarkably well .
This was a very satisfying experience , not just because the cast and crew were a lot of fun but because we did some nice work very simply and quickly .
I used to love assisting and operating on episodic television shows because it never got boring : I was always moving , always thinking , always trying to figure out how to squeeze a little more out of the shot .
At the end of the day it was fun to look back and think about how much shooting we ’d done in such a short time , and how nice it looked overall .
That ’s how I felt at the end of this shoot : proud that we ’d done such nice work so quickly and with so little .
Thanks are due to my camera assistant Jamie Metzger , second day gaffer Chris Galdes , and especially to the director and producer who I wo n’t name yet as they do n’t want this short film popping up in Google searches while they ’re submitting it to film festivals .
( They ’re listed in the credits . )
Thanks especially to colorist Cary Burens of Spy Post for doing a great job grading this project .
Art Adams is a DP who works doggedly to improve his reel .
His web site is at www.artadams.net.
Jan. 28 , 2010  --
The Siachen Glacier is home to the world 's highest crisis region .
Here , at 6,000 meters ( 19,680 feet ) above sea level , Indian and Pakistani soldiers face off , ensconced in heavily armed positions .
The ongoing border dispute between the two nuclear powers has already claimed the lives of 4,000 men -- most of them having died of exposure to the cold .
Now the Himalayan glacier is also at the center of a scientific dispute .
In its current report , the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) predicts that the glacier , which is 71 kilometers ( 44 miles ) long , could disappear by 2035 .
It also predicts that the other 45,000 glaciers in the world 's highest mountain range will be virtually gone by then , with drastic consequences for billions of people in Asia , whose life depends on water that originates in the Himalayas .
The IPCC report led environmental activists to sound the alarm about a drama that could be unfolding at the " world 's third pole . "
" This prognosis is , of course , complete nonsense , " says John Shroder , a geologist and expert on glaciers at the University of Nebraska in Omaha .
The results of his research tell a completely different story .
For the past three decades , the US glaciologist has been traversing the majestic mountains of the Himalayan region , particularly the Karakorum Range , with his measuring instruments .
The discoveries he has made along the way are not consistent with the assessment long held by the IPCC .
" While many glaciers are shrinking , others are stable and some are even growing , " says Shroder .
Untenable Claim
The gaffe over the Himalayan glaciers has triggered an outcry in the world of climatology .
Some are already using the word " Glaciergate " in reference to the scandal over a scientifically untenable claim in the fourth IPCC assessment report , which the UN climate body publishes every five years .
The fourth assessment report was originally published in 2007 .
Last week , the IPCC withdrew the erroneous claim and apologized for the error .
German Environment Minister Norbert Röttgen , a member of the center - right Christian Democratic Union ( CDU ) , is also upset about the incident .
" The error in the IPCC report is serious and should not have happened , " Röttgen told SPIEGEL .
" Scientific accuracy is a vital condition to support the credibility of the political conclusions we draw as a result . "
Although the minister still has confidence in the overall validity of the IPCC report , he wants to see " a thorough investigation into how the error originated and was communicated . "
But why was n't this clearly nonsensical claim noticed long ago by at least one of the 3,000 scientists who contributed to the IPCC report ?
" What 's really amazing is that such a blunder remained uncorrected for so long , " says Shroder .
To err is human , say IPCC officials like Ottmar Edenhofer of the Potsdam Institute for Climate Impact Research .
" We should n't question the credibility of an almost 3,000 - page report because of one error . "
But other climatologists are calling for consequences .
They insist that IPCC Chairman and Nobel laureate Rajendra Pachauri is no longer acceptable as head of the panel , particularly because of his personal involvement in the affair .
" Pachauri should resign , so as to avert further damage to the IPCC , " says German climatologist Hans von Storch .
" He used the argument of the supposed threat to the Himalayan glacier in his personal efforts to raise funds for research . "
Storch claims that the Indian - born scientist did not order the retraction of the erroneous prediction until it had generated considerable public pressure .
' Best of My Abilities '
Pachauri , for his part , rejects calls for his resignation .
" I have a commitment to successfully complete the Fifth Assessment Report , a commitment that I am certainly not willing to set aside , " the IPCC chairman said .
The prognosis drama began in 1999 .
The theory of the disappearance of the Himalayan glaciers by 2035 first appeared in an article in the British popular magazine New Scientist , for which Indian glaciologist Syed Hasnain was interviewed .
As it turned out , the specification of the year 2035 was the result of a simple mistake .
In an article published three years earlier , Russian glaciologist Vladimir Kotlyakov did in fact predict a massive decline in the area covered by glaciers , but not until the year 2350 .
" All of the IPCC 's peer - review procedures failed , " says Canadian geographer Graham Cogley .
Indian scientist Hasnain 's ties to the IPCC chairman have triggered a public relations crisis .
The glaciologist now works at The Energy and Resources Institute ( TERI ) in New Delhi , whose director is none other than Rajendra Pachauri .
Could this explain why Pachauri suppressed the error in the Himalaya passage of the IPCC report for so long ?
The erroneous prediction of a precipitous end for the Himalayan glaciers was already revealed in November , when a glaciologist working for the Indian environment ministry presented a study on Himalayan glaciers that arrived at completely different conclusions than the IPCC report .
But Pachauri dismissed the new study as " voodoo science . "
Sloppiness
In mid-January , the New Scientist confessed to its own sloppiness , exactly one day after IPCC Chairman Pachauri and his glacier expert Hasnain had announced a joint venture involving TERI , Iceland and the United States to study the Himalayan glaciers , with half a million dollars in funding from the New York - based Carnegie Foundation .
" Perhaps Pachauri was so hesitant to look into the matter because he was trying to protect the research projects being conducted by his own institute , " says climate statistician Storch .
Pachauri , however , claims that he was simply pressed for time : " Everybody in the IPCC was terribly preoccupied with planning for several events that were to take place in Copenhagen , " he said , referring to the climate change summit held in the Danish capital in December .
Toyota , the world 's largest automaker , also contributed $ 80,000 to TERI .
Last week the Japanese company was awarded the $ 1.5 million ( €1.05 million ) " Zayed Future Energy Prize " for its Prius hybrid car .
Pachauri was the chairman of the jury , but he explains that he temporarily suspended his chairmanship because of his consulting activities .
Nevertheless , he did manage to praise Toyota at the awards ceremony in Abu Dhabi , saying that the company deserves " the fullest appreciation " for bringing about a radical shift in technology .
Unfortunately , the questions about the IPCC and its president come at a time when the credibility of climatologists has already suffered , partly as a result of the theft of confidential e-mail messages written by scientists , the content of which has led critics to claim that data were manipulated .
Although none of these incidents negate the evidence supporting climate change , facts ceased to be the focus of the acrimonious debate long ago .
Instead , it now revolves around questions of belief .
' Criticism Has Become Fashionable '
" Confidence in the authority of the science of climatology is currently eroding in the public consciousness , " says Roger Pielke Jr. , an American social economist and expert on natural disasters .
Environmental economist Richard
Tol agrees , saying : " Criticism of climate research has become fashionable . "
And the British science journal Nature warns that climatologists can no longer assume that solid evidence alone will convince the public .
New Ammunition from an E - Mail Scandal
For years , malaria expert Paul Reiter of the Paris - based Pasteur Institute has criticized the warning , as expressed in the third IPCC report , that climate change will lead to the spread of malaria , saying that there is no evidence to support such a claim .
Reiter accuses many climatologists of perceiving themselves too strongly as activists who are more interested in spreading an alarmist message .
Scientists already feel that the second part of the IPCC report , which addresses the consequences of global warming , is not as sound as the first part , which deals with the underlying physical factors contributing to climate change .
This could , in fact , explain how the erroneous Himalayan prognosis slipped into the report in the first place .
The report 's lead author , Murari Lal , defends himself by saying that " the melting of the glaciers is such a huge threat to so many people " and , for that reason , had to be included in the report .
According to malaria researcher Reiter , it is precisely this passion that is so dangerous to science .
The e-mails hackers stole from the Climatic Research Unit at the University of East Anglia last November and placed on the Internet have also provided critics with new ammunition .
An e-mail exchange between climate modelers that took place in the fall of 1999 suggests that the scientists were biased .
Abnormal Temperature Graph
The exchange involved the validity of a controversial temperature curve .
The so - called hockey stick graph was intended to prove that the average global temperature in the last 1,000 years was never as high as it is today .
To arrive at the date , several groups of researchers reconstructed past temperatures , to a large extent based on tree - ring data .
But one of the graphs differed markedly from the rest , leading to a controversy in the run-up to a conference of paleo - climatologists in Tanzania in September 1999 .
The abnormal temperature graph was " a problem and a potential distraction / detraction from the reasonably consensus viewpoint we 'd like to show , " paleo - climatologist Michael Mann wrote in an e-mail , adding that he did n't want to be the one to offer " the skeptics … a field day . "
The lead author of the IPCC chapter , Chris Folland , wrote in another e-mail that the divergent data set " dilutes the message rather significantly . "
Keith Briffa , whose team reconstructed the contradictory temperature graph , was furious , and wrote : " I know there is pressure to present a nice tidy story as regards ' apparent unprecedented warming in a thousand years or more in the proxy data . ' "
For the IPCC report that was written at the time , the scientists eventually resorted to an underhanded solution to downplay the data behind Briffa 's graph , which showed temperatures falling since the 1960s : the graph was simply cut off at 1960 in the IPCC report .
" This sort of approach is considered problematic in science , " says climate scientist Storch .
Controversial Passages
Briffa 's unusually declining temperature graph points to a serious conundrum that no one has been able to explain yet :
Since the 1960s , the tree - ring data no longer reflect actual temperature changes .
But why , then , should tree - ring data be valid for periods before that ?
At least the fourth IPCC report , published in 2007 , discusses the problems with the tree - ring data at length .
But even the current , valid report contains controversial passages .
Chapter 1.3.8 , for example , contains a discussion of the possible relationship between climate change and the increased incidence of natural disasters , which , after Hurricane Katrina in the United States , have now become a politically charged issue .
At the IPCC report , the damage associated with such events " are very likely to increase due to increased frequencies and intensities of some extreme weather events " ( italics in original ) .
The report cites as evidence a study that supposedly demonstrates precisely this trend .
The only problem is that the study in question had not been subjected to outside peer review before the IPCC report went to press .
This has since been done , and the conclusions are surprising : " We find insufficient evidence to claim a statistical relationship between global temperature increase and normalized catastrophe losses , " read the report published in the compendium " Climate Extremes and Society . "
Roger Pielke , a leading expert in this field , wrote in his blog : " The claims were not just wrong .
The claims were based on knowledge that just does n't exist . "
Calculating Risk
Representatives of the insurance industry hold a completely different view , which presents an additional problem for the IPCC .
Reinsurers , such as Munich Re , calculate their premiums on the basis of risk , so that an increase in the frequency and severity of natural disasters can translate into additional profits when new policies are concluded .
" We see , in our databases , significant evidence for a correlation between climate change and the increase in natural disasters , " says Ernst Rauch , director of German insurer Munich Re's " Corporate Climate Centre . "
Unlike scientists , he adds , the insurance industry cannot wait until all doubts have been set aside .
" We are a business operation that has to act today , " says Rauch .
He also points out that his company is " extremely satisfied " with the conclusions of the IPCC report .
This is hardly surprising : A 2005 publication by Munich Re served as one of the sources for the IPCC 's cautionary predictions .
Climatologists are now calling for reforms .
Pielke , for example , is concerned about the way authors and peer reviewers work , how they are appointed by the IPCC and how literature is used that , as in the case of the Himalayan glacier , does not come from peer - reviewed professional journals .
One of the problems is that working for the IPCC is a time - consuming honorary appointment for scientists .
" This means that it is not always the best people in their field who are willing to contribute their time and effort , " says epidemiologist Reiter .
On the other hand , the community is sometimes reluctant to include troublesome critics in its efforts .
For instance , when the IPCC recently set up a special working group to address natural disasters , the US government nominated ecologist Pielke .
The IPCC declined to appoint him .
Translated from the German by Christopher Sultan
Philippine President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo declared martial law in parts of the southern Philippines Saturday as troops detained the patriarch of a powerful political clan in connection with the massacre of 57 political rivals and journalists last month .
Armed forces chief Gen. Victor Ibrado said clan leader Andal Ampatuan Sr. – a former governor of Maguindanao province where the killings occurred – was taken into custody for questioning Saturday morning along with at least six other family members .
His son , Andal Ampatuan ...
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Apple 's lips are sealed about its widely rumored tablet computer , but technology experts are giddy about the device , already exclaiming it will be the gadget to end all gadgets .
Executives at Apple ( AAPL , Fortune 500 ) never discuss products that are in the works , so there 's no confirmation that the thing even exists .
But rumors are circulating that Steve Jobs and Co. have designed a magazine - sized , touch - screen , hand - held , all - in - one device that is half - iPhone , half - Macintosh computer .
It 's supposedly going to make its debut in the next few months , and you can have it for the low , low price of $ 600 .
Or $ 800 .
Maybe $ 1,000 .
No one 's really sure .
If the rumors are true , the tablet will be able to do basically everything a gadget could possibly do .
It 's an e-reader , a gaming device , and a music player .
You can watch TV and movies on it and surf the Internet ( or so we 've heard ) .
And it will have thousands of third - party apps available for it ... or maybe it will run Mac OS X .
That 's all still unknown .
Coolest device ... ever ?
Maybe .
Some analysts are channeling their inner-Frodo , saying the Apple tablet will be the one gadget to rule them all .
" This will be the next big thing , " said Laura DiDio , principal analyst at ITIC .
" Apple is going to wow everybody with the tablet . "
Any time Steve Jobs gets on stage , the expectations are incredibly high , but they are especially lofty for the tablet .
Analysts and investors are saying that this device could revolutionize the handheld world in the same way the the iPhone changed the smartphone market .
" The tablet will change the game , because Apple will throw down the gauntlet at the competitors , and force them to follow along , " DiDio said .
According to DiDio , the tablet will have a 10 - inch to 12 - inch screen and a high - end graphics card that will enable stunning resolution -- even more so than the iPhone and iPod Touch .
She said the device will come in several different models that offer varieties of Internet connections , such as Wi-Fi or 3G , perhaps through a contract with AT&T ( T , Fortune 500 ) .
Another cool feature will be the Web cam , which business travelers will be able to use for video conferencing on the go , DiDio said .
Some analysts say all of those features will kill other single - function handheld devices , making the Apple tablet the go - to handheld device for computing , Internet browsing , reading , gaming and entertainment .
" Apple will come out with the tablet and blow everyone away , " said Dan Ackerman , senior editor at CNET .
" Instead of taking along a Kindle and an iPod , that [ tablet ] could become the device you carry with you . "
The cheaply priced netbook market may also take a hit when the tablet comes out .
Apple typically prices their products higher than competitors , because they install top - of - the - line hardware , but DiDio said Apple learned from its mistake of pricing the original iPhone at $ 599 , pricing out many potential customers .
" The Tablet will be awesome , and my guess is that it will be an instant hit for people who loved Kindles and people who want netbooks , " said David Wertheimer , executive director of the University of Southern California 's Entertainment Technology Center .
Wertheimer said he finds it hard to comprehend how the tablet will replace all other on - the - go tech products .
" But then again , what I can't imagine , Steve Jobs often can , " he added .
... Or the fizzle may fail .
Not everyone thinks the Apple tablet will be the gadget to end all gadgets .
" What we 've found in the past with these multi-function devices is that they 're better for ad - hoc purposes , like quick and dirty tasks , " said Zeus Kerravala , an analyst with Yankee Group .
" They 're not for any prolonged , high - performance use . "
For instance , smartphones have cameras for quick snapshots , but when you go on vacation , you 're probably going to want your digital camera to come along with you for high - quality photos .
Kerravala said the same logic applies to the tablet 's other functions , including its e-reading capability : " If you want to sit and read a book , the ergonomics of a device that 's specifically designed for reading are going to be better . "
Similarly , only 3 % of people whose cell phones can play music say they use their phone as their primary music player , according to a Yankee Group study .
Even if it means carrying around two devices , an MP3 player is bound to have a better user experience than a multi-function cell phone .
That does n't mean the Apple tablet -- if it exists -- wo n't be cool .
But you may want to hang onto your iPod , Kindle , Nintendo DS , portable DVD player and laptop for a while .
UK politics
Labour triumphs after the Cameron years with Britain 's first black PM – and a familiar face ...
If the decade began with David Cameron on the verge of historic victory , it ends , this month , in his humiliation and failure .
The 53 - year - old former prime minister has seen his bid to become head of the new global climate watchdog blocked by world leaders .
Ten years ago this month , as nations were wrangling over climate change in Copenhagen , Mr Cameron was on the brink of becoming the youngest British prime minister in 200 years and bringing to an end 13 years of Labour government .
But he surely did n't anticipate such a difficult eight years in office : in 2013 , he led Britain into a dubious war with Iran , while British forces remained in Afghanistan until 2015 , a full five years into his premiership , despite those promises that they would be out within two .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Mr Cameron disappointed those who thought he was committed to the environment : within two months of taking office , in 2010 , he notoriously dropped the Conservative opposition to the third runway at Heathrow and during his premiership refused to invest in renewable energy .
Until last year , of course , the fortunes of the Labour party hardly fared better , with two election defeats .
Now they are in office again , with Prime Minister Chuka Umunna ( Britain 's first black premier , in case you had n't noticed ) in Downing Street .
And , once again , there is a young MP named Blair rising through the ranks of the Labour Party .
After Mr Cameron won the 2010 election with a majority of 70 – well short of a landslide – the Labour Party turned on itself with an old Brownite versus Blairite battle between Yvette Cooper and David Miliband for the leadership .
Mr Miliband won , benefiting from the publication of Tony Blair 's uncensored memoirs , which contained those memorably unflattering portrayals of Gordon Brown and his acolytes , including Ms Cooper .
Peter Mandelson stepped away from politics altogether , choosing to follow Mr Blair on to the speech - making circuit .
Though let 's not forget Lord Mandelson 's most recent contribution to public life , winning I'm a Celebrity ...
Get Me Out of Here ! in 2011 .
Mr Blair gave up his post as Middle East envoy the same year and launched his long - running chat show in the US in 2012 .
However , to the dismay and disbelief of many , Mr Blair was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 2013 for his work in the Middle East , although to this day it is not clear what he had achieved to deserve it .
Boris , now Lord , Johnson , secured his second term as London mayor in 2012 , and continued to be trouble for Mr Cameron throughout the decade .
In 2013 , he led anti-EU rebels calling for Mr Cameron to overturn the Lisbon Treaty , destabilising the prime minister in the run-up to the 2014 General Election .
The war in Iran and the row over Europe dominated the election campaign , and the Tories came close to losing to Mr Miliband 's Labour Party .
Mr Cameron 's first term was also dogged by rows over the economy : his chancellor , George Osborne , ordered deep cuts in spending on schools and hospitals , while the Tory right pressed for generous tax cuts that never came .
Mr Cameron scraped through with a diminished majority of 24 .
Meanwhile , one MP elected in 2014 was a 30 - year - old Euan Blair , the eldest son of the former prime minister .
Mr Miliband stood down as Labour leader the day after the election .
His brother , Ed , the shadow foreign secretary , hoped to succeed him but he was beaten by the shadow schools secretary Mr Umunna , who only became an MP in 2010 .
Lord Johnson 's political ambitions continued to dominate British politics .
In 2016 , he decided not to run for a third term as mayor to concentrate on Westminster politics .
With the Cameron government struggling to get key laws through Parliament with its small majority , Mr Johnson began to position himself for the Tory leadership .
He won the Tory safe seat of Kensington in the 2017 by - election and began openly challenging Mr Cameron 's authority .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
With his premiership severely weakened , Mr Cameron had little chance of winning last year 's election .
It proved a momentous night .
Mr Umunna triumphed with a majority of 98 and , 10 years after the election of Barack Obama , Britain elected a black prime minister .
Euan Blair was made a junior minister .
The Tories , we now know , were also about to make history .
Mr Cameron stood down as leader and , inevitably , Lord Johnson was a leading candidate to succeed him .
But his disloyalty to the prime minister earned him many enemies and he was beaten by Nick Boles , the MP for Grantham who had been home secretary for three years .
Mr Boles , an old rival of Mr Johnson and formerly Mr Cameron 's right - hand man , became the first Tory leader to be in a civil partnership .
As the decade came to a close , and in an attempt to keep Lord Johnson quiet , the former mayor was elevated to the House of Lords by the new Tory leader .
Jane Merrick
The environment
Second - hand Prius , anyone ?
Car use declines across Europe as society returns to medieval values
Looking back , the energy riots of 2016 were avoidable .
The technological setbacks of completing the new smart grid , into which householders were supposed to sell surplus energy , and the lower - than - forecast supply from renewable sources , meant energy prices continued to climb year by year .
When the broadband blackouts began , driven by overloaded networks as we stayed in to download HD films to our unsleeping computers , well , that was the spark .
But the tinder was already dry .
With a greater portion of household budgets going on utilities and new taxes , the 2009 recession slumped into a depression .
Everywhere except London .
The capital , newly minted centre of the carbon - trading universe , hummed to the sound of carbon credits being bought and sold on the exchanges .
Millionaire traders became billionaires and billionaire industrialists were untouchable in their silent , hydrogen - powered limousines .
The same old faces – retrenched bankers , former ministers and stock - market speculators – cashed in .
The economic revival , fuelled by the green tech bubble in the US and the green manufacturing boom in China , never touched the rest of the UK .
The cap - and - trade policies in the US , the EU and Australia , brought about by the UN climate - change conference of 2009 , were the first mistake .
The EU had already committed to a 20 per cent cut in CO2 emissions from 1990 levels by next year , but thanks to its Emission Trading Scheme ( ETS ) , running since 2005 , these could be delivered while actual CO2 emissions rose .
Alchemy indeed .
And the EU 's target of 20 per cent more energy from renewable sources has proved as hard to pin down as the wind itself .
Despite the smart meters we have in each home ekeing out water and energy , power consumption has swelled even as oil prices are peaking under demand from a booming Asia .
No new nuclear power stations have been completed and there are mixed results from Southampton University 's research into algal biofuels .
It 's not all bad news : the success of the Orkney 's tidal - power generation has reinvigorated the Scottish independence movement .
Other green technologies are n't so successful : the solar iPhone has been notable for delivering even shorter battery life than the standard model , although at least it provides an excuse for waving the device around all the time .
In hindsight , the decade had started optimistically enough .
Under the Tories , the New Localism movement brought some character back to towns and villages .
Rooted in the 1960s idea that the most sustainable model of civilisation was a medieval town in which most products and services derived from within its walls , the start of the decade saw a dawning realisation that new jobs and responsible custodianship of the environment were n't mutually exclusive .
We travelled less and bought locally .
It was n't about food miles , rather the idea that our local economies were more vibrant if supported from within .
It was a transition taking place across Europe and led by financial necessity .
Declining birth rates and ageing populations in Italy , Spain and Germany have seen the ratio of taxpayer to state - supported citizen shrink from four to one to three to one , while cities such as Lagos grew by 60 people an hour .
Patterns of consumption changed almost month by month .
Soon , Europeans were cycling more and subsisting locally .
Neighbours got to know neighbours .
As roof gardens were cultivated and street markets thrived , so out - of - town supermarkets closed .
As architect Stefan Behling ( Foster and Partner 's sustainability specialist ) noted , in the same way the need for petrol depends on the design of your car , so the need for a car depends on the design of your city .
By changing the city you change your needs , and from Milan to Munich car ownership has declined .
And as anyone who has tried in vain to sell their third - generation Prius knows , electic hybrids never took off .
China , however , was already producing 12 million new cars a year by 2009 ; with hundreds of millions of people joining the middle classes in China and India , that figure was dwarfed in following years .
Today , there are more than 150 - million cars on China 's new roads , the upmarket models equipped with toilets for when drivers feel the call of nature while stuck in the interminable urban traffic jams .
From 2010 to the eve of 2020 the world has had another billion mouths to feed .
Farming inhospitable regions brought greater habitat loss than ever before .
Asian and South American rainforests were ripped up for poor ranchland while deserts , old and new , were irrigated for crops .
But , despite Britain 's woes , the day - long blackouts and night - long riots , who could have predicted in 2010 that the first world war of the 21st century would be fought not over energy but water ?
Robin Barton
Leisure
Old -age homes for the YBAs , Simon Cowell 's ' Big Brother ' makeover and the McPolyphenol burger
From Heston Blumenthal 's molecular menu makeover at McDonald's to the horror of Big Brother 's comeback , BB : Celebrity Suicide Watch , the past decade has seen our leisure time transformed in ways we could never have imagined .
It is technology , of course , which has heralded many of the most dramatic changes in the past decade .
And at the end of 2010 , the Tories set the techie tone : in the first collaboration of its kind , the new government partnered with Carphone Warehouse to entitle anyone without an iPhone to a special upgrade benefit , in order to help them become a more meaningful part of society .
It coincided with the memorably chilling state campaign to educate children on the dangers of joining the same social networks as their parents .
Our iPhone - centric culture , though , has had its casualties – quite literally , in the case of the two publicans who were tragically shot dead by police at an illegal protest in 2011 against the mandatory introduction of the now commonplace anti-binge - drinking Breathalyser app , which monitors citizens ' alcohol intake via Google Earth , GPS and CCTV facial recognition software .
On a happier note , 2012 saw the launch of Jamie 's Tower , the UK 's first self - sufficient food complex , owned by Sir Jamie Oliver .
Housed in London 's former BT
Tower , the farm - grocery - restaurant hybrid sells only meat reared on the building 's hydroponic meadows and vegetables harvested from the living exterior of the building .
Oliver 's plans for a chain are on hold , however , as the " Heal Our High Street " movement continues to gather strength .
McDonald 's might have been saved by Heston Blumenthal 's McPolyphenol burgers 10 years ago , but Starbucks is still floundering after its rebrand : despite each branch having been given a different name and look – and the tagline " the original independent coffee house " – the chain is still struggling .
Meanwhile , it 's definitely been the British tourist industry 's decade .
Record numbers of Britons stayed at home after the country 's transformation into the northern hemisphere 's number - one holiday destination .
Developments such as Newcastle Tyneside beach , the Beckingham Palace theme park and the new luxury resorts springing up on the Shetland Isles have all contributed .
Abroad , meanwhile , and despite a recent four - fold increase in the cost of flights , thousands of elderly ravers have been flocking to Ibiza 's Still ' Avin '
It , the world 's first superclub for the over fifties , opened in 2018 by the 58 - year - old DJ Danny Rampling .
Home entertainment reached new levels .
It 's strange to think that only a few years ago we could n't sit next to holographic Come Dine With Me contestants , or that we still had to use a clunky remote - control device to switch platforms and channels .
As for content , it 's been a controversial decade .
First there was 2014's cult low - budget YouTube series Sharia Court , based on Granada television 's 1970s Crown Court format .
Then , two years later , came The Real Royal Family , the brainchild of Peter Bazalgette and Prince Andrew .
The toe - curlingly awful reality show hoped to claw back some of the regal funding that the then prime minister Gordon Brown had reappropriated during the great Noughties ' Depression .
It 's a miracle that those posh tucker trials did n't finish the Queen off .
( Or that they were n't Prince Charles ' idea . )
The reality TV death knell almost literally rang when Big Brother returned , after a five - year hiatus , with Simon Cowell at the helm .
But BB : Celebrity Suicide Watch , the self - help / talent - contest hybrid which went head - to - head with Google 's Suicide Clinic – wherein viewers got to vote on who most deserved a luxury Swiss death – was , fortunately , a flop .
In society at large , leisure time is changing for our increasingly elderly population .
Four years ago , of course , the Tories scrapped retirement for any over - sixties who'd ever claimed benefits and , in partial response , the septuagenarian Charles Saatchi opened the country 's first Old Britsters '
Home , in Stroud .
The charitably funded establishment was designed to provide a " creative environment for an elderly artistic community " .
The building is covered in cheery Damien Hirst spots and residents , many with dementia – which now affects 300,000 more of the population than it did in 2010 – are encouraged to relive early memories by scrawling the names of everyone they 've ever slept with on the walls of the on -site " Groucho Bar " .
But let 's not knock the concept – in another decade 's time , some of us could be heading there ... '
Kate Burt
Literature
Price - erian authors prosper as the latest technology beams bestsellers straight on to the retina
The second decade of the 21st century started in a perilous place for traditional book publishing .
Apple launched its Tablet early in 2010 , rendering all 2009's e-reader Christmas presents immediately obsolete as users realised that you could download literature on to a wireless device without wanting to bang your head repeatedly against 70 copies of War and Peace .
In winter 2010 , e-books reigned and so - called Dead Tree Books were burned all over the country in an effort to conserve oil resources .
But an unexpected glitch in the technology meant that the Tablet accidentally censored e-copies of Steve Jobs ' autobiography , deleting all evidence of the Apple boss 's personality from users ' blink - proof screens .
Celebrity memoirs otherwise did well , however , when publishers accepted that readers would n't buy books any more unless they were written " by Jordan " .
We already know that Martin Amis was the first to catch on to the trend by basing a character on her in his 2010 novel , State of England .
Salman Rushdie soon followed suit , producing a best - selling work of magic realism about two talking bags of silicone who live on a mythical Antipodean island .
Soon , every book published was a classic work of literature fed through a Random Dan Brown Generator and " written " by the 1990s glamour model .
Hence the shelves were full of titles such as The Elsinore Paradox by Katie Price , ghostwritten ( they add in tiny print ) by the likes of Margaret Atwood , Philip Hensher or Irvine Welsh .
Naturally , by this stage these were not produced using dead trees , but beamed on to the reader 's retina using revolutionary e-lens technology .
Happily , though , fears about the demise of intelligent books coverage on television proved to be unfounded , even after Richard & Judy 's and Oprah 's book clubs came to an end .
The former relaunched in January 2010 , as we know , hosted by TV's Gok Wan and Laila Rouass , while the latter is soon to get a revamp with Paris Hilton as its host .
Later , ratings zig - zagged as Trinny and Susannah revived The Late Review , and Mark Lawson and Melvyn Bragg moved over to What Not To Wear , broadcast on ITV17 from spring 2013 .
The chick - lit craze came to an embarrassing end when a PR company employed to represent the latest pink - clad bonkbuster by an Irish boyband member 's wife churned out so much product placement around the launch of the novel that they forgot to produce a novel .
Not with ink , e-ink or the revolutionary new Osmosis Inc technology , which allows readers to absorb the content of the latest opus simply by inhaling it .
Regular readers will remember that a brief flirtation with calling any novel with a gay character " dick lit " was hastily curtailed following ugly scenes between TV's Gok and Gore Vidal .
Sick lit , thick lit and taking the mick lit never really caught on , but for a febrile few years the future looked like belonging to " twit lit " , in which the reader could have the constant musings of Stephen Fry injected directly into their bloodstream .
There followed a dark period of suspicion and cruel Twitterphobia , as a new computer virus cut swathes through careless users .
Richard Watson 's seminal December 2009 classic , Future Files : The Five Trends That Will Shape the Next 50 Years , turned out to be wrong on most counts ( disposable phones ; a Moon village ; nano drinks ; smart baths ... ) but was eerily prescient about the world - shattering invention of sensory internet .
Sales of Lady Chatterley 's Lover have soared , while Tolkein fans persisted with their by - now somewhat masochistic gadget addictions .
The speed of technological progress slowed rapidly at this point because all the geeks were shut indoors rereading the Tiffany Aching scenes from Discworld .
More recently , there was a flurry of excitement when that lost masterpiece by the late literary icon Sebastian Faulks was found in a drawer and cleared for publication by his adoring son .
Faulks , it transpires , had begged for the manuscript to be burned after his death because it was evidently a pile of old rubbish .
But Penguin rescued it , bound it in covers made of diamonds and sold it with a free snog from Zadie Smith for every reader .
It turned out not to fool anyone but inspired a brilliant new publishing trend : novels by real authors , printed on paper and bound with an eye - catching cover design .
This maverick idea caught on , as you 'll know , when readers discovered that they were cheap , portable and you could read them in the bath .
They call it a " book " .
A publishing sensation has arrived .
Katy Guest
The arts
Lily Allen returns from obscurity to light up the longest - running music show in television history
I know , I know , you 've hardly woken up after the King 's Speech and you 're still recovering from the Doctor Who Christmas Special ( Florence Welch – the best doctor ever ) .
But let 's do a bit of time - travelling of our own , back across the past decade in the arts , way back to Copenhagen at the end of 2009 .
Remember the climate - change conference ?
If it yielded little else , at least it gave us David Hare 's The Green Machine .
His one - man , real - time , tour - de - force staging of the final 36 hours of the conference , playing 14 heads of state ( with his quiff as his only prop ) , was performed once only , thank God , and has gone down in theatrical legend .
Were you one of the seven people said to have stayed awake until the word - for - word recreation of the 4.30 am treaty ratification ?
Bravo !
The relationship between film and art , which had begun in the Noughties as a bit of a fling , developed into a full - blown affair .
The culmination was that unlikely Sunday in March 2014 when Martin Creed 's Paula Radcliffe documentary , 26.2 – about the tragic runner 's final , catastrophic tilt at the Olympic marathon title in London two years previously – took Best Documentary at the Baftas .
Within minutes of Creed 's acceptance speech , of course , Shane Meadows was at the podium , picking up Best Screenplay for 24 Hour Arty People , his satire of the YBAs , followed by Tilda Swinton , who richly deserved her Best Supporting Actress Oscar for her turn as Charles Saatchi .
( Come on , Tilda , five years behind the pumps at the Queen Vic will do – let 's see you back on film , please . )
How to explain the astonishing global broadcasting success of The Valley ?
It 's easy to forget that BBC was so vexed by the demise five years ago of its licence fee ( " li-cence feeee " – there 's a phrase you have n't heard for a while ) .
But ever since BBC Television went subscription - only , ditched its website and ploughed those hundreds of millions of pounds into original drama , it has n't looked back .
Nevertheless , after the Noughties , in which we lapped up the uber - American series such as The Sopranos and The Wire , who would have thought that America and the rest of the world would today be going wild for season five of The Valley and the vicious turf wars of Welsh hill farming ?
All together now : " The last Englishman who tried to diddle me on my sheep dip is still getting used to his wooden legs ... "
Not every high - stakes gamble paid off over the past 10 years .
The nation still mourns the tragedy that was Matthew Bourne 's staging of The Rite of Spring in 2013 .
The story is horribly familiar : Bourne had planned to celebrate the centenary of Diaghilev and Stravinsky 's collaboration with a cast made up solely of centenarian dancers : stress , the punishing choreography and , according to the coroner , plain old age led to the death of eight of them shortly after the press - night performance .
It was , wrote our own critic Jenny Gilbert , like " Exit : the Musical " .
Bourne will be eligible for parole in 2024 .
And thank you , thank you , thank you , Anna Netrebko .
The diva's on - off affair with Prince Harry has been the opera that keeps on giving over the past eight years .
No less fun , if more edifying , has been Gareth Malone 's tenure running the English National Opera for the past four years : spring 2020 's highlights include a revival of his risqué Edenbridge Venture Scouts production of Death in Venice .
And who could have predicted Lily Allen 's resurrection from the where are they now file ?
Five years at a cult – sorry , alternative community – in Thailand , and then up she pops on Jools ' 2018 Hootenanny , seven months ' pregnant with child number five ( we think ) , tatooed from neck to toe and playing a very mean saw sam sai fiddle .
Scary .
But not as scary as the most contentious artistic decisions of recent times : the axing of The Archers from Radio 4 .
The public disturbances in Winchester , Richmond and Solihull in November were bad enough ; but the ongoing hostage situation at Broadcasting House , undertaken by the self - styled Ambridge Martyrs '
Brigade , enters day 27 at the time of writing , with no sign of a peaceful conclusion .
The hostage - takers are demanding the instant recommissioning of the radio soap opera by 1 January 2020 , otherwise they claim they 'll " start releasing the offending controller Mark Damazer piece by piece " .
A finger , thought to be Mr Damazer 's , was removed , along with a recipe suggestion , from an Abel and Cole box thrown from the fourth floor last Thursday . '
Mike Higgins
Fashion
The latest ' Vogue ' app celebrates three generations of the Ciccone clan while Milan hails a dead parrot
Even Richard Branson could n't have foreseen this .
As we head into 2020 there are two fashion kingdoms in the sky .
The first is on a Rem Koolhaas - designed space station occupied by Miuccia Prada , whose power has grown to unprecedented proportions .
The second is presided over by Marc Jacobs , who has recently designed a limited - edition monogrammed rocket that flies select clients into space to view his collections at their leisure .
Lourdes Ciccone Leon and her ( Louis Vuitton - clad ) baby daughter front his current campaign and , inevitably , the cover of the iPhone app of Vogue .
Back on Earth , to celebrate the dawn of the third decade of the new millennium , Dolce & Gabbana have just unveiled the largest fashion monument in history : a shrine to the bra , located high in the Hollywood hills .
Confusingly , Karl Lagerfeld , still designing Chanel – which along with Dior is the only remaining couture atelier – has n't changed at all .
Tongues have been wagging for some time now suggesting that this may be a case of bionic organ - replacement treatment but , in fact , it is more likely to be attributable to sheer willpower .
It is true that , from 2012 to 2015 , when there was a move away from the vogue for ultra-slenderness in menswear – inspired way back when by Hedi Slimane – he piled on the pounds to embrace the new generation of Japanese designers .
Now , as you 'll have seen from the Daily Coco , he 's thin again and his collars are crisper and higher than ever , his sunglasses even bigger and blacker .
Remember back in the Noughties when we barely heard her voice ?
Now Dame Kate Moss is rarely quiet .
After spending the past decade honing her oratorical skills , she tirelessly campaigns against the violation of human rights .
When she ceased production of her collection for Topshop in 2015 for ethical reasons , the rest of the world followed suit and Primark sites were taken over by , yes , Prada .
No one is perfect , of course , and Dame Moss is still spotted from time to time , glass of champagne in one hand , cigarette in another , dressed in vintage ermine coat and no knickers .
Having received a knighthood in 2017 , Sir Alexander McQueen is now tailor by appointment to King Charles .
Shunning his own " retirement " earlier this year , Martin Margiela returned to the arena and , following an image overhaul , is now a mentor on the Fashion X Factor with Helmut Lang .
The would - be designers who made it to the final 16 do n't know how lucky they are to be unceremoniously annihilated by these two fashion legends week in , week out .
Sadly , and despite the might of the international fashion industry , even the brains behind the most high - profile luxury goods conglomerates fail to ensure that the world stands still .
And so farewell Roberto Cavalli 's prize parrot , one of an original four , that is no longer .
In a moment that brought the ancient Monty Python sketch to mind , it finally fell from its perch last summer never to revive and the designer 's most recent collection , inspired by its exotic plumage , and shown to a sweetly squawky soundtrack , was the most moving of the spring / summer 2020 season .
Victoria Beckham , clad in inky black vintage Cavalli catsuit with feathered lightning bolt emblazoned across the front , wept silently in the front row .
" I just ca n't begin to imagine life without him , " she said backstage after the show .
" He was just the sweetest , funniest , most generous and talented parrot ever .
What more is there to say ?
Roberto is bereft . "
After the show , La Beckham hosted an intimate dinner for 5,000 of the designer 's closest friends in the late , great bird 's honour .
Le tutti Milan was in attendance .
Susannah Frankel
Celebrity
With the Hollywood A - list in their desert compound , the UK rejects the Gwynification of the high street
As the Noughties drew to a close and we welcomed in the 2010s , the celebrity world found itself teetering on the edge of a precipice .
Rumours were rife about the impending Jolie - Pitt divorce , squeaky - clean Tiger had been exposed as a dirty dog , even Jude Law's hair was refusing to have anything to do with him , and 98 per cent of the celeb world was still reeling from the loss of Michael Jackson , the man who had inspired them to dance / sing / act / cook / design handbags .
Back then , of course , personal crises were the norm .
From life - threatening illness to a patch of mid- thigh cellulite , it was celebrities ' misfortunes big and small we were interested in .
But the real crisis was building around the notion of celebrity itself .
Like a broiler chicken unnaturally forced to maturity , the brand of celebrity we inherited from the decade seemed incapable of supporting its own weight .
By 2010 , reality TV and a dedicated celebrity press had meant we knew more about even the dullest individuals than we wanted to .
Nevertheless , however much we bemoaned it , the status quo limped on for the first few years of the new decade .
How many of us recall the short - lived digital channel carrying rolling news about Cheryl Cole 's hair ?
Or the Gwynification of the high street as Ms Paltrow , ploughing on in her role as self - styled spiritual leader , opened a string of yogic - macrobiotic - ayurvedic gyms , cafés and bookshops ?
At least we were able to have a laugh at the PR disasters that put paid to her enterprises , including revelations of poor working conditions on Paltrow 's goji berry plantations and the release of mobile - phone footage showing her knocking back Strongbow in a pub , slurring " and the funny thing is , Madge and Stella believe I eat that macrobiotic crap ! "
The crunch came at the end of 2013 , when viewing figures for The X Factor , now chewing up contestants and spitting them out on an accelerated four - week cycle to revive flagging interest , dwindled to an all - time low and the last bastion of the celeb - trash sector , Heat , closed .
Our appetite for the average British celebrity had slumped , to the extent that the OED edition of the same year added derog .
to the word 's definition .
Across the Atlantic , however , a small band of A - list stars have continued to exercise a fascination upon the world .
In 2014 , at that now - infamous press conference , Tom Cruise announced that the construction of a maximum - security compound in the Atacama desert , accommodating a full - size town with all amenities and recording and film studios , and staffed by security - checked robots , was almost complete .
Twelve months later , six billion viewers around the globe watched live footage of a group of 25 Hollywood heavyweights entering their new home .
Alongside TomKat and Suri were Angelina and the Jolie - Pitt offspring ( sans Brad , now famously residing in George Clooney 's Lake Como retreat for confirmed bachelors ) and the Jackson junior clan – all now devout Scientology converts .
The Beckhams , whose star has waned considerably since the Noughties , were given honorary admission in view of David 's new role as Cruise 's personal trainer .
In the second half of the decade , the stars have rarely been seen in person , venturing out only for appearances at the Oscars and UN photocalls .
Rumours of body doubles made headlines in 2017 when Jolie appeared to be simultaneously at the Oscars and a UN event , although her publicist still insists this was merely an illusory time - zone difference .
Things took a more startling turn at the beginning of this year when Suri Cruise , 13 , and Blanket Jackson , 17 , neither of whom have been seen since 2015 , escaped the compound as stowaways in the boot of visitor Elton John 's car .
Taking refuge at the Jennifer Aniston Home for Unmarried Women , Suri made the widely believed claim that her mother Katie was declared clinically dead after a car crash in 2005 , but underwent a cutting - edge transplant that replaced all her organs with Scientology body parts .
The decision to build the compound had come to her father , she said , when Cruise noted that Holmes was exhibiting signs of cellular memory with subversive acts such as wearing jeans in public .
And so our strange obsession with celebrities remains partly intact .
But , if nothing else , this decade has proved that some of them are still capable of doing something more interesting than changing their outfit .
Rhiannon Harries
Business
While the big beasts of the Square Mile and Wall Street go east in a hurry , the euro goes nowhere fast
It was the most gripping opening to a most exciting second decade of the 21st century .
Just days into January 2010 , Barclays bank stunned the world 's stock markets by moving its HQ , and 5,000 of its investment banking staff , to Hong Kong .
Another 2,000 Barclays bankers and traders were transferred to Mumbai , where India 's National Stock Exchange is still the fastest growing exchange in the world ; 2,000 staff decamped to Singapore , now the world 's epicentre for energy technologies and the first producer of hydrogen cell cars ; and another 500 traders were moved to Rio de Janeiro , South American 's busiest stock market .
To national uproar and street protests , Barclays bosses Bob Diamond and John Varley defended their controversial move to take the 200 - year - old bank off - shore , with the most stinging attack on the then Labour government 's latest " super " bonus tax on bankers , levied in revenge for the biggest banking bailout in history .
That tax – the City 's poll - tax , together with other tax increases which pushed personal tax rates up to levels not seen since the 1970s – became the tipping point for a mass exodus of talent out of Britain , from which we are still recovering .
The Masters of the Universe at Barclays were the first to go .
But within months , the trickle became a flood .
Next to go were the broking firms Icap and Tullett Prebon ; and then the City 's top bankers at Goldman Sachs , Deutsche Bank , Morgan Stanley and JP Morgan followed the fleeing caravan to the East .
It was n't only the UK 's horrendous tax regime ( or London 's transport grid- lock , or the failing NHS which saw cancer patients flying to Romania for the most basic of treatments ) driving them overseas , but fears that divisions within the Old World Europe would inevitably lead to a bust - up over the Euro , as countries such as Greece and Spain struggled with their staggering debts , and worries that the continent would be stuck in low - growth for decades to come .
By contrast , the energy and consumption of the Bric countries – Brazil , Russia , China , and particularly India – was just too fantastic an opportunity for them to miss .
How right they were .
As the Barclays bosses predicted , the UK , along with its continental neighbours , had become so hamstrung by its punitive fiscal policies and regulation that leaving was the only way to wake the politicians out of their slumber with , as Diamond put it , a bit of " shock and awe " .
Well , they got both .
By late summer , Greece and Spain had dropped out of the euro and several other countries – including the UK – were considering whether to leave the European Union altogether .
Here in the UK , the move to pull - out gathered such steam that David Cameron 's Conservative government worked frantically behind the scenes with some of the EU 's smaller countries , to get the Belgian president ousted and Lord Mandelson installed as president .
It was only then that the Europeans started to realise that , if they were to even start competing seriously with the East , they would need to take the axe to the state – rolling it back was no longer an option .
But , as we discovered , it was n't just the UK that saw its bankers flee .
A similar story was being played out in Paris and Frankfurt and Milan , as the top financial brains went east to where the capital was being raised in the cities of Mumbai and Shanghai – the latter now the world 's biggest capital market since Chinese companies gained the confidence to raise capital in their own local markets .
If Canary Wharf , Fleet Street and Mayfair became ghost streets , just look for a moment at La Defense or Frankfurt 's financial district .
Even Wall Street , which had rejoiced as Europe went ahead with its penal taxes and suffocating regulation , was persuaded to take its arrogance east .
But it has n't all been bleak .
With the decline of the City , some of the UK 's finest brains finally moved back into the bio-technology centres which had sprung up around Cambridge , Manchester and Imperial College .
And , although they were more or less funded by the Singaporean government , these businesses began working alongside industrial partners such as Rolls - Royce and National Grid on the next generation of solar energy farms based in the Sahara – now powering about half of all Europe 's energy needs .
The biggest surprise of the decade was the way big , nasty business not only woke up to its responsibilities , but took over from government as the green pioneers , leading the way in energy savings and creating new sustainable technologies for its shareholders and customers .
And who knows , Barclays and its followers may even return home in a couple of decades time . '
Margareta Pagano
US politics
The Obama years were all very well , but what this country needs is the decisive might of a military man
As the make - up girl dusted and dabbed , David Petraeus could not suppress a quiet smile of satisfaction .
Here he was at the end of 2019 , three years in the Oval Office , with approval ratings that Ronald Reagan might have killed for – and an interview on the country 's most - watched television talk show to launch what would surely be a triumphal march to re-election the following November .
In retrospect , it seems obvious that in a moment of self doubt , America had again chosen a soldier as its leader .
Back in 2008 , faced with a comparable crisis , the country elected its first black president .
But the charismatic candidate had proved a disappointment , oddly passive when the moment demanded a call to arms , and unable to impose his will on a Congress that regarded him as a soft and youthful touch .
In the end , Barack Obama did win a second term in 2012 , but only narrowly .
He owed victory less to his own merits and achievements than to the internal divisions that made the Republican Party all but unelectable .
Obama 's opponent that year was a doctrinaire conservative who had romped through the primaries but unnerved independents and centrists .
These latter , however reluctantly , went for the devil they knew in Obama .
In reality , when Obama was sworn in for that second time , the problems he faced were virtually the same as on that brave new dawn of 20 January 2009 , when for an illusory moment all things seemed possible .
True , the economy was growing again – but unemployment was only a whisker below 10 per cent .
The budget deficit was stuck at over $ 1tn , the trade deficit was still huge , and the Chinese more than ever ruled the economic roost .
Obama 's one stroke of fortune was the Iranian uprising of early 2011 that forced out Mahmoud Ahmedinejad , and led to a deal on the country 's nuclear programme , averting another and even deadlier US conflagration in the Middle East .
Petraeus meanwhile , as chief of US Central Command , had done his part as well , by helping extricate the US from the seemingly endless and desperately unpopular wars in Iraq ( where American troops completed their pullout in 2011 ) , and in Afghanistan , where by 2014 the US ground presence had shrunk from over 100,000 in 2010 to a politically acceptable 10,000 .
By then , however , the Obama administration was exhausted .
True , versions of its signature measures to overhaul health care , energy policy and rein in financial markets , had been passed – but only after a dysfunctional Congress had virtually rewritten them , eliminating the savings and efficiencies they were meant to bring in .
But , once again , the opposition had no credible candidate .
The Republicans ' one star , a former governor of Alaska , had decamped to the richer pastures of television , while the party had not found a philosophy to replace the free market doctrines discredited by the financial crash of 2008 and the Great Recession that followed .
By then , the military was practically the only institution Americans trusted any longer .
In late 2013 Republicans were already putting out quiet feelers to Petraeus , the military 's most prestigious general , to be their standard bearer in 2016 .
Publicly , he demurred .
In private , like General Dwight Eisenhower in 1952 , he signalled he would not be averse to a summons .
After romping through the late primaries , Petraeus was nominated by acclamation at the Republican convention in Cleveland in August 2016 , and won the White House by a landslide that November .
What matters for presidents , like generals , is not so much to be good as to be lucky – and Petraeus was .
He was shrewd , always careful not to promise more than he could deliver .
But he could not have bargained for the turmoil in China , as the population demanded political freedom to match their new economic prosperity – nor for the success of new technologies to extract natural gas from shale , that would drastically reduce the country 's dependence on imported energy , and its huge and debilitating trade deficit .
Even the dollar was strengthening , after two decades of decline .
Less tangibly , but no less important , Americans finally came to realise that terrorism was not an existential threat , while the world came to understand that the power of the US was finite , and consequently did not demand as much from Washington as before .
So one way and another , things were finally improving after the decline of the Bush and Obama years .
So popular indeed was the 45th president by this Christmas of 2019 that some commentators , looking beyond the formality of re-election , urged a change in the constitution to allow him to run for a third term in 2022 , when he would be 70 .
But suddenly , the reverie of President David Petraeus was interrupted .
The make - up girl was finished .
The cameras of The Sarah Palin Show were ready to roll .
Rupert Cornwell
Sport
Giggsy - wiggsy , football coming home , Arsène 's pre-teen wonders ... were n't they , was n't it , hmmmm ?
The decade got off to a miserable start .
Remember the jubilation when England got an " easy " draw for the 2010 World Cup ?
That soon ended .
England 's campaign in South Africa got off to a nightmarish start when David Beckham , plainly disoriented by altitude sickness , came on with five minutes left against the USA and dispatched a free - kick into his own net .
Then the squad had to head home early after the WAGs were imprisoned in Zimbabwe while on an ill - advised shopping trip to Bulawayo , having been arrested for disturbing the peace when they found nothing to buy in the shops .
Only slightly more successful ( more of which later ) was England 's hosting of the 2018 World Cup thanks to the last - minute intervention of Dame Susan Boyle .
In 2011 , Tiger Woods returned to competitive action after a 15th operation to complete his facial reconstruction .
But at Augusta he found himself pitted against his son Sam , a four - year - old prodigy .
Tears and tantrums followed , but Tiger was forced to concede defeat in a play - off .
A new golf tournament was unveiled in the US , at which all 120 of Woods ' children played against each other .
The standard became so high that all other forms of the game were superseded and Dwain Chambers abandoned his hopes of joining the PGA Tour .
2012 : the big year for Britain and sport ...
Or so we 'd thought .
The London Olympics soon descended into farce when Tube workers called a three - week strike and Boris Johnson set his hair on fire while carrying the torch at the opening ceremony .
Tom Daley became the nation 's darling by winning gold in the diving , and on football pitches around the country children tried to copy him .
But he was stripped of his medal after testing positive for TCP , by then on the list of banned substances .
Daley claimed he was using it to treat his shaving rash , but his former diving partner Blake Aldridge was overheard telling his mum he spiked the pool .
Cricket should have given our sporting fans some joy and indeed , in 2013 England regained the Ashes on home soil , albeit with a team comprising only players born in South Africa .
A leak from inside the Australian Cricket Board had revealed that the Aussies toughened up their act by fielding a team comprising only convicts .
To combat declining interest in the game , the England and Wales Cricket Board pioneered a shortlived format in which bowlers had to juggle while running in and batsmen rode monocycles .
The shock news that Ryan Giggs was to be cloned was announced by Sir Alex Ferguson in 2014 , encouraged by stem - cell research that helped to reshape his nose and re-attach his chin .
The arthritic Welshman finally got to appear in a World Cup tournament at the age of 41 after Wales were given special dispensation to make their first appearance since 1958 , according to that new Fifa ruling allowing any country with a chip on its shoulder to qualify by virtue of relentless whingeing .
Fifa lived to regret that particular dispensation ...
A nation hung its head in shame the following year when England hosted the Rugby World Cup and the squad had , amid lurid allegations of drug - fuelled binges at their training camp in Bath , to move their base to the Priory Clinic .
Then they were eliminated in the quarter - finals by a physical Fijian outfit when the referee refused to believe that their multiple blood injuries were not faked .
After all the fuss about who would host it , the 2016 Olympics in Rio de Janeiro passed without anything remarkable happening .
Apart from Dwain Chambers narrowly missing out on gold for Swaziland in the synchronised swimming .
Scandal erupted ( again ) in the world of football when Arsenal won their first League championship under Arsène Wenger in 13 years in 2017 .
They were , Gooners are at pains to forget , stripped of the title when it was revealed that Wenger had fielded players as young as six in the Carling Cup .
In response to Arsenal 's resurgence and in an attempt to shore up his dwindling fortune , Roman Abramovich unveiled Chelsea 's latest signing , a cyborg that was half - robot , half - petulant teenager .
The experiment was discontinued after several London nightclubs were razed to the ground .
Of course , the World Cup finally " came home " after 52 years in ' 18 , a wave of patriotic hysteria resulting in an early General Election and the British National Party coming perilously close to power .
Not that it did England much good , as they lost in the final after goal - line technology went on the blink and Germany were awarded a controversial winner .
And so the decade has come to an end with Andy Murray emotionally announcing his retirement after losing in the Wimbledon final to Dwain Chambers , conceding that he will never win a Grand Slam event .
And , thankfully , the WAGs finally being released by President Mugabe .
Andrew Tong
About Us
We are small operation based out of Boston , MA and are lifelong knitters interested in creative ways to be more resourceful .
Reknitting has always been a part of our family tradition , and we hope to share it with as many people as possible .
Images from National Graphic Society Life in Rural America , 1974 .
This set at hi-res on flickr
By By Gemma Fox Jan 11 , 2010 in Technology
Teething problems face most new technology launches and Google 's Nexus One touchscreen smartphone is no exception .
Launched on January 5 , the rival to the iPhone has been plagued with faults and trying to get help has left customers confused .
However , as the first few blips creep in customers have been left confused about who they should contact regarding these faults and who to contact when asking a question .
The confusion has left many of the first customers to buy the phone unhappy and a series of query and complaint threads have appeared on the phones Some of the Customers in the USA are able to purchase the Nexus One either on contract with T - Mobile and in that case the phone would cost them $ 179 ( £ 112 ) or through Google where the handset would cost them $ 529 ( £ 331 ) .
Currently Google has n't released the phone in the UK and although they say that it will be available through the Vodafone network they have yet to set a release date or announce any prices .
One of the forums ' top threads is about the T - Mobile contract with confusion about how much people will pay for the phone .
With over 500 posts the confusion centres around whether existing T - Mobile customers will get a discount on the phone .
Currently only new customers will get the phone at $ 179 .
Other queries include customers asking how long their phone will take to get to them after ordering , problems with Wi -Fi and 3G .
One Has anyone been getting spotty to no 3g coverage ?
I switched from a moto cliq , where I had 3 - 4 bars of 3g in my house constantly , to a Nexus One .
I now either get 1 or no bars of 3g .
A Google employee replies :
We are investigating this issue and hope to have more information for you soon .
We understand your concern and appreciate your patience .
This response has been tagged " Best Answer " in a thread with over 500 responses .
The thread is also tagged as " Answered " .
Some customers have also written about problems getting it to work with existing Google accounts and synchronising contacts to the phone .
Others express their concern about the length of time it takes Google to respond to queries .
Google does say it will respond via email and advises that those responses could take a day or two .
Disgruntled customers have also written about how they 've been batted back and forth between handset maker HTC and the operator T - Mobile when asking for help .
Many say they are given conflicting information about the phone as to whether it supports 3G or not .
A popular view on the site is that , for the amount people pay for the handset , they should be able to contact a Nexus One helpline via phone .
Currently most queries on the forum remain unanswered .
A Google spokesperson said , " We 've worked closely with our Nexus One launch partners to make support available through a variety of channels .
This is a new way to purchase and support a mobile phone , and we 're committed to sorting out the few kinks that do exist . "
Finding answers to these issues is a major task for Google and they have a long way to go to catch up with the well established iPhone and Blackberry .
The Nexus One has been touted as the one to rival the iPhone and can be bought from Google and then used on most networks .
However , as the first few blips creep in customers have been left confused about who they should contact regarding these faults and who to contact when asking a question .
The confusion has left many of the first customers to buy the phone unhappy and a series of query and complaint threads have appeared on the phones support forums
Some of the complaints are about how customers are unhappy that Google only respond to them via email .
There is a call for Google to set up phone based support .
Customers in the USA are able to purchase the Nexus One either on contract with T - Mobile and in that case the phone would cost them $ 179 ( £ 112 ) or through Google where the handset would cost them $ 529 ( £ 331 ) .
Currently Google has n't released the phone in the UK and although they say that it will be available through the Vodafone network they have yet to set a release date or announce any prices .
One of the forums ' top threads is about the T - Mobile contract with confusion about how much people will pay for the phone .
With over 500 posts the confusion centres around whether existing T - Mobile customers will get a discount on the phone .
Currently only new customers will get the phone at $ 179 .
Other queries include customers asking how long their phone will take to get to them after ordering , problems with Wi -Fi and 3G .
One customer writes : A Google employee replies : This response has been tagged " Best Answer " in a thread with over 500 responses .
The thread is also tagged as " Answered " .
Some customers have also written about problems getting it to work with existing Google accounts and synchronising contacts to the phone .
Others express their concern about the length of time it takes Google to respond to queries .
Google does say it will respond via email and advises that those responses could take a day or two .
Disgruntled customers have also written about how they 've been batted back and forth between handset maker HTC and the operator T - Mobile when asking for help .
Many say they are given conflicting information about the phone as to whether it supports 3G or not .
A popular view on the site is that , for the amount people pay for the handset , they should be able to contact a Nexus One helpline via phone .
Currently most queries on the forum remain unanswered .
A Google spokesperson said , " We 've worked closely with our Nexus One launch partners to make support available through a variety of channels .
This is a new way to purchase and support a mobile phone , and we 're committed to sorting out the few kinks that do exist .
" Finding answers to these issues is a major task for Google and they have a long way to go to catch up with the well established iPhone and Blackberry .
More about Google , Smartphone , Nexus one , Faults , HTC
More news from google smartphone nexus one faults htc t-mobile
Jeff Gaspin , the chairman of NBC Universal Television Entertainment , said Tuesday that he underestimated the level of emotion that the network ’s late - night changes provoked .
Chris Haston / NBC
Speaking at a television syndication conference in Las Vegas , Mr. Gaspin said the emotions particularly affected Conan O’Brien , who had a brief tenure as host of “ The Tonight Show . ”
Earlier this month Mr. Gaspin engineered a plan to put Jay Leno back in late - night .
His proposal to push Mr. O’Brien back to 12:05 a.m. led the late - night host to exit NBC last week .
The rearrangement has tarred NBC , but when an on - stage interviewer asked whether the network had lost its nerve , Mr. Gaspin answered , “ It takes a lot of nerve to do some of the things we just did . ”
Mr. Leno returns to “ The Tonight Show ” on March 1 , following the Winter Olympics on NBC .
That same night , NBC restarts a normal 10 p.m. schedule .
“ We need a cleansing moment , ” Mr. Gaspin said .
“ The two weeks the Olympics are on are going to be a cleansing moment for NBC . ”
Mr. Gaspin noted that “ usually , you take the entire summer to launch a schedule .
We have between now and March 1 to relaunch our schedule . ”
Mr. O’Brien , meanwhile , is expected to find a new television home , perhaps at the Fox network .
The session moderator , Ben Grossman of Broadcasting & Cable , asked , “ Are you expecting to be competing with Conan this fall ? ” Mr. Gaspin answered , “ My guess would be yes , but I just do n’t know . ”
At the end of the session , Mr. Gaspin was asked what he had learned from the late - night reshuffling .
His answer :
Copenhagen —
Even under this city ’s low , leaden skies , at least one thing remained clear as leaders from 193 countries gathered to negotiate climate agreements : one ton of carbon dioxide emitted in the U.S. has the same effect as one ton emitted in India or anywhere else .
That simple truism is part of a huge body of data pointing to humanity ’s effect on climate , and for most negotiators , the weight of that evidence seems to have crushed any doubt they may have felt in the wake of the 1,000 - plus e-mails and computer code stolen from the University of East Anglia ’s Climatic Research Unit ( CRU ) .
The theft made headlines as “ Climategate ” in November , and many private correspondences among scientists became public .
Climate contrarians and politicians , including Senator James M. Inhofe of Oklahoma , have claimed that the messages show that climate science was far from settled , that “ tricks ” were used and that researchers hid unfavorable data .
In fact , nothing in the stolen material undermines the scientific consensus that climate change is happening and that humans are to blame .
“ Heat - trapping properties can be verified by any undergraduate in any lab , ” notes climate scientist Katharine Hayhoe of Texas Tech University .
“ The detection of climate change , and its attribution to human causes , rests on numerous lines of evidence . ”
They include melting ice sheets , retreating glaciers , rising sea levels and earlier onset of spring , not to mention higher average global temperatures .
“ Further increases in greenhouse gases will lead to increasingly greater disruption , ” said meteorologist Michael E. Mann of the Pennsylvania State University in a December 4 conference call with reporters .
Mann was among the scientists whose e-mails were exposed .
Some of the kerfuffle rests on a misreading of the e-mails ’ wording .
For example , “ trick ” in one message actually describes a decision to use observed temperatures rather than stand - in data inferred from tree rings .
Instead of implying deception , the word itself in science often refers to a strategy to solve a problem .
Even those scientific papers specifically challenged by the e-mails — one message vowed to keep them out of a report by the United Nations ’s Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change “ even if we have to redefine what the peer - review literature is ” — nonetheless made it into the most recent IPCC report .
Even if the CRU data “ were dismissed as tainted , it would not matter , ” argues IPCC contributor Gary Yohe of Wesleyan University .
“ CRU is but one source of analysis whose conclusions have been validated by other researchers around the world . ”
Other sources include NASA ’s Goddard Institute for Space Studies , the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration ’s National Climatic Data Center , and even the IPCC , all of which provide access to raw data .
But the messages revealed at least one lapse in judgment when CRU director Phil Jones sent Mann an e-mail asking him to delete any correspondence related to “ AR4 , ” referring to an upcoming IPCC report .
“ To my knowledge , no one acted on that request .
I did not delete any e-mails , ” Mann said .
The continuing existence of the e-mail itself would seem to support his contention , although his response at the time was to agree to contact a fellow scientist , “ Gene , ” as requested by Jones , who has stepped down as CRU director .
The stolen e-mails may ultimately provide a sociological window into the climate science community .
“ This is a record of how science is actually done , ” notes Goddard ’s Gavin A. Schmidt .
Historians will see “ that scientists are human and how science progresses despite human failings .
They ’ll see why science as an enterprise works despite the fact that scientists are n’t perfect . ”
“ Science has already played its role ” in the climate debate , explains Rajendra Pachauri , chair of the IPCC .
After all , IPCC authors had to achieve consensus with more than 190 countries as well as publicly respond to each comment on the draft documents .
“ Unfortunately , the [ climate ] negotiations are becoming solely political , ” Pachauri laments .
So the theft could become a factor .
“ Do I think it will have a significant effect on the judgment of lawmakers or public opinion ?
No , I don’t , ” remarks atmospheric scientist Michael Oppenheimer of Princeton University .
“ But you never know with these things . ”
When it added Public Citizen ’s defense of Julia Forte ’s 800 Notes.com to the Citizen Media Law Project database the Project took note of a bizarre motion filed by Vision Media , asking the court to prohibit any public discussion about its lawsuit , including blogging .
The motion is an apparent response to my email to Vision Media ’s counsel inviting them respond on this blog to my comments about their lawsuit .
Apparently not recognizing that Forte ’s motion for summary judgment is a public document available to the general public on PACER for $.08 per page ( or on RECAP for free ) , Vision Media objects to Public Citizen ’s having posted the motion on our own web site .
According to Vision Media , criticism of its having filed a frivolous lawsuit threatens the reputation of Hugh Downs , with whom Vision Media claims a relationship .
Apparently , Vision Media uses his name in the course of its telephone sales pitch to non-profits , and believes that trotting out his name in a court filing will make its request for a prior restraint seductive .
Curiously , neither our papers , nor my previous blog post , said anything about Downs , the former host of 20 / 20 .
One wonders how Downs would feel if he knew about Vision Media ’s hiding behind his name as an excuse for censorship , too .
Vision Media 's motion falsely claims that Forte herself has criticized Vision Media on her message board , when in fact all of the criticisms there are made by anonymous posters .
We have responded to Vision Media ’s motion , explaining that a prior restraint is not justified by concerns about the business impact of being criticized .
We will again invite Vision Media ’s counsel to respond .
The concept of free Christmas clipart is very much in vogue today .
Know more about clip arts for Christmas holiday .
Christmas Clipart
The concept of clipart is being used in case of almost each and every holiday , be it Christmas or New Year or any other occasion .
People make use of the free Christmas clipart available on the internet to personalize gifts as well as cards .
The method is very simple .
You just have to log on to any website that offers clip arts for Christmas holiday .
Thereafter , you may browse through their collection and after selecting the one that you like , take a print out .
You can use this downloaded clipart for decorating the gifts that you are planning to give or even make Christmas cards with the help of the clipart .
The clipart collection for Christmas is quite wide and you will easily find something to adorn each and every gift and card , whether it is for your friend , your mom , your husband or even your grandpa .
The free Christmas clipart available on the World Wide Web usually revolves around themes such as Christmas Graphics , Christmas Wreaths , Santa Claus , Reindeer , Rudolph , Candy Canes , Sleigh , Christmas Tree , Christmas Lights , Stars , Wise Men , Ornaments and Candles .
The hyped anticipation surrounding the Apple Event later this week is looking for clues as to exactly what the company might deliver .
One element of the anticipated new tablet 's software side is related to Apple 's 2005 acquisition of multitouch technology and expertise from FingerWorks .
This article features the evolution of the software side of tablets and technology related to multitouch interfaces .
The hardware side of historical tablet products was profiled earlier in The inside track on Apple 's tablet : a history of tablet computing .
The infusion of technology developed by FingerWorks meshed with research Apple had already been working on in the area of touch - based interfaces as an alternative to the keyboard .
Since the origins of the personal computer in the mid 1970s , the conventional keyboard has always been its primary interface .
But investigation into alternative finger touch methods of computer input was in progress at least as early as 1982 , when Nimish Mehta at the University of Toronto published research involving cameras , placed behind a translucent panel , that could record multiple touch points of a user 's hands .
Mice and then trackballs were added to provide pointer - centric navigation within the graphical environment that the Macintosh popularized in the 1980s .
Having a keyboard still remained essential in personal computing however , in many cases being more efficient than trying to use an alternative device to point to items in a menu .
The stylus takes on the keyboard : 1990s
In the 1990s , the idea of stylus - based " pen computing " questioned whether the keyboard was still absolutely necessary , particularly in mobile devices .
Apple 's 1993 Newton Message Pad offered an external keyboard accessory , but it was primarily designed to be used via its stylus , using a series of pen gestures and handwriting recognition for text input .
Apple also prototyped a PowerBook - based tablet system called the PenLite in 1993 , but did not release it to avoid affecting Newton sales .
The Newton 's advanced ink technology was criticized and mocked for its initial inaccuracy , a problem Apple largely corrected in its Newton 2.0 release .
By then however , many were convinced that its ink recognition technology was n't really feasible .
When Palm launched the Pilot in 1996 , it used a simplified alphabet system called Graffiti that greatly reduced recognition errors , although it also required learning a new handwritten input system of simplified letter forms .
Palm 's Graffiti input software had premiered on the Newton , but Apple 's PDA platform failed to reach a critical mass in sales .
Palm 's popular Pilot PDAs powered by Graffiti initially seemed to suggest a rosy future for stylus input as a keyboard alternative .
While compact external keyboards were available for it as well , the value of the Palm Pilot 's portability came largely from its pen .
in 1997 , Apple released a new Newton form factor : the eMate , which paired a stylus with a conventional keyboard in a mini-laptop design .
The device was aimed at education at a time when schools were unlikely to spring for full - powered , full priced notebooks for every student .
Before it had much time to be evaluated by the market however , the entire Newton line was pulled in early 1998 as Apple worked to focus on its most promising platforms in an effort to return to profitability .
Microsoft belatedly attempted to deliver its own alternative to Palm's PDAs by morphing its unsuccessful Handheld PC product line ( clamshell mini- laptops with keyboards ) into stylus - based Palm PC PDAs around 2000 ( they were later renamed Pocket PC after Palm objected to the name ) .
The company also attempted to resurrect Newton - style freehand handwriting recognition by licensing technology from Apple spinoff General Magic in 1998 .
Microsoft licensed its Pocket PC operating system ( built on the Windows CE kernel ) to a variety of hardware manufacturers over the decade of the 2000s , but the PDA category failed to materialize as a significant market .
Since 2001 , the company has also marketed a stylus - based tablet version of its desktop Windows platform ( based on the Windows NT / XP kernel ) , which has also been unsuccessful outside of a few niche markets .
Bill Gates ' 2001 prediction that " within five years [ the stylus - drive Tablet PC ] will be the most popular form of PC sold in America " simply failed to materialize .
On page 2 of 3 : Touch takes on the keyboard .
Touch takes on the keyboard : 2000s
The venerable keyboard survived unscathed through all the pen-centric hype of the 1990s , when the enthusiastic suggestion that mainstream users would migrate away from typing and back towards the older convention of writing with a stylus simply did n't pan out .
Instead , the use of keyboards began to expand and morph into the unrestricted touch - based interfaces long envisioned by science fiction writers .
Rather than advancing the efficiency of keyboard typing by shifting toward a supposedly more " natural " input system designed to mimic the ancient writing instrument ( as Pen Computing was largely seen to be fated to accomplish in the 90s , and as Gates predicted for the following decade ) , the stylus only gave users a slower , clumsier way to interact with their devices .
Vast sums invested into developing the technology to read handwritten text had failed to solve many of the problems associated with typing on a keyboard : the physical stress of writing was not much of an improvement over banging on a keyboard ; the input speed was much lower ; and benefits in the area of physical size were somewhat nullified by the inconvenience of having a stylus device that had to be stowed and was easy to lose .
Just as Palm 's stylus - driven PDAs began reaching the height of their popularity , Apple launched a mobile device that similarly avoided any use of a keyboard .
Rather than using a stylus input however , Apple 's new iPod used a mechanical scroll wheel which made navigating through its menus quick and easy .
It was not very good at entering any large amount of text , but it did become a very popular way to pilot through large music collections .
Starting in 2002 , Apple 's successive iPod designs used solid state ( non-mechanical ) touch - sensitive click wheels .
Apple had previously pioneered the use of touch - sensitive trackpads in its 1994 PowerBook 500 , which was the first notebook to use a solid state pointing device rather than a mechanical trackball or joystick .
Nearly a decade later , the company was now making touch - sensitivity the primary user interface for a new class of mobile devices .
Meanwhile , Palm and Microsoft began adapting their stylus - driven PDA operating systems to serve as mobile phones .
Palm 's
Treo line converted the conventional Pilot PDA into a device with a BlackBerry - like mini keypad and a stylus - driven screen .
Microsoft 's licensees developed a variety of devices with different combinations of mini-keyboards , full - sized sliding keyboards , and stylus - driven screens .
Microsoft 's original definition of its " Windows Smartphone " actually described a device without a touchscreen at all , navigated entirely by physical buttons .
Apple eyes FingerWorks : 2005
Early smartphone users commonly grew savvy enough at typing with their thumbs to simply ignore the unwieldy stylus provided to tap at the screen , particularly when entering text .
As stylus use rapidly fell out a favor , new keyboard technology was released by a startup called FingerWorks .
Its devices were essentially trackpads designed to respond to multiple touch points at once , enabling both keyboard - like chording and intuitive gestures similar to those used by the Newton , but performed by finger touch rather than a stylus .
FingerWorks was led by John Elias and Wayne Westerman , two pioneering multitouch researchers who had worked together at the University of Delaware .
After founding the company in 1998 , the pair produced a series of devices that served as multitouch trackpad devices , from the full TouchStream keyboards to the iGesture Pad , a multifunction , programmable mouse replacement peripheral .
The company gained positive reviews among an enthusiastic niche of power users and people with Repetitive Stress Injury , who reported that FingerWorks ' large , low - impact trackpad devices enabled them avoid the taxing pain associated with using mechanical keyboards .
However , the company continued to struggle to reach mainstream users up until its assets were mysteriously bought out by an unnamed source in 2005 .
It was later revealed that FingerWorks ' technology and founders had become part of Apple , after lawsuits against the Mac maker referenced its acquisition of FingerWorks .
Additionally , a series of new patents filed by Elias and Westerman were associated with Apple .
Over the next year and a half , research within the company adapted FingerWorks ' multitouch ideas from an opaque trackpad surface to a transparent layer of a capacitive touchscreen enabling the kind of direct , multitouch manipulation demonstrated by the iPhone in January 2007 .
On page 3 of 3 : Steve Jobs kills the stylus .
Steve Jobs kills the stylus
During Apple 's year and a half of multitouch development , Jeff Han at New York University 's Courant Institute of Mathematical Sciences demonstrated his own independent research into multitouch user interfaces at TED in February 2006 .
Han 's demonstration quickly spread interest in multitouch features .
After seeing the iPhone 's debut , Han reportedly said , " The iPhone is absolutely gorgeous , and I 've always said , if there ever were a company to bring this kind of technology to the consumer market , it 's Apple .
I just wish it were a bit bigger so I could really use both of my hands . "
At the iPhone 's introduction , Steve Jobs boldly announced that stylus - driven interfaces that Microsoft 's Gates had hailed just a half decade earlier were no longer worth investigating .
" Now , how are we going to communicate this ? "
Jobs said of the iPhone .
" We do n't want to carry around a mouse , right ?
So what are we going to do ?
Oh , a stylus , right ?
We 're going to use a stylus .
No .
Who wants a stylus ?
You have to get em and put em away , and you lose em .
Yuck .
Nobody wants a stylus .
So let 's not use a stylus . "
We 're going to use the best pointing device in the world .
We 're going to use a pointing device that we 're all born with — born with ten of them .
We 're going to use our fingers .
We 're going to touch this with our fingers .
And we have invented a new technology called multi-touch , which is phenomenal .
It works like magic .
You do n't need a stylus .
It 's far more accurate than any touch display that 's ever been shipped .
It ignores unintended touches , it 's super - smart .
You can do multi - finger gestures on it .
And boy , have we patented it . "
So we have been very lucky to have brought a few revolutionary user interfaces to the market in our time .
First was the mouse .
The second was the click wheel .
And now , we 're going to bring multi - touch to the market .
And each of these revolutionary interfaces has made possible a revolutionary product : the Mac , the iPod and now the iPhone . "
Competitors react to Apple 's touch
Microsoft responded to the iPhone by demonstrating its own multitouch system : a camera - driven , table - top appliance called the Surface , which is designed to act as a large information kiosk that can respond to multiple touch points and to specially barcoded objects placed on it .
However , the company has continued to sell a stylus - oriented interface for its ill - fated Tablet PC devices and Windows Mobile smartphones , with promises of a touch - based upgrade repeatedly delayed by technical problems .
Windows Mobile 7 with iPhone - like touch features is now expected no sooner than early 2011 , a full four years after the iPhone 's debut .
Despite far more limited resources and failing fortunes , Palm was able to deliver its own multitouch device in the Palm Pre just three years after the iPhone .
Palm 's development team greatly benefitted from an infusion of Apple talent , from executive Jon Rubinstein to iPhone engineers looking to work on new projects outside of Apple .
In addition to Palm and Microsoft , other companies have also found it difficult to follow Apple 's footsteps without also infringing upon its patented technology .
RIM found its development of the iPhone - like BlackBerry Storm to be both challenging and problematic , while Google has cautiously worked to take its Android " Windows Mobile - killer " and modify it to work more like the iPhone , without also running into any multitouch grievances with Apple .
The original Android prototypes were Windows Mobile - like devices with lots of physical buttons ; years later , they are looking more and more like the iPhone , with expanded use of touch interface features .
The future of touch
Outside of smartphones , Apple has also applied its multitouch technology in MacBook trackpads and the new Magic Mouse .
Both are rather conservative implementations of multitouch gestures which do n't require much specialized training from users .
For its tablet and future trackpad devices , Apple may introduce a new layer of sophistication in multitouch gestures .
Patent filings suggest the possibility of a new interface that manipulates objects represented in a deep three dimensional space .
It 's also possible Apple may release an advanced keyboard along the lines of FingerWorks ' original TouchStream , presenting a flat touchpad with zero force , multitouch input .
The company has steadily rolled out multitouch trackpad enhancements for its MacBook line , but has a long ways to go before it match the fancy gestures ( with potential to learn programmable functions ) that FingerWorks supported in its iGesture Pad and TouchStream keyboards .
FingerWork 's devices could enter modes suited to specific applications , such as games , Maya or Photoshop ; or specific uses , including general desktop control , search , text selection and styling , and browsing functions .
Many critics initially assailed the iPhone 's virtual keyboard , but the popularity of Apple 's smartphone since suggests tremendous potential for new applications of multitouch interfaces that augment or even replace the conventional mechanical keyboard .
In addition to helping users avoid RSI damage , touch sensitive input allows for a complex vocabulary of gestures , the input typing speed of a keyboard , the pointing accuracy of a mouse , and a customizable degree of complexity scaling from the needs of basic users to very advanced , specialized functionality .
Posted by John , December 16th , 2009 - under Socialism , Waste recycle workers .
Tags : Accountants , Advertising agents , Bankers , Capitalism , Cleaners , Hospital cleaners
Bankers are a pack of worthless , useless , value destroying arseholes .
And these money grubbing low life get paid millions to stuff things up and then survive on handouts from us and pay themselves huge bonuses for their ‘ success ’ .
It ’s good to know that the latest research , from the New Economics Foundation , backs me up .
According to their most recent report A bit rich : calculating the real value to society of different professions :
While collecting salaries of between £ 500,000 and £ 10 million , … City bankers … destroy £ 7 of social value for every pound in value they generate .
On the other hand they estimated that :
[ F ] or every £ 1 [ hospital cleaners ] are paid , over £ 10 in social value is generated .
It was the same with advertising agents and accountants ( social value destroyers ) and childcare workers and waste recycling workers ( social value creators ) .
Given the social value the City bankers destroy , we ’d actually as a society be better off without them ( and advertising agents and accountants to the rich and powerful . )
After all , sub - prime loans , derivatives like options and swaps in bond and foreign exchange markets , margin trading and short selling in the stock market , collateralised debt options , hedge funds , index futures , warrants … none of them create new value .
In fact by hiding real risk they create short term benefits for their creators and others .
However long term these ‘ innovative financial products ’ lay the groundwork for a collapse in financial markets with flow on effects to the productive economy where profit rates are stagnant .
At the moment it may be that we are in the upswing of a W shaped recession , but as Greece and much of Eastern Europe , along with Iceland and Ireland show , all is still not well in the fairy land of global capitalism .
Britain could be the next domino to fall after Greece .
The NEF uses their estimates to justify a curb on high pay as well as lifting the minimum wage .
It argues for a more progressive tax system and universal child care and paid parental leave .
It posits a program of millions of green jobs and suggests that we should be building social and environmental values into prices to to change relative profitability .
The NEF is a radical keynesian outfit .
Its solutions are developed within the framework of capitalism and the continued exploitation of the working class .
For example Eilis Lawlor , spokeswoman for the New Economics Foundation , argues for a radical re-ordering of pay structures .
She said :
Pay levels often do n’t reflect the true value that is being created .
As a society , we need a pay structure which rewards those jobs that create most societal benefit rather than those that generate profits at the expense of society and the environment .
This cannot happen under capitalism .
The bankers will continue to receive their bonuses for bullshit and hospital workers will be paid crap .
As Marx , Lenin and Trotsky argued , paying people according to the social value they create is one of the first tasks of a successful workers ’ revolution .
For example Trotsky in the Revolution Betrayed argues that :
in its first steps the workers ’ state cannot yet permit everyone to work “ according to his abilities ” – that is , as much as he can and wishes to – nor can it reward everyone “ according to his needs ” , regardless of the work he does .
He goes on to say :
In order to increase the productive forces , it is necessary to resort to the customary norms of wage payment – that is , to the distribution of life ’s goods in proportion to the quantity and quality of individual labor .
So while the NEF argues for solutions within capitalism , the logic of its position appears to me to be inexorable .
Capitalism can’t and wo n’t build social and environmental values into pricing .
Even if it did , the essential exploitative nature of capitalism would continue and the tendency of the rate of profit to fall would assert itself .
Only a fundamental re-ordering of society to one where production is organised democratically to satisfy human need can overcome the catastrophic profit cycle and reinvestment addiction and thus truly value human worth , not eventually in terms of money or pay , but in terms of contribution to society and then in the ultimate abolition of exchange value .
However that is but the first step .
As Marx wrote in the Critique of the Gotha Programme :
In a higher phase of communist society , after the enslaving subordination of the individual to the division of labor , and therewith also the antithesis between mental and physical labor , has vanished ; after labor has become not only a means of life but life ’s prime want ; after the productive forces have also increased with the all - around development of the individual , and all the springs of co-operative wealth flow more abundantly — only then can the narrow horizon of bourgeois right be crossed in its entirety and society inscribe on its banners :
From each according to his ability , to each according to his needs .
We are a long way indeed from that !
Nevertheless the NEF ’s research is worthwhile and useful in the struggle for a just society in the here and now .
Every time one of those apologists for finance capital starts telling us what a great contribution to society bankers make , we can quote the NEF ’s 7:1 value destruction ratio back at them .
Get rid of the bankers and their advertising and accounting mates .
Pay child care workers , hospital cleaners and waste recyclers much much more .
Pay postal workers and BA cabin crews much much more !
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Citigroup Inc repaid $ 20 billion to the United States , as the bank works to reduce government involvement in its compensation practices .
The bank sold $ 17 billion in common shares and $ 3.5 billion in convertible notes to help raise capital to repay the government .
Citigroup received $ 45 billion under the U.S. Troubled Asset Relief Program last year over two separate bailouts .
In a third bailout this year , the U.S. agreed to swap the Citigroup preferred shares it owned into $ 25 billion of common stock and another $ 20 billion of more debt - like securities .
Citigroup has repaid the $ 20 billion , but taxpayers still own common stock in the bank that is now worth about $ 25.2 billion .
The U.S. had planned to sell up to $ 5 billion of that stock alongside Citigroup ’s share offering , but demand for the bank ’s sale was so low that any government sale would have resulted in a loss for taxpayers .
Citigroup and the U.S. also ended an agreement to guarantee a roughly $ 250 billion portfolio of assets against losses .
With these steps , the bank is no longer subject to the oversight of U.S. pay czar Kenneth Feinberg , who had previously had say over compensation for the bank ’s top 100 employees .
Blueprint For How To Make Money With A Blog
Do you want to learn how to start a blog and build it to a point where it can provide a nice second income and build a nice buffer for your bank account ?
Are you lost when it comes to figuring out which blog engine to use , or what ways are the best to monetize your site ?
You ’re in the right place !
Buy the ebook package now below , or read on for more details !
I wrote the “ Blueprint For How To Make Money With A Blog ” e-book in order to show others how I was able to turn my small insignificant site into a highly monetized profit center for my family .
If you follow the directions in this e-book you ’ll give yourself a much better chance of succeeding as well .
Starting a blog is no easy task , and if you ’re doing it on your own , you ’ll need to learn through trial and error .
I know I made tons of mistakes along the way , mistakes that could have been avoided if I had only had someone giving me the information included in this e-book .
This e-book is written with the express purpose of helping to shorten the blog learning curve .
I am giving you the inside information that you need in order to make your blog succeed , and help your site to become a virtual money printing press .
This package is so much more than just an e-book , however .
We ’re including a whole blog success package , with all the tools you ’ll need to get your blog up and running , and bringing in revenue .
Blueprint For How To Make Money With A Blog Package : What You Get
Blueprint For How To Make Money With A Blog E-book
. MP3 Audio Version Of The E-book
Printable “ Start A Blog Checklist ”
Printable “ Daily , Weekly & Monthly Blog Tasks Checklist ”
Free Limited Time Bonus – Advice From Successful Bloggers E-Book
Imagine having someone who has grown a successful money making blog become your personal consultant to help walk you through creating your own income producing venture .
How much would you expect to pay for that ?
$ 200 ?
$ 500 ?
Thousands of dollars ?
I know some blog courses do in fact charge thousands of dollars .
Buy this ebook success package today and you ’ll get all the information you need to setup your own money making blog not for thousands of dollars , but for the value price of only $ 19.95 .
You ’ll make that back in a day or two !
What ’s In The E - Book ?
Still not sure that this e-book is for you ?
We would n’t expect you to purchase this e-book and blog success package without first getting a peek under the hood .
Here ’s a preview of some of the rich content that you ’ll find in the “ Blueprint For How To Make Money With A Blog ” e-book .
Blueprint For How To Make Money With A Blog Part 1 : Laying A Solid Foundation – Setting Up Your Site
: Laying A Solid Foundation – Setting Up Your Site Part 2 : Creating Content , Optimizing SEO And Promoting Your Site
: Creating Content , Optimizing SEO And Promoting Your Site Part 3 : Income Generators , Optimizing Ads And Helpful Site Tools Full Table Of Contents Part 1 Section 1 : How I Began Blogging
Section 2 : What Is A Blog ?
Section 3 : What Blogging Software Should I Use ?
Section 4 : Choosing A Niche , A Name For Your Blog And Buying A Domain Name
Section 5 : Buy Web Hosting For Your Site
Section 6 : Setting Up WordPress On Your New Host
Section 7 : Install A Custom WordPress
Theme
Section 8 : Install Plugins On Your Site to Increase Functionality
Section 9 : Setting Up Your WordPress Blog : Wrap - Up Part 2 Section 10 : Writing Content For Your Site
Section 11 : Search Engine Optimization For Blogs
Section 12 : Promoting Your Content
Section 13 : Getting Links Back To Your Articles
Section 14 : Creating Content And Promoting Your Blog : Wrap - Up Part 3 Section 15 : How Long Does it Take To Start Making Money With A Blog ?
Section 16 : Make Sure To Have A Privacy Policy , Disclaimer and Disclosure
Section 17 : Do n’t Let Ads Overwhelm Your Site
Section 18 : Different Advertising and Monetization Options
Section 19 : Ad Banner Networks , Affiliate Networks And GPT Websites
Section 20 : Creating Your Own Product To Sell : Ebooks , Online Classes , Membership Websites
Section 21 : Optimizing Your Ads For Better Performance
Section 22 : Websites And Tools To Help You Succeed
Free Bonus : Successful Bloggers Give Their Advice
For a limited time you can get a bonus report that will give you priceless blogging advice from 17 successful bloggers .
We solicited money making tips from the bloggers behind wallethacks.com , freemoneyfinance.com , frugaldad.com , robsutton.com , christianpf.com , wisebread.com , consumerismcommentary.com , erica.biz , moneyning.com , cashmoneylife.com , goodfinancialcents.com , mytwodollars.com , mydollarplan.com and others !
They responded with their best tips and tricks for having a successful money making blog .
There ’s a lot of great information in this bonus report !
Get it now while we ’re still offering it !
Customer Testimonials
It would take you months to learn all that ’s been included in this e-book and bonus material .
Save yourself some time and get the blueprint .
It ’s worth the price for the 2 checklists alone !
Phil Taylor
PT Money
If you want to make money from a blog this is a must read .
Period .
Follow this advice and you will be well on your way to earning from your blog !
Matt Jabs
Debt Free Adventure
I highly recommend the “ Blueprint For How To Make Money With A Blog ” ebook .
This ebook covers all the information you need to know to get a blog started , including the topic , software , domain name and hosting .
There are a lot of great suggestions for making money including explaining the different types of ads as well as how to write content that is more likely to make money .
Mike
ABCs of Investing
Is your blog earning pennies a day ?
Stop complaining and get this eBook .
If you value your time you ’ll invest the money and save HOURS of your time .
This eBook will give you the tactics needed to grow your blog .
No information overload .
No BS .
So stop reading “ get rich quick blogging ” books , pay the small cost , and let the magic begin !
MD
Studenomics
The information in this e-book is not only deep , but it ’s broad too .
Getting your blog off the ground with “ Starting a Blog Checklist ” , it dives deeper with daily , weekly , and monthly checklists to insure your blog is consistently on the right track .
Consistency is one of the hallmarks of a great blog and that ’s your goal , you have two choices : 1 . Find out eventually that everything in this e-book is true ( trial and error = 2 + years )
2 . Buy the e-book and learn the secrets to blogging success ( e- book = happiness today ) .
The e-book delves into areas such as advertising , promotion , search engine optimization , and which tools will help your blog grow beyond your wildest dreams .
I wholeheartedly recommend this e-book !
Ron Haynes
The Wisdom Journal
I would consider myself at least an intermediate level blogger and I keep finding new nuggets of wisdom in this e-book .
If you want a no nonsense how - to guide on supercharging your blog this is it .
Not just mamby pamby fluffy stuff but honest technical tips and solid advice .
Finally some incredibly practical and useful advice from someone who is actually doing it .
Worth every penny .
Highly recommended !
Paul Van Lierop
Fiscal Geek
Peter has created a guide that bloggers at any level can utilize to better dominate their niche .
Whether you are learning how to use WordPress or have been blogging for years , this guide will make you a better blogger .
I wish I had this guide when I started blogging over two years ago .
Kevin
No Debt Plan
Peter gives a great nuts and bolt overview in this book of what you need to get your blog off the ground and headed for profitability .
After you buy the ebook you ’ll notice that he points you to some valuable resources at the end of most modules .
Not only is Peter sharing what ’s worked well for his own blog and niche ; he ’s also incorporated the wisdom of great bloggers like Brian Clark ( CopyBlogger.com ) and Darren Rowse ( ProBlogger.net ) .
Be sure to check out the sections on ad targeting and optimization starting on page 32 , those can really make a difference for your blog !
Ben
Money Smart Life
I wish I had the tips in this e-book when I started out .
It took me a long time to gather most of this information myself and a LOT of mistakes on my part .
Peter is giving this advice to you all at once !
If I could go back in time with this e-book to when I started I ’d be paying off my cars with my site income ( if not more ) !
I ’ve known Peter and his site , Bible Money Matters , going back to around when he started .
He ’s always been a stand - up guy ready to help out a reader or fellow blogger .
Now he ’s giving out some of the best tips out there for practically nothing .
Do yourself a favor and give his Blueprint for How to Make Money With a Blog a read .
The Daily Blog Tasklist alone is priceless !!
Craig
Free From Broke
Peter ’s book is full of nuggets .
Just the daily / weekly / monthly blog checklists alone are worth their weight in gold .
Neal Frankle
Wealth Pilgrim
Blueprint for How to Make Money with a Blog has turned out to be an even more helpful of a resource than I could have ever imagined .
Recently , I experienced some web hosting issues with my blog , One Money Design .
At a loss for how to identify the problem and not getting much help from the current web host , I made a quick decision to move to a new host .
Pete ’s instructions from identifying a web host , setting up your domain name to point to a new host and other instructions provided me the information I needed to get the job done !
I even used Pete ’s webhost and the coupon from the ebook .
I could n’t be happier with my decision .
I ’m pleased with the support from my new host , my issue is resolved and my blog ’s performance has improved greatly !
The e-book is full of excellent instruction and tips to run a professional blog .
I highly recommend it .
Jason Price
One Money Design
Your How to Make Money With A Blog Package Includes :
Blueprint For How To Make Money With A Blog E-book .
The e-book is 35 pages long and contains 14,000 + words .
Step by step instructions on creating a money making blog .
Everything from choosing a name and domain name , to pointers for writing great content and monetizing your site .
You ’ll find tips and tricks that can help you avoid so many of the frustrations that so many have when starting their sites .
.
The e-book is long and contains .
Step by step instructions on creating a money making blog .
Everything from choosing a name and domain name , to pointers for writing great content and monetizing your site .
You ’ll find tips and tricks that can help you avoid so many of the frustrations that so many have when starting their sites .
Audio Version Of The E- book : Listen to the e-book .mp3 on your Ipod !
Strategize on how to create your money making blog while you drive to and from work !
: Listen to the e-book .mp3 on your Ipod !
Strategize on how to create your money making blog while you drive to and from work !
Printable “ Start A Blog Checklist ” : Included is a printable .pdf checklist of tasks that you ’ll need to perform to get your blog up and running , and on the road towards making an income .
Check them off as you complete them !
: Included is a printable .pdf checklist of tasks that you ’ll need to perform to get your blog up and running , and on the road towards making an income .
Check them off as you complete them !
Printable “ Daily , Weekly & Monthly Blog Tasks Checklist ” :
Once you ’re up and running you ’ll need to execute daily actions to keep your site growing , and to get the income trending up .
This .pdf checklist will be a daily reminder of the tasks you need to perform on a daily , weekly and monthly basis .
: Once you ’re up and running you ’ll need to execute daily actions to keep your site growing , and to get the income trending up .
This .pdf checklist will be a daily reminder of the tasks you need to perform on a daily , weekly and monthly basis .
Free Limited Time Bonus – Advice From Successful Bloggers E-Book : I solicited advice on making money with a blog from 17 successful bloggers , and they responded .
This content is added as a limited time bonus , so get your e-book now !
Satisfaction Guaranteed
When you order your copy of the “ Blueprint For How To Make Money With A Blog ” package , we ’re so confident that you ’ll love the e-book and other materials that we ’re offering a 30 day money back guarantee .
If for any reason you ’re not satisifed with your purchase , just contact us within 30 days with your payment information and we ’ll credit your paypal account .
Get the instant digital download now .
Pay by PayPal .
The price is $ 19.95 .
Once payment has been made you will be sent an encrypted download link via email .
Click on the link in order to download the .zip file containing all your resources .
| Shopping Cart |
Enterprise ASP.NET Solutions
Using our expert ASP.NET web app development services , we ’ve developed many robust and customized enterprise web apps and made much of the code redundant .
While increasing the scalability and viability of your project , you can develop cost - efficient solutions with the help of the various custom libraries that Asp .
Net MVC technology has to offer .
Rise to the Challenge
Book reviews are a great way for readers to get a taste of the story and find out if they ’re interested in it , plus gather reviewers ’ opinions or recommendations on a novel .
People who read books and review them must walk a fine line , revealing information about the story without giving away the plot twists or ending , while writing as objective an opinion as possible .
It may not be the job for everyone , but for those who love books and are ready for the challenge of reviewing them , it is possible to earn compensation for their hard work .
Practice Makes Perfect
For those who have never written a review or have written only a few , getting experience with writing reviews is essential .
Publishers wo n’t hire individuals with no experience with reviewing , no matter how clever a writer they may be otherwise .
Studying reviews by other writers is necessary to learn style , format , and structure , as well as becoming familiar with the content and review genres that are being published .
Understanding the market will put a new reviewer on the right road to selling their own work .
Making a Name
Once the reviewer has some writing experience and some understanding of the field , getting their work into the public arena is the next step .
This probably wo n’t include payment at first .
Though some exceptional new writers may be accepted by paying publishers , most reviewers find that they need to volunteer their work to make a name for themselves and to gain attractive credentials to put on their resumes or queries when hunting for paying jobs .
There are an enormous number of book review sites on the Internet that are willing to assess and publish voluntary reviews , but print magazines or newspapers may also consider free reviews .
Reviewers can also benefit from creating a website or blog to display their work .
Finding a Paying Publisher
After getting a few bylines to their name , the reviewer can then consider applying to a paying publisher for a review job .
Reviewers need to explore the market before sending queries , to make sure that they find a good match for their type of reviews .
Publishers come in all shapes and sizes , from small to mega publications , online and offline book , magazine , and newspaper publications .
Publishers interested in freelance book reviewers can be found in writer ’s markets , classified ads , and employment search engines .
Writing a professional query letter that follows the publisher ’s submission guidelines is essential to show serious interest and competence .
Most publishers will also require a review sample to assess the quality of the reviewer ’s work .
Be Proactive
Once a reviewer lands a paying job , they need to be able to keep it .
Of course , writing interesting reviews is top priority , but it ’s also necessary to keep updated and educated .
Reviewers need to continue reading other reviews , updating their own styles and approaches to reviewing , plus being aware of the changes in the market itself .
A reviewer who is proactive and up to date will always be appreciated by publishers and find a secure home in the world of book reviewing .
Image Credit – Ian Wilson
Scientists at the Southwest Foundation for Biomedical Research ( SFBR ) have for the first time developed a highly sensitive means of detecting the seven types of botulinum neurotoxins ( BoNTs ) simultaneously .
The BoNT - detecting substances are antibodies -- proteins made by the body to fight diseases -- found in llamas .
BoNT are about 100 billion times more toxic than cyanide , and collectively , they are the only toxins in the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) ' category A ' list of potential bioterror threats alongside anthrax , Ebola virus and other infectious agents .
The llama antibodies , called single domain antibodies ( sdAb ) or " nanobodies , " are molecularly flexible , unlike conventional antibodies .
" As such , sdAb may allow biosensors to be regenerable and used over and over without loss of activity .
Also , for some types of BoNT , conventional antibodies are not generally available and we are filling this biosecurity gap , " said Andrew Hayhurst , Ph.D. , an SFBR virologist .
Since some sdAb have been shown to have inhibitory activity and can block toxin function , they may play a role as part of a future anti-botulism treatment .
The new work , funded by the Defense Department 's Defense Threat Reduction Agency Medical Diagnostics Program , is described in the Jan. 21 issue of the journal PLoS ONE .
BoNTs are made by specific strains of the bacterium Clostridium , which are widely distributed in soils and aquatic sediments .
Most cases of botulism are the result of improperly stored foods , which can encourage growth of Clostridia and production of toxin , which is then ingested .
BoNTs are extremely potent and target the nervous system , resulting in paralysis that can be so severe as to require life support on a mechanical ventilator for weeks to months .
Countermeasures to prevent and treat botulism , such as vaccines and therapeutics , are extremely limited .
Consequently , the ability to detect these toxins in the environment is critically important .
" We not only aim to use the antibodies in BoNT detection tests , but also to understand how they bind and inhibit these fascinating molecules , " Hayhurst said .
" We are also striving to improve our test by making it more sensitive such that one day it may be able to detect much smaller amount of toxins found in patients ' blood .
Since BoNT also have therapeutic applications with carefully controlled preparations and dosing regimens , there is also an increasing need to monitor BoNT levels in these treatments . "
In the new study , a llama was immunized with harmless versions of seven types of BoNT , blood taken to provide antibody producing cells .
Using bioengineering techniques , the antibody genes were cloned and the resulting antibodies were tested for their ability to detect BoNT in a selection of drinks , including milk .
Hayhurst and his team are continuing to study the molecular interactions of the llama antibodies to find out why they are so specific and why some of them inhibit toxins .
The laboratory capabilities of SFBR enabled this research to be performed according to all applicable federal guidelines of biosafety and biosecurity under the CDC Select Agent Program .
WELCOME BACK we missed you , we love you , we ’re glad you ’re back .
This is the last day of the trial where evidence ( like witnesses ) can be entered , and also the day we say goodbye to the man who has brought us such a bright and beautiful rainbow of feelings , Dr. David Blankenhorn .
Does it feel like the last episode of Friends ?
Are you going to cry ?
I hope not .
His cross-examination continues right … now !
If you ’re a person of the future , catch up on the entire trial here : Judgment Daze .
And look , we made it all the way to the end without Alex fixing the typo in the Judgment Graphic .
However , it is good looking is n’t it ?
And as Alex has pointed out , they spell it that way in the UK .
Queerty was watching yesterday and they also found Blankenhorn to be a big disaster .
Part One :
Blankenhorn on Blankenhorn ’s Feelings
This is pretty much more of what we did yesterday , asking Blankenhorn to tell us his feelings about marriage ( since he is not actually an expert on anything and feelings are all he is qualified to talk about ) .
Boies begins by asking if marriage is or is not “ a public good ” – I remember this term from my Intro to Econ class , but I do n’t think he means the same thing , because I think in that context it meant highways or something .
But Blankenhorn ( I want to shorten his name so bad ) ( Blanky ? ) says it is indeed a public good , which means it “ benefits society . ”
The logical conclusion of this , and what Boies forces him to say out loud , is that it also benefits gay people and their families – “ Yes , I believe same sex marriage is almost certain to benefit gay and lesbian couples and their children . ”
ME TOO .
Now there is some confusing stuff where they are reading a really important but really specific sentence from the book , and because I ’m writing this thirdhand I do not really know what the sentence is but apparently it has to do with throwing queers under the bus for “ the greater good . ”
( Did n’t they say that in Star Trek ?
OMG WHAT IF HE IS A VULCAN ) Reluctantly , Blankenhorn is like “ Yeah , I said that . ”
Or more specifically , “ To the degree that I must choose , with some anguish , I would choose children ’s ’ collective good and the institution of marriage … ” I THOUGHT YOU SAID IT WASN ’T AN INSTITUTION , IT WAS PEOPLE WHO LOVE EACH OTHER .
Sorry .
I hate him .
He ’s really pissy about having to say this out loud , though .
Boies : I thought you would agree with what I read ( because they are your words ) .
Blankenhorn : I do agree ( whining again , like a little boy ) , but I am writing about goods in conflict .
I do not believe that ( gay marriage ) is bad .
Two “ goods ” in conflict .
Who published this book ?
It sounds shitty .
Two good things in conflict with each other is a dumb conflict , any English major can tell you this .
Or anyone who ’s been crucified by their Writing Workshop .
Also , Blankenhorn is so whiny .
I think he might get put in timeout .
Can you do that in court ?
Boies :
Your honor would you instruct the witness to be responsive to my questions and not make statements no matter how important he thinks they are .
Blankenhorn : I am making important points !
I do not need those instructions !
Judge Walker :
If this were a jury trial , the jury would be instructed to weigh the witness ’s background and other factors .
One of those factors is the witness ’s demeanor .
If the witness is not responsive to the questions , that affects the jury ’s weighing of his testimony .
I ’m sure you would not want your testimony to be diminished by your demeanor .
So please be responsive to the questions .
Your counsel will have a chance to allow you to expand on points .
I ’m going to be honest , I kind of imagine him having Stewie ’s voice from Family Guy .
And at the end of the trial , Lois will appear to give him a bottle of formula and he ’ll spit up on her shoulder and then fall asleep .
They ’re looking at a list of points that Blankenhorn apparently published in his book – I want to write them all here , but there are 23 of them , so I dunno .
That ’s Michael Jordan ’s number .
We ’re going through them one by one and talking about which ones Blankenhorn agrees with and which ones he does n’t .
Most people have to pay for therapy to talk about their feelings this much !
Let ’s try to do this quickly .
One statement that B agrees with is that “ Marriage lite ” schemes such as civil unions and domestic partnerships can harmfully blur the distinctions between marriage and non marriage . ”
When we get into a discussion of where he found information to support this statement , he cites Maggie Gallagher and then gets all snippy about why she is n’t considered “ a scholar . ”
She is very “ intellectually serious , ” he says .
I would have called her beady - eyed and spiteful with a bad haircut , but I guess the beautiful thing about America is that we ’re each entitled to our opinion on that .
Also dude , you went to Harvard .
Man up !
When we get into an argument about whether or not any of the other documents he cite actually support his claim at all , Blankenhorn gets very petulant , and finally backs down to “ I believe a reasonable reader reading these materials would agree that this author states or suggests that homosexual marriage is likely to weaken institution of marriage . ”
Ok , “ reasonable ” like Maggie Gallagher ?
Because , um …
I ’m just saying , there are a lot of reasonable and literate people out there , and a lot of them disagree with you .
Now he ’s equivocating between the terms “ stated ” and “ suggested … ” I ’m just going to drop a little Rick Jacobs wisdom here , because I ’m thinking the same thing but he ’s putting it better than I could .
Tam did not bother me .
He ’s just an inflexible old guy .
Blankenhorn is sanctimonious and dangerous because he is infinitely flexible , likes to play with words and that can hurt people .
YES .
That is what is creeping me way the hell out about this dude .
It ’s true he ’s not a very good witness , but 99 % of what he does is outside a courtroom – and even though a smart lawyer and a smart judge can see that his ideas are made up , I ’m not sure the average person can .
I feel like this guy is really good at what he does , and what he does is Make Our Lives Miserable .
He ’s kind of in the same boat as Maggie Gallagher and Brian Brown , where their whole shtick really is being “ reasonable ” and “ nice ” and “ wearing sweatervests ” – I guess what I am saying is that if the anti-gay movement is working , and in some ways it is , it ’s because of people like this guy .
And so reading what he says word for word and thinking about him laughing on the witness stand is kind of giving me chills .
ANYWAYS !
Mostly things are kind of devolving here , because Blankenhorn is getting whiny and does n’t want to answer questions .
I am confused about how he could have watched the previous 10 days of this case and not thought any of this was going to happen .
Let me just show you the transcript , and you tell me if it makes any sense .
Boies :
One of the thing he says is that legalizing same sex marriage would at most have a small effect on the percentage of fatherless children .
Blankenhorn : Let me read it .
Boies : I understand , but do you see what I said ?
Blankenhorn : I do see it .
Boies :
Take as much time as you like to review the context and let me know when you are ready .
Blankenhorn : I ’ve finished .
Boies :
Do you agree that legalizing same sex marriage would have at most a small effect on the percentage of fatherless children ?
Blankenhorn :
Do you want to know what he is saying ?
Boies : I want to know what his words are , not what you think they are .
Blankenhorn :
That ’s not what he means , but if you do n’t want to know , that ’s okay .
( Pouting ) …
Judge Walker :
There is a question here , Mr. Blankenhorn .
Blankenhorn :
Do you wish me to stop my inquiry ?
I ’ll stop if you want me to .
I ’m going for clarity …
Yes !
I was right !
It came from an Nobel - prize winning economist !
That ’s why I footnoted it !
I have no idea what just happened .
But I know that if I were his mom , he would not get any dessert tonight , because he is acting Very Spoiled .
And so you know the actual content of what just happened , Boies asked if there ’s any precedent for legislating family structure , and Blanksy was like “ Well , we banned polygamy For The Children , ” and Boies was like “ Really ?
Are you an expert on polygamy ?
Do you know why it was banned ? ” and Blankenhorn was all “ Nuh uh !
I never said that !
I do n’t wanna ! ”
Blankenhorn keeps asking if he can consult his book , and really , guy , has anyone else had do to that ?
No , not even Miller .
Boies is pushing him to talk about what he apparently references in his book as “ the three rules of marriage ” – Blankenhorn has been really unwilling to talk about it , but now we ’re finally getting there .
Apparently his three Golden Rules of marriage are :
+ A man and a woman ( except he calls it “ the rule of opposites , ” how adorable ! )
+ Marriage is between two people ( and zero horses )
+ It is a sexual relationship .
These are , as he says , the “ essential structures . ”
Ahaha , Boies just asked him if he ’s aware that in other cultures the marriage structure is n’t limited to one man and one woman ; Blankenhorn says he “ has n’t troubled himself to look at them . ”
Aw , he knows about Massachusetts .
That ’s cute .
Boies asks him if he ’s aware of any cases of same - sex structures prior to the last 50 years .
( IT IS LIKE PULLING TEETH . )
After much hemming and hawing , he says he can think of “ one instance in a human group . ”
The one instance he is aware of is this :
“ Society in Africa , it no longer happens this way , the men of this group lived in military barracks and the adult men would have sexual relationship with a young boy .
Anthropologists translated this to marriage .
The man would give gifts to the parents and the boy would be servant and sexual partner .
The boy would outgrow this and then marry a woman .
There was a period of time in warrior society , the males , as I say would like in a military type of barracks , the men would have a relationship with an adult child .
It was not viewed as deviant .
Kinship groups were accepted .
Evan Richman (? ) translated this as man-boy marriage , but said he uses word “ advisedly . ”
Others talk about this in Ritualized Homosexuality , but it ’s a phase of life that has a marriage - like quality to it .
It ’s transitory , and men go onto marry women . ”
Let me get this straight .
Homosexuality is a ) outdated and backwards b) only exists naturally in “ exotic ” “ primitive ” places like Africa ( also , where in Africa ?
The entire f*cking continent ?
It ’s not a country !
There are 53 different nations ! ) c ) is temporary and d ) is the same thing as pedophilia ( is that what “ adult child ” means ? ) .
Is there anyone this anecdote is not offensive to ?
Boies ( very respectfully , I think ) points out that like the exact same thing happened in Ancient Greece , but Blankenhorn snipes that that was n’t marriage , that was “ a marriage - like relationship . ”
Um , how is that any different from what we just talked about ?
Also , were you concerned we were n’t going to talk anymore about polygamy ?
If so , rest easy :
Boies :
You are aware that there have been far more polygamous marriages than marriages of two people ?
Blankenhorn : 83 % of societies permit polygamy .
It ’s a very different issues as to how many marriages are polygamous .
[ pronoun ? ] still have marriages between two people .
Boies :
Is it your judgment that prior to the last 100 years in China and India there were many polygamous marriages ?
Blankenhorn : Yes , but I need to answer with another statement .
Boies : Keep it short .
Blankenhorn :
In those societies , men would still marry one woman at a time .
A rich man would then marry other women , but each woman is a separate marriage , so it ’s still one man and one woman .
WHAT THE FUCK ?
That variable he is totally willing to swap out at the drop of a hat but not gender ?
This is infuriating , because it means their “ slippery slope ” is not even a slope , it ’s just , like , level , like a football field or something .
Apparently they ’re not even concerned about polygamy ?
It ’s not even actually a problem in their cracked - out the - Rapture - is - coming worldview ?
It was really just the gays the whole time , they were more upset about the queers than about one dude marrying eight women and having some of them be twelve ?
Can we be done now ?
Seriously ?
I feel like there must be some secret clause in legal proceedings that when someone says something this f*cking stupid , they automatically forfeit the case for their team .
Like losing the Snitch .
The polygamous Snitch .
Boies :
Is that consistent with your rule of two ?
Blankenhorn : Based on the studies of the finest anthropologists , this fits the rule of two .
Boies :
But you are just a transmitter .
You do n’t do the work .
Blankenhorn : I am not a transmitter !
Stop putting words in my mouth !
Boies : ( Puts transcript of depo in front of him . )
Blankenhorn : Gotcha moment !
You are right !
I did say that seven months ago in a deposition !
Gotcha moment !
It is one of the saddest things in our generation that this was not televised .
How many times would you watch that on loop ?
How many times ?
How many people would then auto - tune and remix it ?
I AM SO SAD ABOUT THIS YOU GUYS .
We lost a national treasure the day that SCOTUS ban came down .
I do n’t even want to recap this , I really want you to read all of this .
Nothing I write is going to be this good .
Boies :
Are there any cases of marriage without sexual relations ?
Blankenhorn :
You mean are there people who marry and do n’t have intercourse ?
Boies : I was not going to ask that , but since you did , let ’s .
That ’s easy .
The answer is yes ?
Blankenhorn : I was going to say no .
Hypothetically it ’s possible that a prisoner could marry and not have sex because he is incarcerated .
And maybe there are couples who do not like to have sex .
It ’s not a pattern ( He yammers on and on . )
Boies :
You are aware that there was Supreme Court case that allows prisoners to marry even though they cannot have sex ?
Blankenhorn : Do n’t put words in my mouth !
I am not aware .
Speaking of sex and marriage , HE IS MARRIED .
There is some woman on earth who has this man come home and expect her to have sex with him .
Can you imagine that ?
Do you think he screams “ Do n ’t put words in my mouth ! ” when he comes ?
Am I allowed to say that ?
This dude is weirding me out .
Like , I get that he does n’t know what he ’s talking about , neither did any of the other defense witnesses , but this is the first dude to get angry at Boies because he does n’t know what he ’s talking about .
It ’s a little weird , yannow ?
Basically , this guy ’s PMSing is hurting his side way more than his actual lack of knowledge , because it ’s making him look crazy AND dumb .
Like , he just seems genuinely outraged that he is expected to know any of the stuff he ’s an “ expert ” on .
Boies : [ This document ] says marriage has at least six important dimensions .
Do you agree with that ?
Blankenhorn :
That marriage has six dimensions ?
Oh my goodness .
( Sigh )
Do you want me to day on word - by - word basis that I agree with everything in the following two paragraphs I ’d have to re read it .
I signed the document , but I ’d have to reread it .
We go through actual scholarly articles on the issue of same - sex marriages – you know , the ones endorsed by the American Psychological Association and other reputable organizations , the ones that say there is no rational way of thinking that same - sex marriage could hurt anyone – and Blankenhorn confirms that while he ’s aware of them , he has n’t read most of them .
He sounds disaffected and bored just talking about them .
I ’m going to be honest , if he ’s “ looked for ” anti-gay animus with the same gusto that he ’s apparently “ looked for ” actual research on gays , I ’m not surprised he has n’t found it .
Boies : NO singularly accepted universal definition of marriage .
Marriage constantly evolving .
Blankenhorn : Yes sir .
I wrote those words in my book .
Boies :
No further questions , your honor .
… and then Boies stepps onto the ray of golden sunlight that has appeared in the center of the courthouse and ascends directly into Heaven , where Jesus has a beer waiting for him .
That ’s it for cross !
Part Two :
Last Words
Cooper the h8er has a few minutes left with this dude to salvage that weird , surreal reality - television - worthy set of inappropriate outbursts and childlike behavior .
Good luck , bro .
Cooper reads from page 3 of Blankenhorn ’s book that “ Many thinkers , perhaps most notably Isaiah Berlin , points out that most choices are between good and good rather than good and bad .
Concept of goods in conflict is central to my thinking .
One good is dignity of all persons .
Other is child ’s birthright to mother .
These goods are at least partially in conflict . ”
Which is supposed to prove that just because Blankenhorn is okay with your children being taken away from you on a whim because you ’re not married / their legal parent , that does n’t mean he dislikes you , or thinks same - sex marriage is bad , or is homophobic .
It ’s just less good than the institution of marriage that Britney Spears , Charlie Sheen , and my parents got to uphold .
How can you argue with that ?
Blankenhorn talks for a while about his beautiful vision of the world in which we have domestic partnerships and he has marriage and we all meet for coffee and laugh over how silly and out of hand this whole mess got , and wipes a wistful tear from his eye .
I throw up in my mouth a little , and then thankfully it ’s over !
This happens !
Cooper :
And so I have no further questions .
Judge Walker : Thank you Mr. B , you may step down , thank you for your testimony .
Judge Walker :
Any more witnesses ?
Cooper : No further witnesses .
Part Three :
And Then They Came To The End
There is some Legal Talk after this , about which documents are being submitted when to who – apparently there are still some “ motions to compel ” standing , so someone is trying to force some people to testify and I guess if that works we might reconvene and start this circus up again , but for right now things seem pretty chilled out .
I ’ll paste the very last words of the trial here , because I am too dumb to know exactly what they mean and you can probably figure it out better yourself :
Judge Walker :
Here ’s what I ’d like .
I ’d like to take time to go over this material .
I do n’t think at this time it ’s helpful to have post - trial briefs .
You may very well find it useful to submit your proposed findings of law tied to evidence .
You ’ve already submitted your proposed findings of law .
I realize that you do have a lot of material to go through .
I ’ll be guided by your suggestion for amount of time you need .
I ’d like to review those and then set a date for closing argument .
Then I ’ll probably tee up some questions that have come to the fore to give you the opportunity to address in closing arguments .
I would like to leave the date open now .
But when the time comes , I ’ll have the clerk call both parties with a range of dates so that you can work that out with your schedule .
How long ?
Boutrous : 30 days would be fine with us .
Cooper : 30 days should be adequate , your honor .
Judge Walker :
Why do n’t we set February 26th .
Alright February 26th and probably by that time I ’ll have a much better idea of closing argument schedule .
So … what does that mean ?
There is a sexy lesbian lawyer out there who could answer this better , but for now I ’m just going to say that it means we ’re done , and also not done .
Judge needs to chill out for a while , get his shit together , try to get out much of the last few witnesses in therapy .
So , about this time next month , we will still not be done , but … be closer to it ?
I ’m sorry , this is turning out anticlimactic .
But there ’s good news !
Do you want to know the good news ?
I love Boies , and you love Boies , and we all scream for ice cream , and THERE ’S A TSHIRT YOU GUYS .
Apparently the Boies love was just as strong on the Trial Tracker website as on Autostraddle , and since they are working with , you know , a budget , they made a t - shirt just so we could express our feelings on this subject !
You do n’t have to get one , BUT Valentine ’s Day is coming and this would look hot on your girlfriend .
And on you .
Buy it for your girlfriend , take it off , and then you can wear it .
A portion of the proceeds go to Courage Campaign , so this would be a nice way to thank them for being our # 1 source on everything Prop h8 related .
They request that if you ever run into David Boies while wearing it , you take a picture .
And that ’s all , folks !
It ’s been fun !
Autostraddle will obvs be updating you on any new developments in the case ; meanwhile , I hope you got something out of this , even if it was only the inspiration to create your own LolTam images .
Be safe , make good choices , we love you !
Also , you should donate to the Courage Campaign who made the Prop 8 Trial Tracker possible .
Without them , this would not be possible .
DO IT FOR CAT CORA .
Where the material conditional gets its truth conditions
Oh , the material conditional .
Some love it , some hate it .
But can we all agree that explaining it to the uninitiated is a perennial headache ?
If you ’ve taught baby - logic , you know how this goes .
There you are , giving a just lucid shpeel on deductive systems , until you get to this part :
A B A→B T T T T F F F T T F F T
and the tires screech to a halt .
Why are those bottom two values True ? — they demand .
The first two rows do n’t bother them .
But if A is false , why should it be that A → B is true , regardless of the truth of B ?
You could just say it ’s a convention , get over it .
But why is this the convention adopted in classical logic ?
My colleague Jonathan Livengood and I discussed this , and came up with a better answer :
Suppose we agree on the first two rows of the above truth table .
If implication ( → ) is both non-trivial and asymmetric , then this its only possible truth table .
Here ’s why .
Start by writing down all the possibilities for these bottom two rows .
There are only four , and A → B has to be one of them .
A B ( 1 ) ( 2 ) ( 3 ) ( 4 ) T T T T T T T F F F F F F T T F F T F F F T F T
Column 1 is trivial , because it has the same values as B .
If this were the correct column , then saying A → B would mean the same thing as just saying B .
So , assuming → is not trivial , we can throw this column out .
Column 2 has a symmetry property that implication does n’t .
Namely , it stays the same if we reverse the A and B cells .
If this were material implication , then A → B would be true if and only if B → A is true .
So , assuming → is asymmetric , we can throw this column out too .
( This column is actually the usual truth table for A ↔ B. )
Column 3 has exactly the same problem : it stays the same when we reverse the cells containing A and B .
So we can throw it out for the same reason .
( This column is actually the usual truth table for A&B .
So , plausibly , we can also observe that “ implies ” should mean something different than “ and . ” )
And that ’s it !
If → is non-trivial and asymmetric , then Column 4 is the only option left : the standard , not - just - conventional truth table for material implication .
Click to viewIt was exactly a year from the time Axiotron first debuted their touchscreen MacBook at Macworld 2007 to the time we got the first hands - on of it at Macworld 2008 , and that year of development time seems to have done the company some good .
Not only is this ModBook the touchscreen Mac Apple fans have been looking for , it 's got all the components of a MacBook , which means it 's not a low - powered , stripped down , gimped version ( MacBook Air ) that sacrifices performance for the tablet pen sensitivity .
And for that , we 're thankful .
Advertisement
The Pros :
• It 's essentially a MacBook .
They 've taken a Core 2 Duo MacBook with Leopard , replaced the standard screen with a Wacom Penabled Digitizer and even stuck a GPS inside .
• The screen is bright , but matte ( not glossy like the new MacBook Pro models ) , so images are a bit fuzzier than my MacBook Pro .
• Handwriting recognition works well in inkBook ( the included app )
• The screen is scratch / fingerprint free and pretty durable
Advertisement
The Cons :
• It 's heavier than a standard MacBook , because of its " aircraft grade magnesium alloy " , which means it 's not quite as portable as you 'd like
• The standard digitizer pen is usable , but slightly flimsy
• No keyboard means typing is a pain
• Expensive ! $ 2279 and $ 2479 .
• No way to orient the screen vertically like a clipboard
If you 're looking for a touchscreen Apple laptop that lets you actually draw on the screen ( similar to the idea of the Wacom Cintiq Jesus reviewed ) , the ModBook is perfect for you .
For $ 2279 or $ 2479 ( the difference is in CPU speed , slightly more hard drive space , twice the RAM and a double layer DVD drive ) , you 'll be able to get a MacBook and a touchscreen tablet in one — great for traveling cartoonists and caricature artists .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Wacom Cintiq 12WX LCD Pen Tablet Video Review ( Verdict : Simply Amazing ) UPDATED
Click to viewHere 's the video review for the new Wacom Cintiq 12WX , a tablet that allows you to …
Read more
I 'm no Photoshop or art expert ( obviously ) , but the ModBook was even better than my current Wacom Bamboo because it allowed me to draw directly on the screen .
For an amateur digital tablet user , that 's the huge difference between being able to draw something that looks like what it 's supposed to look like and an unintelligible blob .
The two drawings below are what I whipped up in ArtRage on the ModBook .
Bender is a trace , in case you thought I killed Jesus and usurped his talent .
Advertisement
Advertisement
The good news is that the screen works perfectly .
It 's scratch and fingerprint resistant , durable , bright , but somewhat fuzzy since it 's not a glossy screen .
The bad news is that it 's heavy , and will probably be too heavy for you to walk around like a gym teacher with a clipboard .
The white built - in pen that slides into a built - in pen holder is good , but is n't as sturdy as the Wacom pens you 're probably used to .
It 'll take you a few weeks to get used to not hitting either the " right mouse button " or the the on - screen keyboard button when you 're drawing .
Advertisement
Speaking of the on - screen keyboard , this is what you 're going to be using to type .
There is no built - in keyboard .
Forget about writing long emails with this thing unless you 've got a USB keyboard handy .
It 's solely for drawing .
But , if you really have to write something long or take notes , the handwriting recognition is actually great and fairly accurate .
For the times when you 're forced to use the keyboard ( like in OS dialogues ) , here are the options you can choose from .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
There 's also a GPS inside , which gives you the same result as attaching a GPS unit to a regular MacBook .
It works , and you can rig it up to do navigation or look up where you are in Google Earth , but it 's not a practical GPS device that you can take into the car and drive to grandma 's with .
Advertisement
The people who are in the market for a ModBook are people who want to draw and make art with a laptop , but have another computer for their normal email and internet browsing .
If you 're one of these people , the ModBook is a definite buy .
For others who just want a touchscreen MacBook so they can do art sometimes , but rely on a keyboard most of the time and want a regular laptop more often than not , the ModBook is n't quite right , and we recommend a standard Wacom tablet instead .
[ Macsales ]
* Defense contractor sees upside from Afghan troop surge
* Looking to strengthen compliance policies
* Shares up 7 pct
ATLANTA , Dec 2 ( Reuters ) - Defense contractor DynCorp International Inc DCP.N said on Wednesday it expects to gain more business in Afghanistan as U.S. troop levels rise there .
“ We expect to see relatively steady growth in our business in Afghanistan largely because we have a pretty broad portfolio of services at work in the country today , ” DynCorp Chief Executive Bill Ballhaus said during a Credit Suisse conference that was broadcast over the Internet .
DynCorp , a government services provider to the U.S. Department of Defense and State Department , was chosen earlier this year to support U.S. troops in the southern part of Afghanistan under the Logistics Civil Augmentation Program , or LOGCAP .
Ballhaus said his company , which provides police training as well as dining and other logistics services , was well - positioned to support U.S. President Barack Obama ’s plan to send more troops to Afghanistan .
At the same time , he added that DynCorp expected increased business in Iraq as it expands into new services , even as troop levels decline there .
The company , which works with subcontractors in providing services abroad , also said it was bolstering its compliance procedures .
“ The ability to perform , ensure compliance and ensure employee conduct is right at the center of the radar screen for our customers because they are increasingly under tremendous oversight and scrutiny , ” Ballhaus said .
Shares of DynCorp came under pressure last month after a Kuwaiti food supplier that was a subcontractor to the company was indicted on allegations that it overcharged the United States .
The case deals with issues prior to DynCorp ’s relationship with the supplier .
Additionally , DynCorp disclosed in a November regulatory filing that certain payments , which it believed totaled about $ 300,000 , had been “ made to expedite the issuance of a limited number of visas and licenses from foreign government agencies , ” potentially violating the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act .
The company added that it brought the payments to the attention of the U.S. Justice Department and Securities and Exchange Commission .
Last week , DynCorp disclosed that its executive counsel had been terminated without cause .
“ Like many companies , we have had a select number of incidents in most cases that we have brought forward as a part of our efforts to be transparent , proactive and accountable , ” Ballhaus added .
DynCorp shares rose 92 cents , or 7 percent , to $ 14.05 on the New York Stock Exchange late Wednesday afternoon .
Description :
Natural beauty Alissia is fooling around in the dark and just having some fun ... she 's always the exhibitionist .
cryptogon.com news – analysis – conspiracies
January 21st , 2010
Via : CNN :
The airline industry suffered its largest drop ever in passenger revenue last year as a weak economy grounded many would - be travelers , an industry group said Wednesday .
The Air Transport Association of America said total passenger revenue for the major U.S. carriers fell 18 % in 2009 versus the year before .
It was the largest drop on record , exceeding the 14 % decline in 2001 .
Posted in Economy Top Of Page
by Guest
contribution by Left Outside
Up until the 19th century we were not a particularly piscivorious nation .
In the United Kingdom , fish and chips became a cheap food popular among the working classes with the rapid development of trawl fishing in the North Sea in the second half of the nineteenth century .
In 1860 The first fish and chip shop was opened in London by Jewish proprietor Joseph Malin who married together “ fish fried in the Jewish fashion ” with chips .
Consisting on a diet of mostly meat and one veg – two if you were lucky – the idea that a national dish – the national dish – would be fried fish and fried potatoes would be confusing to our 19th century forebears .
But then some Jews came along from Eastern Europe , fleeing terror or just seeking a better life .
With their funny ways , keeping mostly to themselves , making cabinets and clothes and eating odd un -British things like fish , they did n’t do much harm .
This fish eating slowly dispersed throughout the nation and became more and more popular via market stalls and street hawkers until ventures like our Mr Malin ’s became profitable .
It is no exaggeration to say that the marvellously , almost quintessentially , English dish fish and chips is an immigrant dish .
With the disdain modern migrants are held in its a little hard to believe , but we owe a lot of what Gordon Brown calls “ Britishness ” to immigrants .
Funny old world , eh ?
Rod Jetton , the former Missouri House Speaker and current political consultant , in 2007 removed Republican colleague Rep. Scott Lipke as chairman of the crime prevention committee because Lipke dared use a “ protect kids from sexual predators ” bill to delete 14 words from the lawbooks that would ’ve eliminated the state ’s ban on gay sex .
In explaining his move , Jettson referred to the act of two people of the same gender having relations as “ deviate sexual intercourse . ”
Mr. Jetton was just charged with second - degree felony assault after allegedly hitting and choking a woman he engaged in rough sex with earlier this month .
Their safe word was “ green balloons ” ; Mr. Jetton allegedly told the woman the next morning , after hitting her in the face and choking her before having intercourse with her , that she should ’ve used the safe word .
What was that about deviate sexual intercourse again ?
Simon Jenkins 's distaste for scientists leads him to declare that they deliberately overstate risks , and make panic predictions ( Swine flu was as elusive as WMD .
The real threat is mad scientist syndrome , 15 January ) .
In reality , scientists worked calmly – not " frantically " as Jenkins asserts – to predict the progress of the disease and to understand risk .
Jenkins says of the initial predictions about the spread of swine flu :
" The chief medical officer , Sir Liam Donaldson , bandied about any figure that came into his head , settling on ' 65,000 could die ' , peaking at 350 corpses a day . "
Worst - case predictions are not figures plucked out the air " to convey plausibility " , but result from well - researched computer simulations .
Margins of error are high ; no one pretends otherwise .
Yet Jenkins is delighted when a worst - case scenario is n't met , as though he were right and everyone else wrong .
There is a genuine debate which we must not overlook .
What should the government response be ?
Does the risk justify the expense of stockpiling vaccine ?
Is it right to divert funds away from other health matters ?
But Jenkins does n't ask such questions – instead he dismisses it all as " hysteria " .
Reasonable advice – alerting morgues , identifying vital key workers – is denounced as " drivel " .
You could argue that media coverage of H1N1 was excessive and that editors think the biggest numbers make the best headlines .
But the scientific process has been evidence - based and transparent throughout .
At the Science Media Centre we have tried to ensure that responsible journalists have had access to the best scientists .
We 've seen lots of co-operation and very little hysteria .
Science moves by small steps , and as we learn more the picture becomes clearer .
This is how official advice on Tamiflu for children was revised .
Each time a risk comes along we are better prepared to characterise the next one .
But decisions still need to be made early .
Picture a beleaguered Simon Jenkins in the middle of a deadly pandemic , decrying the government 's woefully inadequate response and failure to order enough vaccine .
It 's embarrassingly straightforward .
Viruses usually do n't mutate into major killers ; that 's why there are still people left on the planet .
But it has happened before and will happen again .
We can't predict when – that 's what risk is – but we can perform the analyses , educate ourselves and be prepared , all underpinned by evidence drawn from virology and epidemiology .
Or we could shrug and say it 's all hype , and most of the time we'd be right .
Similarly , most of the times I put on a seatbelt I do n't crash my car .
Jenkins 's logic goes as follows .
Once there was a boy who cried wolf , but there was n't a wolf .
Therefore not only do wolves not exist , but there must be a conspiracy between wolf experts , the lupine risk assessment board and the manufacturers of bite - proof trousers to convince the rest of us that they do .
With swine flu there was n't conspiracy and hype ; just scientists , patiently performing the analyses , and explaining the possibilities .
We loan because ...
The money spent here will be repaid with an annual interest of 37.2 % in our afterlives .
- That 's a deal to good to refuse .
About us
We are the chosen ones who belive in eternal salvation or tripple our money back .
You too should dare to slack .
Location : Dobbstown , Malaysia Team website
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The Senate backed a plan on Thursday to make it easier for women to get preventive health services such as mammograms as it cast its first votes on a sweeping healthcare overhaul .
On the fourth day of a sometimes bitter debate , the Senate voted 61 - 39 for an amendment to improve access to women ’s screenings for diseases like cancer and diabetes by eliminating insurance co-pays and deductibles for them .
The move follows last month ’s controversy over federal task force recommendations that women delay regular mammograms for breast cancer and from a doctor ’s group that women delay pap smears for cervical cancer .
On a 59 - 41 vote , the Senate rejected a companion Republican amendment to ensure the task force recommendations could be ignored , which Democrats said was “ too tepid ” and would not remove cost barriers to screenings .
The votes broke a two - day Senate stalemate that had stalled progress on the healthcare reform bill , which is President Barack Obama ’s top domestic priority .
On Wednesday night , party leaders finally agreed on a timeline for the votes .
Senate Democratic leaders have vowed to pass the healthcare bill by the end of December but Republicans want to prolong the debate into the 2010 campaign season in hopes public opposition to the plan will grow .
The Senate bill is designed to rein in costs , expand coverage to about 30 million uninsured Americans and halt insurance practices such as denying coverage to those with pre-existing medical conditions .
National polls show opinion is divided on the overhaul .
A Thomson Reuters poll on Thursday found most Americans back a government - run public insurance option in the plan but doubt if the bill will improve their healthcare in the short - term .
The Senate bill would require everyone to have insurance , provide federal subsidies to help them pay for coverage and create a government - run insurance option to compete with private industry .
DELICATE COALITION
Senate Democratic leader Harry Reid faces a difficult task keeping his fragile coalition together for potential votes on the public option and on language restricting use of federal funds to pay for abortions .
Democrats control 60 votes in the 100 - member Senate -- the number needed to overcome Republican opposition -- but a handful of moderate Democrats have objected to the public option and abortion provisions .
The amendment to ease access to preventive health screenings like mammograms , authored by Democrat Barbara Mikulski , drew support from three Republicans -- Olympia Snowe , Susan Collins and David Vitter .
Two Democrats , Russ Feingold and Ben Nelson , voted against it .
Senator Evan Bayh speaks at the 2008 Democratic National Convention in Denver , August 27 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Mike Segar
The first few days of the debate featured heavy political skirmishing .
The Senate votes later on Thursday on a Republican amendment highlighting the bill ’s more than $ 400 billion in cuts in Medicare , the health program for the elderly .
Democrats accused Republicans of scare tactics for claiming the cuts will reduce benefits for seniors , a key voting bloc that polls show have great concerns about the overhaul .
Democrats say the cuts would simply reduce the growth in payments to Medicare providers and would extend the program ’s solvency by five years .
“ They ’ve apparently decided there ’s no way to defend these Medicare cuts so they ’ll just deny they ’re doing it , ” Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell said .
“ It hardly passes the smell test . ”
The House of Representatives passed its version of the overhaul last month .
If the Senate passes a bill , the two versions will have to be reconciled in January and passed again by each chamber before being sent to Obama for his signature .
Amazing - the portrait has a crispness and clarity to it , and all the colors and shapes stand distinct and lovely .
I really like the angle you took , it 's like we 're entering her world , and her gaze engages the viewer with some strength .
It 's not " you 're not welcome here , " but something like " this is serious business , welcome to my world , " and it is quite attractive .
Voilà !
A comic !
This is here even though Wes misplaced his soul while Tony was putting his money where his mouth is .
The BBC has apologised after Radio 5 live listeners heard Rage Against the Machine swearing in a live performance of their song Killing In The Name .
Zack de la Rocha , the US band 's singer , was heard swearing four times on the station 's breakfast show .
The band are hoping the 1992 hit will beat X Factor winner Joe McElderry to this year 's Christmas number one .
A BBC spokesman said : " We had spoken to the band repeatedly beforehand and they had agreed not to swear . "
He added : " When they did , we faded the band out and said sorry immediately .
" We apologise again to anyone who was offended . " ' Landmark moment '
The band were interviewed in a live link - up with the US on Thursday morning , before performing the song .
As the song was abruptly faded out during the controversial closing bars of the song , listeners heard presenter Shelagh Fogarty say , " get rid of it " .
She added : " Sorry .
We needed to get rid of that because that suddenly turned in to something we were not expecting .
We are honoured they 've chosen our song to be the rebel anthem to try to topple the X Factor monopoly
Tom Morello
Rage Against The Machine " Well , we were expecting it and asked them not to do it and they did it anyway - so buy Joe 's record . "
Rage Against
The Machine 's '90s hit is in the running for the Christmas number one after a group was set up on website Facebook urging people to buy it .
The group was set up in protest at the dominance of the X Factor winners ' singles in the Christmas charts in recent years .
De la Rocha said the current success of the song " says something about the real tensions that people are experiencing all over the UK and the United States as well " .
Guitarist Tom Morello said the internet campaign " tapped into the silent majority of the people in the UK who are tired of being spoon - fed one schmaltzy ballad after another " .
" We are honoured they 've chosen our song to be the rebel anthem to try to topple the X Factor monopoly . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Some of the " windfall of proceeds " from the single would be going to British homeless charity Shelter , he said .
On Thursday afternoon , bookmakers Ladbrokes made Joe McElderry 1/4 favourite to get the number one slot on Sunday night .
It followed Ladbrokes move to make Rage Against The Machine favourites for the first time on Wednesday .
Spokesman Nick Weinberg said the number of bets taken for Rage Against The Machine had " taken us completely by surprise " .
McElderry , 18 , won the X Factor on Sunday night beating Olly Murs with almost two - thirds of the votes .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Missy the cat gets world 's first feline knee replacement
Robo -cat Missy may have used up most of her nine lives but now she is back on the prowl after becoming the world 's first feline to have an artificial knee replacement .
Vets found her close to death after she was run over by a car , but she completed a miraculous recovery after undergoing pioneering new surgery to rebuild her limbs and fit a specially - made metal joint .
Top cat : Missy is back on the prowl after becoming the first cat in the world to undergo a total knee replacement
The eight - year - old family pet had lain injured in a bush for two days with one hind leg broken in eight places and the other with a completely dislocated knee .
It was only because of her owners ' relentless efforts that they found her .
RELATED ARTICLES
Previous
1
Next Guildford People Share this article Share
' I heard a tiny little cry coming from the bush and I knew she was calling me , ' said owner Louise Morris , of Petworth , West Sussex .
Lap of luxury : Owner Louise Morris says she would do whatever possible to give Missy a good quality of life
Dr Noel Fitzpatrick , the vet who performed the operation at his clinic in Guildford , said : ' It was a case of putting Missy to sleep forever or developing an artificial knee , which had never been done before .
' Amputation was not an option since the other hind leg was broken in eight places . '
The skin and tendons at the back of one foot had died due to crushing of the blood supply and the tissue had all fallen off , leaving raw bone exposed .
In order to re-grow tissue and cover the bone , a collagen mesh made out of pig 's bladder was used .
The various broken bones were then placed in a scaffolding of pins called a Spider ( Secured Pin Intramedullary Dorsal Epoxy Resin Frame ) until the bone and tissue healed .
The new total knee replacement implant for the other leg was designed by Dr Fitzpatrick , Professor Gordon Blunn and Mr Jay Meswania of OrthoFitz Implants .
It is made of two parts which are linked together with a hinged mechanism so that the knee ligaments - which had all been shredded - would no longer be required and the knee could no longer dislocate .
Uniquely , the implant was custom - designed based on a CT scan of Missy 's knee and exactly fitted Missy 's measurements , both in terms of the size of her bones and the range of motion of her knee joint .
World 's first : Missy 's artificial knee joint
Purr - fect fit : X - Ray showing the high - tech knee in place
The three - inch long implant is made out of stainless steel and is bonded to the thigh bone and the shin bone using cement .
Dr Fitzpatrick said : ' The most difficult thing about the operation was miniaturising the implants and matching the hinge motion to allow walking , running and jumping , which cats do a lot of .
' A human patient with a knee replacement would probably walk and maybe even run but would rarely expect to jump . '
The operation took two - and - a - half hours to cut out the old damaged knee and replace it with the new joint .
After twelve agonising weeks of treatment her owners were over the moon to take Missy home to pamper her and treat her to her favourite chicken dinner .
Ms Morris now faces a huge vet 's bill but said : ' Missy is a valuable member of the family and we would do whatever possible provided she has a good quality of life . '
She added : ' Noel is a genius .
He makes it possible for animals to have the same level of care as humans . '
I mean yeah , why not .
Second , it should be stable , meaning the garden wo n’t outgrow one ’s needs , requiring too - frequent pruning and generating too much waste ultimately sent somewhere else .
Third , that stability should be the product of what he calls " deep design , " meaning that the garden ’s eventual size , irrigation needs and habits of its plants will be understood upfront .
According to Dell , there are nine basic principles behind creating a sustainable landscape , the first being that it should be a " highly functioning system patterned after the ways of nature . "
It is a principle that he has spent the last 28 years testing as garden designer and home gardener .
It all began , he said recently , in thinking about how to " firescape , " a term he says he coined .
This turned into an adult lifetime spent addressing , challenge by challenge , how to turn the environmental and financial net costs of gardening into net gains .
Landscape architect Owen Dell has cut through the eco-babble to offer not just a definition , but also a how - to book .
The Santa Barbara - based author of “ Sustainable Landscaping for Dummies , ” published by Wiley this year , begins by defining sustainability .
The idea that suburban gardens might be “ sustainable ” came late to Southern California .
Modern Los Angeles was sold on the promise that anything grows .
Exotic plants were status symbols .
Sunshine was constant , and the only worry about water was finding plants best suited to go next to the swimming pool .
More than a century later , the fantasy style is out .
Sustainable is in .
There ’s only one problem .
Fourth , the resulting landscape should harness natural cycles .
Fifth , its plants will be well adapted to the local environment , and sixth , it will require few “ inputs ” such as fertilizers and pesticides .
Seventh : " Every element of a newly formed ecosystem must play a beneficial role : making oxygen , sequestering carbon , providing food , improving the climate inside the dwelling , preventing erosion , or protecting against wildfire , to name but a few , " Dell writes .
Eighth , the design will consider environmental effects associated the materials .
For the ninth requirement , Dell borrows a quote from architect William McDonough , one of the nation ’s most respected voices in green design .
Sustainable landscaping wo n’t be " less bad , " Dell insists .
" It will be good . "
To those of us who have been muddling for years through various , often contradictory prescriptions for good gardening , it may be galling for an all - in - one text to finally come out .
Yet here it is , and though the sheer comprehensiveness of the book seems aimed at new gardeners starting from scratch , Dell ’s volume is still valuable to those of us trying to upgrade our existing gardens .
To benefit , one must submit to the drill master .
Dell clearly believes us capable of following a logical progression through a build .
That ’s the professional landscape architect speaking .
Yet at heart , he ’s a do - it - yourselfer , and his “ Dummies ” book aims squarely at those of us treating small spaces on smaller budgets .
His home in a working - class district of Santa Barbara could be any postwar beach bungalow from Redondo Beach to Culver City .
A visit to the humble abode bears testament to many experiments .
The driveway is of pervious concrete .
“ The first in California , ” he said .
The garage doors are recycled redwood .
Inside a front patio , even the art is from recycled material .
There is nothing beyond a handsome patio and stone fountain that an average homeowner could n’t do .
A curving path around the house leads to an Eden - like courtyard dominated by fruit trees and a kitchen cutting garden .
Farther off , yet more passages have been transformed into miniature gardens in themselves .
At the very back of the lot , a rear passageway becomes a light trap .
As the path catches midday sun , the corridor glows red from the leaves of a Virginia creeper , suffusing his living room with an autumnal wash of color .
That moment is n't an accident .
It was sustainable principle No. 9 in action .
In agreeing to take on “ Sustainable Landscaping for Dummies , ” the only type of reader Dell refused to entertain were dummies .
" The first thing I said when they approached me to do this was , ‘ I ’m not going to do a dumbed - down book , ' " he said .
The " Dummies " franchise did n’t mind .
In fact , the publisher liked it .
What emerged was a condensed , authoritative primer on landscaping , water management , hardscaping , planting , plant care and maintenance .
Dell being Dell , he threw in a recovery program for conventional gardeners .
Principles include reducing the size of your lawn , tuning sprinklers , reprogramming the irrigation , pulling up sissy plants and growing food .
The best way to sample Dell ’s writing before buying the book is to pay a visit to his website and his playful new blog , the Earthworm ’s Lair .
Yet for the hands - on how - to treatment , you ’ve got to buy the book .
Paying $ 21.99 to save thousands on water , fertilizer and maintenance is a good deal .
Yet it seems clear that beyond saving us money , Dell is also out to save the world .
" Dummies " amounts to a public statement of belief that we have it in us .
" People are by nature procrastinators , " he said .
" But look at the response to World War II .
When America believed something was important , it turned on a dime . "
-- Emily Green
Next week : A photographic tour of Owen Dell 's home garden .
Green 's column on low - water landscaping appears here weekly .
She also blogs on water issues at www.chanceofrain.com.
Photo credits : Emily Green
Editor 's note : David Frum , resident fellow at the American Enterprise Institute , was special assistant to President George W. Bush in 2001 - 2 .
He is the author of six books , including " Comeback : Conservatism That Can Win Again " and the editor of frumforum.com
( CNN ) -- Catholic , Orthodox and Evangelical Christian leaders last week issued a bold political statement .
They intended to target the Obama administration .
Inadvertently , they may have also hit probable Republican presidential candidate , Mitt Romney .
Mitt Romney ought to rank atop the Republican candidates for president in 2012 .
He finished second in votes cast in the primaries of 2008 .
He is a candidate with immense private - sector economic expertise in a time of urgent economic debate .
But Romney has a political problem : his Mormon religious faith .
A Gallup survey in December 2007 found that 18 percent of Republicans would not vote for a Mormon for president .
Romney has worked hard to persuade Republicans to think again .
In the 2008 cycle , many conservative Christians showed support for his candidacy .
But the important new statement by Christian leaders suggests that Romney may face even greater religious resistance in 2012 .
The Manhattan Declaration -- that is the statement 's name -- offers an ominous assessment of the Christian condition in Barack Obama 's America .
It warns that the administration and its supporters will " trample upon the freedom of others to express their religious and moral commitments . "
It worries that Christians may soon face outright persecution at the hands of government authorities :
" [ W]e remember with reverence those believers who sacrificed their lives by remaining in Roman cities to tend the sick and dying during the plagues , and who died bravely in the coliseums rather than deny their Lord . ...
Like those who have gone before us in the faith , Christians today are called to proclaim the Gospel of costly grace . "
In the face of these looming threats , more than 125 signatories pledged themselves to outright civil disobedience .
" [ W]e will not comply with any edict that purports to compel our institutions to participate in abortions , embryo - destructive research , assisted suicide and euthanasia , or any other anti-life act ; nor will we bend to any rule purporting to force us to bless immoral sexual partnerships , treat them as marriages or the equivalent , or refrain from proclaiming the truth , as we know it , about morality and immorality and marriage and the family . "
Now notice something curious : not one of the initial publicly identified signatories of the Manhattan Declaration is Mormon .
Through the cultural conflicts of the past decade , Mormons and the Mormon church have played a decisive role .
The church itself gave $ 190,000 to the fight to repeal same - sex marriage in California .
Individual church members many millions more .
( McClatchy newspapers have quoted estimates as big as $ 20 million , although that seems improbably high . )
That degree of commitment might seem to entitle you to a seat at the table .
But no .
The framers of the Manhattan Declaration say they " act together in obedience to the one true God , the triune God . "
Mormons do not accept the concept of God as three - in - one .
Conceded : Every religious grouping sets its own boundaries and definitions .
Sikhs revere Muhammad as a prophet , but they are not Muslims .
Jews for Jesus sometimes keep kosher , yet they are not regarded as Jews by most religious authorities .
Christians are of course entitled to decide for themselves whether they will accept Mormons as " part of us . "
But when it comes time to act in politics , it 's the American way to leave sectarian tests behind .
The most important social conservative group of the 1970s , Jerry Falwell 's Moral Majority , made room for Mormons and Jews too .
Now that tradition is to be departed from .
The next wave of social conservatism is presenting itself as a particularly Christian cause , with Christian defined in a way that would exclude not only Mitt Romney , but also the man who created Tiny Tim and Ebenezer Scrooge .
( Charles Dickens was a Unitarian , not a Trinitarian . )
For that matter , neither George Washington , nor John Adams , nor Thomas Jefferson , nor Abraham Lincoln was a believer in the Trinitarian God of the Manhattan Declaration .
Now here 's the question .
If this is a time when Christians must act as Christians together with other Christians -- and if Mormons do not qualify -- how can such Christians accept a Mormon like Mitt Romney as their political leader ?
Evangelical leaders in 2008 tried to sell the idea that a man could be religiously repugnant yet politically acceptable .
The influential Charles Colson famously cited the reputed remark of Martin Luther : Better to be governed by a wise Turk than a foolish Christian .
Yet just as Gallup predicted at the beginning of the 2008 cycle , the pro-Romney sympathies of some evangelical leaders did not translate into pro-Romney primary votes .
Romney not only failed to win a single southern state in the Republican primaries , but he did not even finish second anywhere south of the Mason - Dixon line .
The exit polls strongly suggest the power of unease over Romney 's faith .
In Alabama , 78 percent of GOP primary voters described themselves as evangelicals .
Half of them voted for Mike Huckabee , and that boost helped Huckabee win the state .
In Georgia , 64 percent of Republicans identify as evangelicals .
They voted 41 percent for Huckabee , 28 percent for Romney .
Romney did best in the secular Northeast ( he won Massachusetts and Maine , and finished second in New Hampshire , New Jersey and Connecticut ) and the West ( he won Wyoming , Colorado and Nevada , and finished second in California and Arizona ) .
In the end , while Romney won almost 400,000 more votes than Huckabee and three more states , it was Huckabee who finished second in the delegate count : 270 vs. 140 .
Since 2008 , Huckabee 's strength has grown inside the GOP .
Romney 's has sagged .
Romney 's 56 percent favorability rating among Republicans badly trails Huckabee 's 72 percent .
Like many Republicans , I have many questions about Mitt Romney 's bid for party leadership .
They all relate to his public record and his civic convictions .
I do n't share his religious views .
But is it not disturbing that in the United States in the 21st century a man of unquestioned personal rectitude should feel compelled to say , as Romney said in December 2007 :
" If I am fortunate to become your president , I will serve no one religion , no one group , no one cause , and no one interest .
A president must serve only the common cause of the people of the United States .
" There are some for whom these commitments are not enough .
They would prefer it if I would simply distance myself from my religion , say that it is more a tradition than my personal conviction , or disavow one or another of its precepts .
That I will not do .
I believe in my Mormon faith and I endeavor to live by it .
My faith is the faith of my fathers -- I will be true to them and to my beliefs . "
Mormon America has provided leadership and support for conservative politics out of all proportion to its numbers .
If there 's a test for conservative identity that excludes Mormons , it 's not a good test .
And if conservatism has shrunk too small to contain conservative Mormons , it is not only Mormons who will search for something bigger .
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .
Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned — and then there ’s this lady .
A fuming mistress catapulted retribution into a new orbit by plastering the country with billboards that show her nuzzling a married New York business honcho and adviser to President Obama , sources said .
The spurned squeeze , YaVaughnie Wilkins , went nuclear after she learned that Charles E. Phillips — president of tech conglomerate Oracle and a member of Obama ’s Economic Recovery Advisory Board — reconciled with his wife despite his lengthy affair with Wilkins .
PHOTOS : YAVAUGHNIE WILLINS AND CHARLES E. PHILLIPS
Three signs have popped up in the city , as well as one in Atlanta and one in San Francisco — where Wilkins lives , Phillips owns a home and Oracle ’s world headquarters are located .
The very public humiliation campaign may have cost Wilkins upward of $ 250,000 , at an estimated $ 50,000 a pop .
Court records show that Phillips ’ wife , Karen , filed for divorce in February 2008 , but no action has been taken on the filing since that year .
The couple recently made up , a source said .
“ I had an 8 ½ - year serious relationship with YaVaughnie Wilkins , ” Charles Phillips said through a spokesman .
“ The relationship with Ms. Wilkins has since ended , and we both wish each other well . ”
One of the giant signs , posted prominently at the corner of West 52nd Street and Broadway , near Times Square , declares “ Charles & YaVaughnie , ” and shows the couple beaming .
Referring to him by his initials , the three - story - tall ad proclaims , “ You are my soulmate forever – cep . ”
But the billboards , first reported by Gawker , are only half the tale — they also invite the curious to go to a Web site that is a veritable shrine to Wilkins ’ ex-love .
Featured on http://www.charlesphillipsandyavaughniewilkins.com are eight years ’ worth of photos of the pair canoodling around the world , dating to 2001 .
Phillips , 50 , and Wilkins , 41 , a writer and actress , can be seen standing arm - in-arm on the Great Wall of China at his 2005 birthday celebration , and posing in Sydney wearing matching “ Australia ” jackets .
Also included are dozens of ticket stubs from concerts , movies and sporting events — as well as Obama ’s inauguration .
One of the photo albums , from 2001 , is set to a karaoke rendition of Smokey Robinson ’s sexy “ Cruisin ’ . ”
A woman and man bellow the lyrics , “ This is not a one - night stand . ”
There is also a huge collection of notes from Phillips .
“ You ’re all that matters to me , ” he coos in one .
In another , he gushes , “ I have never met a woman as fascinating as you .
You are exactly what I ’ve been looking and waiting for . ”
“ Charles , You have my heart forever — I love you so much , ” Wilkins writes .
California Web - site designer Bela Kovacs said Wilkins forked over “ about $ 1,400 ” last August to build the site as “ a present for Charles . ”
“ She was really happy with it when it was finished ” in October , he recalled .
Each of the photo albums — one per year — is set to music , much of it karaoke Wilkins said was recorded by her and Phillips .
Kovacs said Wilkins gave no indication that the site would be used to embarrass Phillips .
“ She seemed very straightforward , very intent on putting together something nice for him , ” Kovacs said .
“ I was n’t sure if it was her boyfriend or her husband , but it certainly was n’t like it was a secret relationship . ”
Phillips who lives with his wife and their son , Chas , in an Upper West Side brownstone , said , “ Oh , man , ” after The Post knocked on his door yesterday .
“ I ’m sorry , ” he said before closing the door .
Karen Phillips ’ divorce lawyer did n’t return calls .
Wilkins did not return calls or respond to an e-mail .
Oracle also did n’t return calls .
jeane.macintosh@nypost.com
Money ( or the lack thereof ) is never a particularly pleasant topic .
Gavin , Randy , and Kipp all got together for this week ’s show to talk about some money saving tips when it comes to our favorite hobby .
The first half of the show is our news coverage for the week , but you ’d like to , you can skip right to the topic of the week which starts at 29:18 .
Send all questions to info at elder - geek dot com , subscribe to our podcast on iTunes , sign up for the forum , join our Facebook group and subscribe to our Youtube channel .
Also remember to leave any and all feedback or comments in the comments below !
Thank you so much for listening !
Looking at registration patterns in Django
Most developers who have written a Django application are familiar with the admin interface .
In this post I 'll talk about the way the admin module uses a registration pattern to allow tools like admin.autodiscover ( ) and admin.site.urls to do their magic .
Registration patterns are useful when developing flexible and extensible libraries .
By specifying an interface and allowing you to register your custom implementations , the library code remains decoupled from your own custom code .
To get an idea of how these patterns work , let 's take a look at the django.contrib.admin.sites module , we find a class called AdminSite which is instantiated at the bottom of the file ( essentially a singleton that is used by default across your apps ) .
The first lines of the __init__ method reveal that at the heart of this class , there 's an attribute called _registry , which is a dictionary of Model classes and ModelAdmin instances .
def __init__ ( self , name = None , app_name = ' admin ' ) : self .
_registry = {} # model_class class -> admin_class instance
When we import admin and run admin.site.
register ( ) , the register method on AdminSite is called , which performs some validation and then adds the model / modeladmin to its internal dictionary :
# Instantiate the admin class to save in the registry self .
_registry [ model ] = admin_class ( model , self )
When we include admin.site.urls in the urlconf , the urls property refers to the method get_urls ( ) , at the bottom of which is this code :
# Add in each model 's views .
for model , model_admin in self .
_registry . iteritems ( ) : urlpatterns += patterns ( '' , url ( r '^ %s / %s /' % ( model .
_meta .
app_label , model .
_meta . module_name ) , include ( model_admin . urls ) ) )
In this way , URL patterns are created for all the models we 've registered .
Inside the ModelAdmin , there is a property called urls which similarly refers to a get_urls ( ) method - this method exposes the CRUD views .
Thus we have a system whereby any number of models can register admin classes with the admin system .
We do n't have to create url patterns for all the models we wish to use , and we can lean on the ModelAdmin class to provide the functionality we need , extending it as much or as little as we want without having to change the way the AdminSite works .
The last bit of the admin I want to talk about is its autodiscover ( ) method , which lives in contrib.admin.__init__ .
On line 4 , we can see that it is importing the AdminSite class and the singleton site instance :
from django.contrib.admin.sites import AdminSite , site
Here is the code that does the importing .
It figures out the path of each app in INSTALLED_APPS , looks for an admin module inside each package , and finally imports it .
When the admin module is imported , all those calls to admin.site.register ( ) get executed and the AdminSite 's internal registry gets populated .
import imp from django.conf import settings for app in settings .
INSTALLED_APPS : #
For each app , we need to look for an admin.py inside that app's # package .
We ca n't use os .
path here -- recall that modules may be # imported different ways ( think zip files ) -- so we need to get # the app's __path__ and look for admin.py on that path .
# Step 1 : find out the app's __path__
Import errors here will ( and # should ) bubble up , but a missing __path__ ( which is legal , but weird ) # fails silently -- apps that do weird things with __path__ might # need to roll their own admin registration .
try : app_path = import_module ( app ) .
__path__ except AttributeError : continue # Step 2 : use imp.find_module to find the app's admin.py .
For some # reason imp.find_module raises ImportError if the app can't be found # but does n't actually try to import the module .
So skip this app if # its admin.py does n't exist try : imp .
find_module ( ' admin ' , app_path ) except ImportError : continue # Step 3 : import the app's admin file .
If this has errors we want them # to bubble up .
import_module ( " %s .admin " % app ) # autodiscover was successful , reset loading flag .
LOADING = False
Another approach : Metaclasses and Django's Models
Django 's models are a pretty awesome feat of programming .
They , too , implement a registry pattern .
Taking a look at django.db.models.base , at the top of the file there 's a class definition for ModelBase , which subclasses ' type ' .
It overrides the new method of type , adding custom behavior to all models ( which specify ModelBase as their metaclass ) when they are created .
At the bottom of the __new__ method , on line 190 , there is the following :
register_models ( new_class .
_meta .
app_label , new_class ) #... return get_model ( new_class .
_meta .
app_label , name , False )
Following the code to db.models .loading , we see a class definition for an object called AppCache and at the bottom of the file that class being instantiated ( cache = AppCache ( ) ) - this is similar to the way AdminSite works .
When register_models ( ) is called in ModelBase , it populates AppCache 's internal registry ( the " app_models " attribute ) with a key / value of app_label -> SortedDict ( ) , which in turn is a dictionary of model name / model class pairs .
The __new__ method of ModelBase calls its parent - class ' __new__ method to create a class , adds a ton of functionality to that newly - created class , and then registers it with AppCache .
If you look at Model 's class definition , which follows ModelBase in db.models .
base , you will see :
class Model ( object ) : __metaclass__ = ModelBase
Whenever a subclass of Model is created , it uses ModelBase to create itself , allowing all this functionality to happen automatically , behind - the - scenes .
To see how this stuff gets used , take a look at syncdb 's code ( core.management.commands.syncdb ) .
It calls get_apps ( ) on the AppCache , which is a SortedDict of app_label -> SortedDict ( ) , which in turn is a dictionary of model name / model classes :
# Create the tables for each model for app in models .
get_apps ( ) : app_name = app .
__name__ . split ( '.' ) [ - 2 ] model_list = models .
get_models ( app ) for model in model_list : #
Create the model 's database table , if it does n't already exist .
# ...
Line 4 of django.db.models.init imports AppCache functions , so they are available directly from django.db. models :
from django.db.models.loading import get_apps , get_app , get_models , get_model , register_models
This is a very powerful pattern , and it is talked about in greater detail in Marty Alchin 's book Pro Django .
The plug - in approach to metaclasses
A similar approach to using Metaclasses is discussed in Pro Django as a way of creating a plug - in system .
A real - life example of this technique can be found in the code for oohEmbed .
Looking at line 7 of base .py , there is the following Metaclass definition :
class ProviderMount ( type ) : def __init__ ( cls , name , bases , attrs ) : if not hasattr ( cls , ' plugins ' ) : cls .
plugins = [ ] else : cls .
plugins .
append ( cls ) def get_providers ( self , * args , ** kwargs ) : return [ p ( * args , ** kwargs ) for p in self .
plugins ]
It does not override the __new__ method , as ModelBase does , but it does do some interesting stuff in the __init__ .
It creates a list attribute on the class called plugins when Provider is defined , then for all subclasses of Provider the metaclass adds the class being created to this list .
When get_providers is called , it iterates over the plugins , instantiating them and returing them as a list .
class Provider : __metaclass__ = ProviderMount
The Provider class specifies ProviderMount as its metaclass , and taking a look at videoprovider.py , on line 11 a YouTubeProvider is defined , inheriting from Provider .
In the app's main .py , Provider is imported and all the provider subclasses are retrieved and instantiated :
from provider import * class EndPoint ( webapp .
RequestHandler ) : providers = Provider .
get_providers ()
Whenever a request comes in , the get handler iterates over the providers , searching for the right one .
for p in self .
providers :
Implementing it yourself
The way you choose to implement this pattern depends on your needs .
The Admin method has an explicit registration step , as well as the ability to programmatically unregister a model .
I 've seen this technique used to unregister a default ModelAdmin ( for example one included in contrib ) and register your own version that adds some functionality .
The metaclass method removes the explicit step of registration / discovery and handles autodiscovery at class - creation , but still relies on import - time side - effects .
However you end up doing it , I hope this post was informative !
Any corrections / points of clarification are appreciated .
Further Reading
Commenting has been closed , but please feel free to contact me
The White Sands of New Mexico are a good place to study evolution in progress .
One reason is that the terrain , gypsum dunes white as a sheet of paper , is so different from the surrounding area .
Another is that the dunes formed only about 6,000 years ago .
“ From an evolutionary perspective , that ’s really the blink of an eye , ” said Erica Bree Rosenblum , a professor at the University of Idaho who has been studying evolution at White Sands for much of the past decade .
Her focus has been on three lizard species that elsewhere are dark skinned but in White Sands have each evolved a white - skinned variety that makes them hard to find .
“ It ’s really obvious what ’s happened , ” Dr. Rosenblum said .
“ Everybody got white so that they could better escape from their predators . ”
It ’s a great example of convergent evolution , of species independently acquiring the same traits .
Image Several lizard species that are dark have developed white skin in the White Sands of New Mexico .
Credit ... Erica Bree Rosenblum / University of Idaho
One question about convergent evolution is the mechanism by which it happens .
Sure , these three lizards all developed white skin , but did they do it in the same way ?
Dr. Rosenblum and her colleagues have provided answers to this question in a paper in The Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
SHAMEFUL : 16,000 UNPROCESSED FILES OF VETS WITH THE V.A .
By Dr. Laurie Roth
November 27 , 2009
NewsWithViews.com
We are apparently still at war with our troops and veterans when they come home from war .
Apparently it is not enough for them to bravely fight for their country and to come back mangled and needing major help .
For decades now the VA ( Veterans Administration ) has grown into a disorganized , unaccountable monster of non- representation to our vets in dire need of treatment .
It has become an unbelievable , bureaucratic nightmare .
This week my blood pressure went through the roof when I interviewed Dick Phenneger a retired businessman and vet who had reviewed thousands of pages of veterans documents only to discover an enormous , not talked about sea of betrayal to our troops , not just recently but several decades back .
He found and verified among other things that a Detroit regional office turned in 16,000 pieces of unprocessed mail and 717 unprocessed documents that had been sent to storage without any review .
In another investigation many documents were actually found in shredding bins not in one office but several regional offices .
The VA has a habit of saying “ we do n’t have your records . ”
NOW WE CERTAINLY KNOW WHY !
It also came to my horrified attention that Veterans are required to complete a 23 page application with endless details required for even the most basic disability and loss .
As we speak , according to Phenneger ’s exhaustive and accurate research www.veteranservicestransparency.org even the application process to get help ( before the VA often loses the file ) , is a quagmire of legal documents and forms designed to confuse and discourage .
Just think of a sick or injured vet trying to get help with the VA and finding an absurd amount of paperwork just to begin the process of getting help .
Advertisement
Then like many thousands , finding that they have lost your file and turned you down for care again and again .
I found in my review of this topic that a good chunk of those that are homeless , you know that homeless , drunk looking long haired vet hanging out under the bridge , we just assume is a Viet Nam Vet … . well guess what , most of them had their applications for help turned down by the VA .
For others the YES for getting help was so long in waiting that their life was in ruins anyway .
Just when I thought I was losing it , it got even worse .
The VA has set up an internal award system where they actually award employees who “ dispose ” of claims rapidly .
Phenneger found in his digging that this causes in most cases an automatic denial of veteran ’s first claim and in most cases a denial for a second or third attempt for help .
The records from hell speak for themselves !
70 % of claims taken to the Veterans Claims Court are sent back to VA for more work or to be redone .
Is n’t that special ?
Turn a claim down so you can build a big bonus .
Money talks and service apparently rots !
As is typical bureaucracy that is out of control and poorly run , most the big shot leaders think things are just fine .
Michael Walcoff , the VA Deputy Undersecretary for Benefits talks about needing a system in place that holds employees accountable .
There is apparently no accountability to give medical attention desperately and quickly needed by our vets .
It is sadly and vividly clear that the VA needs a total overhaul and confrontation by the Department of Defense and congress !
We all must have a zero tolerance policy for anything but speedy and clear treatment offered to our Vets .
They must also redesign the application to a sane 5 or under pages , not 23 pages of idiot legal documents and forms , designed to blow off Vets .
Under Dick Phenneger ’s fine leadership , Veteran Services Transparency inc. www.veteranservicestransparency.org plans to inform the public about this betrayal and problem that has been building for years with the VA and explore solutions and action .
They intend to expose those who are responsible , provide supporting documents and explore many solutions including lawsuits if necessary .
They intend to send a letter and demand that those who destroyed veteran claims be held accountable and those who allowed such conduct be terminated .
If they do not get an acceptable response within 10 days legal action will be initiated with their supportive law firm DLA Piper .
Subscribe to the NewsWithViews Daily News Alerts !
Enter Your E - Mail Address :
When a service person takes an oath to serve their country , takes heat and comes home battered , they expect and need real care that was promised to them not autocratic bull rot , turn downs and delays !!!
This can not stand .
We owe much more to our troops !
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Will the ghost of Willie Horton haunt the U.S. campaign trail of Republican presidential candidate Mike Huckabee ?
U.S. Republican presidential candidate and former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee speaks at a forum on health care at Des Moines University in Des Moines , Iowa December 12 , 2007 .
REUTERS / Keith Bedford
Horton was serving life in prison on a murder conviction in Massachusetts and raped a woman in Maryland after he was released in 1986 under a weekend furlough program backed by then - Massachusetts Gov. Michael Dukakis .
The presidential campaign of Republican nominee George H.W. Bush used Horton to portray Dukakis , his Democratic opponent , as weak on crime .
An attack ad on television played a role in defeating Dukakis in 1988 and showed how effective negative campaigning can be .
Huckabee , a former governor of Arkansas who leads the Republican field in Iowa and is rising in national polls , has his own potential Willie Horton , in the name of Wayne Dumond .
Dumond was serving a life prison term for raping a 17 - year - old cheerleader in Arkansas in 1984 .
In 1996 his appeals for clemency attracted the attention of Huckabee , a Baptist preacher , after the inmate was said to have found religion .
Dumond gained freedom when paroled by the state ’s parole board -- with Huckabee ’s endorsement -- and moved to the Kansas City area in 1999 .
Less than a year later , Carol Sue Shields died of suffocation , and Dumond was convicted in her murder .
He died in prison of natural causes in 2005 .
The case roiled Arkansas politics at the time and now that Huckabee ’s presidential campaign is rising , it is getting national attention .
HUCKABEE CITES PAROLE BOARD
Pressed on the case in an interview on Monday on Fox News , Huckabee said it was the state parole board -- made up of appointees from Democratic Govs.
Bill Clinton and Jim Guy Tucker -- that made the decision to free Dumond , not him .
“ Should this guy have been let out in retrospect ?
No .
But at the time , the parole board in making the decision to let him go , felt it was a prudent decision to make , ” Huckabee said .
Not everybody remembers it that way .
Former state Rep. Pat Flanagin , a Democrat , fought the release of Dumond because the Arkansas woman who was raped , Ashley Stevens , was a family friend from his home district .
Slideshow ( 2 images )
He said Huckabee pressured the parole board to free Dumond despite a personal protest from Stevens , who during a meeting pressed her face close to Huckabee ’s and said this is how close Dumond was to her for an hour .
“ It is even more so ( like ) Willie Horton , because he was given very ample warning about the guy , about his background , about his previous sexual offenses and a murder he was involved in previously , ” Flanagin said .
Stephen Hess , a political science professor at George Washington University , said it is up to Huckabee to explain what happened .
“ Given that he acted after Dukakis and Willie Horton , you would think that he would be even more sensitive to this in political terms , ” Hess said .
Republican strategist John Feehery said the case has some differences from the attack on Dukakis over Horton .
For one thing , there have been no attack ads about Dumond .
And for another , the parole for Dumond actually shows the conservative Huckabee in a more moderate light , said Feehery .
“ They have to be careful , the opponents , because it makes him seem more compassionate , ” said Feehery .
( To read more about the U.S. political campaign , visit Reuters " Tales from the Trail : 2008 " online at blogs.reuters.com/trail08/
Ever since Motorola revealed its new Droid phone through its Droid Does campaign , the buzz surrounding the Google Android - based smartphone has been accelerating .
Whether it's the promise of a worthy competitor to the iPhone or just the nifty commercials , something has been feeding the Droid hype machine .
Now the Droid campaign is about to add another head - scratching , eye - popping commercial to its line - up .
The minute - long spot , obtained by Boy Genius Report , continues to play off themes from the Droid Does commercial , but takes its message to apocalyptic levels ( no , really ) .
While we could try to explain the jets , the falling bomb - like capsules , or the apparent sentience of Droid , but it 's probably best for you to take a look for yourselves and for you to be your own judge .
Let us know what you think of the commercial in the comments .
Disclosure : Motorola is currently a sponsor of Mashable ’s Open Web Awards .
DirecTV was ecstatic and said in a statement : " The FCC 's order today eliminating the terrestrial loophole is a big win for consumers and fair competition in the marketplace .
We vigorously applaud the FCC for recognizing that withholding cable - owned regional sports networks from noncable competitors significantly hinders competition and is anticonsumer .
We are looking forward to offering DirecTV customers the local sports programming they have been denied for so many years . "
Contrary to recent popular comparisons , Afghanistan is not Vietnam .
But it is a lot like Albania .
About 70 years ago , Albania – a small , mountainous country in the Balkans , was still populated by numerous “ fanatical ” warrior tribesmen .
During World War II , Germany occupied this land .
Given the strategic importance of the Balkans , the Allies , led by the British , sent in covert operatives to try to organize an indigenous Albanian resistance .
These Allied operatives were unable to think like tribal warriors and that is why they failed .
If President Obama learns from Britain ’s mistakes and meets Afghan warriors on their terms , the United States can end the war and win the peace in Afghanistan , honorably .
Albanian tribal culture was , and still is , founded on kinship .
Loyalty was rendered , first and foremost , to family and tribe .
In 1943 , the nation of Albania was scarcely 30 years old and tribesmen felt little or no loyalty to the state , which they believed was corrupt .
On top of that , Albanian tribal culture was a feuding culture .
Some tribes were friendly while others were sworn enemies .
This created an ever - shifting , almost incomprehensible network of tribal coalitions and factions , much akin to that in Afghanistan .
As one Allied officer noted , “ To spend hours trying to make an Albanian see the British point of view is a waste of time ; the only possible method is to persuade him that some project desired by you is desirable from his point of view as well . ”
In the end , the Albanians were not persuaded .
The costs were high :
At least 14 Allied operatives and untold numbers of Albanians died and tons of equipment were lost .
By 1945 , the Germans had departed , leaving Albania in the hands of a ruthless Communist dictator , Enver Hoxha .
It does n’t have to end similarly in Afghanistan .
What was true for Albanian tribesmen in 1943 is true for Afghan tribesmen in 2010 ; they will act first in their own self - interest and that of their family and tribe .
Their primary loyalty is not to a government or ideology .
It appears that Mr. Obama and his military commanders understand that .
But the lessons of the Allied failure in Albania go deeper .
The first lesson : Traditional Albanians depend on a centuries - old system of customary law called the Code of Lekë , which is based on the concept of honor – ndera .
The Afghan equivalent is nang .
An Albanian warrior would rather die than dishonor himself and his family , and Afghan warriors are no different .
This made things very difficult for British operatives , who could not convince Albanians to act dishonorably – to betray family or friends who worked for the Germans , for example – and no amount of money or shame could sway them .
Likewise , American soldiers must take seriously the Afghan customary law code , the Pashtunwali .
In every joint action we take , in every negotiation , honor is at risk , and without honor an Afghan , just like an Albanian , is nothing .
The basis for a relationship with Afghanistan must be honor and honor is shared between individuals , man to man .
Putting more troops on the ground , interacting with Afghans , is the only way to build such ties of honor .
The second major lesson to learn from Britain ’s mistakes :
In Albanian culture , the guest is sacred .
According to customary law , the greatest sin is to deny a visitor hospitality – mikpritja .
The Afghan equivalent is melmastia .
British soldiers took great advantage of Albanian hospitality laws , but they were a double - edged sword .
Once a man had been a guest in an Albanian home , the men of that home were honor - bound to protect him , even if he was a Nazi .
Afghans also consider guests to be sacred .
Those who have rendered hospitality to Taliban fighters are unlikely to give them up .
We can hunt the Taliban , but we should not expect much help from traditional Afghans who have , in Albanian terms , “ guest - friendships ” with them .
Third and finally :
In Albanian traditional culture the only way to cleanse dishonor is to take blood vengeance – gjakmarrja – or to reconcile based on “ the mediation of good friends , ” to form a besa .
The Afghan ( Pashto ) words for vengeance and reconciliation are badal and rogha .
The British in Albania were bounced constantly between these two poles , vengeance and reconciliation .
American soldiers in Afghanistan will be bounced between them as well .
Obama was right to open the door to reconciliation midway through his West Point speech last month .
If the US is to have any hope of success in Afghanistan , the strategy on the ground must be to broker peace between individuals , families , and tribes .
And most important , make peace with the relatives of those the US has inadvertently killed , who are otherwise honor - bound to seek vengeance .
Echoes of tribal culture persist in the high mountains of North Albania , but today , the country is poised to join the European Union .
Even so , if the US is to win in Afghanistan , we must think like an Albanian warrior of yesteryear .
We must kill our enemies or be prepared to reconcile with them .
There can be no middle ground .
Michael L. Galaty is a professor of anthropology at Millsaps College in Jackson , Miss .
He spent eight years in northern Albania conducting research for the National Science Foundation , the National Endowment for the Humanities , the International Research and Exchanges Board , and the US Embassy in Tirana .
----
Did this essay make you think ?
Tells about it on Facebook !
EPA Administrator Lisa Jackson said yesterday that her ruling that greenhouses gases are dangerous pollutants would " cement 2009 's place in history " as the moment when the U.S. began " seizing the opportunity of clean - energy reform . "
She 's right that this is an historic decision , though not to her or the White House 's credit , and " seizing " is the right term .
President Obama is n't about to let a trifle like democratic consent impede his climate agenda .
With cap and trade blown apart in the Senate , the White House has chosen ...
JOE SWANBERG makes films about the romantic lives of young urbanites .
He shoots quickly with a digital camera and asks actors to wear their own clothes .
His films , which tend to cost between $ 30,000 and $ 50,000 to make , are almost never shown in cinemas .
Instead they are available on pay - television as video - on - demand , as downloads from iTunes ( Apple 's digital store ) or as DVDs .
By keeping his costs down and distributing digitally , Mr Swanberg is making a living .
Technology was expected to help young artists like Mr Swanberg .
In 2006 Chris Anderson , the author of “ The Long Tail ” , predicted that the internet would vastly increase the supply of niche media products and bring audiences to them .
That has certainly happened .
But so has the opposite .
In film , music , television and books , blockbusters are tightening their grip on audiences and advertisers ( see article ) .
The growth of obscure products has come at the expense of things that are merely quite popular .
The loser in a world of almost limitless entertainment choice is not the hit , but the near - miss .
There are several reasons for this .
Some are as old as Charles Dickens ( or perhaps even Homer ) .
People still want to have something to talk about with their friends .
Thus “ American Idol ” and “ The X - Factor ” do pretty much as well as TV hits did ten years ago , “ New Moon ” has just set a new record at the box office and bestselling books sell better than ever .
Research shows that people enjoy hits more than they do obscure stuff , often because they are the only thing that many people try in that genre : lucky Dan Brown and Katie Price .
But some things are new .
All that technology that has made niche content so much more accessible has also proved handy for pushing blockbusters .
Missed “ Twilight ” , the predecessor of “ New Moon ” ?
There will be other chances to catch it , in a wide variety of formats .
Technology helps hits zip around the world , too — even in the art market ( see our special report ) .
Blockbusters are doing well not in spite of the fact that people have more choice in entertainment , but because of it .
Imagine walking into a music shop containing 4 m songs ( the number available on We7 , a free music - streaming service in Britain ) or more than 10 m ( the choice on iTunes ) , all of them arranged alphabetically in plain boxes .
The choice would be overwhelming .
It is far easier to grab the thing everybody is talking about or that you heard on the radio that morning .
The paradox of choice
Is this increasing polarisation into blockbusters and niches good or bad ?
It certainly makes life harder for media companies .
In a world of growing entertainment options it is more important than ever to make a splash .
Miss the top of the chart , even by a little , and your product ends up fighting for attention along with thousands — perhaps millions — of other offerings .
That prospect makes for jitters and , sometimes , conservatism .
Broadcast television programmes must succeed quickly or they will be cancelled .
It is becoming even harder to talk studio bosses into approving some kinds of film .
Want to make a complicated political drama , based on an original screenplay , with expensive actors in exotic locations ?
Good luck with that .
Yet the challenge for the moguls is a boon to consumers .
In the past firms made a lot of money supplying content that was not too objectionable to people who did not have much of a choice .
In a world of hugely expanded options they can not get away with this .
These days there is rarely nothing good on television .
So media companies must raise their game .
Creative types who are accustomed to lavishing money on moderately appealing projects will have to do more with less .
Or they must learn how to move between big - budget blockbusters and niche , small - budget fare , observing the different genre and budget constraints that apply in these worlds .
A few forward - looking folk , such as Steven Soderbergh , a film - maker , are already doing this .
Some will find shelter .
Premium television channels such as HBO , which are built on passion more than popularity , offer some protection from chill market winds .
So do state broadcasters like the BBC .
Thinking people naturally deplore the rise of lowest - common - denominator blockbusters , and wish that more money were available to produce the kind of music , films and television programmes they like .
The problem is that everybody has different ideas about exactly what they want to see .
Some may thrill to a documentary about Leica cameras ; others may want to spend an hour being told how to cook a better bouillabaisse .
But not many want to do either of these things , which explains why such programmes are niche products .
There are only a few things that can be guaranteed to delight large numbers of people .
They are known as blockbusters .
The Coakley campaign claims that a “ serious violation ” has taken place in the Massachusetts election , calling into question the validity of the election results even before the tally is in .
In a prepared statement , the campaign took issue with pre-marked ballots being given to voters , claiming that in five instances they were marked in favor of Republican candidate Scott Brown .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ We ’ve received several independent and disturbing reports of voters across the state being handed ballots that are already marked in favor of Scott Brown , ” the Coakley campaign said .
“ This is obviously a serious violation , and our legal team is taking immediate steps to protect the integrity of this election .
“ We do not yet know why this is happening , but you and everyone you know needs to be aware of the situation so that you can carefully inspect your ballot . ”
“ The city clerk ’s office said a poll worker inadvertently handed out ballots that were already cast , ” Boston ’s ABC News affiliate added .
The Massachusetts secretary of state also played down the reports , saying that in the only verified instance of a pre-marked ballot resulted in that ballot being destroyed , according to the Associated Press .
“ This is the sort of complaint a campaign usually makes early enough in the day to drive their voters ’ turnout up , ” National Review Online noted .
“ 6 p.m. is awfully late . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Is the Coakley camp hoping for a close race that , if necessary , they could get into Massachusetts ’s notoriously partisan court system ? ” Michael Graham asked .
Democrats in the state have retained the services of Marc Elias , “ who was previously the head recount lawyer for Al Franken in Minnesota , ” Talking Points Memo noted .
This video was published to the Web by MyFoxBoston on Jan. 19 , 2010 .
by Veronica Benton
I am often asked , “ When will I trust my husband again ? ”
This is such a hard question to answer , especially for a woman who just found out her husband has been hiding a pornography addiction .
Trying to find herself in the shock of the moment and not seeing a light at then end of the tunnel is such a scary place .
I knew my husband was having an “ affair with our computer ” for a long time : the first year and a half of our marriage , to be exact .
The problem was that I thought it was my fault .
I thought I was not fulfilling my husband , so he would have to turn to the Internet .
It was so hard to muster up the courage to call him out , but I knew I had to do something .
I had fallen into an eating disorder , partly to have control of something in my life and because I felt that if I could look like the girls online , he would pick me over them .
On top of that , we were leading worship at our church , wearing perfect masks , telling no one of our struggles .
I had exhausted my efforts and had enough .
He snuck into bed around 4 am one night and I said , “ I know what you ’re doing . ”
Let the recovery begin .
Thankfully , T wanted to change and was truly sorry .
I am heartbroken on the road when I talk to women who tell me their husband says , “ The only problem with me looking at porn is your jealousy problem . ”
Ouch .
One of the biggest factors in rebuilding trust in our marriage is accountability .
We signed up with accountability software and the first two weeks in , I got his report in my email and realized it works .
I had to call him out again , and told him this was his Get - Out - of - Jail - Free card .
If it happened again , the Internet would be gone for good .
Every time I get a “ clean ” report , it helps to build trust .
We always tell people that addiction is addiction , everyone just has their drug of choice .
Porn happened to be T ’s hardest habit to break .
Now , had he secretly been addicted to cocaine , yes , I ’m sure I ’d have been devastated , but secret sexual sin personally affects the spouse in such a deep way .
I know his addiction was n’t my fault .
It took a long time to learn that .
If you ’re reading this and think your spouse ’s addiction is your fault , please understand it is not .
There is nothing you could have done or said differently to prevent the addiction .
Trust me , I tried .
I tried for a year and a half .
Through marriage we become one , especially in our most intimate times .
So in my mind , he was turning away from me , unfulfilled , which left me so offended and so disgusted .
Once I truly grasped that his addiction was n’t my fault , I was really able to take “ me ” out of the equation and we were able to focus on him and his recovery .
Through this entire process I learned a lot about my own faith and our marriage .
January 19 will be our 9 year wedding anniversary .
When we got married I gave my heart to my husband .
He was n’t very gentle with it , and so I took it back .
Since that time , T and I have both truly given our hearts to Jesus .
Truly .
As long as Jesus is holding my heart , no one can break it .
So really , part of rebuilding trust was trusting Jesus with our hearts .
I think I would be lying if I said I trusted my husband 100 % .
We as humans are imperfect beings ; unfortunately , we let each other down .
T and I have chosen to grow together and change together .
We said , “ Till death do we part , ” and meant it .
I do , however , trust Jesus with my heart , and as long as T and I are fully focused on Him we will always be pointing in the same direction , together .
We have taken this addiction and turned it into our ministry .
We are daily fighting the battle and daily choosing integrity .
If we were in a solitary place , he and I would both be in a recovery group .
There is so much healing in knowing you are not alone in your struggle .
We are reminded of this daily through emails , texts and talking to people after our shows .
It is so amazing to have a couple come up and say , “ Thank you , that is our story and it needs to be heard . ”
If you are struggling with a hidden addiction , please be honest about it .
Get it off your chest by telling someone .
Choose integrity daily .
Who we are the good , the bad , and the ugly make up our ministry here on earth .
Focus on what you are passionate about and use it for Gods purpose .
Be the change you want to see , and most of all . . . just love .
. . . .
This is a guest post by Veronica Benton .
In 2002 , Veronica ’s husband Tyler ( TD ) confessed his ongoing struggle with pornography .
Since 2006 , T and Veronica have been touring the country with their band , White Collar Sideshow , a group dedicated to helping people break free pornography addiction .
The mod dubbed Galactic Wars is a total conversion multiplayer modification for Call of Duty 4 : Modern Warfare .
The mod will bring about the factions , locales and weapons found in the Star Wars universe and combine it with the acclaimed multiplayer gameplay of the original Modern Warfare .
The gameplay video here looks nothing short of amazing , the map looks great as do the models and the sound is just like what you would get off a Star Wars movie .
Developed by German Call of Duty community blackMonkeys the mod will of course be absolutely free and should release for public beta on Dec 18th barring any unforeseen circumstances .
blackMonkeys website ( German )
blackMonkeys website ( Translated )
Galactic Warfare on Moddb
Original article
Columbus prospect Matt Calvert took some time to answer a few questions with me yesterday .
He 's currently leading his junior team , the Brandon Wheat Kings in scoring with 31 goals , 30 assists for 61 points in 45 games played .
He also has 50 penalty minutes and is a plus - 24 on the year .
He is one of Columbus ' top prospects , and did not look out of place earlier this season in training camp and in the pre-season .
He has a very good chance of making the Blue Jackets out of training camp next season .
Here 's the Q and A :
First of all Matt , thanks for your time .
1 ) Brandon 's your home town , how excited are you knowing that you will be playing for the Memorial Cup on home ice ?
It 's really exciting , it 's one of the main reasons I decided to return to the WHL .
I want to win a championship and I can't imagine winning it with a better group of guys here in Brandon .
2 ) You 're currently leading the Wheaties in scoring , what has been the key factor in your success this year ?
We have a great team , from the forwards , to the defense to the goaltenders .
I have great linemates in Brayden Schenn and Scott Glennie , so that helps .
I just keep trying to get better , doing things Columbus wants me to do to get better .
3 ) You had a very strong Traverse City tournament , followed by a great showing at the Columbus training camp .
What went into making the decision to return to Brandon rather than sign your first pro contract ?
The main reason was the chance to play for the Memorial Cup , knowing that Brandon was the host .
It was an easy decision because there 's a great group of guys in Brandon .
I wanted to be a leader for this team and I 'm proud to have been named co-captain .
4 ) Do you keep in touch with any Columbus prospects during the season ?
You get pretty close to the other guys from all the camps you are involved in , I keep in touch with a bunch , guys like Brent Regner in Syracuse .
5 ) The Blue Jackets are struggling this year , how closely do you follow the big club ?
I follow them very closely , I watch them on TV when I can .
They are having a bit of a rough season but they are a young team and I am sure they 'll be fine down the road .
6 ) What are your strengths as a player ?
I would have to say my speed and my work ethic .
I 'm not the biggest guy so I need to outwork my opponents to have success .
7 ) What would you consider to be an area( s ) you 'd like to improve on ?
Like most players who are making the jump I have to work on my physical strength .
There 's always the little things like your passing and shooting that you always have to improve as you work your way up .
8 ) What was your favourite NHL team growing up ?
For a while it was Chicago , and in later years Toronto , but now I 'm a Blue Jackets fan !
9 ) Do you have a favourite player ?
Marty St. Louis
10 ) What do you like to do in your spare time ?
In the summers when I 'm not working out I like to improve my golf game , I love golf and I managed to get out 60 plus times this past summer .
11 ) What has been your favourite moment in your hockey career so far ?
Getting drafted , for sure .
A huge thanks to Matt for taking the time to answer these questions , and a special thanks to Derek Zona of the SBNation blog The Copper & Blue , and to Matt McNish of the Brandon Wheat Kings for facilitating this interview .
[ / caption ]
Astronomers have obtained the first direct spectrum – a “ chemical fingerprint ” – of a planet orbiting a distant , Sun - like star , providing direct data about the composition of the planet ’s atmosphere .
An international team of researchers studied the planetary system around HR 8799 a bright , young star with 1.5 times the mass of our Sun , and focused on one of three planets orbiting the star .
While the results were unusual and pose a challenge to current models of the exoplanet ’s atmosphere , the accomplishment represents a milestone in the search for life elsewhere in the Universe .
The planetary system resembles a scaled - up version of our own Solar System and includes three giant planets , which had been detected in 2008 in another study .
“ Our target was the middle planet of the three , ” said team member and PhD student Carolina Bergfors , from the Max Planck Institute for Astronomy , ( MPIA ) , “ which is roughly ten times more massive than Jupiter and has a temperature of about 800 degrees Celsius , ”
Caption : The NaCo instrument , mounted at ESO ’s Very Large Telescope on Paranal in Chile .
NaCo is a combination of adaptive optics ( which counteracts some of the blurring effect of the Earth ’s atmosphere ) and the camera / spectrograph CONICA , which was developed at the Max Planck Institute for Astronomy and the Max Planck Institute for Extraterrestrial Physics .
Image credit : ESO
The researchers recorded the spectrum using the NACO instrument ion the Very Large Telescope ( VLT ) in Chile .
As the host star is several thousand times brighter than the planet , and the two are very close , obtaining such a spectrum is an immense feat .
“ It ’s like trying to see what a candle is made of , by observing it next to a blinding 300 Watt lamp – from a distance of 2 kilometres [ 1.3 miles ] , ” said Markus Janson of the University of Toronto , lead author of the paper .
Bergfors added , “ It took more than five hours of exposure time , but we were able to tease out the planet ’s spectrum from the host star ’s much brighter light . ”
However , the spectra of the exoplanet ’s atmosphere shows a clear deviation between the observed spectral shape and what is predicted by the current standard models .
“ The features observed in the spectrum are not compatible with current theoretical models , ” said MPIA ’s Wolfgang Brandner , a co-author of the study .
The models assume chemical equilibrium between the different chemical elements present in the atmosphere , and a continuous temperature profile ( hotter layers below colder layers ) .
At longer wavelengths ( above 4 micrometres ) , the planet is significantly fainter than expected , which points to molecular absorption spectrum in its atmosphere .
The simplest explanation is that the atmosphere contains less methane and more carbon monoxide than previously assumed .
“ We need to take into account a more detailed description of the atmospheric dust clouds , or accept that the atmosphere has a different chemical composition than previously assumed , ” Brandner said .
In time , the astronomers hope that this technique will help them gain a better understanding of how planets form .
Next , they hope to record the spectra of the two other giant planets orbiting HR 8799 – which would represent the first time that astronomers would be able to compare the spectra of three exoplanets that form part of one and the same system .
As a much more distant goal , the technique will allow astronomers to examine exoplanets for habitability , or even signs of life .
Source : Max Planck Institute for Astronomy
A police officer is in a stable condition after his gun went off during an arrest on Sydney 's north shore this morning .
The incident happened just before 5.30 am at a shopping centre on Anderson Street in Chatswood .
Police say it appears the officer 's firearm discharged while he was making an arrest and that he received a gunshot wound to the leg .
He was treated at the scene by paramedics and taken to Royal North Shore Hospital in a stable condition .
Sergeant Dave
Rose says it is still unclear how events unfolded .
" It 's obviously very early stages for us and we 're obviously still trying to determine exactly what has occurred , " he said .
Police say the matter is now being examined by a critical incident investigation team .
I want to take him out .
I want to finish him , but when you look for the knockout sometimes it does n’t come , so I have to be smart .
I ’m going to have to fight my fight and take him out of his comfort zone , and by doing so he is going to make a mistake .
The fight will end when he makes his first mistake .
I see fighting like a mathematics problem .
When you have a mathematics problem you have a formula that you use to solve the problem .
Dan Hardy is a problem , and I ’m going to have to figure out which formula I ’m going to use during the fight to solve the problem and that ’s how it is ...
I think it ’s also a question of statistics .
If I fight against his strengths , my chances of winning diminish .
If I fight against his weaknesses , my chances of winning go up .
Right now I ’m about 190 lbs .
I ’m bigger and I ’m getting even bigger than I was , more powerful , and more explosive .
I hit much harder .
We have been working on a lot of different stuff to make me hit harder and to give me more power on my strikes .
It ’s going to change a lot of things .
I ’m not satisfied about my ratio of knockouts .
I have knockouts , but I want to bring my ratio up .
I ’m more powerful than I was , and by being more powerful I ’m faster as well .
Power is strength and speed together .
I have to confess , I simply ca n’t get enough of facts and factlets .
The more obscure , the more I like them .
This list , our fourth in the series of factlets , looks at another 20 little known facts or myths .
As always you should add your own favorites to the comments for the benefit of all readers .
This list was partly inspired by the Book of Myths & Misconceptions .
1 Factlets 1 – 5
1 . The well - known piece of music ( often played by children ) called “ Chopsticks ” was written in 1877 by 16 year old Euphemia Allan who called it the “ The Celebrated Chop Waltz ” .
A rendition of the full waltz can be seen in the video clip here ( minus the addition of the chopstick clicking ) .
2. Barbie was not the first slutty doll available for young girls ( and the odd boy ) .
It was , in fact , Bild Lilli , based on a cartoon character who had questionable morals .
Originally Bild Lilli was sold to men as a sexual novelty item but an American woman , Ruth Handler , saw the doll and stole the concept for her Barbie for children .
Lilli is pictured above .
I think that the makers of Bild Lilli probably had good grounds to sue Miss Handler for stealing their idea .
3. Iron Eyes Cody was the name of an American Indian who appeared in an American public service campaign to “ Keep America Beautiful ” .
Cody claimed to be of Cherokee / Cree lineage and certainly looked the part in the advertisement .
In actuality , Cody was really Espera DeCorti – the son of two Italian immigrants !
4 . We have all heard of the puritans and their extremely dull ways , but what most people do n’t know is that they were not anti-alcohol .
In fact , when the Mayflower sailed to America , its cargo hold contained more beer than water and not long after settlement , the production of rum became the largest industry in colonial New England .
5 . This may have been mentioned on a previous list ( there are now so many that even I am losing track ! )
It is a long - held myth that cutting out exercise causes muscle to turn to fat .
This is , of course , logically impossible as one substance cannot change into another without the help of a miracle !
When you stop exercising , your muscles do shrink , but you do n’t lose any muscle cells ( and they certainly are n’t replaced with fat cells ) .
2 Factlets 6 – 10
6. Superman ’s creators ( Jerry Siegel and Joe Shuster ) were barely out of high school when they created their hero and sold him to DC comics for a mere $ 130 !
They certainly came to regret it and eventually took the company to court .
DC settled out of court and gave the men an annual pension of $ 20,000 per year indexed to the cost of living .
They eventually earned over $ 100,000 per year for their work .
7. During the course of the Second World War , six Americans were killed by the Japanese on the US mainland .
The Japanese sent a series of balloon bombs to the States and most of them were destroyed by the military or landed without exploding .
But , one bomb was caught in a tree in the woods near Bly , Oregon , and when a young girl tried to pull it out of the tree it exploded , killing her , the local church minister ’s wife , and four children .
8 . This is another myth but one which we would all love to keep alive .
Scholars believe that pirate treasure is a big fat myth .
Because pirates led short lives ( due to their dangerous occupation ) , they would usually spend up large when they looted ships – leaving them with very little to spend later ( because later probably would n’t come ) .
Consequently , treasure maps with “ X marks the spot ” are most likely all frauds .
9 . Contrary to popular belief , a bird will not reject its baby if a human touches it .
The reason that parents warn their children against touching baby birds is most likely because the children will not be gentle enough not to frighten the poor things to death .
10 .
Sake was originally made in China and it is more a rice beer than a rice wine .
Its main ingredients are rice , water , and yeast which , like beer , causes fermentation that produces alcohol .
3 Factlets 11 – 15
11 . Hair products ( like shampoo , and conditioner ) are mostly useless .
The hair that is visible on the human body is dead hair – when hair is alive it is still beneath the surface of the skin .
Nothing you add to the hair can make it healthier – it can merely add shine or color .
Once the hair is out , there is nothing you can do to make it healthier .
To improve the health of your hair , you should drink lots of water and eat plenty of nutrient rich foods .
12 . When thinking of the oldest free standing structures built by man we usually think of things like the Pyramids and the Aztec temples , but in fact neither is true .
The oldest structures built by man ( and still standing today ) are the ? gantija temples found on the island of Malta ( they are pictured above ) .
They were built between 4100 and 2500 BC .
13 . Lobsters have no vocal chords or pain receptors .
Accordingly , when they are dropped live into a pot of boiling water the “ scream ” you hear is air escaping from their shells .
This , unfortunately , has not deterred certainly governments from banning the cooking of lobsters in this way , in an astonishing act of nanny - statism .
14 .
There is no such thing as “ double - jointedness ” – people who are extremely flexible actually have a condition called hypermobility which is simply a fancy name for genetic flexibility .
15 . John Calvin , in his hatred of the Catholic Church said : “ If all the pieces [ of the True Cross ] that could be found were collected together , they would make a big ship - load . ”
This myth still persists today .
In 1870 all of the pieces of the True Cross that exist around the world ( cataloged in the book “ Les Instrument de la Passion ” ) were added up ; the resulting quantity of timber equates to about 2 % of the amount of wood found in a typical cross from the time of Christ .
4 Factlets 16 – 20
16 . Contrary to popular belief , red wine and white wine do not come from red and white grapes respectively .
Some white wine is made with red grapes – one example is white zinfandel .
The color in wine comes from the inclusion of the grape skins – white wines are made from just the grape pulp .
17 . Bra burning did not happen .
The idea was mooted , but the feminists involved in the 1960s demonstrations decided it would be too dangerous so they tossed their bras into trash cans instead .
The concept of bra burning was perpetuated by the media .
Thousands of feminists from the ’60s are today regretting their bra burning due to their boobs now hanging below their knees .
18 . Most cats love water and are fascinating by the motion and sound it makes .
The myth that cats hate water most likely stems from the fact that water is often used to deter a kitten from doing something it ought not to do – either by having a bucket of water tossed at it , or a squirt from the garden hose .
19 .
The speed of light is constant … or so Einstein would have us believe .
But he was wrong ( well – he was right in a way – in a vacuum yes , the speed of light is constant ) .
In 2006 scientists fired a laser into a tube laced with the rare element erbium – before the entire pulse entered the tube , part of it appeared at the other end and raced backward faster than the speed of light .
In 1999 , Harvard scientists slowed light to a mere 38 mph by shooting it through supercooled matter .
20 . AOL Time Warner owns the copyright of “ Happy birthday to you ” and will do so until 2030 when the copyright expires .
For this reason movies often use different songs ( which are not in copyright or are owned by the studio ) for birthday scenes .
AOL Time Warner earns over $ 2 million per year from royalties for the song .
User Info : the_oh_in_ohio the_oh_in_ohio 10 years ago # 1
Not buying COD modern warfare 2 until activision start treating their fans better .
it really hard to understand who betrayed who after the battle of red mountain so is he the baddie or are the tribunal the villains ?
User Info : HannibalBarca3 HannibalBarca3 10 years ago # 2
Aut viam inveniam aut faciam .
Look mom I 'm in a sig !
Dagoth Ur was a misunderstood soul .
All he really wanted was to drive away the evil Imperials from Morrowind , the Tribunal was full of crazies , especiall Almexia .
User Info : Chocolatl Chocolatl 10 years ago # 3 I do n't think anybody 's hands are clean in this one .
User Info : YmNserUame YmNserUame 10 years ago # 4
Dagoth
Ur meanwhile did in fact commit psuedo - biological warfare on everyone who was not a Dunmer with the blood of House Dagoth , this could be considered evil , yet he did it for revenge on the people who killed his kin , drove his house into the shadows and painted him as the arch - enemy of the Temple faith .
As for the non-Dunmeri folk who have died as a result of this , well , he probably saw them as people trying to usurp Morrowind from the natives and thought they had to be cast out for the good of the land , also he did in fact do quite well by the people of Dagoth blood whom recieved some level of divinity , the Tribunal did not give such things to their own loyal servants , which could somewhat be out of greed for absolute power over them , or merely that they did not have any to give at the time being as they were fighting House Dagoth .
They may have actually tossed their divine power around at an earlier time , but I do n't believe any actual sources would state either way on that , so yeah .
If you ask me , the true great enemy of Morrowind is Azura , whom bent countless folk on the Nerevarine 's path before you and got them all killed through various means , and whom cursed the Dunmer as a whole for the actions of the Tribunal , and she also had you destroy Red Tower in her vanity which she required the ' false gods ' dead to preserve which eventually lead to the Oblivion invasion and then after that the eruption of Red Mountain and near extinction of the Dunmer ( In the new book ) , neither the Tribunal nor Dagoth Ur did anything half as bad , really .
So does that mean Mrs Saurfang has epic cleavage ?
- Heineken14
The Tribunal helped the people of Morrowind for a very long time , yet Vivec literally held a giant rock over their heads later on and said " Love me or everybody gets it ! "
Sotha
Sil may have kept true to the original intentions , we do n't know , because Almalexia went mad with her lust for power and brutally murdered him after subjecting her own loyal people to torment at your hand in her name .
Dagoth
Ur meanwhile did in fact commit psuedo - biological warfare on everyone who was not a Dunmer with the blood of House Dagoth , this could be considered evil , yet he did it for revenge on the people who killed his kin , drove his house into the shadows and painted him as the arch - enemy of the Temple faith .
As for the non-Dunmeri folk who have died as a result of this , well , he probably saw them as people trying to usurp Morrowind from the natives and thought they had to be cast out for the good of the land , also he did in fact do quite well by the people of Dagoth blood whom recieved some level of divinity , the Tribunal did not give such things to their own loyal servants , which could somewhat be out of greed for absolute power over them , or merely that they did not have any to give at the time being as they were fighting House Dagoth .
They may have actually tossed their divine power around at an earlier time , but I do n't believe any actual sources would state either way on that , so yeah .
If you ask me , the true great enemy of Morrowind is Azura , whom bent countless folk on the Nerevarine 's path before you and got them all killed through various means , and whom cursed the Dunmer as a whole for the actions of the Tribunal , and she also had you destroy Red Tower in her vanity which she required the ' false gods ' dead to preserve which eventually lead to the Oblivion invasion and then after that the eruption of Red Mountain and near extinction of the Dunmer ( In the new book ) , neither the Tribunal nor Dagoth Ur did anything half as bad , really .
User Info : the_oh_in_ohio the_oh_in_ohio ( Topic Creator ) 10 years ago # 5 Not buying COD modern warfare 2 until activision start treating their fans better .
YmNserUame thanks for really explaining it !!
morrowind is so interesting and quite in - depth i never really knew what was going on .
User Info : mosc mosc 10 years ago # 6
Dagoth
Ur , like the tribunal , used the heart to become a god .
The tribunal itself is questionable for this alone but at least they mostly used that power for constructive purposes .
Dagoth
Ur on the other hand was singularly motivated on power for himself .
His plan was to create an army of mindless and corrupted servants lead by a massive walking avatar of heart - powered destruction .
The most telling part of his evil is that he cared not for building anything , only destroying .
He was n't trying to convince people to join , he was spewing magic in the ash that made them go crazy .
It 's presented that Dagoth Ur wanted you to join him .
This was never the case .
He said he pondered it for a few hundred years but in the end decided he did not want to share power .
You could have handed him karanac 's tools on a silver platter by his feet and he would n't have cared .
I think Dagoth Ur was corrupted in part by his contact with the heart .
He did not have the tools to do anything properly ( sunder and keening were protected from use and he never had wraithguard ) .
Even the Daedric gods in the elder scrolls are presented as far from pure good .
Azura tries her best , the others are not even interested in trying .
They are not all powerful , like the tribunal , but do have tangible presences in world of tamriel .
I think Dagoth Ur was a realistic villain .
One not interested in evil for evil 's sake .
He had goals and purposes but had become so warped that he became completely blind to the reality of what he was doing .
The heart was the center of the story , not Dagoth Ur .
This was not discussed much through the mandatory dialog .
Those that dug deeper learned that it was the heart that was tied to the disappearance of the dwarves , the creation of the tribunal , the death of the first nerivar , etc .
The heart was a fantastic bit of writing IMHO , it 's disappointing that there was n't more you could have done with it .
Example : Vivec talks about killing Dagoth
Ur several times , but that he would just come back .
Why ?
Vivec was not able to bring himself to destroy the heart , his own source of power .
Dagoth
Ur killing is no biggie .
Vivec did n't need you to do that .
What he needed you to do was destroy the heart .
All of the sudden all his wishywashyness about supporting you as nerivar starts to make sense .
He does n't want the heart destroyed but slowly as you gain power in his world , he understands that the time has come and relinquishes wraithguard .
One last bit of humility and a singular act that ripples through all of tamriel .
Currently Playing : GW:EN , Puzzle Quest , Golden Sun : TLA , W40k : DOW , GH3 , TF2 , Zelda : PH , MTG : CCG , partypoker ...
I think that was an incredibly one sided explanation that does not fit with the lore at all .
Dagoth
Ur , like the tribunal , used the heart to become a god .
The tribunal itself is questionable for this alone but at least they mostly used that power for constructive purposes .
Dagoth
Ur on the other hand was singularly motivated on power for himself .
His plan was to create an army of mindless and corrupted servants lead by a massive walking avatar of heart - powered destruction .
The most telling part of his evil is that he cared not for building anything , only destroying .
He was n't trying to convince people to join , he was spewing magic in the ash that made them go crazy .
It 's presented that Dagoth Ur wanted you to join him .
This was never the case .
He said he pondered it for a few hundred years but in the end decided he did not want to share power .
You could have handed him karanac 's tools on a silver platter by his feet and he would n't have cared .
I think Dagoth Ur was corrupted in part by his contact with the heart .
He did not have the tools to do anything properly ( sunder and keening were protected from use and he never had wraithguard ) .
Even the Daedric gods in the elder scrolls are presented as far from pure good .
Azura tries her best , the others are not even interested in trying .
They are not all powerful , like the tribunal , but do have tangible presences in world of tamriel .
I think Dagoth Ur was a realistic villain .
One not interested in evil for evil 's sake .
He had goals and purposes but had become so warped that he became completely blind to the reality of what he was doing .
The heart was the center of the story , not Dagoth Ur .
This was not discussed much through the mandatory dialog .
Those that dug deeper learned that it was the heart that was tied to the disappearance of the dwarves , the creation of the tribunal , the death of the first nerivar , etc .
The heart was a fantastic bit of writing IMHO , it 's disappointing that there was n't more you could have done with it .
Example : Vivec talks about killing Dagoth
Ur several times , but that he would just come back .
Why ?
Vivec was not able to bring himself to destroy the heart , his own source of power .
Dagoth
Ur killing is no biggie .
Vivec did n't need you to do that .
What he needed you to do was destroy the heart .
All of the sudden all his wishywashyness about supporting you as nerivar starts to make sense .
He does n't want the heart destroyed but slowly as you gain power in his world , he understands that the time has come and relinquishes wraithguard .
One last bit of humility and a singular act that ripples through all of tamriel .
User Info : jonas66 jonas66 10 years ago # 7 I have to second the last post , that was my read on the matter as well .
But it seems I remember that Dagoth Ur Started with good intentions , being ordered to guard the heart by Nerevar .
But after being close to it he started to covet its power and it drove him insane , so when Nerevar confronted him about the whole matter his views were so askew that he felt himself guiltless and believed that Nerevar had betrayed him .
User Info : SSJMTrunks SSJMTrunks 10 years ago #
8
The Tribunal as stated above lived their lives helping the people of Morrowind , yes they did in the process of using their powers for good do some selfish things and possibly killed Nerevar but they did help make Morrowind a powerful nation which was able to maintain it 's independence for longer than any other nation in Tamriel .
I think one of the main reasons Almalexia did go a little crazy was due to the Heart .
Azura was the Dunmer 's main god prior to the events at Red Mountain so when she saw her people turn to false gods ( The Tribunal ) even though they had good intentions she was worried about them and decided to try and win them back .
She did use the Nerevarine and several other people along the way hoping they were him to try and cast down the Tribunal and many may see her as a master manipulator however she was really trying to show her people the truth .
Dagoth
Ur was someone who was betrayed at Red Mountain by his " friends " and decided that the best method of getting revenge would be to like Azura cast down the false Tribunal gods , while at the same time make himself a god and then use his army of corpus stalkers , sleepers , and his giant robot ( Akulkhan ) to take back Morrowind from the outsiders .
I think originally he did have just intentions but because of the Heart he slowly , like Almalexia acquired a distorted view or the world and changed his visions from simple revenge on the Tribunal and liberation of Morrowind into the more destructive goal of destroying / conquering all of Tamriel and non-Dunmer peoples .
Nerevar is a bit confusing and also probably a bit more complex an argument because we ( the player ) dictated many of his actions so this comes with a bit more bias .
First of all during the battle of Red Mountain Nerevar did kill his old ally the Dwarves , then told Dagoth Ur to guard the Heart in order to make himself , Almalexia , Sotha Sil , Vivec , and possibly Dagoth into gods .
Then the events that occur are a little obscure because there is no real account of what took place aside from Vivec , Almalexia and Dagoth which may not be the best sources to turn to to get the facts ; however in the end Nerevar ends up dead , the other 4 get powers elevate themselves to gods , the Tribunal is formed and Dagoth is stuck inside his fence to ponder and plot .
When Nerevar returns and learns about all this he does believe that Dagoth is a threat to everyone regardless of what you do , and you do kill him and destroy the heart with the intent to save Tamriel .
Also you do reveal the Tribunal to be false gods however you do n't really harbor much of a grudge against them .
However I think that is all Nerevar really wanted to do , save Tamriel and expose the Tribunal because he does still help the temple establish order in Morrowind , as in the Tribunal main quest line .
So I think Nerevar was fine sharing power with the Tribunal as long as people knew the truth .
Anyway , that is my long - winded explanation of the events as I saw them as well as my insight into who was good / evil however feel free to disagree with me or pull my arguments apart .
I underestimated the power of soup
- Delia
My summation would be that deep down the Tribunal , Azura , Dagoth Ur , and the Nerevarine all had good intentions with what they were doing .
The Tribunal as stated above lived their lives helping the people of Morrowind , yes they did in the process of using their powers for good do some selfish things and possibly killed Nerevar but they did help make Morrowind a powerful nation which was able to maintain it 's independence for longer than any other nation in Tamriel .
I think one of the main reasons Almalexia did go a little crazy was due to the Heart .
Azura was the Dunmer 's main god prior to the events at Red Mountain so when she saw her people turn to false gods ( The Tribunal ) even though they had good intentions she was worried about them and decided to try and win them back .
She did use the Nerevarine and several other people along the way hoping they were him to try and cast down the Tribunal and many may see her as a master manipulator however she was really trying to show her people the truth .
Dagoth
Ur was someone who was betrayed at Red Mountain by his " friends " and decided that the best method of getting revenge would be to like Azura cast down the false Tribunal gods , while at the same time make himself a god and then use his army of corpus stalkers , sleepers , and his giant robot ( Akulkhan ) to take back Morrowind from the outsiders .
I think originally he did have just intentions but because of the Heart he slowly , like Almalexia acquired a distorted view or the world and changed his visions from simple revenge on the Tribunal and liberation of Morrowind into the more destructive goal of destroying / conquering all of Tamriel and non-Dunmer peoples .
Nerevar is a bit confusing and also probably a bit more complex an argument because we ( the player ) dictated many of his actions so this comes with a bit more bias .
First of all during the battle of Red Mountain Nerevar did kill his old ally the Dwarves , then told Dagoth Ur to guard the Heart in order to make himself , Almalexia , Sotha Sil , Vivec , and possibly Dagoth into gods .
Then the events that occur are a little obscure because there is no real account of what took place aside from Vivec , Almalexia and Dagoth which may not be the best sources to turn to to get the facts ; however in the end Nerevar ends up dead , the other 4 get powers elevate themselves to gods , the Tribunal is formed and Dagoth is stuck inside his fence to ponder and plot .
When Nerevar returns and learns about all this he does believe that Dagoth is a threat to everyone regardless of what you do , and you do kill him and destroy the heart with the intent to save Tamriel .
Also you do reveal the Tribunal to be false gods however you do n't really harbor much of a grudge against them .
However I think that is all Nerevar really wanted to do , save Tamriel and expose the Tribunal because he does still help the temple establish order in Morrowind , as in the Tribunal main quest line .
So I think Nerevar was fine sharing power with the Tribunal as long as people knew the truth .
Anyway , that is my long - winded explanation of the events as I saw them as well as my insight into who was good / evil however feel free to disagree with me or pull my arguments apart .
User Info : Koga no Goshi Koga no Goshi 10 years ago #
9
" Koga no Goshi , I agree with everything you 've said , and I 've read all of it .
You 're everything that a TES fan should be . "
--- Itachi62
The insanity or moral questionability of the rest of the Tribunal is ultimately immaterial ; yes Dagoth Ur is evil .
He twisted , corrupted and mutilated others for his own purposes , destroyed minds and bodies and sought to spread a plague that would essentially turn everyone into zombiefied followers of the Sixth House .
Amazon Offers Up The Platform That Google And Yahoo Should Have Built
from the took - them - long - enough dept
Thank you for reading this Techdirt post .
With so many things competing for everyone ’s attention these days , we really appreciate you giving us your time .
We work hard every day to put quality content out there for our community .
Techdirt is one of the few remaining truly independent media outlets .
We do not have a giant corporation behind us , and we rely heavily on our community to support us , in an age when advertisers are increasingly uninterested in sponsoring small , independent sites — especially a site like ours that is unwilling to pull punches in its reporting and analysis .
While other websites have resorted to paywalls , registration requirements , and increasingly annoying / intrusive advertising , we have always kept Techdirt open and available to anyone .
But in order to continue doing so , we need your support .
We offer a variety of ways for our readers to support us , from direct donations to special subscriptions and cool merchandise — and every little bit helps .
Thank you .
– The Techdirt Team
For years and years we 've been talking about the idea that the trick to " owning " the internet is to become the platform of the internet .
It seemed like Google was moving in this direction when word of Google Base first leaked out , but the actual offering turned out to be a whole lot less .
It was trying to be a product , not a platform .
Yahoo has been slowly , slowly , slowly opening up APIs , but seems so worried to take the real plunge that it 's almost too little to mention .
It got to the point that we thought some of the more innovative stuff in terms of really being open was coming out of a tiny startup we had present at our Techdirt Greenhouse event over the weekend -- even knowing that such a small company faced a huge challenge trying to stand up against Google and Yahoo .
In fact , Openomy 's discussion question this weekend was focused around how could they compete against those two .
Perhaps those guys from Chicago were looking in the wrong direction .
Word is leaking out tonight that it 's Amazon that 's leading the way with the open platform .
Thisabout storage , even though that 's what most people will talk about .
This is about being the file system and database on which web apps are built .
That 's much more powerful than just storage .
Forget the head fake of Amazon getting into contextual advertising .
Combine this announcement with the announcement a few months ago from Amazon subsidiary Alexa opening up their search platform , and start to imagine what developers could do if they can simply plug into an open online file system / database and an open search engine -- and then just build an app on top of that .
It 's like Amazon just provided much of the database and middleware someone might need to develop a web - based app .
Of course , there 's a lot of marketing that needs to be done between here and there , and convincing everyone to jump on that platform may not be easy ( and who knows , the terms of service may be problematic ) .
That 's , in part , because people just do n't think of Amazon in this way .
However , if Amazon really can convince people that it 's providing the basics they need to build the next generation of web apps , Amazon just became a much more interesting company -- not by copying Google and Yahoo , but by going beyond them and doing what both companies have yet to do . : Ian Sefferman from Openomy points out what Amazon got wrong , with the big one being that data is applications specific rather than user specific -- making it much more difficult to share the same data in multiple applications .
