Mr Paraskeva removing a gall bladder using the technique A London surgeon is pioneering virtually scarless surgery to remove organs through the belly button .
Mr Barry Paraskeva was the first surgeon in the UK to remove an appendix and gall bladder through the navel , using laparoscopic " key - hole " surgery .
Traditionally , these organs have been removed by making three incisions in the torso as well as the belly button - a process which leaves scars .
Mr Paraskeva is based at Imperial College London Healthcare NHS Trust .
This technique further minimises minimally invasive surgery
Mr Barry Paraskeva
Imperial College London Healthcare NHS Trust
The technique , known as single incision laparoscopic surgery ( SILS ) , requires only a 10 mm incision into the belly button ( navel ) to insert a " single access port " through which instruments and a small camera can be fed .
The organ is then pulled out using the instruments and the belly button is stitched up afterwards , leaving only the tiniest trace of a scar .
Speedy results
Using the technique , Mr Paraskeva can now remove an appendix in 20 minutes and gall bladders within an hour .
The surgery leaves virtually no sign of a scar
In both cases , the patient returns home on the same day as surgery .
Additionally , the surgery provides a chance for patients who do not like their out - facing navel to have it tucked inside .
Mr Paraskeva said : " This technique further minimises minimally invasive surgery .
" Having a single access port minimises the discomfort to the patient , reduces the risk of infection and because the incision is through the belly button , the surgery is scarless . "
The SILS technique was developed as a result of research undertaken by Mr Paraskeva and colleagues at Imperial .
Mr Geoffrey Glazer , a consultant general surgeon based at London 's Wellington Hospital , said : " This is a technological step forward which might appeal to certain groups who do not want two to three small scars on their abdomen .
" It might also help with the healing process . "
Mr Glazer said similar techniques were being developed to remove organs from the body 's natural orifices , such as the rectum .
However , removing organs through the navel carried less of a potential risk of contamination .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Obama administration spearheads attack on auto workers
17 February 2009
General Motors and Chrysler are scheduled to submit restructuring plans to the White House today that include a drastic reduction of auto workers ' wages and benefits and the elimination of tens of thousands of jobs .
The outgoing Bush administration and Democratic - controlled Congress last December mandated the auto companies to submit plans to restore profitability as a condition for $ 17.4 billion in emergency loans .
Under the terms of the agreement , the wages of 90,000 hourly workers were to be reduced to the level of non-union auto workers , and GM was to be allowed to pay half of its $ 20 billion in retiree health obligations in vastly devalued stock .
The agreement includes a sweeping attack on the democratic rights of the workers .
It stipulates that the government loans to the companies can be rescinded if any section of workers engages in a strike or work stoppage .
GM previously announced plans to cut at least 31,000 jobs , shut ten plants and close 25 percent of its dealerships by 2012 .
Given the steep decline in US auto sales — which have fallen to their lowest level in three decades — the company is expected to propose even deeper cuts .
All told , the US auto industry is expected to sell less than 11 million vehicles this year , down from 16.2 million in 2007 .
To align capacity with current demand , it is estimated that the auto companies would need 24 fewer North American factories than their current total of 70 assembly plants .
According to reports in the Wall Street Journal , with or without additional loans GM is considering filing for bankruptcy in order to liquidate unprofitable assets and tear up existing agreements with the United Auto Workers union and creditors .
It would then transfer profitable brands and assets to a new , much smaller company , which would be a lucrative source of investment for Wall Street .
Speaking on the Sunday talk shows , President Obama 's senior advisor , David Axelrod , would not rule out throwing the 101 - year - old industrial icon into bankruptcy .
He reiterated the position that auto workers would have to accept " sacrifices . "
The White House has set up a Presidential Task Force on Autos to oversee the restructuring of the industry , which will be led by Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner , an architect of the multi-trillion - dollar Wall Street bailouts .
Both Geithner and his co-chair — White House National Economic Council Director Lawrence Summers — fought against any meaningful restrictions on executive pay for banks receiving federal handouts .
When it comes to auto workers , however , they insist on near - poverty wages .
Geithner and Summers will seek to use the prospect of plant closures and layoffs to extract massive concessions from auto workers .
There is a tentative deadline of March 31 for the United Auto Workers to accept sweeping concessions , or the Treasury Department can recall the federal loans , essentially throwing the companies into bankruptcy and possible liquidation .
The restructuring of the auto industry is being driven by the same considerations as the Wall Street bailout — that is , the enrichment of America 's financial elite .
This is to be achieved through a permanent reduction in the living standards of auto workers , the closure of unprofitable factories and the devastation of communities where they are located .
The economic crisis is being used to push through a fundamental change in the structure of class relations and eliminate , once and for all , the so - called " middle class " worker who enjoyed a modicum of economic security , including a home , pension , health care benefits and a college education for his children .
The assault on auto workers will be used to spearhead an attack on every section of the working class .
The wages of manufacturing and other workers will be reduced to near poverty levels , with conditions of exploitation not seen since before the industrial unions were built in the 1930s .
In the face of this assault , the United Auto Workers union has proven itself to be a docile instrument of the employers .
Unswerving in its defense of the capitalist system , the UAW has collaborated in the destruction of 250,000 jobs at GM , Chrysler and Ford in the last decade alone .
Since the late 1970s , in the name of making US automakers " more competitive , " it has accepted one concession after another , culminating in the 2007 agreement which cut the wages of newly - hired auto workers in half .
In exchange for this betrayal , the UAW was given control of an $ 85 billion retiree health care trust fund — the Voluntary Employee Beneficiary Association ( VEBA ) — from which the union bureaucracy hoped to derive millions in income to offset its loss in dues .
While the union has offered no resistance to the destruction of jobs , wages and working conditions , it temporarily broke off negotiations last Friday over demands that it accept half of GM 's payment into the VEBA in stock , whose value has fallen from $ 43 a share in 2007 to $ 2.50 today .
Talks resumed Sunday night , however , with the UAW reportedly hoping to receive part of the government bailout money to prop up the trust fund .
The White House has appointed Ron Bloom , a former investment banker and special assistant to the president of the United Steelworkers union , as a senior advisor to the auto task force .
During the 1990s , Bloom helped devise so - called employee stock ownership plans at distressed companies such as United Air Lines , where workers were conned into handing over their pensions and health care savings to keep their jobs .
In the end , employees at these so - called " worker - owned companies " suffered huge losses .
Bloom was also instrumental in setting up VEBA plans at Goodyear , Dana and the Big Three auto companies , relieving the corporations of billions in retiree health care obligations and enabling the labor bureaucracy to go into profit - making businesses .
This only underscores the fact that the Obama administration is working with the UAW not to defend the interests of auto workers , but to employ the union bureaucracy 's services in battering down the resistance of the rank - and - file .
In its talks with the automakers , the UAW bureaucracy is negotiating to protect and expand its own privileges and income , hoping to get corporate and government positions and increase its financial stake in the companies .
If auto workers are to defend their jobs and living standards they must oppose the Obama administration , the auto companies and the UAW and mobilize their strength to resist any cuts in wages and jobs .
Workers are not responsible for the crisis of the auto industry , which is bound up with the breakdown of the entire capitalist system .
Auto workers should defy the no-strike clause in the loan agreement and carry out an industry - wide walkout to defend their jobs and living standards .
This struggle must be expanded to hundreds of thousands of parts workers and non-union workers at foreign - owned factories who are facing similar attacks .
For decades , the UAW has sought to divide US workers from workers in other countries through their " Buy American " nationalism .
This only plays into the hands of the corporations , which have demanded never - ending concessions in the name of international competitiveness .
The global economic crisis and the attacks by the transnational auto giants throughout the world pose the necessity of forging the unity of auto workers throughout North America , Latin America , Asia and Europe .
This struggle must be guided by a new political outlook and strategy .
The capitalist system has failed .
Economic life must be reorganized on the basis of a new principle — socialism — that begins with the social needs of the great masses of working people and aims to free mankind 's productive resources from the grip of the financial aristocracy .
The auto industry — built up by the labor of generations of workers — must not be left in the hands of the corporate CEOs and big investors who have run it into the ground .
It must be transformed into a public utility , owned and democratically controlled by the working class , in order to produce safe and affordable transportation for all .
This must be carried out in conjunction with the nationalization of the banks under the control of working people , and the rational reorganization of the entire world economy to meet human need , not profit .
To carry out this struggle , workers must reject any illusions in the Obama administration , break with the Democrats and Republicans , and mount an independent political struggle for a workers ' government .
Jerry White
There have been some incredible start - ups launching that is changing the way we look at health and safety .
These revolutionary companies are worth paying attention to .
Here are five start - ups in this space that we think is worth paying attention to .
1. Revolar Is Improving Health and Safety
This Colorado - based company makes wearable and discreet technology that allows you to alert a loved one where you are simply with the touch of a button .
This company came to be on the foundation that you should feel safe no matter who you are .
Because of this notion , the design is discrete .
If you ’re going for a walk , living alone , or having a night out on the town , your Revolar device will keep you safe .
The device has a 1 - 2 - 3 click alert system that gives the user protection and peace of mind .
Not only for the person wearing the device but for their family and loved ones as well .
Revolar can even send out status updates over text or e-mail .
Currently , Revolar is at the forefront of the personal safety industry , as it uses patented and unique technology .
This small and versatile device lets individuals feel empowered and safe .
2. Leeo for Home Safety
Leeo offers a wide range of home safety appliances such as CO and smoke alarms .
All of their products have a modern focus .
This company is made up of technologists and business people with experience dealing with aging parents .
Leeo ping is a sensor - enabled safety net , that lets family and friends live more independently and safely .
3. Bark Technologies to Monitor Your Kids Online
This company uses machine learning , data science and pattern matching to help parents monitor what their children are doing online .
This device connects to 24 platforms and can monitor e-mails , social activity , and text messages .
This helps parents see any signs of harmful interactions and content with automatic text or e-mail alerts .
These alerts only happen when risks are detected , so the parents do n’t have to comb through every text or post .
4. BioInspira for Your Health Profile
This company ’s goal is to give smartphone users a customized health profile .
This profile helps users improve their lifestyle management and health care .
This company was founded in 2014 , and it harnesses biology to give a low cost and accurate sensors for real - time analysis that detects air chemicals in industries for healthcare , transportation and food markets .
5. Proxxi to Keep Electrical Injuries down
This company is building smart sensors that let us see software electricity .
Proxxi has the first digital electric field sensor that interprets distance and voltage .
Proxxi was founded because every year , countless employees are exposed to electrical injuries and danger daily .
These incidents can cost millions in an insurance payout .
This company gives a safe back - up to eliminate risk .
This company was designed for industrial workers exposed to electric injuries , but it also gives companies peace of mind as it monitors the safety of their employees .
Read more about what makes an outstanding safety professional .
Stay Tuned
These are just some of many health and safety start - ups to look out for .
New ones are constantly popping up , but we like what these five are doing for the industry .
For more ways to improve your business , check out our website .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Iranian police have used water cannon , batons , tear gas and live rounds to break up protests over the presidential election , witnesses in Tehran say .
A BBC reporter said he saw one man shot and others injured amid running fights .
Defeated candidate Mir Hossein Mousavi repeated calls for the election to be annulled on the grounds it was rigged .
US President Barack Obama urged Iran 's government " to stop all violent and unjust actions against its own people " , saying the " world is watching " .
TEHRAN EYEWITNESS BBC CORRESPONDENT
Security forces were everywhere in central Tehran in the late afternoon and early evening .
As I spent a couple of hours driving around in heavy traffic I could see thousands of men , some uniformed members of the military riot squads , some units of revolutionary guard , and everywhere basijis - militiamen who look like street toughs .
The security men were deployed on every street corner , in long lines down the sides of the roads , and in all the main squares .
The basijis wore riot helmets and carried big clubs .
It was designed to intimidate , and while I was there , it was working .
BBC eyewitness : Heavy security
The country 's supreme leader Ayatollah Khamenei had warned protesters on Friday not to continue their rallies , but they openly defied his words .
President Obama said the US stood by all who sought to exercise their right to free speech and assembly .
He added : " If the Iranian government seeks the respect of the international community , it must respect the dignity of its own people and govern through consent , not coercion . "
It was unclear if Iranian political leaders had backed their supporters continuing to march .
In a letter to the electoral body , the Guardian Council , Mr Mousavi , who had not made a public comment for two days , reiterated his calls for the election to be declared void .
He alleged the vote , held on 12 June , was rigged months previously .
Official results of the presidential poll gave President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad a resounding 63 % of votes , compared to 34 % for Mr Mousavi , his nearest rival .
In other developments : Thousands of police , militia and secret policemen blocked access to Enghelab and Azadi squares , and protesters were throwing stones in surrounding streets
A BBC correspondent saw one man shot in a crowd and another with injuries from a razor - wielding secret policeman
About 3,000 protesters were reportedly gathered at Enghelab Square , according to Associated Press news agency .
They chanted " Death to the dictator " and " Death to dictatorship "
One witness told Reuters news agency that protesters loyal to defeated candidate Mir Hossein Mousavi set fire to a building in southern Tehran used by backers of President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad
A column of black smoke is hanging over the city centre , our correspondent says
Two Iranian news agencies reported that the suicide bomber died and two people were injured in the bombing at the shrine of Ayatollah Khomeini , leader of the 1979 revolution .
In pictures : Tehran unrest Q&A : Blocked protests Reporters ' log : Iran 's upheaval Your reports of protests
See map of central Tehran Some reports could not be independently confirmed .
Foreign news organisations - including the BBC - have been subjected to strict controls which prevent reporters from leaving their offices .
A BBC correspondent in Tehran says his impression is that the police have broken up large crowds into smaller groups to prevent them assembling .
Confusing signals Early on Saturday , the wife of Mr Mousavi and an aide to another rival candidate , Mehdi Karroubi , said the rally would go ahead , although this was later contradicted by his party .
Speaking on state TV , deputy police chief Ahmad Reza Radan warned police would " certainly fight against any form of illegal gathering and protest " .
He also said protest organisers would be arrested .
The result triggered almost daily street protests - a challenge to ruling authorities unprecedented since the Islamic revolution of 1979 .
Mr Mousavi had been expected , along with fellow challengers Mr Karroubi and Mohsen Rezai , to discuss more than 600 objections they had filed complaining about the poll at a meeting of the Guardian Council , which certifies elections , on Saturday .
But neither Mr Mousavi nor Mr Karroubi attended the meeting - which suggests , our correspondent says , they have abandoned their legal challenge to the election results .
State TV quoted the Guardian Council as saying it was " ready " to recount a randomly selected 10 % of ballot boxes .
It had previously offered a partial recount of disputed ballots from the election , rather than the full re-run of the election demanded by protesters .
Back to story
Are you in Iran ?
What do you think of the current situation ?
Are you taking part in the demonstrations ?
If you have any information you would like to share with the BBC you can do so using the form below : Send your pictures and video to yourpics@bbc.co.uk or text them to +44 7725 100 100 .
If you have a large file you can upload here .
Read the terms and conditions
At no time should you endanger yourself or others , take any unnecessary risks or infringe any laws .
Name
Your E-mail address
Town & Country
Phone number ( optional ) :
Comments
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .
Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .
Terms & Conditions
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Image appears to duplicate witness statement that bomb was planted under train
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Wednesday , July 8 , 2009
A new photo released on the fourth anniversary of the 7/7 attacks in London appears to contradict the government ’s official story that Muslims with backpack bombs were responsible for the Tube and bus bombings which killed 52 people .
The image seemingly dovetails with a survivor ’s eyewitness statement that the bombs on the Tube trains were placed underneath the carriage and that suicide bombers were nowhere to be seen .
Debunkers have attempted to dismiss this vital hole in the official story by claiming that questions about eyewitnesses stating bombs were placed under the train have been explained .
London Guardian journalist Mark Honigsbaum interviewed witnesses who stated that “ tiles , the covers on the floor of the train , suddenly flew up , raised up , ” when the bombs were detonated .
Honigsbaum later said that the quotes were taken out of context when they were cited as evidence that the bombs were planted under the trains – and debunkers duly seized on this in an attempt to dismiss the entire issue .
However , one very reliable eyewitness statement is very clear in making it plain that no suicide bombers were involved , and the bomb could only have been planted underneath the train , contradicting the official story completely .
The words of 7/7 survivor Bruce Lait , who was just yards from the explosion when it happened , can not be taken out of context .
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
Lait , a victim of the Aldgate Station bombing , described to the Cambridge Evening News how he and his partner were sitting nearest to the bomb when it detonated .
“ We ’d been on there for a minute at most and then something happened .
It was like a huge electricity surge which knocked us out and burst our eardrums .
I can still hear that sound now , ” he said .
He and Crystal were helped out of the carriage .
As they made their way out , a policeman pointed out where the bomb had been .
“ The policeman said ‘ mind that hole , that ’s where the bomb was ’ .
The metal was pushed upwards as if the bomb was underneath the train .
They seem to think the bomb was left in a bag , but I do n’t remember anybody being where the bomb was , or any bag , ” he said .
In his statement , Lait makes clear four things – according to what he witnessed , there was no suicide bomber , there was no rucksack or backpack that could have contained a bomb , there was nobody around the location where the bomb exploded , and the bomb appeared to have been placed underneath the train .
The fact that the policeman had to warn them of a “ hole ” as they were being led out to safety obviously suggests that the hole was in the floor and therefore a potential hazard to them exiting the train .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
The photo displayed below is currently being carried on the Daily Mail website with the caption ; “ Warped and blackened by the blast , this is the Piccadilly Line carriage where Jermaine Lindsay ’s bomb detonated at Russell Square station .
A forensics officer in white rubber gloves inches his way along the floor – itself sheared away in the blast , exposing metal beams – searching for the smallest of clues . ”
Note that Bruce Lait ’s comments refer to the Aldgate tube bombing .
This photo is from the Russell Square bombing , but it appears to dovetail his testimony that the bombs were planted under the train .
CLICK FOR ENLARGEMENT
Despite the fact that the image is cut off at the point where the hole begins , one can clearly see it at the very bottom of the picture .
The cabling underneath the floor cover is exposed and the area to the right of the hole is raised up , as if pressure has been exerted from underneath .
The contention that there were no suicide bombers actually on the train at all , as Bruce Lait contends , is consistent with other evidence surrounding the attacks .
The fact that the ID ’s of all the so - called suicide bombers were found in pristine condition right next to where the bombs went off strongly suggests the planting of evidence to frame patsies .
The ID ’s would have had a reasonable chance of surviving relatively unscathed if the bomb was not in the backpack with them , but underneath the train .
On the other hand the backpack bombs could have just been the diversionary blasts to enable patsies to be framed , just like the planes flying into the towers acted as the diversionary cover for the explosives planted inside the World Trade Center .
Remember that the London Metropolitan Police Anti-Terrorist Branch themselves reported that from studying the behavior of the alleged suicide bombers before the attacks via CCTV footage , the bombers “ did not fit the preconceived terrorist profile . ”
The suspects were seen to be arguing with cashiers , walking in and out of shops , including McDonalds , and “ bumping into people ” in the minutes before the blasts – hardly the behavior of people who are in the final crucial moments of planning a terror attack in which they will be killed , and who wish to go unnoticed .
“ I ’ve seen the CCTV footage of these people .
They do not appear to be on their way to commit any crime at all , ” a London Metropolitan Police representative said .
“ The roundtrip tickets , the fact that one of them spent a lot recently repairing his car and one of them had a family and was the teacher of the disabled and underprivileged children , it does n’t ring right , ” said Paul Beaver , a security and defense expert in London with close police contacts .
“ If you had that much commitment , how are you going to take your life ?
It ’s happened in Palestine , but these people were brought up in the UK . ”
Turning back to the question of devices planted under the train , the get out clause of the “ exercise ” or “ drill ” scenario would have also provided culpability cover if investigators started asking questions about objects underneath the carriage .
As we have exhaustively documented , such a drill did take place on the morning of 7/7 .
A consultancy agency with government and police connections was running an exercise for a company that revolved around the London Underground being bombed at the exact same times and locations as happened in real life on the morning of July 7th .
For individuals to plant bombs underneath trains and secure them in place without being caught , they would need to secure access to the trains .
In this scenario , London Underground could have been told that a dummy device was to be placed underneath the train as part of an exercise to test security and alertness .
When the real attacks happened some LU officials would have been alarmed but their suspicions would have dampened when it was revealed that the bombs were carried in backpacks , meaning that the drill was just a strange ‘ coincidence ’ .
It is important to stress that this is just one piece of evidence amidst a myriad of smoking guns that all directly contradict the government ’s official story .
A summary of that evidence can be found here .
An archive containing further stories can be found here .
Questions surrounding the 7/7 bombings have been met with a stonewall response from the British government , leading victims ’ relatives to call for an independent inquiry .
Scotland Yard ’s former head of counter - terrorism Andy Hayman , who was Assistant Commissioner for Special Operations at the time of the bombings in 2005 , has also publicly called for an independent investigation into the bombings .
“ Incidents of less gravity have attracted the status of a public inquiry — train crashes , a death in custody , and even other terrorist attacks .
How can there not be a full , independent public inquiry into the deaths of 52 commuters on London ’s transport system ? , ” said Hayman .
However , individuals who produced Internet documentaries about these questions , such as the author of 7/7 : Ripple Effect , 60 - year - old Anthony John Hill , have been targeted for character assassination by the media , and in particular the BBC .
Hill was arrested merely for sending a copy of his DVD to a jury member after authorities accused him of perverting the course of justice .
This article was posted : Wednesday , July 8 , 2009 at 9:59 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
The two fundamental issues many of us ( by no means all on the " left " ) were concerned with - and it's hard to get more fundamental - were a ) the use of torture , coercion and abuse against prisoners in violation of Geneva and the UN Convention and domestic law ; and b ) the claim that the power to detain indefinitely and torture - beyond all law and treaty - was vested solely in the executive branch , with no accountability or checks outside of elections .
These were , in my view , fundamental attacks on America - much more fundamental than the mass murder of 9/11 .
They were attacks on the core meaning of America , on American decency and values , and on the rule of law and constitutional balance .
They gave the executive branch the power to coerce evidence and to avoid all accountability for such evidence .
They allowed the president to torture an American citizen , Jose Padilla , into madness before he was allowed to stand trial ( on charges that bore no relation to the original claims ) .
This regime and its claims are now over , even as Cheney threatens to revive them in the future .
For this shift , we should be glad .
And Obama fulfilled that fundamental promise .
He ended torture and he ended tyranny .
That is no small change .
Yes , the Bush administration , prodded by the courts and Congress and its own saner , calmer members , walked back some of this from 2004 onwards .
But the clarity of Obama 's decency and constitutionalism remains .
It 's what the last election was about for some of us .
Now to the caveat .
Preventive detention in this terror war is a very hard issue - and it is an Obama backtrack .
Every fiber of my being resists it .
But I am not ready to regard the war on Jihadism as over or as anything but a war at its sharpest end .
How to conduct this global war outside of traditional armies and beyond traditional sovereignty is an immensely difficult task , made much more difficult by Cheney 's arrogant , extreme and indecent beginning .
It may take years of trial and error to figure it out - and the war will change constantly in pace and location and tactics .
But in previous wars , prisoners caught behind enemy lines or planning serious attacks on civilian targets have long been detained as prisoners of war .
If we had done that from the start , and stuck with Geneva , long term detention might be more palatable and defensible .
The trouble , of course , is that there is no end - point to this war and no formal enemy to surrender .
And so long - term detention under Article 3 becomes a kind of perpetual supermax - as damaging to our global image as Gitmo .
Given my druthers , I 'd let all prisoners who cannot be charged with any offense that would stand up in a military commission go .
Some would no doubt go back to plotting .
But we cannot arrest people for nefarious and vague plots without the kind of evidence we procured in the Newburgh case .
My one exception would be for those suspected of finding or seeking or using or knowing about weapons of mass destruction .
That seems to me a pretty solid line that takes the conflict into a clear zone of global war and immense danger .
It 's where crime ends and war begins .
Bug Description
Binary package hint : pidgin
Just hangs trying to connect to yahoo .
all other account types seem to be working fine just not yahoo .
pidgin 2.5.5
======= ======= ======= ======= ======= =
pidgin debug log :
( 09:19:46 ) account : Connecting to account MyYahooAccount
( 09:19:46 ) connection : Connecting . gc = 0x8e3e1c8
( 09:19:46 ) dns : DNS query for ' scs.msg.yahoo.com ' queued
( 09:19:46 ) dns : DNS child 5936 no longer exists
( 09:19:46 ) dns : Created new DNS child 6064 , there are now 1 children .
( 09:19:46 ) dns : Successfully sent DNS request to child 6064
( 09:19:48 ) dns : Got response for ' scs.msg.yahoo.com '
( 09:19:48 ) dnsquery : IP resolved for scs.msg.yahoo.com
( 09:19:48 ) proxy : Attempting connection to 76.13.15.32
( 09:19:48 ) proxy : Connecting to scs.msg .
yahoo.com : 5050 with no proxy
( 09:19:48 ) proxy : Connection in progress
( 09:19:49 ) proxy : Connecting to scs.msg .
yahoo.com : 5050 .
( 09:19:49 ) yahoo : 96 bytes to read , rxlen is 116
( 09:19:49 ) yahoo : Yahoo Service : 0x57 Status : 1
( 09:19:49 ) yahoo : yahoo status : 12
======= ======= ======= ======= ======= =
ping to yahoo server :
ping scs.msg.yahoo.com
PING scs.msg.yahoo.com ( 76.13.15.36 ) 56 ( 84 ) bytes of data .
64 bytes from cs108.msg. ac4.yahoo. com ( 76.13.15.36 ) : icmp_seq=1 ttl=48 time=638 ms
64 bytes from cs108.msg. ac4.yahoo. com ( 76.13.15.36 ) : icmp_seq=2 ttl=48 time=628 ms
64 bytes from cs108.msg. ac4.yahoo. com ( 76.13.15.36 ) : icmp_seq=3 ttl=48 time=659 ms
64 bytes from cs108.msg. ac4.yahoo. com ( 76.13.15.36 ) : icmp_seq=4 ttl=48 time =817 ms
64 bytes from cs108.msg. ac4.yahoo. com ( 76.13.15.36 ) : icmp_seq=5 ttl=48 time=659 ms
======= ======= ======= ======= ======= =
netstat :
tcp 0 0 xxx.xxx .
xxx.xxx : 49159 76.13.15.32:5050 ESTABLISHED
tcp 0 0 xxx.xxx .
xxx.xxx : 52467 68.180.217.8:5050 ESTABLISHED
======= ======= ======= ======= ======= =
ProblemType : Bug
Architecture : i386
DistroRelease : Ubuntu 9.04
ExecutablePath : /usr/bin/pidgin
NonfreeKernelMo dules : nvidia
Package : pidgin 1:2.5.5-1ubuntu8.1
ProcEnviron :
LANG=en_US.UTF -8
SHELL=/bin/bash
SourcePackage : pidgin
Uname : Linux 2.6.28-13-generic i686
In this post you ’ll get a bit of an idea how to :
make a Haskell program much faster by parallelising it
see how to analyse and use the SMP runtime flags GHC provides
mess with the parallel garbage collector
Ultimately we ’ll make a program 4 x faster on 4 cores by changing one line of code , using parallelism , and tuning the garbage collector .
Update : and since I began writing this GHC HQ ( aka Simon , Simon and Satnam ) have released “ Runtime Support for Multicore Haskell ” which finally puts on paper a lot of information that was previously just rumour .
As a result , I ’ve rewritten this article from scratch to use GHC 6.11 ( today ’s snapshot ) since it is just so much faster and easier to use than 6.10 .x .
Ready ?
The new GHC garbage collector
The GHC 6.10 release notes contain the following text on runtime system changes :
The garbage collector can now use multiple threads in parallel .
The new -g n RTS flag controls it , e.g. run your program with +RTS - g2 - RTS to use 2 threads .
The -g option is implied by the usual - N option , so normally there will be no need to specify it separately , although occasionally it is useful to turn it off with - g1 .
Do let us know if you experience strange effects , especially an increase in GC time when using the parallel GC ( use + RTS -s - RTS to measure GC time ) .
See Section 5.14.3 , “ RTS options to control the garbage collector ” for more details .
Interesting .
Maybe this will have some impact on the shootout benchmarks .
Binary trees : single threaded
There ’s one program that ’s been bugging me for a while , where the garbage collector is a bottleneck : parallel binary - trees on the quad core Computer Language Benchmarks Game .
This is a pretty straight forward program for testing out memory management of non-flat data types in a language runtime – and FP languages should do very well with their bump - and - allocate heaps .
All you have to do is allocate and traverse a bunch of binary trees really .
This kind of data :
data Tree = Nil | Node !
Int !
Tree !
Tree
Note that the rules state we ca n’t use laziness to avoid making O ( n ) allocations at a time , so the benchmark will use a strict tree type – that ’s fine – it only helps with a single core anyway .
GHC will unbox those
Int fields into the constructor too , with - funbox - strict - fields ( should be implied by - O in my opinion ) .
The benchmark itself is really quite easy to implement .
Pattern matching makes allocating and wandering them trivial :
-- traverse the tree , counting up the nodes check :: Tree ->
Int check Nil = 0 check ( Node i l r ) = i + check l - check r -- build a tree make :: Int -> Int ->
Tree make i 0 = Node i Nil Nil make i d = Node i ( make ( i2 - 1 ) d2 ) ( make i2 d2 ) where i2 = 2 * i d2 = d - 1
The full code is here .
So quite naive code , and fast … if we just look at this code running on the single core benchmark machine :
Functional language implementations taking up 4 of the top 6 slots , and edging out C ( it ’s even faster with lazy trees ) .
You can try this for yourself :
whirlpool $ ghc - O2 -- make A.hs [ 1 of 1 ] Compiling Main ( A.hs , A.o ) Linking A ... whirlpool$ time ./A 16 stretch tree of depth 17 check : -1 131072 trees of depth 4 check : -131072 32768 trees of depth 6 check : -32768 8192 trees of depth 8 check : - 8192 2048 trees of depth 10 check : - 2048 512 trees of depth 12 check : - 512 128 trees of depth 14 check : - 128 32 trees of depth 16 check : - 32 long lived tree of depth 16 check : - 1 ./A 16 1.26s user 0.03s system 100 % cpu 1.291 total
I ’m on a quad core Linux 2.6.26-1-amd64 x86_64 box , with :
whirlpool $ ghc --version The Glorious Glasgow Haskell Compilation System , version 6.11.20090302
If we take the value of N up to the N=20 , it takes a while longer to run :
whirlpool$ time ./A 20 stretch tree of depth 21 check : -1 2097152 trees of depth 4 check : -2097152 524288 trees of depth 6 check : -524288 131072 trees of depth 8 check : -131072 32768 trees of depth 10 check : -32768 8192 trees of depth 12 check : - 8192 2048 trees of depth 14 check : - 2048 512 trees of depth 16 check : - 512 128 trees of depth 18 check : - 128 32 trees of depth 20 check : - 32 long lived tree of depth 20 check : - 1 ./A 20 40.21s user 0.16s system 99 % cpu 40.382 total
And of course we get no speed from the extra cores on the system yet .
We ’re only using 1/4 of the machine ’s processing resources .
The implementation contains no parallelisation strategy for GHC to use .
Binary trees in parallel
Since Haskell ( especially pure Haskell like this ) is easy to parallelise , and in general GHC Haskell is pretty zippy on multicore :-) let ’s see what we can do to make this faster by parallelisation .
It turns out , teaching this program to use multicore is ridiculously easy .
All we have to change is one line !
Where previously we computed the depth of all the trees between minN and maxN sequentially ,
let vs = depth minN maxN ... depth :: Int -> Int -> [(
Int , Int , Int ) ] depth d m | d <= m = ( 2 * n , d , sumT d n 0 ) : depth ( d + 2 ) m | otherwise = [ ] where n = 1 `shiftL` ( m - d + minN )
Which yields a list of tree results sequentially , we instead step back , and compute the separate trees in parallel using parMap :
let vs = parMap rnf id $ depth minN maxN
From Control .
Parallel .
Strategies , parMap forks sparks for each ( expensive ) computation in the list , evaluating them in parallel to normal form .
This technique uses sparks – lazy futures – to hint to the runtime that it might be a good idea to evaluate each subcomputation in parallel .
When the runtime spots that there are spare threads , it ’ll pick up the sparks , and run them .
With +RTS - N4 , those sparks ( in this case , 9 of them ) will get scheduled over 4 cores .
You can find out more about this style of parallel programming in ch24 of Real World Haskell , in Algorithm + Strategy = Parallelism and now in the new GHC HQ runtime paper .
Running parallel binary trees
Now that we ’ve modified the implementation to contain a parallel evaluation strategy , all we have to do is compile it against the threaded GHC runtime , and those sparks will be picked up by the scheduler , and dropped into real threads distributed across the cores .
We can try it using 2/4 cores :
whirlpool $ ghc - O2 - threaded A.hs -- make - fforce - recomp whirlpool$ time ./A 16 +RTS - N2 stretch tree of depth 17 check : -1 131072 trees of depth 4 check : -131072 32768 trees of depth 6 check : -32768 8192 trees of depth 8 check : - 8192 2048 trees of depth 10 check : - 2048 512 trees of depth 12 check : - 512 128 trees of depth 14 check : - 128 32 trees of depth 16 check : - 32 long lived tree of depth 16 check : - 1 ./A 16 +RTS - N2 1.34s user 0.02s system 124 % cpu 1.094 total
Hmm , a little faster at N=16 , and > 100 % cpu .
Trying again with 4 cores :
whirlpool$ time ./A 16 +RTS - N4 stretch tree of depth 17 check : -1 131072 trees of depth 4 check : -131072 32768 trees of depth 6 check : -32768 8192 trees of depth 8 check : - 8192 2048 trees of depth 10 check : - 2048 512 trees of depth 12 check : - 512 128 trees of depth 14 check : - 128 32 trees of depth 16 check : - 32 long lived tree of depth 16 check : - 1 ./A 16 +RTS - N4 2.89s user 0.06s system 239 % cpu 1.229 total
Hmm … so it got only a little faster with 2 cores at N=16 , but about the same with 4 cores .
At N=20 we see similar results :
whirlpool$ time ./A 20 +RTS - N4 stretch tree of depth 21 check : -1 2097152 trees of depth 4 check : -2097152 524288 trees of depth 6 check : -524288 131072 trees of depth 8 check : -131072 32768 trees of depth 10 check : -32768 8192 trees of depth 12 check : - 8192 2048 trees of depth 14 check : - 2048 512 trees of depth 16 check : - 512 128 trees of depth 18 check : - 128 32 trees of depth 20 check : - 32 long lived tree of depth 20 check : - 1 ./A 20 +RTS - N4 96.61s user 0.93s system 239 % cpu 40.778 total
So still 40s , at 239 % cpu .
So we made something hot .
And you can see a similar result at N=20 on the current quad core shootout binary - trees entry .
Jobs distributed across the cores , but not much better runtime .
A little better than the single core entry , but only a little .
And in the middle of the pack , and 2 x slower than C !
Meanwhile , on the single core , it ’s in 3rd place , ahead of C and C ++.
So what ’s going on ?
Listening to the garbage collector
We ’ve parallelised this logically well , so I ’m not prepared to abandon the top - level parMap strategy .
Instead , let ’s look deeper .
One clue about what is going on is the cpu utilisation in the shootout program :
Those are n’t very good numbers – we ’re using all the cores , but not very well .
So the program ’s doing something other than just number crunching .
A good suspect is that there ’s lots of GC traffic happening ( after all , a lot of trees are being allocated ! ) .
We can confirm this hunch with +RTS - sstderr which prints lots of interesting statistics about what the program did :
whirlpool$ time ./A 16 +RTS - N4 - sstderr ./A 16 +RTS - N4 - sstderr 946,644,112 bytes allocated in the heap 484,565,352 bytes copied during GC 8,767,512 bytes maximum residency ( 23 sample (s ) ) 95,720 bytes maximum slop 27 MB total memory in use ( 1 MB lost due to fragmentation ) Generation 0 : 674 collections , 0 parallel , 0.54s , 0.55s elapsed Generation 1 : 23 collections , 22 parallel , 0.57s , 0.16s elapsed Parallel GC work balance : 1.56 ( 17151829 / 10999322 , ideal 4 ) Task 0 ( worker ) : MUT time : 0.36s ( 0.39s elapsed ) GC time : 0.28s ( 0.13s elapsed ) Task 1 ( worker ) : MUT time : 0.67s ( 0.43s elapsed ) GC time : 0.14s ( 0.14s elapsed ) Task 2 ( worker ) : MUT time : 0.01s ( 0.43s elapsed ) GC time : 0.09s ( 0.08s elapsed ) Task 3 ( worker ) : MUT time : 0.00s ( 0.43s elapsed ) GC time : 0.00s ( 0.00s elapsed ) Task 4 ( worker ) : MUT time : 0.31s ( 0.43s elapsed ) GC time : 0.00s ( 0.00s elapsed ) Task 5 ( worker ) : MUT time : 0.22s ( 0.43s elapsed ) GC time : 0.60s ( 0.37s elapsed ) SPARKS : 7 ( 7 converted , 0 pruned ) INI T time 0.00s ( 0.00s elapsed ) MUT time 1.02s ( 0.43s elapsed ) GC time 1.12s ( 0.71s elapsed ) EXIT time 0.32s ( 0.03s elapsed ) Total time 2.45s ( 1.17s elapsed ) %GC time 45.5 % ( 60.7 % elapsed )
Alloc rate 708,520,343 bytes per MUT second Productivity 54.5 % of total user , 114.1 % of total elapsed gc_alloc_block_sync : 35082 whitehole_spin : 0 gen[ 0] .steps[0].sync_todo : 0 gen[0].steps[0].sync_large_objects : 0 gen [ 0 ] .steps [ 1].sync_todo : 1123 gen[0].steps[1].sync_large_objects : 0 gen [ 1].steps[0].sync_todo : 6318 gen[ 1] .steps[0].sync_large_objects : 0 ./A 16 +RTS - N4 - sstderr 2.76s user 0.08s system 241 % cpu 1.176 total
At N=16 , the program is spending 45 % of its time doing garbage collection .
That ’s a problem .
We can also see some other things :
7 sparks are being created by our parMap , all of which are turned into real threads
The parallel GC does get a chance to run in parallel 22 times .
And at N=20 , the benchmark number , things are n’t any better :
19,439,350,240 bytes allocated in the heap 21,891,579,896 bytes copied during GC 134,688,800 bytes maximum residency ( 89 sample (s ) ) 940,344 bytes maximum slop 376 MB total memory in use ( 6 MB lost due to fragmentation ) Generation 0 : 14576 collections , 0 parallel , 20.67s , 20.62s elapsed Generation 1 : 89 collections , 88 parallel , 36.33s , 9.20s elapsed SPARKS : 9 ( 9 converted , 0 pruned ) %GC time 64.0 % ( 74.8 % elapsed )
So yikes , we ’re wasting a lot of time cleaning up after ourselves ( though happily our par strategy is n’t wasting any fizzled sparks ) .
Diving into the GC docs , we see :
Bigger heaps work better with parallel GC , so set your - H value high ( 3 or more times the maximum residency )
Ok .
Let ’s try to get that number down .
Helping out the GC
We can see how much to make a guess at by looking at the maximum residency stats .
A good start might be 400M :
whirlpool$ time ./A 20 +RTS - N4 - H400 M stretch tree of depth 21 check : -1 2097152 trees of depth 4 check : -2097152 524288 trees of depth 6 check : -524288 131072 trees of depth 8 check : -131072 32768 trees of depth 10 check : -32768 8192 trees of depth 12 check : - 8192 2048 trees of depth 14 check : - 2048 512 trees of depth 16 check : - 512 128 trees of depth 18 check : - 128 32 trees of depth 20 check : - 32 long lived tree of depth 20 check : - 1 ./A 20 +RTS - N4 - H400 M 35.25s user 0.42s system 281 % cpu 12.652 total
Ok , so that was pretty easy .
Runtime has gone from 40s to 12s , and why ?
Looking at +RTS - sstderr :
%GC time 6.8 % ( 18.6 % elapsed ) Generation 0 : 86 collections , 0 parallel , 2.07s , 2.23s elapsed Generation 1 : 3 collections , 2 parallel , 0.34s , 0.10s elapsed
GC time is down under 10 % too , which is a good rule .
For the original N=16 , with its smaller number of trees , which was taking 1.29s , is now down to :
whirlpool$ time ./A 16 +RTS - N4 - H400 M stretch tree of depth 17 check : -1 131072 trees of depth 4 check : -131072 32768 trees of depth 6 check : -32768 8192 trees of depth 8 check : - 8192 2048 trees of depth 10 check : - 2048 512 trees of depth 12 check : - 512 128 trees of depth 14 check : - 128 32 trees of depth 16 check : - 32 long lived tree of depth 16 check : - 1 ./A 16 +RTS - N4 - H400 M 1.26s user 0.38s system 285 % cpu 0.575 total
So this is a reasonable stopping point .
The lessons
parMap can be quite effective and easy as a parallelisation strategy
if you ’ve a reasonable parallelisation strategy , but not getting the performance , check what the GC is doing .
And as a final remark , we can look forward to what ’s around the corner for GHC :
12.1 Independent GC …
We fully intend to pursue CPU - independent GC in the future … moving to more explicitly - separate heap regions is a more honest reflection of the underlying memory architecture …
So hopefully soon each core will be collecting its own binary trees .
References
Complete details of the new GC are in the paper , and particularly the new RTS paper :
Parallel generational - copying garbage collection with a block - structured heap , Simon Marlow , Tim Harris , Roshan P. James , Simon Peyton Jones , International Symposium on Memory Management 2008 .
Runtime Support for Multicore Haskell , Simon Marlow , Simon Peyton Jones and Satnam Singh .
Submitted to ICFP 09 .
And as a final teaser , more on the multicore Haskell story this week :
Cars that allow drivers to eat and sleep
Imagine cars that would allow you to eat , read , watch television and even sleep behind the wheel while travelling at a speed of 70 mph on the highway .
Your imagination could someday turn into a reality , thanks to scientists who claim to have developed lasers - guided vehicles , using a system which will lock cars using sensors as well as wireless technology , allowing up to ten at a time to cruise in “ car train ” convoys .
And , according to the scientists at Volvo , the sensors will synchronise each car to follow in the wake of the vehicle which is directly ahead , with a laser calculating the speed relative to other cars at a rate of 50 times a second .
Interestingly , the only steering and braking would be done by a professional driver at the front of the convoy .
“ It would be the same as sitting on a bus or a train , with the big difference that when you come to your exit you take over and you go directly to your destination without having to switch vehicles .
“ The professional driver leading the convoy will be responsible for the safety of those behind him .
But , those joining the convoy will be taking only the same sort of risks that those jumping on a bus or tube are taking , ” Jonas Ekmark , a safety researcher at Volvo cars , told the ‘ Daily Mail ’ .
Via The Times of India
' I love my business .
I 'm not going to give it away without a fight , ' Katie Perry says .
What 's the difference between a girl - kissing pop sensation and an Australian luxury loungewear designer ?
Well , two letters : " i " and " e " — and apparently that 's too close for comfort .
On Tuesday ( June 16 ) , an Australian newspaper reported that a local fashion designer , Katie Perry , had been served a cease - and - desist order from lawyers representing singer [ artist id =" 1962774 " ]
Katy Perry [ / artist ] , aimed at stopping her from trademarking her birth name for a clothing label .
According to The Australian , Katie Perry started a " luxury loungewear " fashion line more than two years ago and had been selling her designs online and through local markets .
Last week , she opened her first retail outlet in a suburb of Sydney and filed paperwork to trademark her name for both the store and her line .
That 's when she received a letter from a Queensland - based legal firm , Fisher Adams Kelly , who were acting on behalf of Katy Perry , asking her to stop selling her line .
" I got such a huge shock .
It really felt like I was being intimidated and bullied into signing everything away , " Katie Perry told the newspaper .
" It asked me to give up the trademark , withdraw sales of my clothes , withdraw any advertising and any Web sites and sign that I will not in the future use a similar trademark to Katy Perry .
I pretty much burst into tears . "
Perry told The Australian that she was born Katie Jane Perry and , as such , she has no plans to cease and desist just because her name happens to be similar to an internationally famous pop star .
" I love my business .
I 'm not going to give it away without a fight , either , " she said .
" I 'm not trying to become a singer .
I 'm not pretending to be her .
This is my income .
And it 's the livelihood of my contractors as well . "
Katy Perry is scheduled to play three shows in Australia in August , which should be , uh , interesting .
MTV News ' attempts to contact her label , Capitol Records , for comment on the situation were unsuccessful .
The origin of the term casino is often argued by many , but history has it that the word casino got it ’s roots from the word Casa which means a little house in Italian .
Therefore it is theorised that the term originated in Italy and originally means a house or a social club .
As time went by , the term casino began to spread until it gained a wider popularity in the 19th century .
In contemporary society casinos are found in public buildings and social gatherings , very close to relaxation and pleasurable spots .
This localization of a casino is dependent on how social the community is because the original casinos were built in a larger Italian villa .
Casinos were originally designed to host some functions such as gambling , and sports .
These have metamorphosed into the casinos of today where ultimately their work is to enable people to gamble .
Some casinos are known to host live events like live sport contests amongst other entertainment .
The gaming industry handles casino legislation although there is argument amongst experts who weigh the advantages and disadvantages of casinos .
In some countries , Casinos have been legalized and in turn witness huge turnouts due to increased unemployment .
Contemporary Casinos
Casinos have come a long way since their dawn , and the modern casino includes all the latest technology used to encourage people to spend more of their hard earned cash .
The variety of games has also expanded , check out some of the notable games that can be found in a contemporary casino :
Poker
This is a card game always based on a 5 card hand .
Although there are many versions of this game , generally poker is played by ranking the hand from the lowest to the highest like high card , pair , two pair , three of a kind , straight etc. , the player with the best hand wins .
Craps
Craps is a dice game that is based on seven .
This is a very popular game that often draws crowds to spectate while the players bet around the table .
The main focus of this game is the pass line .
7 and 11 win on this pass line while 2 , 3 and 12 lose .
Other numbers rolled become an extra point .
Blackjack
Blackjack is another casino card game , played between the player and house .
After the dealer deals out two cards to each player and their self , the dealer face a card up and another down .
The players then try to get as close to 21 without exceeding the 21 limit .
Slots
Slots are game machines that feature a variety of different types of games and are very popular in casinos throughout the world .
They are played by inserting coins into the machine and either pulling a handle or pressing a button which make the wheels of the machine spin .
Regulation
Casinos have had to increase spending in order to reduce government ’s regulation which has undoubtedly been harmful to the growth of the industry nationally .
Casinos have however resorted to other means such as the internet and other forms of online gambling in order to increase revenue streams .
This has generated huge revenue as gambling is put into the living rooms of those who enjoy a bit of gambling , it is literally at their fingertips .
To help sway government legislation casino businesses will make contributions to matters of national interest , for example in the US in the 2014 election , the industry generated a total sum of nearly $ 23.4 million , with 51 % of it going to the Democrat party ( though that was down slightly from the record $ 71.6 million given in 2012 – a presidential election year ) .
There are advantages and disadvantages of the casino industry , modern day casinos are being built to tackle crime by equipping themselves with all the latest and necessary anti-crime facilities and technology .
Owing to the huge amount of revenue they generate , employees at times are moved to steal from the hand that feeds them .
This is being reduced however to the barest minimum by the installation of security cameras which are fitted and constantly monitored throughout the casino .
Modern casinos have a dramatically increased security system which is usually divided into a specialist surveillance security team and a physical security force .
The physical security as the names implies responds to distress calls and report on any suspicious activities or actual crimes that they witness .
On the other hand , the surveillance team operates as the casinos eye in the sky monitoring the activity from viewpoints that the physical security force would n’t be able to .
Above all , the surveillance team will work hand in hand with the physical security force to combine their resources to ensure that no crime goes unpunished .
Some casinos also have catwalks in their roofs above the casino floor , which allow security to spy on the activities at the tables and slot machines .
However , security cameras are not the only technological measures , rules of behaviour are enforced in order to avoid cheating as players at card games are required to keep the cards they are holding in their hands visible for transparency for anyone outside of the game itself .
Modern casinos have been designed to accommodate families and not just the usual gamblers you associate with these establishments .
Some casinos offer theme parks , luxurious hotels , sporting venues , department stores for everyone to enjoy .
These amenities increase visitors as well as income .
The casino industry also makes a big contribution to solving the unemployment problem to a great extent .
The community where a casino is established often witness full employment and there are often additional important benefits for nearby communities such as contributions to local government .
There are a huge range of roles that are filled from security guards to chefs to waitresses and many others .
among others .
Unfortunately casinos also have a dark side and cause a lot of controversy in a number of circles .
Where casinos are built crime will often follow and an increased crime rate has been a proven correlation with casinos .
In 2004 , the US department of justice , researchers interviewed people arrested in Las Vegas and Des Mones and found that the rate of pathological gamblers among those arrested was three to five times higher than in the general population .
A report from police authorities have indicated that there is an increase in crime rate often double or more within a few years of opening a casino .
Despite all the gambling laws , new technology and increased security discussed above , cheating still prevails .
Casinos are also associated with not paying their tax , they often tolerate or ignore the use of drugs , alcohols and prostitution and most of these are improperly managed .
That ’s not to mention the huge problems associated with people becoming addicted to gambling !
Finally , while some countries allow casinos some have created rules and control legislation in the form of control acts .
An example of a country that enforces this is Singapore where gambling was completely illegal until the casino control act of 2006 was brought into force .
This was created to regulate the operations and gaming in casinos in preparation for the opening of integrated resorts .
There are laws governing the establishment of this industry in all countries and this law should be continually enforced and adhered to so a place of social activity and entertainment does not turn into a play ground for criminals .
Remember Dov Weisglass ?
The one who said that peace must wait until the Palestinians become Finns ?
Who talked about preserving the peace process in formaldehyde ?
However , Weisglass will mainly be remembered less for his mouth than his eyes .
Weisglass is the King of the Wink .
This week , Binyamin Netanyahu called him in for urgent consultations .
He needed a lesson in “ working with the eyes ” ( as cheating is called in modern Hebrew slang ) .
Winking is the main instrument of the settlement enterprise .
The wink is the real father of the settlements .
The settlers wink .
The government winks .
Officials do n’t issue a permit , but wink .
They say no , and wink .
Wink and build .
Wink and connect to electricity and water .
Wink and send soldiers to protect the outposts , and also remove the Palestinians from adjoining fields and olive groves .
The wink is also the main instrument of Israeli diplomacy .
Everything is done by winking .
The Americans demand a freeze of the settlements – and wink .
The Israelis agree to the freeze – and wink back .
Trouble is that there is no printed sign for a wink .
The computer has no standard symbol for it .
So Hillary Clinton could honestly assert this week that no wink is documented in any agreement signed by the US and Israel .
Not in any memorandum of oral exchanges .
So there are no understandings .
No mention at all of a wink in any file or document .
Worse : it seems that in Afro-American culture the wink is unknown .
When Netanyahu came to the White House and winked – Barack Obama did not respond .
Winked again , and again Obama did not understand .
Winked and winked and winked until his face ached – nothing .
Obama thought , perhaps , that Netanyahu had a nervous tic .
Really embarrassing .
What can you do with someone who is no winkee ?
How , for God ’s sake , does one get him to wink back ?
That is the main problem confronting the Prime Minister of Israel .
Tomorrow he is going to deliver a Great Speech .
Not just great , Historic .
His resounding response to Obama ’s speech in Egypt .
Everything has been done to put the two events on the same level .
Obama spoke at Cairo University ?
Netanyahu will speak at Bar - Ilan University , the religious right - wing institution that nurtured the murderer of Yitzhak Rabin .
But that is the only similarity .
Obama outlined the contours of a New Middle East ?
Netanyahu will outline the contours of the Old Middle East .
Obama spoke about a future of peace , cooperation and mutual respect ?
Netanyahu will speak about a past of Holocaust , violence , hatred and fears .
Netanyahu ’s biggest problem is to make believe that the old is new .
To make yesterday ’s tired old clichés sound like the rallying call for tomorrow .
But how to do that without using winks , facing a person who does not understand winks ?
How to speak about the “ natural increase ” of the settlers without winking ?
How to speak about a Palestinian state without winking ?
How to speak about speeding up peace negotiations with the Palestinians without winking ?
The most expert tailors have been called for advice about the emperor ’s new clothes .
Ministers and Knesset members and professors and magicians and , of course , Shimon Peres .
All of them rallied to the call : to tailor a beautiful robe , fashionable trousers and a colorful tie – such as only the very wisest of people will see .
Once we could rely on the Holocaust .
We said Holocaust , and the room fell silent .
We could oppress the Palestinians , steal their lands , set up settlements , scatter checkpoints everywhere like the droppings of flies , blockade Gaza and so on .
When the Goyim opened their mouths to protest , we cried “ Holocaust ” – and the words froze on their lips .
So what to do with someone who himself speaks incessantly about the Holocaust and denounces its deniers ?
A person who actually bothers to visit a concentration camp and drags with him “ Mr. Holocaust ” , Elie Wiesel , in person ?
No wonder that our Prime Minister tosses and turns in his bed and finds no rest for his soul .
Netanyahu without the Holocaust is like the Pope without the cross .
Netanyahu without a “ second Holocaust ” – how can he speak about Iran ?
What can he say about the Existential Danger , which prevents us from dismantling cabins in Judea and sheds in Samaria ?
( Thank God for small mercies : at least Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , our main asset in the region , has been reelected . )
So how will Netanyahu pitch his Historic Speech ?
He will have to try and hammer a square peg into a round hole .
To say Yes when he means No .
That is what his predecessors did .
Ehud Barak did it .
Ariel Sharon did it .
Ehud Olmert did it .
With one big difference : they did it with a sly wink .
Netanyahu will have to do it with a straight face .
He must speak about Two States without mentioning two states .
To speak about freezing the settlements while building work there is proceeding at full speed .
In the past , there were many ways of going on with the settlement .
“ The Jewish brain produces patents ” , as a popular Hebrew song goes .
New neighborhoods were built under the pretense that they were simply an extension of existing ones – at a distance of ten meters , or a hundred , or a thousand or two , as long as they were in the range of visibility .
Or it was said that the building activity was taking place within the boundaries of existing settlements – helped by the fact that the municipal area of Maaleh Adumin settlement , for example , is officially as big as all of Tel - Aviv .
One can also brandish George W. Bush ’s famous letter , in which he expressed his opinion that in any future peace agreement “ existing Israeli population centers ” should be joined to Israel .
But Bush did not define the “ population centers ” nor outline their borders .
And he certainly did not say that we are allowed to build there before the signing of a final agreement , including possible swaps of territory .
Not that he had any authority to decide such matters in the first place .
One can also talk about “ natural increase ” .
No problem : women can be turned into factories for children , preferable twins and triplets .
Also , one can adopt children from the age of 1 to 101 .
After all , if there is a new child in the family , one needs to build another room , another house , another neighborhood .
( By the way , “ natural increase ” is , of course , a strictly Jewish matter .
Arabs have no natural increase .
Their increase is unnatural . )
And what about the State of Palestine , as projected by Obama ?
Israeli TV did a beautiful job this week , when it reminded us what Netanyahu said only six years ago : “ A Palestinian state – NO ! ” because “ Yes to a Palestinian state means No to the Jewish state . ”
Netanyahu seems to think that it is only a matter of presentation .
He can mention that in the past we already accepted the Road Map , which contains something about a Palestinian state .
True , we made the acceptance conditional on 14 “ reservations ” which castrated it and turned it into a meaningless scrap of paper .
But perhaps Obama will be content with that .
To sum up : no need to talk about Two States when they have already been mentioned in the Road Map ( its name be cursed ) , which we declared dead a long time ago , but which we now consider alive again , and where something like two states is mentioned , so there is no need to repeat it – enough to allude to it in an oblique way .
But what to do if , in spite of everything , the Americans insist that Netanyahu emit the two words “ Palestinian state ” from his own mouth ?
If there is no way out , Netanyahu may mutter them somehow , silently adding phooey - phooey - phooey and loudly adding qualifications that empty them of all content .
That is what Barak did , then Sharon , then Olmert .
The declarations of Tzipi Livni and her people produce the impression that they are stuck at the same point .
They , too , seem to believe that we can go on speaking about two states and doing the very opposite , about freezing the settlements and go on building there .
No new message is coming from this camp , but only criticism of Netanyahu for not changing his style to please Obama .
But what Obama is asking for is not a new formulation of old slogans .
He demands the acceptance of the principle of Two States as a basis for concrete and rigorous action : achieving an agreement on the establishment of a state called Palestine , with its capital in East Jerusalem , without settlements and all the other paraphernalia of the occupation .
He demands the start of negotiations forthwith , so that within two or three years – before the end of his current term – real peace will be established , a peace that will ensure the existence and security of “ the Jewish state of Israel ” ( as George Mitchell put it this week ) and the Arab state of Palestine , side by side .
All this as part of a new Greater Middle Eastern order , from Pakistan to Morocco , and as a part of a world - wide vision .
Against this demand , no winking a la Weisglass or verbal gimmicks a la Peres will be of any avail .
In tomorrow ’s speech , Netanyahu will have to choose between three alternatives : a head - on collision with the United States , a total change in his policy , or resignation .
The era of winks is over .
Will Happer
Will Happer is another , highly - respected physicist out of Princeton who compares the anti-CO2 crowd to the prohibitionists prior to the passage of the 18th Amendment .
While he does acknowledge long - term warming , he thinks the influence of CO2 is vastly overstated , and that the benefits of a modest reduction in it will be negligible .
In testimony to Congress , he used the following analogy what he means :
The earth 's climate really is strongly affected by the greenhouse effect , although the physics is not the same as that which makes real , glassed - in greenhouses work .
Without greenhouse warming , the earth would be much too cold to sustain its current abundance of life .
However , at least 90 % of greenhouse warming is due to water vapor and clouds .
Carbon dioxide is a bit player .
There is little argument in the scientific community that a direct effect of doubling the CO2 concentration will be a small increase of the earth 's temperature -- on the order of one degree .
Additional increments of CO2 will cause relatively less direct warming because we already have so much CO2 in the atmosphere that it has blocked most of the infrared radiation that it can .
It is like putting an additional ski hat on your head when you already have a nice warm one below it , but your are only wearing a windbreaker .
To really get warmer , you need to add a warmer jacket .
The IPCC thinks that this extra jacket is water vapor and clouds .
If you smoked your draft card or watched the white - suit shuffle from Tranquility Base , you may remember our last V - 8 three - way with Chevy , Dodge , and Ford muscle coupes [ March 1968 ] .
Who knew then that a rematch would take 40 years ?
Or that the Earth would tilt so much in the meantime ?
Pasadena ’s little old lady is in Forest Lawn , and two of the three lords of Detroit are now government - dependent basket cases .
You ’d be playing long odds to believe this test will ever be repeated .
Tune in to the hybrid comparison elsewhere in this issue to see what ’s on the White House ’s must - have list .
And those all - American , mag - wheeled , sloppy double cheeseburgers we call muscle cars ?
They ’ve gone international , baby .
Australians engineered the 2010 Chevrolet Camaro , and Canadians build it , as they do the Dodge Challenger , which circulates Mercedes - Benz blood and comes from a company that , as of this writing , is hoping to merge with Fiat .
Ford Mustangs roll down an assembly line with Mazdas .
We waited until we could get all three cars — with V - 8s and manuals — in one place .
The last previous - generation Camaro stocker we tested , eight years ago , was a shivery live - axle primitive from the Flintstone age .
The all - new Camaro is now a bunker - top four - seater — long , low , wide , and draped over the big , independently sprung skeleton of the Holden - based Pontiac G8 sedan .
The 426 - hp , 6.2 - liter LS3 V - 8 of the SS , with 20 - inch Pirelli P Zero rubber and Brembo brakes — forza ­Italia !— starts at $ 31,040 .
Add the 2SS pack , which includes a Boston Acoustics stereo , Bluetooth connectivity , heated leather seats , and quad console gauges , and the sticker reaches $ 34,225 .
Chrysler put a convex mirror up to its history and produced a two - door RV , a veritable magic bus of nostalgia .
The prodigious Challenger is 9.7 inches longer than the relatively peewee Mustang and almost two inches wider , with a trunk big enough for a koi pond .
The suspension is also all - independent , the underside derived from the Chrysler 300 / Dodge Charger , which was fashioned from the toenail clippings of an older Mercedes - Benz E-class .
Seeking price parity with the others , we asked for the mid-level R/T with its 376 - hp , 5.7 - liter semi-Hemi V - 8 .
That one will follow you home for $ 30,945 .
However , this R/T arrived bearing $ 8675 in options , including a $ 995 six - speed manual ; several leather , stereo , and luxury trim packs ; navigation ; and chrome - clad wheels .
Unlike the other two , the 2010 Mustang has an unbroken lineage going back to the rocket - age original .
Astoundingly , considering the number of redesigns , the solid rear axle remains , protected by a ruthless cost calculus meant to hold the Mustang ’s starting price about $ 1000 to $ 1200 under those of the Camaro and Challenger .
A $ 1495 Track package is available , with stiffer springs , shocks , and anti-roll bars ; very expensive Pirelli P Zero summer tires ( again with the Italians ) ; and a digger , 3.73 limited - slip rear end .
Add it to the $ 28,845 GT with its 315 - hp , 4.6 - liter V - 8 , along with optional 19 - inch machine - polished alloys , heated seats , and an anti-theft pack , and you ’re talking $ 35,425 .
The times may be a - changin ’ , but muscle cars are n’t the province of those who worry about the future beyond the next 1320 feet .
The shimmering asphalt of an endless summer awaits .
Quad headlights blazing from the slot .
A single bar of wall - to - wall taillights .
Hood vents .
Chrome wheels with the glint of Cragars .
Black stripes that end in the six - inch - high “ RT ” letters on the hips .
Yep , it ’s a Challenger , and it stirs up sugary memories like a big orange stick in a cotton - candy machine .
The Challenger is a full - size sedan wearing a coupe costume .
Chrysler ’s designers did heroic duty scaling up the original Challenger ’s shape to fit its big house , but ultimately , it ’s a 13/10 ths - scale caricature , heavy at the bottom , capturing the essence but not the delicate sexiness of the original .
Muscle cars were always about the slow cruise as much as the fast quarter , and the Challenger is our first draft pick for the boulevard .
Four of the graduating class fit comfortably , and every control and motion is cushioned , from the pillow - soft clutch to the six - speed ’s featherweight pistol shifter to the mellow suspension that floats over railroad tracks .
Wailing at 5700 rpm , the V - 8 is loud but barely felt .
Only the heavy , vague steering is a burden , and we wish the brake pedal was n’t quite so swampy .
Nothing flusters this big pleasure craft until the thrashing starts .
Then it sways , it bobs , and it squats back and squirms at full throttle like a fat man settling onto a cold toilet seat .
Dodge fits the R/T with all - season Goodyear Eagle RS - As , the same tires you might fit to your pastor ’s Diplomat .
Trying to corral 4140 pounds on a twisty road , they backslide into a decent impersonation of Goodyear ’s long - gone Polyglas donuts .
Want to know what the glory years were really like ?
Find out — safely , thanks to modern anti-crash devices — in the Challenger , where the understeer is relentless , the tail wagging is joyous , and the reason Dodge wo n’t let you fully disable the electronic stability control becomes patently obvious ( only a reduced - interference mode is selectable ) .
One test driver called it the perfect muscle car — if you live in Kansas .
________________________________________________________________
View Photos KEVIN WING
________________________________________________________________
Keep the speeds in saner zones , and the R/T will run down the miles with a relaxed ease not attained by the others .
The front buckets are just narrow enough through the torso to provide solid lateral support , the seat travel is long , and the steering telescopes to supply the last bit of personal tailoring .
Sadly , the styling exuberance outside is n’t echoed within .
Coal - black plastic is indifferently shaped into something only vaguely sporty .
At least it ’s functional , with large gauges displaying the vitals , and a touch - screen navigation console is always there for guidance .
As in the other cars , the leather pack brings fancy French stitching in contrasting white thread .
At 5.1 seconds to 60 mph , the Challenger is the test slowpoke , although its additional power enables it to match the 560 - pound - lighter Mustang in the quarter - mile and outrun it at higher speeds .
The Hemi is a late peaker — do n’t go looking for any real firepower below 4000 rpm .
It pulls out of the hole with a snorty rush in the lower gears , but acceleration pancakes sharply with the upshift to fourth and the start of the tall fuel - economy ratios .
In sixth , the velocity delta practically stalls completely , especially on a grade .
It ’s true — you ca n’t go back .
But the Challenger has enough retro reverb to prove that you really would n’t want to anyway .
Baseball , hot dogs , apple pie , and one sinister - looking new Camaro .
Love or hate the styling ( some on our panel did n’t exactly love it ) , credit GM for modernizing , rather than simply mimeographing , its iconic sports coupe .
We ’d have preferred a reinvention with more visibility , though .
The choptop is pure outlaw , but with 426 horsepower and yards of hiked - up sheetmetal to mind , the Camaro feels like it has less glass than a Nikon .
The seats are low , and the dash and doors close in like canyon cliffs , with rear - quarter views pinched by the upswept shoulders and a tsunami of C - pillar .
Smallish side mirrors complete the vision jamming .
Because you see so much of the interior , we ’re thankful that GM designers committed their best ideas to it : the wing - shaped gauge pods , the deep - dish steering wheel , the unusual waistband of black fabric .
The console dials — oil pressure , oil temp , volts , and transmission temp — are welcome , even if they ’re down by the floor .
True , our butts eventually grew tired of the hard buckets , and the back seat lacks reasonable headroom , but our fingers never got frustrated working the well - placed radio buttons and the tightly clustered climate controls .
It ’s not a Camaro unless it can set fire to a burnout box .
Frankly , we expected the 60 - mph mark to arrive sooner than 4.8 seconds .
That ’s only a 10th better than the Mustang , which has 111 fewer horsepower ( and is 300 pounds lighter ) .
Still , the Camaro was quicker through the quarter - mile , and our low - miles test car may still have been tight .
Even if true , the 6.2 socks it to you in the low and midrange revs much harder than either the peaky Dodge or the Ford .
It also drains the tank quicker , returning 14 mpg to the Mustang ’s 17 .
The LS3 makes a muffled , less enthralling grumble than the Mustang .
If not quite the bolter we had expected , the Camaro SS carves nice squiggles , with tamped - down body motions , tacky grip , and a brake pedal so firm and responsive that we checked it for a Porsche part number .
We wish Porsche had supplied the steering .
Shades of Camaros past are evident in the slightly overboosted and overinsulated wheel .
And the pedals are widespread and offset , making fast footwork a challenge for all but the size 14s in the group .
________________________________________________________________
View Photos KEVIN WING
________________________________________________________________
As you can see , this Camaro is more multidimensional than the one - trick quarter - milers that used to wear the badge .
To wit , its story is complicated :
The stiff , insulated structure soaks up engine vibes and tire moaning , but the rear end discombobulates and dances while accelerating over rough pavement .
The freeway chop-chop , though stiffest in this group , is still tolerably muted , but the clutch takeup is high and abrupt .
Palming the Tremec TR6060 ’s short , precise shifter is satisfying , but the trunk is small and its opening smaller .
You do n’t load bags so much as push them through a mail slot .
Alas , most of history ’s blockbuster cars had faults aplenty .
The panel was shocked , shaken , and staunchly unanimous : This Mustang rules .
Why the low expectations ?
Look at the stats .
Just 315 horsepower .
Simple struts up front and a log axle out back .
A five - speed pitted against two bolt - action sixes .
But look at the facts :
At 3580 pounds , the Mustang is lightest by 300 .
A lively throttle reels in 60 mph nearly as quickly as the Camaro ( the Mustang did have 6700 break - in miles , which may have helped ) , and the car pulls the highest skidpad g ( 0.92 ) by a wide margin .
The Ford stops in the same distance as the megabraked Camaro ( 162 feet ) , and it returned the best fuel economy ( 17 mpg ) despite having the shortest gear ratios of the three cars .
Explanations ?
Perhaps it ’s because the Mustang stayed in production while the others took long sabbaticals .
Ford used the intervening years well .
This Mustang is the most beguiling yet .
In this company , the steering trumps — it ’s fast , direct , and , though still a bit isolated , far more naturally weighted than that of the other two .
Body control with the Track pack is astounding .
It does n’t pogo , does n’t shimmy , does n’t slump to the outside and clop its way through a corner .
The ride may be firm , but nothing throws it off the slot - like path you cut through turns .
And somehow that live axle deals with pitching and pocked pavement with much of the sure - footed poise of an independent setup .
A Track - pack Mustang used only at the drag strip is a Mustang wasted .
The Ford is also the right size .
It does n’t devour a driveway or need to be greased into a parking space .
The dash and shoulder lines are low , and the 360 - degree view out is mostly unhindered .
And we admit to being total suckers for the retro , sequential turn indicators .
It ’s the shortest and narrowest , with a wheelbase more than five inches shorter than the Camaro ’s , yet the interior measurements match or beat the Chevy’s .
The back seat , which splits 50/50 and folds ( all three cars have folding rear seats , though the Camaro ’s do n’t split ) , is adult - usable and even comfortable for riders up to six feet tall .
________________________________________________________________
View Photos KEVIN WING
________________________________________________________________
At the moment , no muscle car sounds more muscular , the “ little ” 4.6 firing up an 18 - ounce center - cut hhrrumpph ! of juicy protein .
For 2010 , Ford installs a “ sound induction tube ” to pipe more resonant intake noise into the cabin .
If that ’s all it takes , every vehicle including the neighborhood garbage truck should have one .
As the tach hovered close to 3000 rpm on extended freeway lopes , we longed for the sixth gear offered only in the Shelby GT500 .
The mind races with the fuel - economy possibilities .
A slightly heavy clutch is compensated for by pedals residing in close formation for heel - and - toe artistry .
The cabin trim is now less gulag - like , with stitched inserts on the doors and classy panels of low - luster aluminum finish across the dash .
Everything inside fits tightly , is grabbed easily , displays clearly , and works seamlessly , though the door pockets are too small to hold anything but a few baseball cards .
If the world is shrinking , so , too , perhaps , should our muscle cars .
The Mustang makes it stick with less — less tonnage , less stare - at - the - dancing - bear flamboyance .
We wish it was that much less expensive , too , but as with a Mini Cooper , it somehow does n’t feel overpriced .
If you ’re searching for clues as to why Ford is suddenly on the pole in Motown , we found one .
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
' Imelda ' Strikes Again Thieving Fox Amasses 120 Shoes
A vixen has stolen more than 120 shoes from doorsteps in the German town of Föhren over the last year , amassing a collection that would impress even Imelda Marcos .
Little bite marks on the laces suggest they 're intended as toys for her cubs .
The former U.S. international and Serie A defender is full of praise for Oguchi Onyewu 's transfer to AC Milan .
When the news of Oguchi Onyewu ’s signing with Italian giants AC Milan broke , former US star Alexi Lalas smiled .
The only American international to play in Serie A in the modern era , Lalas was pleased to see another compatriot finally get a chance in Italy ’s top league - and believes the Rossoneri ’s decision to sign Onyewu was very intelligent .
“ I think it ’s an incredibly smart move by AC Milan , ” Lalas told “ Defence has obviously been a weakness for Milan and from an economic standpoint it was also obvious that they were n’t going to spend lavishly .
So they had to be smart with their money .
Onyewu is n’t a big name player , he ’s relatively young , he ’s inexpensive and as far as I ’m concerned he ’s as good a centre - back as what they already have . ” ' Gooch ' , as Onyewu is nicknamed , arrives in Milan on a free transfer from Belgian side Standard Liege .
The 6 ’ 4 ” centre - half was a big part of the back - to - back championships won by Les Rouches and the side ’s run to the knock - out stage of last season ’s UEFA Cup .
These experiences have been vital to his progress , Lalas says , and were definitely a factor in the signing .
“ Regardless of the fact that he ’s American , he has proven himself in Europe , albeit at a smaller league , ” Lalas said .
“ Milan have been able to track him and see him play .
” Lalas , who played for Calcio Padova in Serie A from 1994 - 96 , has no advice for Onyewu except to “ learn Italian as quickly as possible ” .
The pressure , Lalas says , will not come from the jersey Onyewu is wearing but the passport he holds .
“ Obviously playing at one of the world ’s biggest clubs there will be pressure , ” Lalas said .
“ But on the other hand , you ’re also playing with very good players .
The pressure will be more because he’s an American than the fact that he ’s playing at AC Milan .
” But Lalas believes Onyewu has the tools to overcome any of the pressures and succeed in Italy ’s top league .
“ Most Italian clubs have at least one big forward , an Ibrahimovic , a Iaquinta , or whoever , and I think he ’ll match up very well against those big forwards that a lot of these teams have , ” Lalas said .
“ As a matter of fact , I think he ’ll gobble them up . ”
Photo : www.flickr.com
Russia 's President has introduced to parliament a new bill , taking the responsibility for sex crimes against children in Russia to new heights , Itar Tass said Monday .
According to Dmitry Medvedev 's initiative , rape of a minor should be penalized with eight to fifteen years ' imprisonment .
At present the prison term for rape of a child ranges between four and ten years .
A rape which results in unintentional manslaughter of a minor should land the criminal in prison for between twelve to twenty years , as opposed to the current term of eight to fifteen years .
The bill indicates the equality of homosexual and heterosexual rape , and states that offenders of both genders should be punished with equal severity .
Medvedev also proposes to reduce the possibility of early parole for pedophiles , a measure he has often made a point of in public speeches .
According to the bill he has proposed , a criminal sentenced for sexual offense of a minor can only be released early after serving at least 75 percent of the term .
Currently , there are no limits on early parole for child offenders .
According to the statistics voiced at a recent parliamentary session , the number of children who suffered a sexual offense has increased by almost 13 times as compared to 2003 , and reached 2,184 children victims in 2008 .
The amount of child pornography produced and sold has increased by ten times in the past few years , according to the Russian Interior Ministry , with at least 200,000 websites dealing in child pornography making at least $ 3 billion annually .
Researchers in Chicago have isolated the genetic defect that causes leukemia to occur more often in children with Down syndrome than in other children .
The findings are detailed in a study conducted by the Ben May Institute for Cancer Research at the University of Chicago and appear in the Aug. 12 issue of Nature Genetics .
The scientific discovery centres on a gene called GATA1 , mutations of which , researchers say , lead to the development of acute megakaryoblstic leukemia ( AMLK ) , a form of bone - marrow cancer almost exclusive to Down children .
Story continues below advertisement
Scientists have long been aware that those children are 10 to 20 times as likely to develop leukemia as children without Down syndrome , but the reason had always been a mystery , a co-author of the study said .
" AMLK is a rare malignancy , " Dr. Michelle Le Beau said .
" Our finding pinpoints a specific pathway that leads to this kind of cancer , offers a method for rapid and precise diagnosis , and suggests more focused ways to treat this disease . "
The hope , Dr. Le Beau said , is that additional research on GATA1 mutations will result in a more effective treatment for leukemia in Down children , that work too often hamstrung by the absence of compatible bone - marrow donors .
Down children have three copies of chromosome 21 instead of the usual two , and that abnormality is what puts them at greater risk of developing mutations on those genes .
Under normal functioning , GATA1 controls the characteristics of the genes responsible for the production of red blood cells and platelets .
Previous studies indicated that the absence of GATA1 caused platelets to divide excessively , said another of the report 's authors , Dr. John Crispino .
A mutated GATA1 gene - the kind found in Down children with leukemia - causes the same proliferation of platelets and so opens the door to leukemia , he said .
By a simple screening for GATA1 mutations , said Dr. Crispino , doctors will now be able to identify more quickly those Down babies likely to develop leukemia .
That early diagnosis will in turn allow them to begin treatment sooner and to extend the lives of children .
Attacks On Wifi ( Rogue Access Point )
Description : < div style = " text - align : justify ; " > Wireless IEEE 802.11 protocol is vulnerable to many over the air attacks .
The very nature of wireless medium leaks out the signal in un-controlled fashion and physical access to the enterprise is not always necessary .
This video series talks about different wireless attacks like De-authentication attack , planting rogue Access Point , client mis-association , RF jamming and many more such attacks .
The videos explain the attacks along with the tools used to launch them and the possible protection technique .
This video is on Rogue Access Points .
Any access point that is connected to the enterprise Ethernet jack without the administrator ’s knowledge is a rogue access point .
This can be intentionally planted access point by the malicious attacker or just an accidental insertion by any employee .
Rogue AP opens up serious security holes in enterprise the security .
Since there is no control of administrator on rogue AP ’s security and filter settings , it completely compromises the network .
This video talks more about the rogue AP attack and its possible solutions .< br >< br > Tags : Rogue AP , wireless attacks < br >< br >< br ></ div >< style type =" text /css " > body { background : # FFF ; } </style >
Tags : basics ,
Disclaimer :
We are a infosec video aggregator and this video is linked from an external website .
The original author may be different from the user re-posting / linking it here .
Please do not assume the authors to be same without verifying .
Total time : 50 minutes , plus chilling and cooling time
Servings : 6
Note :
This crostata dough is adapted from one by Nancy Silverton of Mozza .
Crostata dough
1 1/2 cups all - purpose flour
Advertisement
3/4 cup cake flour
3 tablespoons granulated sugar
Dash of salt
3/4 cup ( 1 1/2 sticks ) cold butter , cut into pieces
Advertisement
2 tablespoons ice water
1 tablespoon vanilla extract
1 . Heat the oven to 400 degrees .
2 . In the bowl of an electric mixer or food processor , combine the all - purpose flour , cake flour , sugar and salt .
Distribute the butter over the top and mix until the butter is thoroughly incorporated and the mixture resembles moist cornmeal .
Advertisement
3 . Combine the ice water and vanilla and sprinkle over the top of the dough .
Mix until the dough comes together and pulls cleanly away from the sides of the bowl .
4 . Remove the dough from the bowl and flatten it into a disk , then wrap it in plastic wrap and refrigerate until ready to use .
Mixed berries and assembly
3 cups mixture of blackberries , blueberries and cut - up strawberries
5 teaspoons sugar
Advertisement
1 tablespoon cornstarch
Crostata dough
1 tablespoon coarse sugar
Vanilla ice cream
Advertisement
1 . In a medium bowl , toss together the berries , sugar and cornstarch and stir gently until they are well - coated .
Set aside .
2 . On a lightly floured surface , roll the crostata dough out to a roughly 16 - inch - diameter circle .
Leave it a little thick ; the added texture is better .
Transfer the dough to a cookie sheet , then place the sweetened fruit mixture in the center and distribute it in a low mound , leaving a 2 - inch border .
3 . Fold the edges of the dough over the fruit to form a 6 - sided tart , with the fruit showing in the center :
Fold one edge over , then fold the second edge over , pleating the dough as necessary and pressing firmly on the pleat .
4 . Lightly brush the surface of the dough with a little water and sprinkle with coarse sugar .
Bake until the crust is brown and the fruit is soft and thickened , 30 to 35 minutes .
Rotate the crostata halfway through baking for even coloring .
Advertisement
5 . Remove the crostata from the oven and cool 10 minutes before cutting and serving with vanilla ice cream .
Each serving : 470 calories ; 6 grams protein ; 59 grams carbohydrates ; 3 grams fiber ; 24 grams fat ; 15 grams saturated fat ; 61 mg. cholesterol ; 36 mg. sodium .
WASHINGTON , April 1 ( UPI ) -- Russian and Chinese naval weapons designers know they lack the resources and the technology to match the awesome power of U.S. aircraft carrier battle groups ship for ship and plane for plane .
So instead , for decades , they have opted for asymmetrical solutions to the problem of killing U.S. super carriers .
And they have come up with some lethal weapons .
Russian military systems designers look to be able to produce large numbers of weapons based on relatively simple designs that are cost - effective and robust on the battlefield .
And when confronted with U.S. weapons systems that they cannot match directly like stealth bombers or nuclear - powered super aircraft carriers , they look for asymmetrical solutions that enable them to use their own areas of expertise .
Advertisement
Therefore , although Russia has still to demonstrate it can successfully build and operate a modern , 21st century - era large aircraft carrier , it leads the world in designing and producing relatively cheap missile systems designed to " kill " such carriers at scores , and even hundreds of miles distance .
The U.S. arsenal has no weapons to compare with the Russian - built Moskit 3M80 -- NATO designation SS - N - 22 Sunburn -- ramjet - powered cruise missile or the new , even more advanced SS - N - 27 Sizzler .
These weapons fly two and a half times faster than U.S. ones .
American cruise missiles are subsonic , but Russian - made ones can fly at well over Mach 2 , or more than twice the speed of sound -- with speeds estimated at 1,500 mph to 1,700 mph at close to ground level .
Russia has sold the technology to build the Moskit to China , which manufactures it as the Hai Ying or Sea Eagle HY2 .
It can carry an almost 500 - pound warhead , and it can deliver a tactical nuclear weapon .
The threat of the Hai Ying is so great that it has effectively barred operational access to the Taiwan Strait to U.S. aircraft carriers in time of high tension .
China has also supplied the Hai Ying to Iran .
It is striking that four - star Adm. William Fox Fallon , who has just resigned as head of U.S. Central Command , has expressed his caution and reluctance about going to war with Iran .
Fallon is the U.S. Navy 's leading expert , and therefore probably the top authority in the world , about using aircraft carrier - based air power to strike land - based targets .
His previous position was running Pacific Command with great distinction , and that theater includes China and Taiwan .
Fallon 's caution is clearly based in part on the fact that U.S. carrier battle groups would have to be operated with great discretion and skill to protect them from the threat of Iran 's Sunburns .
The threat that the Moskit SS - N - 22 Sunburn -- and now its younger more advanced sister , the SS - N - 27 Sizzler -- pose to U.S. aircraft carriers is very similar to the one that German battleships ' 15 - inch , or 381 mm , plunging shell - fire fired from long range posed to British battlecruisers in World War II .
The Bismarck , as previously noted in this series , sank the legendary and enormous , but only lightly armored , HMS Hood with a single long - range shell that detonated its powder magazine .
Respected analyst David Crane , writing in Defense Review in November 2006 , concluded bleakly , " Bottom line , our aircraft carriers are vulnerable against the latest Russian and Chinese torpedo and missile tech , and with the current U.S. naval defense philosophy , that situation is n't likely to change anytime soon . "
It is difficult to disagree with this prognosis .
Megan Jackson launched EmsCharityKiss late last May to tell Robert Pattinson just that .
Wait , let ’s back up for a minute .
Who ’s Megan Jackson ?
What ’s she doing for mental health awareness ?
And how does kissing Robert Pattinson play into any of it ?
Simply put , Megan Jackson is one of the most courageous young women I ’ve met in a long time .
You see , after dealing with depression for the past ten years and , by her own admission , spending a lot of time trying to avoid attention , the lovely Australian not only had what she calls “ one crazy idea , ” but she ’s also thrown caution to the wind and taken action to make her idea a reality .
The idea ?
To start EmsCharityKiss , a campaign geared toward increasing mental health awareness and raising money for research .
The “ crazy ” part ?
She hopes the campaign will not only draw attention to mental health advocacy and help raise money for research , but also that it will catch the attention of the heart stopping ( and in more ways than one , depending on whether he ’s in Cullen mode ) Robert Pattinson who will then , if all goes according to plan , give Megan her first kiss .
Megan ’s “ crazy idea ” is n’t all that “ crazy ” when you think about all the celebrities who ’ve helped bring attention to certain causes ; however , when you factor in the courage she ’s mustered to face full on both her struggles with depression and the attention she ’s receiving , you have to admit the girl ’s got guts .
I was fortunate enough to get an interview with Megan this weekend , and I hope you ’ll take some time to check out what she has to say about creating EmsCharityKiss , the reactions she ’s received ( both the good and the bad ) , and why she ’d love for Robert Pattinson to at least know about her campaign by August !
*~*
Alicia Sparks : During your first YouTube video , you admit that you ’ve spent much of your life trying to avoid attention .
Taking on mental health advocacy – and encouraging Robert Pattinson to give you your first kiss – kind of blows that out of the water , does n’t it ?
What brought on this seemingly 180 - degree turn in your attitude ?
Megan Jackson : I wish someone could tell me !
I guess a lot of it had to do with being frustrated about my situation .
I ’m turning 28 soon , and because of different circumstances , including my depression and low self esteem , I have n’t really moved ‘ ahead ’ in life .
I guess though that there is no one specific path for everyone , but by how we measure society ( family , career , independence etc ) I have n’t moved as far as my friends .
Sparks :
And on that note , Robert Pattinson – wow !
You certainly aimed for a pretty big star with this .
Is there any particular reason you choose Rob ( aside from the obvious swooningly deliciousness ) ?
Jackson : I know , right ?
Maybe I ’m a glutton for punishment !
I picked Robert Pattinson because I really like him – there ’s something kind of offbeat and mysterious about him .
I know you can only go by the small window that celebrities offer the public , but he seems like a fascinating person to talk to .
And I ’ve said before that he sometimes seems as uncomfortable with his life as I am with mine .
There ’s a melancholy about him I like .
Sparks :
Walk us through the process of getting EmsCharity Kiss underway .
What was your first step ?
What kinds of snags did you run into along the way ?
Who did you turn to for help ?
Jackson : After I had the initial idea I freely admit I had no idea what to do next !
Actually it ’s all been very much by instinct from the start .
I really did n’t want to make a video – talk about putting yourself out there – but I just sat down one afternoon and did it in one take without rehearsing or writing anything down .
So it was very honest and raw , and probably does n’t get the message across as clearly as it could lol !
My biggest snags ?
The negative reaction it ’s been getting from some people , but more so my own fears and apprehensions .
I find that my habit of negative thinking makes things horribly difficult – if someone calls what I ’m doing ‘ selfish ’ , I ’ll go away and start thinking ‘ They ’re right , you are selfish .
Everyone is going to think that .
You might as well stop now . ’ and it just snowballs from there .
I ’m lucky that I have lots of very supportive friends who know how I work and how my brain works and they try to snap me out of it and reassure me .
It ’s hard though , I ’m not going to lie .
I ’ve actually just had a bad couple of weeks with stuff at home and it affects how I ’m able to deal with this .
Sparks :
The world is robbed of many great ideas because people are too afraid of failure or negative reactions .
Putting oneself out there is a scary prospect , and I imagine putting oneself out there and involving as popular a celebrity as Pattinson is right now makes it even scarier .
As you were beginning EmsCharityKiss , did you ever fear there ’d be backlash to deal with ?
And , if so , what has kept you moving forward with the idea rather than giving it up ?
Jackson :
Oh I definitely thought there would be some backlash .
I guess the hardest part of dealing with it was the fact that I could n’t explain or portray my intentions in a way to make everyone understand .
I hated the thought that people were getting the wrong impression of me .
Some people were calling what I was doing ‘ exploitative ’ – that idea was abhorrent to me .
That was the first time I thought about not going ahead because the last thing I wanted was for people to believe I was taking advantage of my illness to satisfy some ‘ fangirl whim ’ .
I think there would be easier , less humiliating ways of doing that !
But the support from people at OneInFive , my friends and family and the response I ’ve got from people in a similar situation dealing with mental illness balances that out and reassures me .
I know in my heart what I ’m doing and why I ’m doing it , and as long as there are people that can see that it will help drive me forward .
Sparks : Speaking of reactions , what has been your experience thus far with the Twilight and Robert Pattinson fan communities ?
Jackson : Mostly good !
A few people are wary I think of getting involved in something they believe would draw a lot of attention to Robert Pattinson , because he ’s so overwhelmed to begin with .
But I ’m going to always deal with him with the utmost respect and I think people can see that .
I ’ve had some big sites agree to sponsor / support me , which has been really amazing .
Sparks :
And from the mental health community ?
Jackson : I have n’t really approached the wider mental health community yet , but OneIn Five are very supportive and continue to check in with me to see how I ’m progressing .
And I ’ve had some doctors who know me say they think it is a really positive thing for me to be doing .
And I ’ve had this interview with your blog 🙂
I guess , honestly , part of me is a little scared to reach out to the bigger mental health communities for fear that I really would n’t be able to cope with any criticism I was given .
That ’s me being very honest .
I know that I should , and I will .
It ’s just intimidating .
Sparks :
Tell us a bit about One In Five Australia , the nonprofit group you ’re helping raise donations for through EmsCharityKiss and Everyday Hero .
What made you choose that particular charity ?
Jackson : OneInFive is a very small nonprofit group based here in Australia .
It ’s basically a group of friends and family who started the group after the loss of a loved one to suicide in 2001 .
As they say on their website , this young man was “ son , brother , mate , fiancé , cousin , colleague , and is missed by all that knew him . ”
That really touched me and it illustrated how far reaching the impact of the disease can be .
The name of the group comes from the frightening statistic that now one in five Australians suffer some form of mental illness .
Their vision is for Australia to become ‘ None In Five ’ , and they seek to raise greater awareness of the issues of mental health , as well as raising funds for research into the prevention and treatment of the disease .
I picked them because they were so small – just a small band of friends and family who came together after a tragedy to change the mindset of the society he found it so hard to live in .
Sparks :
If you could change one thing about the mental health community in Australia , what would you change ?
Jackson : I think the mental health support community is constantly growing here in Australia , but I think there is still a stigma attached to mental illness .
I ’ve had people comment on my video that there is more or less ‘ no such thing ’ as depression and that people need to just ‘ get happy ’ .
That ’s a very outdated way of thinking , but sadly it is still out there .
Depression is one of those things that you ca n’t really explain unless you are affected by it , whether it is yourself or someone you care about it .
More support groups via social networking sites would be a good idea .
Lots of the comments I ’ve received start out ‘ I feel the same but have no one to talk to about it ’ – so there needs to be more avenues for people to open up and share what they ’re going through .
Sparks :
If you could ensure that EmsCharity Kiss accomplishes just one thing , what would it be ?
Jackson :
That is does raise awareness for the cause , and that it helps OneInFive .
It ’s helping me everyday already , in different ways .
Sparks :
Your birthday is coming up in August .
How fantastic would it be if Robert Pattinson granted your wish and delivered your first kiss on your birthday ?
Jackson :
It would be amazing but I do n’t know how likely it would be !
I ’d be happy if he ’s at least heard of it by then !
Sparks :
You are an amazing woman , Megan Jackson .
Not only have you taken on a worthy cause , but , in doing so , you ’ve also been refreshingly straightforward and honest about your own experiences with depression .
As much as it pains me to encourage Robert Pattinson to kiss another woman , I sincerely hope you get your wish – I ca n’t think of a more worthy individual .
Jackson :
Thank you so much Alicia , and thank you for giving me the opportunity to explain more about EmsCharity Kiss on your wonderful blog !
*~*
Learn more when you visit EmsCharityKiss online , as well as Megan ’s YouTube channel and her Everyday Hero account .
To date , she ’s raised $ 625 AU !
At OSCON in 2006 , I followed sessions that discussed how open source companies would fare when big corporations come in .
Back then there were only a handful of examples of big companies purchasing small open source companies .
Three years later , we ’ve witnessed MySQL AB get swallowed by Sun , only to have Sun be swallowed by Oracle .
Now there are more open questions than ever and at least three versions of MySQL that are jockeying to continue the MySQL blood - line .
Yesterday I attended talks by two of these groups and I have to wonder how the MySQL game will play itself out over time .
The first talk I attended was : “ Drizzle : Status , Principles , and Ecosystem ” where a number of Drizzle developers shared their thoughts about this project .
Brian
Aker forked MySQL to create Drizzle a year ago with the premise to create a new database that was leaner and more extensible by using a micro kernel and plugin model .
The existing MySQL codebase had grown overly complicated after a number of features were “ hacked in ” which made adding more features overly difficult .
The drizzle team , which has several developers sponsored by Sun , seems very much concerned about the technical nature of their project .
As in most open source projects the developers seem less concerned with politics and companies and more with creating a kick - ass database .
I tried to ask a few questions to see where they think that MySQL , Drizzle and MariaDB were headed , but largely the questions were not answered — they reiterated the focus on technical excellence .
Aside from having serious corporate support , Drizzle appears to be driven by classic open source principles .
This makes me happy , because the future of both MySQL and Drizzle are unclear since Oracle just purchased Sun .
Given the focus on open source principles , I ’m certain the Drizzle would not go away should Oracle decide to stop supporting the team .
The second session was : “ MariaDB : Community Driven SQL Server ” which presented Monty ’s ( of MySQL AB fame ) new company Monty Program AB .
Unlike the Drizzle group , Monty ’s new company has clear corporate goals , complete with fluff and marketing speak .
The new company ’s fork of MySQL , MariaDB , aims to be 100 % compatible with the original MySQL .
Its designed to be 100 % drop in replacement that goes even as far as letting people who are certified on MySQL apply their skills to MariaDB .
Even though Monty Program AB differs in a few aspects from the original MySQL AB , it really seems to follow a fairly similar model .
The people working on the original MySQL were not too well represented here at OSCON .
Unlike Drizzle and MariaDB , MySQL is shrouded in uncertainty since no one know what Oracle plans to do with MySQL .
Given that it MySQL can cannibalize ( and probably already has ) Oracle ’s flagship product , the future of MySQL is very uncertain .
The mindshare at OSCON clearly belongs to MariaDB and to Drizzle .
Returning back to my original point now , we can see that the acquisition of MySQL AB by Sun has n’t worked out at all how everyone had hoped .
Many of the fears raised by my blog post from 3 years ago have manifested in this mess .
After MySQL became a Sun property , the quality of MySQL started to suffer , including releasing a version of MySQL that had serious known bugs .
This had never happened before and sent a clear signal that not all was well with MySQL .
And the community had a lot of frustrations with Sun as Sun slowed or stopped accepting patches .
Even important companies like Google had serious patches to MySQL ignored .
Clearly the process had broken down .
Today we find ourselves with at least three versions of MySQL that all have differing goals , yet promise to share code with one another .
Some will be compatible with each other , some break new ground .
The one thing we know for certain that nothing in this game is certain .
Until Oracle makes a statement about the future of MySQL nothing will be clear .
I find it really interesting that both Drizzle and MariaDB have returned MySQL to fundamental open source roots .
Neither group is going to require fancy licenses or copyright agreements and will solely rely on using the GPL .
Drizzle is devoid of a commercial model for the time being and even Monty Program AB will look like a more “ classic ” open source company .
Amidst this uncertainty the only thing that is clear to me is that the MariaDB and the Drizzle communities are not waiting for anything — they are working on new improving their projects as fast as they can .
I personally think that Drizzle presents the most interesting approach to saving MySQL — it sounds like the codebase needed a serious overhaul in order to break some development bottlenecks and to allow more people to come and participate in the development process .
Even though I ’ve switched to Postgres many moons ago , I ’m utterly fascinated by what is currently happening with MySQL .
The current events in this space are things that we discussed three years ago with the conclusion of “ This will be interesting to watch ! ”
Indeed , it ’s interesting to watch — I think we ’ll be talking about this situation for quite some time to come .
Oh , and MySQL users : Worry not — you ’re going to be the winners in this whole debacle !
[ reddit - me ] Hello , IE6 .
Whaaaat ’s happening ?
We have sort of a problem here .
Yeeeah .
You apparently stopped rendering webpages correctly in 2001 .
Mmm yeah .
Ya see we ’re rendering valid html correctly from now on … did you SEE the memo ?
If you could just do that from now on that would be great .
And I ’ll make sure you get another copy of that memo .
Mr El Baradei will step down at the end of 2009
The IAEA chief has reacted sharply to an Israeli accusation of bias in his attitude toward Syria , in a rare public controversy at the nuclear watchdog .
The body has been examining the case of an alleged Syrian nuclear arms facility that Israeli jets bombed in 2007 .
Israel 's envoy told an IAEA debate on the subject in Vienna that Mohamed ElBaradei must " avoid political bias " .
Mr ElBaradei , an Egyptian , accused Israel of breaking international law and said " stop preaching to us " .
Mr ElBaradei said Israel 's attack on the facility had hampered his attempts to unearth the truth about the site .
Details of IAEA meetings rarely reach the public domain and open criticism of the head of a UN body such as Mr ElBaradei is almost unheard - of , correspondents say .
You , sir , your action is deplored by not allowing us to do what we 're supposed to do ...
We would appreciate it if you stopped preaching to us
Mohamed ElBarabei , IAEA chief Syria became subject to IAEA investigation in 2007 after Israel jets destroyed what the US said was a nearly finished nuclear reactor , built with North Korean help , that could produce plutonium , a substance used in nuclear warheads .
Syria denies the accusations , but after allowing International Atomic Energy Agency inspectors in 2008 , it repeatedly blocked requests for further access .
During the first visit , the IAEA investigators found uranium traces at the site .
Syria said it was a result of Israeli weaponry used in the air strike .
Public lashing Tension boiled over at the meeting when Israel 's envoy , Ambassador Israel Michaeli , accused Mr ElBaradei of making repeated , " redundant " demands for more information .
" Israel has responded timely and in good faith to the question addressed to it regarding the possible origin on the uranium particles , traced in the site of the nuclear reactor in Deir al - Zour , " Mr Michaeli said .
" Had the director - general wished for further information from Israel , he would have not refused to meet with Israeli officials , and refrained from publicly lashing at Israel .
" Israel calls on the director general to avoid political bias in dealing with the Syrian file , " Mr Michaeli concluded in a transcript made available to the media .
Mr ElBaradei was quick to respond saying : " When Israel bombed what was claimed to be a nuclear facility , it was not only hampering our work , but it was a clear violation of international law .
" You , sir , your action is deplored by not allowing us to do what we 're supposed to do under international law .
You 're not even a member of the ( NPT ) regime to tell us what to do .
We would appreciate it if you stopped preaching to us . "
He added that given what he characterised as Israel 's scant regard for the work of the IAEA , " I 'll not dignify ( the charge ) that we 're biased " .
Separately , he did also admonish Syria for blocking access to the site and withholding documentation .
The US deputy chief of mission also waded into the heated discussion at the IAEA headquarters in Vienna , accusing Syria of being obstructive .
" Regrettably , Syria has not used this time to resolve the lingering questions about the reactor and the associated facilities ...
Instead , the agency 's list of questions is growing , " said Geoffrey Pyatt .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Though Claudius had great success in his public life , his private life was a different story .
Each of his marriages ended in either divorce or execution .
62 - Take My Wife ... Please
The right wingers have been so pumped up over the ratings FOX News has been getting ever since President Obama took office .
It 's as if America immediately became winguts in their minds , but the numbers do n't bear that out .
Let 's forget the primaries and speeches during the campaign season , when CNN and MSNBC completely trounced FOX .
All we have to do is look at the huge ratings Michael Jackson 's memorial garnered .
Over 31 million Americans tuned in , so let 's take a look at the breakdowns :
Nielsen did not break out averages for the broadcast networks , but CNN was top dog among cablers , averaging 5.3 million viewers -- more than Fox News ( 2.23 million ) , MSNBC ( 1.39 m ) and HLN ( 377,000 ) combined .
Once again , CNN cleaned their clock on cable when a major television event has taken place .
( The MJM might not have been your cup of tea ) If Americans were so in love with FOX , then why did n't they dominate the MJ ratings ?
FOX had as much coverage as any other network .
Answer :
Because average working families are n't as into politics as heavily after a general election and when they do dial in , it 's not to FOX .
The wingnuts and teabaggers are tuning in to see the Becks of FOX in greater numbers than normal because it's a freak show / hate - fest , but it 's not representative of America .
They can shout as loud as they want about ratings , but the numbers do n't lie .
If you own a PS3 , there are plenty of fun looking games coming out .
For one , Bionic Commando will be coming out this week !
We will finally see how the swinging mechanics work out in the 3D world .
And thanks to the sale for Bionic Commando : Rearmed , everyone should have both games to enjoy everything that unlocks between the two games .
However , there still are n’t any new games for the PSP , and only a Rock Band expansion for PS2 .
You can check out the full list below .
PS3 –
PSP –
No New Releases
PS2 –
Last updated at 16:42 27 August 2007
An iron -lunged pensioner has celebrated her 100th birthday by lighting up her 170,000th cigerette from a candle on her birthday cake .
Winnie Langley started smoking only days after the First World War broke out in June 1914 when she was just seven - years - old - and has got through five a day ever since .
She has no intention of quitting , even after the nationwide ban forced tobacco - lovers outside .
Speaking at her 100th birthday party Winnie said : " I have smoked ever since infant school and I have never thought about quitting .
" There were not all the the health warnings like there are today when I started .
It was the done thing . "
Winnie , from Croydon , South London , claims tobacco has never made her ill .
She has outlived a husband , Robert , and son , Donald , who died two years ago aged 72 .
The former launderette worker said she started the habit in 1914 - just weeks after the assassination of Archduke Franz Ferdinand in Sarajevo on June 28 - which sparked the First World War .
The 100 - year - old , who is awaiting her telegram from the Queen today , said smoking helped calm her nerves during the two World Wars .
She said : " A lot of people smoked during the war .
It helped steady the nerves . "
Despite the numerous health warnings , Mrs Langley insists she 's never suffered because of the habit as she " has never inhaled " .
TEHRAN ( Reuters ) - Supporters of Iran ’s defeated presidential candidate Mirhossein Mousavi prepared to heed his rallying call for a national day of mourning on Thursday for those killed in post-election clashes .
( Editors ’ note : Reuters and other foreign media are subject to Iranian restrictions on their ability to report , film or take pictures in Tehran . )
State media said seven people were killed in an opposition protest in Tehran against what Mousavi says was a rigged election last week in favor of hardline incumbent President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad .
On his website , Mousavi called on Iranians to stage peaceful demonstrations or gather in mosques on Thursday .
“ In the course of the past days and as a consequence of illegal and violent encounters with ( people protesting ) against the outcome of the presidential election , a number of our countrymen were wounded or martyred , ” he said .
“ I ask the people to express their solidarity with the families ... by coming together in mosques or taking part in peaceful demonstrations . ”
Official results from Friday ’s vote showed Ahmadinejad had won a landslide , leading to daily clashes between Mousavi backers , anti-riot police and Islamic militiamen .
Authorities have dismissed opposition allegations of vote rigging .
Despite calls by Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei for national unity , Mousavi supporters have continued to pour on to the streets .
Bloodshed , mass protests , arrests and a media crackdown have focused attention on the world ’s fifth - biggest oil exporter which is locked in a dispute with the West over its nuclear program .
Slideshow ( 26 images )
On Wednesday , tens of thousands demonstrated in central Tehran for a fifth day against Ahmadinejad ’s official victory , which has caused the worst unrest since the 1979 Islamic revolution .
“ INTERVENTIONIST ” PROTESTS
Slideshow ( 26 images )
Reformist clerics have requested permission from the governor of Tehran to hold a rally in the city on Saturday , to be attended by Mousavi and reformist former President Mohammad Khatami , Mousavi ’s website said .
Iran ’s Foreign Ministry on Wednesday summoned the Swiss ambassador , who represents U.S. interests , to protest at “ interventionist ” U.S. statements on the country ’s election .
In Washington , the State Department strongly rejected the criticism and the White House said President Barack Obama would continue to defend the right of Iranians to protest peacefully against the outcome of the election .
Mousavi sent a letter to Iran ’s state national security council complaining of plainclothes agents using sticks , metal rods and sometimes firearms to “ attack the lines of peaceful participants before the arrival of the security forces . ”
He condemned arrests of his allies in the past few days .
Dozens of pro-reformers have been detained since Friday ’s election , including senior figures , sources say .
The ISNA news agency , quoting provincial officials , said 88 people had been arrested during post-election unrest in the conservative northeastern city of Mashhad and up to 60 people in Tabriz in the northwest .
Pro-Mousavi protests were also reported in the cities of Isfahan , Rasht , Orumiyeh , Zanjan and Zahedan .
“ We had a fantastic experience with SeedMoney .
Their website is aesthetically appealing , with an intuitive design .
Their crowdfunding model is simple and effective .
We easily reached our fundraising goal and strengthened our ties with our members and our community in the process .
John F. Attleboro Area Community Garden , Attleboro , MA
“ SeedMoney is a terrific organization .
They have a very easy to use website and user portal , and have just terrific support .
We really enjoyed working with them and will participate next year .
Any organization that is considering raising funds for a garden project should check them out !
Kate B. Sunset Garden Project , Portland , OR
“ We are a very small organization that has struggled mightily with fundraising .
In the past we have hosted events that take a LOT of resources in terms of volunteer time to plan , promote and execute .
Our SeedMoney campaign was the least resource intensive fundraiser we have ever conducted - and brought in MORE MONEY than any event we have ever put on .
Ann B. Mamie D Lee Community Garden , Washington , DC
“ SeedMoney is a remarkable initiative and is run most professionally indeed !
Throughout the campaign , ideas and information are forth - coming .
The campaign has made it possible to streamline our demonstration garden and we applaud them for making access to crowdfunding so seamless .
Michele S. Waaipoort Farm Demonstration Garden , South Africa
Use the tool below to enter the link to the file you wish to convert , then follow the steps to quickly and easily convert it to another format .
Enter URL to convert , or upload files .
e.g .
http://48ers.com/magnacarta.pdf
Choose the format to convert your file to : Convert files to : .pdf .csv .doc .docx .xsl .xslx Convert and agree to Our Terms Email when done ?
Uploading
Trivia
According to Michael F. Brown , professor of anthropology at Williams College , Werner Herzog was on initially good terms with the Aguaruna people .
Some were hired as construction workers and extras .
Relations deteriorated when Herzog began to build a village on tribal land , failed to consult the tribal council , and tried to obtain protection from a local militia .
The Aguaruna are the most politically unified indigenous group in the Amazon , with a strong , often militant tribal council that has reacted quickly to outsiders who tried to take without giving back in return , or even asking first .
Some members of the council were jailed .
The film crew almost drowned a German aid - worker who had been helping the Aguaruna plant rice .
In December 1979 , Aguaruna men burned down the film set and bundled the crew and equipment into three canoes .
It took Herzog 13 months to find a new location for the jungle camp .
Filming began January 1981 and lasted until November .
See more
Science and Lab Equipment
For Scooter Enthusiasts
Enjoy professional help from lab report writing service with a team of experts .
Pimp My Paper - get your essay assignment done by experts .
Thesis helpers for all the students who struggle with their thesis .
Visit Paper Written to get high - quality paper help .
CustomWritings.com - research paper service for international students who need writing research assistance .
paster.vim : paster.vim - A configurable Vim plugin for posting text to a public pastebin
script karma Rating 80 / 26 , Downloaded by 1489 Comments , bugs , improvements Vim wiki created by Eugene Ciurana script type utility description Paste text from the current document onto a public pastebin or board .
This
implementation is written in vim to reduce external dependencies to Python or
Perl .
The only external dependency is cURL ( e.g. /usr / bin/ curl in UNIX - like
systems ) as an HTTP posting tool .
This posting tool , and all its command line
parameters are configurable by the user .
Features :
* Pastes to any pastebin with a public API
* The end - user 's nick is configurable per use , or via .vimrc
* Sends syntax highlighting information if the target supports it
* Uses standard vim range commands for its use
* Copies the URL where the text was pasted to the system clipboard and the
status line
* Opens a web browser at the page where the paste was posted ( v1.2 )
Usage
Install paster.vim to the appropriate default vim scripts directory for your
configuration , normally $ HOME/.vim/ plugin
Once installed , the Paste[ bin ] command may be invoked in any of these patterns :
- :. Paste -- paste the current line
- :%Paste -- paste the entire document
- :42,69 Paste -- paste lines 42 through 69 , inclusive
The Paste command will work with selections made in visual mode as well .
Paste will prompt for a value if the user has n't defined a / nick or ID prior
to the command 's first invocation .
Upon successful completion , Paste will display the URL to the paste .
Paste will also copy it to the window manager 's clipboard under
MacVim and gvim .
Project page : http://github.com/pr3d4t0r/paster
install details UNIX - like systems :
cd ~/.vim
unzip / path/to/paster.zip
vi
: helptags ~/.vim/doc
Windows systems :
Unpack the .zip file and copy the files to your
gvim or vim configuration directory , then :
vi
: helptags C:/ path/to/doc
rate this script Life Changing Helpful Unfulfilling script versions ( upload new version ) Click on the package to download .
package script version date Vim version user release notes paster_vim - 1_2.zip 1.2 2009-10-11 7.0 Eugene Ciurana Option to open a web browser after the paste is posted to the pastebin site .
See the paster - config.vim file for details .
Set the g:PASTER_BROWSER_COMMAND
variable in .vimrc with the command for opening the browser .
Michael Jansen provided a pastey bug fix and ideas for creating the browser interface .
paster.zip 1.1 2009-04-25 7.0 Eugene Ciurana Will Gray provided the configuration for using pastey .
net with paster.vim
Separated the configuration portion from the main script in paster - config.vim
There are no operational changes .
The installation and usage instructions are unchanged .
ip used for rating : 176.9.113.70
Related Letter Read the handwritten letter from Sen. John Ensign to Cynthia Hampton
Doug Hampton spoke publicly for the first time today about the affair his wife had with Sen.
John Ensign , saying the Nevada Republican continued his pursuit even after intermediaries tried to get him to stop .
Hampton said that Sen. Tom Coburn , R - Okla. , and others urged him to end the affair and help the Hamptons pay off their home and move to Colorado .
But Ensign was so infatuated that he continued , Hampton said .
John Hart , Coburn 's communications director , released a statement Wednesday afternoon saying Ensign should have ended the affair .
" Dr. Coburn did everything he could to encourage Senator Ensign to end his affair and to persuade Senator Ensign to repair the damage he had caused to his own marriage and the Hampton ’s marriage , " according to the statement .
" Had Senator Ensign followed Dr. Coburn ’s advice , this episode would have ended , and been made public , long ago . "
Hampton ’s comments came during an exclusive two - part interview with Sun columnist Jon Ralston , to air tonight at 5:30 p.m. and tomorrow on “ Face to Face with Jon Ralston . ”
“ In response to today ’s television interview , Senator Ensign said Doug Hampton was consistently inaccurate in his statements , ” Ensign spokesman Tory Mazzola said in a statement .
Cynthia Hampton was the treasurer of Ensign ’s political action committee and re-election campaign , while Doug Hampton served as a senior aide on Ensign ’s Senate staff .
Hampton said Ensign paid the woman more than $ 25,000 in severance when she stopped working for the senator .
If true , Ensign faces a possible felony violation of campaign finance law if he paid the severance but failed to report it as an in - kind contribution to the campaign committees where she worked , according to ethics complaints filed against him .
Knowingly and willfully failing to report a contribution of more than $ 25,000 is a criminal violation subject to five years in prison , according to complaints filed last month by Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington .
Campaign reports show no such in - kind payment from Ensign to either his personal campaign committee or his Battle Born leadership Political Action Committee , according CREW , which filed complaints June 24 with the Federal Elections Commission and the Senate Ethics Committee .
The severance was just one of several new revelations that arose from part one of the two - part interview with Ralston .
Hampton said the affair began while his family was staying at the Ensign home .
Hampton said his family ’s house was broken into just before Christmas 2007 , at which time the Ensigns invited the Hamptons to stay with them in a nearby Summerlin neighborhood .
The families each have three children and their friendship goes back decades .
Hampton discovered the affair when he saw an incriminating text message , he said .
The families confronted the issue in full on Christmas Eve .
Still , Hampton told Ralston , Ensign continued to pursue Cynthia Hampton with text messages and phone calls .
Hampton seemed to suggest his wife Cynthia was powerless to prevent the continuing affair .
Hampton and Ensign were bonded by their conservative evangelical faith .
Hampton said he reached out to intermediaries involved in a Christian fellowship home in Washington , D.C. , where Ensign and several other powerful Washington figures live .
The group , including Coburn , a well - known conservative , confronted Ensign and suggested that the Hamptons needed to be given financial assistance -- in the millions of dollars -- to pay off their $ 1 million - plus mortgage and move them to a new life away from Ensign .
During the confrontation , Ensign agreed to write a letter to Cynthia Hampton expressing remorse , Hampton said .
The letter , which was authenticated by Ralston ’s executive producer Dana Gentry , is filled with contrition : “ I was completely self - centered and only thinking of myself .
I used you for my own pleasure not letting thoughts of you , Doug , Brandon , Blake or Brittany come into my mind , ” he wrote , referring to the Hampton children .
But after sending the letter , which bears the date “ Feb. 2008 , ” Hampton said Ensign quickly disavowed it in a conversation with Cynthia Hampton and continued to pursue her .
Hampton said that on that same February weekend , Ensign told him , “ I ’m in love with your wife . ”
Some time later , according to Hampton , Ensign ’s wife Darlene Ensign reached out to top Ensign political aide Mike Slanker , asking him to set up Hampton with political and lobbying work .
Hampton said he tried but failed to extricate himself from the situation .
“ John is so focused , hyper - focused on what he wants …. that he ’s not seeing the collateral damage that ’s going on in people ’s lives , ” he said .
With respect to the possibly illegal $ 25,000 severance , Melanie Sloan of the ethics watch dog group CREW , said , “ This is exactly what we alleged .
The FEC will certainly be asking questions . ”
Ensign could argue that the payment was a gift , not a severance , which would make it not subject to campaign finance laws .
Or Ensign could have split the payment into two parts , say $ 12,500 to each committee , Sloan said , which would lower the penalty for failure to report to a misdemeanor .
Sun reporter Lisa Mascaro contributed to this report .
" I am sorry and did not want to hurt her .
I still love Haylie and would have stopped doing porn if she had asked me to . "
Canadiens owners through the years December 4 , 1909
During a meeting of the National Hockey Association ( NHA ) , held in Room 129 of the Windsor Hotel , the Canadiens are founded by J. Ambrose O'Brien , a sportsman from Ottawa , with financial support from another magnate of the time , T.C. Hare .
The latter providing the $ 1,000 required for the formation of a team as well as the $ 5,000 to guarantee the players ' salaries .
Mr. O'Brien delegates the task of forming and managing this new , largely francophone team , to
November 12 , 1910
The NHA grants the Canadiens franchise to George Kendall - Kenndy and the club officially becomes Club Athlétique Canadien , a name it retains until 1917 .
November 3 , 1921
Upon the death of her husband , Mrs. Kennedy sells Club de Hockey Canadien to Léo Dandurand , Jos. Cattarinich and Louis A. Létourneau for the sum of $ 11,500 .
September 17 , 1935
Jos. Cattarinich and Léo Dandurand , sole owners of the Canadiens since the departure of Louis A. Létourneau in 1931 , sell the club to the Canadian Arena Company for $ 165,000 .
The latter , property of Senator Donat Raymond , already owns the Montreal Maroons .
A syndicate is appointed composed of Ernest Savard , president , as well as Maurice Forget and Louis Gélinas as principle directors to manage the Canadiens .
May 1940
The Canadian Arena Company and its president , Senator Donat Raymond , as well as its vice - president , William Northey , take over the management of the
September 24 , 1957
Senator Hartland de M. Molson and his brother , Thomas H.P. Molson , purchase Club de Hockey Canadien and the Canadian Arena Company .
May 15 , 1964
Senator Hartland de M. Molson and his brother Thomas H.P. Molson sell Club de Hockey Canadien and the Canadian Arena Company to their cousins , J. David , William A. and Peter B. Molson for approximately $ 5 million .
December 30 , 1971
Brothers J. David , William A. and Peter B. Molson sell the Canadian Arena Company and Club de Hockey Canadien to Placements Rondelle Ltée for approximately $ 15 million .
The consortium , whose main shareholders are brothers Peter and Edward Bronfman , will later become Carena Bancorp .
August 4 , 1978
Molson Breweries of Canada Ltd. , under the terms of an agreement with Carena Bancorp , acquire Club de Hockey Canadien and sign a long - term lease on the Forum covering the operation of the team as well as the entertainment division .
January 31 , 2001
Molson Inc. announces the acquistion of 80,1 % of the Club de hockey Canadien and 100 % of the Molson Centre to businessman George N. Gillett Jr. The deal is valued at $ 275 million .
Molson Inc. retains 19,9 % stake in the hockey team .
The transaction is approved by the NHL board of Governors on June 19 , 2001 .
Source : ourhistory.canadiens.com
During a meeting of the National Hockey Association ( NHA ) , held in Room 129 of the Windsor Hotel , the Canadiens are founded by J. Ambrose O'Brien , a sportsman from Ottawa , with financial support from another magnate of the time , T.C. Hare .
The latter providing the $ 1,000 required for the formation of a team as well as the $ 5,000 to guarantee the players ' salaries .
Mr. O'Brien delegates the task of forming and managing this new , largely francophone team , to Jack Laviolette
The NHA grants the Canadiens franchise to George Kendall - Kenndy and the club officially becomes Club Athlétique Canadien , a name it retains until 1917 .
Upon the death of her husband , Mrs. Kennedy sells Club de Hockey Canadien to Léo Dandurand , Jos. Cattarinich and Louis A. Létourneau for the sum of $ 11,500 .
Jos .
Cattarinich and Léo Dandurand , sole owners of the Canadiens since the departure of Louis A. Létourneau in 1931 , sell the club to the Canadian Arena Company for $ 165,000 .
The latter , property of Senator Donat Raymond , already owns the Montreal Maroons .
A syndicate is appointed composed of Ernest Savard , president , as well as Maurice Forget and Louis Gélinas as principle directors to manage the Canadiens .
The Canadian Arena Company and its president , Senator Donat Raymond , as well as its vice - president , William Northey , take over the management of the Montreal Canadiens .
Two years earlier , the Maroons had ceased operations .
Senator Hartland de M. Molson and his brother , Thomas H.P. Molson , purchase Club de Hockey Canadien and the Canadian Arena Company .
Senator Hartland de M. Molson and his brother Thomas H.P. Molson sell Club de Hockey Canadien and the Canadian Arena Company to their cousins , J. David , William A. and Peter B. Molson for approximately $ 5 million .
Brothers J. David , William A. and Peter B. Molson sell the Canadian Arena Company and Club de Hockey Canadien to Placements Rondelle Ltée for approximately $ 15 million .
The consortium , whose main shareholders are brothers Peter and Edward Bronfman , will later become Carena Bancorp .
Molson Breweries of Canada Ltd. , under the terms of an agreement with Carena Bancorp , acquire Club de Hockey Canadien and sign a long - term lease on the Forum covering the operation of the team as well as the entertainment division .
Molson Inc. announces the acquistion of 80,1 % of the Club de hockey Canadien and 100 % of the Molson Centre to businessman George N. Gillett Jr. The deal is valued at $ 275 million .
Molson Inc. retains 19,9 % stake in the hockey team .
The transaction is approved by the NHL board of Governors on June 19 , 2001 .
George N. Gillett Jr and Geoff Molson announced today that they have reached an agreement in principle for the sale of the Gillett family 's interests in the Montreal Canadiens Hockey Club , the Bell Centre and Gillett Entertainment Group .
They will hold a news conference as soon as the agreement is finalized .
Mr. Gillett was very appreciative of the extraordinary interest shown by a number of parties in the Montreal Canadiens , and acknowledged the fine work accomplished by the organization 's management over the past eight years .
Congratulating and thanking Mr. Molson for the winning bid , Mr. Gillett said that he was pleased to return the ownership of the Canadiens to the Molson family , a family that has been associated with the Club for over three generations and committed to the Montreal community for seven generations over a 223 year period .
" Our family has been very proud to be associated with the Montreal Canadiens over the past eight years and particularly to be a part of their Centennial Season .
I am fully confident that the Molson brothers , who have been a great part of the heritage of the Club , will ensure the preservation and development of this great sports institution , " said Mr. Gillett .
Geoff Molson said he was very happy with Mr. Gillett 's decision to accept his group 's proposal and that he hoped the Board of Governors of the National Hockey League would look favourably on the transaction .
Mr. Molson said he is conscious that the Montreal Canadiens Hockey Club is a heritage asset for the Montreal community and that with his brothers Andrew and Justin he would endeavour to maintain the tradition of the prestigious club while working with management to build a strong team on the ice and aim to bring back the Stanley Cup to Montreal .
" This is a very exciting time for our family and we are grateful to the many people andorganizations who came forward to offer their collaboration in the development of our proposal , " said Mr. Molson .
The price and other modalities of the agreement in principle were not disclosed .
The next steps include finalizing the agreement and approval by the Board of Governors of the National Hockey League before the closing of the transaction which is expected in late August .
" I think to the extent that they 've been able to find people who are obviously passionate about the game and structure a transaction that makes sense for everybody , that 's a real plus for the franchise and the fans in Montreal , " NHL commissioner Gary Bettman said in Las Vegas .
By Stephen Leahy
UXBRIDGE , Canada , Jun 5 ( IPS )
The world has turned a green corner toward a more sustainable future , with investments in clean energy outpacing fossil fuel power generation for the first time .
Despite the global economic crisis , a record 155 billion dollars was invested in clean energy companies and projects worldwide last year , mainly in wind and solar , according to a new report from the U.N. Environment Programme ( UNEP ) .
More remarkably , that investment in clean energy topped 2007 ’s record investments by five percent , in large part as a result of investments by China , Brazil and other emerging economies .
Achim Steiner , UNEP ’s executive director , says that “ 2008 was the first year where there was more investment in non-carbon energy sources than in high carbon and nuclear energy . ”
“ That ’s hugely significant , ” Steiner told IPS in an interview .
UNEP has been calling for a “ Global Green New Deal ” to jump - start the global economy and use the various economic stimulus packages to make investments in clean technologies and ‘ natural ’ infrastructure such as forests and soils .
Experts argue that this is the best bet for real growth , combating climate change and sparking an employment boom in the 21st century .
“ There are literally millions of new jobs that could be created in the next few years , ” Steiner said .
Renewable energy like wind , solar , biomass and geo - thermal can be rapidly scaled up since the technologies are well - developed and costs have dropped dramatically .
For example , the Chinese firm Suntech Power has gone from being a startup to the world ’s largest solar panel manufacturer in just eight years , Steiner said .
In the same period , China has gone from having practically no wind energy to becoming the world ’s largest generator of wind energy .
“ Renewable energy has now reached a tipping point where it is as important – if not more important – in the global energy mix than fossil fuels , ” he said .
The 2008 investment is more than a four - fold increase since 2004 , according to Global Trends in Sustainable Energy Investment 2009 , prepared for UNEP ’s Sustainable Energy Finance Initiative by global information provider New Energy Finance .
For complete article see Twilight of the Fossil Fuel Era ?
'' Even after all of this fuss , I 'd do it again , '' said Orley de Santana , a 26 - year - old laborer , who went to South Africa but was unable to sell his kidney for $ 6,000 before the police broke up the ring .
'' In order not to have to steal or kill , I thought it better to sell my kidney . ''
Among the men who did give up a kidney , some say they have experienced health problems that no one warned them about .
'' For me , the complications began almost immediately , '' said José Carlos da Conceicao da Silva , 24 , a day laborer who hauls produce .
He said he required a second operation in South Africa on a lung three days after his kidney was removed .
Since returning to Brazil his health has worsened , he said .
'' I 'm tired all the time and can't lift heavy weights , which I have to be able to do if people are going to hire me , '' he said .
'' My blood pressure goes up and down , and I feel pain and numbness where the scar from the operation is . ''
Worse still , after his flight back to Brazil , Mr. da Silva , who is not related to Alberty da Silva , said he was robbed of nearly all of the $ 6,000 he was paid for his kidney when he went to São Paulo during a layover on his flight home .
'' I begged and pleaded for them not to take the money , telling them that I had sold my kidney abroad and showing them the scar , '' he recalled , near tears .
Another donor , Rogerio Bezerra da Silva , not related to the others , also lost his kidney and his cash , which South African authorities confiscated after the ring was exposed late last year , and is now the object of mockery in his slum neighborhood .
On occasion , Alberty da Silva says , he shows pictures of his trip to South Africa to the neighborhood children .
During the interview , he showed them to a reporter , too , including some of him in Durban with the woman who received his kidney .
He also displayed a letter she later wrote , thanking him for '' the gift of life . ''
Wherever Wayman Tisdale went , whatever he was doing , chances were he was smiling .
Tisdale was a three - time All - American at Oklahoma in the mid-1980s before playing a dozen years in the NBA and later becoming an accomplished jazz musician .
But those who knew Tisdale , who died Friday at a hospital in his hometown of Tulsa , Okla . , recalled not only his professional gifts but a perpetually sunny outlook , even in the face of a two - year battle with cancer that took his life at 44 .
" I do n't know of any athlete at Oklahoma or any place else who was more loved by the fans who knew him than Wayman Tisdale , " said Billy Tubbs , who coached Tisdale with the Sooners .
" He was obviously , a great , great player , but Wayman as a person overshadowed that .
He just lit up a room and was so positive . "
Jeff Capel , the current Oklahoma coach , noted Tisdale 's " incredible gift of making the people who came in contact with him feel incredibly special . "
After three years at Oklahoma , Tisdale played in the NBA with the Indiana Pacers , Sacramento Kings and Phoenix Suns .
The 6 - foot - 9 forward , with a soft left - handed touch on the court , averaged 15.3 points for his career .
He was on the U.S. team that won the gold medal in the 1984 Olympics .
Gov. Brad Henry attended Oklahoma at the same time Tisdale did and later appointed him to the state 's Tourism Commission .
" Oklahoma has lost one of its most beloved sons , " Henry said .
" Wayman Tisdale was a hero both on and off the basketball court .
...
Even in the most challenging of times , he had a smile for people , and he had the rare ability to make everyone around him smile .
He was one of the most inspirational people I have ever known . "
State senators paused and prayed Friday morning after learning of his death .
I recently heard about this legend of a conversation between an old Cherokee Indian and his grandson .
The message is great but the storytelling is even better .
One evening , an old Cherokee told his grandson about a battle that goes on inside people .
He said , “ My son , the battle is between two ‘ wolves ’ inside us all .
One is Evil –
It is anger , envy , jealousy , greed , and arrogance .
The other is Good –
It is peace , love , hope , humility , compassion , and faith . ” The grandson thought about this for a while and then asked his grandfather , “ Which wolf wins ? ”
To which the old Cherokee simply replied , “ The one you feed . ”
I think that we all have a tendency to feed both wolves , but we always feed one more than the other .
It ’s usually the wolf that we feed the most that tends to determine the quality of our life .
If you start to pay attention , you ’ll also notice that while you may not feed the evil wolf a sizzling steak , you might be throwing it some scraps .
Here are some examples of some emotions applicable to this story :
Anger : Somebody cuts you off in traffic and you start yelling profanities .
Envy :
Your friend or colleague is slightly or greatly ahead of you in his or her career .
Jealousy : Someone has acquired a new car , girlfriend , or some other possession you think will bring you happiness .
Greed :
You might have tons of money , but you still do n’t see abundance in your life .
Arrogance :
You start to see yourself above other people because of your station in life ( ivy league degrees , large bank accounts , etc. ) .
You also have an ability to feed the other wolf .
When you can learn to make feeding this wolf your dominant tendency it can dramatically improve your quality of life :
Peace : Peace seems to be at the root of almost every personal development resource I ’ve come across .
Love : Ziggy Marley sang “ Love is my Religion ” , a message that tells us to treat the world around us with unconditional love .
Hope :
Hope is what keeps us going and keeps us motivated to be our best .
Compassion : Compassion opens up the doors to the hearts and mind of the world around you .
Faith :
If you feed all of the characteristics of the wolf above with complete faith , you overcome the battle inside of you .
I admit , I love this kind of stuff .
This idea of the inclinations you feed being a conscious choice is pretty realistic .
It also makes complete sense that the more one works on a habit the easier it becomes .
[ If you were to stop eating fried food , each week that passes you would crave it less and less . ]
But I also do n’t think the idea above is to live exclusively within this “ Good ” sphere of life .
It is a constant battle and I ’m not sure how much quality of life there is without stumbling and letting ourselves be human .
There is richness when we ’re not perfect and not everything is reconciled .
I like to mix it up sometimes and not always try to reconcile some behaviors that may be contradictory .
To me , enjoying life entails a non -linear but continuous journey to get more out of life .
The main takeaway for me with this legend is the more we manage negative tendencies , the more enjoyable life becomes overall .
What ’s your personal perspective on this story ?
Written on 7/24/2009 by Srinivas Rao. Srinivas is a volunteer for the Quality of Life Project .
The website shares best practices on getting the most out of life from well known types like Richard Branson and Tom Skerritt to lesser known but equally interesting individuals .
Srinivas also writes at www.theskooloflife.com.
Photo Credit : Laenulfean
Heisenberg was pulled over by a police officer , who asked him , “ do you know how fast you were going ? ”
Heisenberg replied , “ No , but I know exactly where I am . ”
The cop sneered and pulled out his nightstick .
“ You little smartass , ” he said , and laid into Heisenberg pitilessly with the stick .
“ How long will this beating last ? ” cried the forlorn Heisenberg .
“ I do n’t know , ” said the cop , “ but I know exactly how much energy I ’m expending . ”
Share this :
Share
Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Email
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Fifteen years ago today , former football star O.J. Simpson fled his home with friend Al Cowlings in a white Ford Bronco , beginning the most famous police chase in history .
Two years later , the Ford Bronco was dead .
Coincidence ?
No .
Advertisement
The day before the great chase , Ford had one of the oldest names in sport - utility vehicles just as the form factor was coming into its own .
What changed ?
How was O.J. Simpson able to kill an entire legacy ?
The main factor was probably that the whole event occurred during prime - time .
Every news network went up with national coverage .
People crowded overpasses and streets to wave at O.J. as he passed .
They interrupted an important and exciting Game 5 of the NBA Finals between the Houston Rockets and New York Knicks .
Network news magazines set all - time ratings highs that week .
A fleet of black - and - white CHP cars pursued O.J. and Al slowly as they made their way towards Simpson 's house .
All the while he carried a gun in the backseat while commentators assumed he was going to kill himself .
It was a start of a media obsession that would last for years .
Almost instantly the white Ford Bronco became the butt of numerous jokes .
Late - night comedians made references to the " O.J. Edition Bronco " with its own knife storage and blood - proof floors .
Advertisement
The day after the chase , the Ford Bronco was the most infamous nameplate since the Corvair and Pinto .
Less than two years later Ford would discontinue the Bronco and replace it with another F - series based SUV called the Ford Expedition .
If only they 'd taken O.J. 's car ...
Photo Credit : Allen J. Schaben / Los Angeles Times
I ndia is willing to discuss proposals to replace the US dollar as the global reserve currency , Foreign Secretary Shivshankar Menon said on Monday .
Traditionally quiet on the subject of reserve currency , India 's position generated interest after a key policy adviser last week said the country 's currency basket could be diversified .
Running a general store was hard work , but at least it did n't require freezing your extremities in a rushing creek fed by frigid snow melt .
Chipping away rocks in a dark damp tunnel was also fatiguing and dangerous work where a man could get crushed by a cave - in or blown up by dynamite .
All things considered , shop - keeping was a relatively easy and smart way to make a living and stay alive .
Honest and reasonable merchants could make a good living by providing necessities .
They were able to acquire their gold dust in a way which did n't involve squatting in an ice cold creek for hours , while moving hundreds of pounds of wet gravel and sand in hope of finding a tiny flake of gold .
Miss Jenny , started working in the family business when she was a young teenager and was behind the counter of the Gagliardo Store in Hornitos for about 75 of its 100 years in business .
She was in her 90's when she passed on in 1960 .
She preserved some reminders of the past , probably inadvertently , by shoving unsold merchandise to the back shelves of the store and refusing to sell the old stuff -- even to collectors who inquired .
In Bb 2.0
Music - Experiments on YouTube seem to get more and more popular .
Today mo. from
Phlow gave me the link to this little experiment .
In Bb 2.0 is a loose collection of various “ tracks ” in for of YouTube videos , that can be played in any order .
The results surely are not synchronized and therefore the sounds have to be more orientated on ambient - music .
The project is also connected to an open call .
Here are some of the rules :
- Sing or play an instrument , in Bb major .
Simple , floating textures work best , with no tempo or groove .
Leave lots of silence between phrases .
– Record in a quiet environment , with as little background noise as possible .
– Wait about 5 - 10 seconds to start playing .
Uh , an do n’t forget to use nice video - footage as well !
I somehow like the idea of extending this popular video - platform to new music - instruments , or more generally new music concepts .
I am sure , that most of you are already familiar with the brilliant YouTube MashUp “ Thru You ” from Kutiman .
This is really cool , today we ’re going to learn how to make a little robot out of a few very small , simple , and cheap parts you likely can find around
the house .
Honestly , I ’ve found that once you get the stuff together it takes less than 5 minutes to do , and believe me you do n’t need to be a mechanical engineer to do this , this is something that could be a cool science project for a 5th grader or something , for real , it ’s just that simple .
It ’s got that sort of simple elegance about it that engineers love .
Plus , this would make a
great little office desk toy –you know those things that come as promotional items from other companies , little toy things that wind up and bounce or jiggle around your desk , or some floating magnet thing ?
This would be so cool to have on your desk if you ’re in any kind of technical field –just hold up your homemade bristlebot and tell clients it ’s the latest cutting edge technology from your company
Ok , here ’s what you need :
The head from a toothbrush ( must have slanted bristles )
A watch battery
A “ pager vibrator motor ” ( this is the thing in cell phones that makes them vibrate when a call comes in if you ’ve got your phone in vibrate mode – you ’ll likely have an easier time extracting one from a cheap old cell phone than a pager as no one really uses pagers anymore ) .
Also , a pager motor is just a small DC motor with an offset weight on the axel , so you could just make one yourself out of any type of DC motor that ’s small enough .
Foam tape
And here ’s what you do once you ’ve got that stuff :
Additional Resources and Further Reading
If you enjoyed this and have any interest in building your own robots the very first thing I ’d recommend that you do is pick up a copy of this book : Robot Building for Beginners , it does an excellent job of teaching you the basic must - know fundamentals of robots and robot construction , plus it ’s got a bunch of different projects that are perfect for beginners , it ’s what I started with .
Original Inventor of the Bristlebot ( I think –someone correct me if I ’m wrong )
Engadget gives it a shot ( there ’s even a book on this !
lol )
Citing ballooning costs and its responsibility to the taxpayers of the province , the Ontario government says it is indefinitely mothballing plans to build two new nuclear reactors at the Darlington power station .
" We still believe that in our energy supply mix to have new nuclear units to replace some of our aging fleet is very prudent for Ontario .
But we will not purchase any such units at any cost .
The cost must be right for the people of Ontario , " said Energy Minister George Smitherman on Monday morning .
The province 's Liberal government said three years ago it would spend about $ 26.5 billion to build the new reactors .
Three companies were competing for the contract : Areva from France , the U.S. company Westinghouse , and Atomic Energy of Canada Ltd .
Smitherman told a news conference at Queen 's Park that only AECL submitted a bid fully compliant with the request that it assume much of the risk for delays and cost overruns .
" However , concern about pricing and uncertainty regarding the company 's future prevented Ontario from continuing with the procurement at this time , " said a statement from the ministry .
Smitherman said the price was too high , though he refused to say by how much .
" I will answer your question this way — substantially .
Certainly by a measure of many billions [ of dollars ] .
We 'll know the right price when we see it — and we ain't seen it yet . "
Smitherman said the ball is now in the federal government 's court .
Ottawa , he said , has to clarify its plans to privatize AECL 's reactor division , and then get the price down .
According to NDP energy critic Peter Tabuns , " what the minister is asking for essentially is a massive bailout of AECL by the federal government , so that it has a price that 's acceptable for Ontario . "
The Organization of CANDU Industries said it is " extremely concerned " about how the move would affect more than 30,000 workers in the industry , many of them in Ontario .
" The member companies of OCI have invested heavily in this process , and this delay will cause some of them considerable financial difficulty , possibly even bankruptcy , " president Neil Alexander said in a statement .
Steve Outhouse , a spokesman for federal Natural Resources Minister Lisa Raitt , said Monday any discussions about costs rested with AECL , adding there was nothing that would push Ottawa to get involved at this stage .
There are currently three nuclear plants operating in Ontario : Pickering and Darlington east of Toronto , and Bruce on the shore of Lake Huron .
The nuclear reactor decision will have no effect on Ontario 's plans to get rid of coal - fired plants by 2014 , nor will it change the energy mix in the province or the reliability of electricity , Smitherman said .
Smitherman would not say when the government would take a second look at building new nuclear reactors , but it 's not expected until at least after the next provincial election in 2011 .
In Take Advantage of Modern Perl I digressed to discuss a hierarchy of defaults .
I use this concept to help make design decisions about where to fix problems .
( I admit to borrowing concepts from Joshua Bloch 's How to Design a Good API and Why it Matters ( PDF link ) ) .
As you progress from the top of the tower to the base , you solve the problem for more people .
Unknown Problem
Poorly Recognized Problem
Infrequently Asked Question
Frequently Asked Question
Frequently Reinvented Module
Available Module
Community Idiom
Popular Module
Bundled Module
Core Module
Core Language
Please note that this post does not address the difficulty of fixing a problem at any one of these locations , nor does it consider the costs of compatibility , testing , or maintenance .
Those are important concerns , but they 're not the important point for this post .
Institutional Knowledge Locations
The least effective way to address a problem is by ignoring it .
Of course , that assumes you know it 's already a problem .
A problem you have n't even identified is worse .
A problem only a few people acknowledge is bad .
( By " good " and " bad " I refer to the efficacy of addressing the problem .
Again , the severity and reach of a problem are important to consider when deciding how to fix it . )
Documentation Locations
Documenting a problem is an improvement .
Moving down the tower even to institutional knowledge , where occasionally someone ask for and receives a workaround helps more people avoid the problem .
Documenting the problem and any workarounds in a FAQ is even better .
External Code Locations
If users know enough to reinvent the wheel to solve the problem , this can be better than a FAQ .
( It can be worse , too ; some problems are difficult to solve even with domain - specific knowledge and good test cases . )
It 's better to have a decent solution available , though that 's generally only useful to people who know it 's available .
Widespread community knowledge helps even more people , at least if they have contact with the appropriate parts of the community .
There 's an overlap here with FAQs and IAQs , but not all FAQs become idioms and vice versa .
The ability to look at code and recognize such an idiom -- or to recognize the need for an idiom -- is useful .
The best solution in this category is a popular , well - recognized , well - understood module .
Its existence does not preclude other options , but its efficacy and applicability makes it the default solution .
Internal Code Locations
A project such as perl5i or Strawberry Perl can address problems ( bugs , missing features , useful enhancements ) by bundling modules .
They 're available by default to everyone who uses the distribution .
People need to know that they 're available , so other parts of the tower apply , but the barrier to use is much smaller .
The core library is even more effective , provided that users know which parts exist .
As you might expect , the most effective way to address a problem is often to address it in the language itself .
Caveats
I glossed over the importance of design on purpose .
I bring it up now because I do n't want to give the impression that I believe that pushing all potential fixes into the language itself is either desirable or good .
It 's not .
An XML parser may be a good bundled module , but it 's likely a mistake to put XML parsing in the language itself .
A garbage collector tweak tuned for a specific processor may be sufficient as an infrequently asked question , as the people who can best take advantage of it need to analyze its benefits and drawbacks appropriately .
Yet it 's also important to remember that the further up the tower a solution exists , the fewer people can take advantage of it .
Something fairly profound happened to my wife and me Sunday .
I have a group of friends that I communicate with regularly via an email list , and Sunday afternoon I shared what happened with them .
One asked , “ Great story .
Will you be sharing it with your readers ? ”
Hm : good question .
I said I was pondering it — but I do n’t very often tell stories about my volunteer EMS experiences in my weird news newsletter , yaknow ?
“ Good News Helps ”
Another piped up : “ Do it .
People need good news right now .
Especially some of us who are getting nervous as 50 - somethings around us are dropping .
Mortality is weighing quite heavy on some .
Good news , firsthand accounts of honest to goodness good stuff helps . ”
He was referring to a number of recent well - publicized deaths , like Michael Jackson , who just dropped dead at 50 .
The same day , 1970s icon Farrah Fawcett died from cancer .
At 62 , she was a bit older than 50 - something , but that ’s pretty close .
And yesterday “ Pitchman ” Billy Mays died too , also at 50 .
My buddy is 50 - something himself ; he ’s one of the “ some ” he spoke of who ’s feeling mortal as people around him are dying in , it seems , droves .
The Story
So at the risk of sounding too proud of the “ honest - to - goodness good stuff ” that happened on Sunday , here ’s what happened .
As many of you know , my first career was in EMS — I was an advanced life support medic in between stints as a police cadet and sheriff ’s deputy .
After getting my degree , working for NASA ’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory for a decade , and then going into writing and publishing — a 22 - year hiatus from EMS — I recertified as an EMT .
Trained medics were ( and still are ) in short supply in my rural community in western Colorado , just as in many rural communities everywhere , and experienced ones even more so .
Because I have experience , I was given the task of re-establishing a First Responder Corps in my county ; a previous team had gone defunct before I moved here .
In my area in Western Colorado , it takes 20 - 25 minutes for an ambulance to arrive at an emergency , and even that assumes good weather .
I now have a team of a half - dozen trained people who can respond at the drop of a hat to help keep people alive in an emergency until the ambulance or the duty paramedic gets there to take over .
Motley Crew
There ’s a school bus driver , a church secretary , a retired high school science teacher , a retired U.S. Forest Service guy , a retired county commissioner , my wife , and me .
As the Captain of the squad , the guy with experience , I ’m expected to roll on every call to back up the less experienced team members .
Knowing I ’m coming gives them the confidence to roll into sometimes terrifying circumstances after their ( as little as ) 110 hours of training .
My wife , Kit , got certified as an EMT at the same time I did : she wanted to do something about that shortage of medics too .
Since I was re-certifying at a lower level than before , it was easy for me to blow through the class .
I read the book , but did n’t have to study , even though a lot of things have changed in the 22 years since I moved on to my next career ( and I forgot a lot of the things that did n’t change ! )
Since we both have to work for a living , the class time was in addition to our busy schedules .
It made for 70 - hour weeks for me , but Kit had to study on top of that .
And she did it , passing with flying colors .
On Sunday , I was grateful to her dedication to really learn it .
“ Hi , Steve ! ”
We ’ve run some pretty hairy calls .
I pulled a little girl into my own car to meet the ambulance , with Kit driving us out to the county road from the girl ’s rural house to save about 15 minutes to meet the ambulance , because the child was in status epilepticus ( a seizure that wo n’t stop , which is life threatening ) .
We arrived at a wreck , and I looked down at the driver lying on the ground , and my first words to him were , “ Hi , Steve !
How ’s it going ? ” — someone else I knew , and it was a miracle of timing that he had n’t been killed when his truck rolled over and the roof collapsed to his shoulder level .
He had been thrown out of the way just as it would have crushed his head .
He walked away with a broken arm .
This week a neighbor we know had her horse fall on her , slamming her head into the ground so hard she asked what happened again and again — about 30 times — while we waited for the ambulance to arrive ; her memory simply did n’t work .
Each time , after Kit or I told her why she was lying in a pool of her own blood , within 5 - 10 seconds she could n’t remember the answer .
And a couple of years ago , another neighbor we know was lucky to survive when a big - rig tow truck slammed into him … right in front of our house .
But all those people survived because they were lucky , not because of anything Kit or I personally did .
The call on Sunday , however , was different .
Sunday Morning
We were awakened by my pager at 1:04 a.m .
The report : a 50 - year - old man , unconscious , about 5 miles away from our house .
Kit ’s proud that she can go from asleep to dressed and in the car ready to roll within a minute , even though she has to slap in contact lenses to be able to see .
As usual , we were rolling within a minute after Sunday morning ’s page .
As the garage door was going up , we got an update from dispatch : “ CPR in progress . ”
Gulp !
It ’s about the worst news you can get : your patient is dead .
You ’re going to be there first , you ’re going to be there by yourself for at least 10 minutes , and your job is make death a temporary , not a permanent , status .
No pressure there , eh ?
His only hope , when we ’re a good 9 minutes away , is that the CPR is being done well .
Planning Ahead
As we rolled we discussed our initial attack : Kit would go in first and make sure things were under control and progressing toward restoring the man ’s life while I gathered up the equipment we needed and followed her in .
As Captain , one of the few defibrillators we have is kept in my car .
You ’ve seen the “ paddles ” TV medics use to shock people whose heart has stopped ?
That ’s a defibrillator .
I had n’t used one in more than 25 years .
But it ’s been in my car , in case I needed it , for several years .
I never needed it , but I sure did now .
I had just checked it last week , too .
Response Delayed
The first problem hit before we got there .
We found the road just fine , but there were no address signs .
Driveways tend to be about a quarter - mile long around here .
I tried one , but that was n’t it .
I hoped it was the next driveway , and it was .
But about two minutes were wasted right there .
I pulled up to the house and the patient ’s frantic wife led Kit in .
I was less than 30 seconds behind , and entered the man ’s bedroom to find Kit on the floor with him , doing CPR .
The man ’s daughter had done it while we were on the way , keeping him going until we arrived , and Kit had taken over for her .
While I got details on what was going on , and the man ’s medical history , from the wife and daughter , I set up the defibrillator ; it uses sticky pads instead of paddles , but it ’s the same idea .
Kit learned in her training to keep going while a second medic works the machine .
She leaned out of my way , but still kept pumping on his chest while I stuck on the pads , and then I said to stop while the machine checked to see if a shock was in order : not all heart “ stoppage ” is the same , and there has to be a “ shockable rhythm ” for a shock to do any good .
And luckily , we were good to go .
We had a chance to save him .
I made sure Kit was not touching the patient ; medics have been killed when they got shocked accidentally by a defibrillator .
While the defibrillator charged , which takes a few seconds , we both made sure the man ’s daughter knew she was to stay clear too .
We got her nod .
One last check to see we were all safe , and I hit the button .
BAM !
On TV , the person getting shocked does a little jump .
In real life , he jumps — a violent convulsion ( that is , if he ’s lucky : a good muscle convulsion indicates his tissues have n’t started dying from lack of oxygen yet ) .
Our guy nearly came up off the floor .
Good !
And … it worked : his heart started again .
We got a pulse .
I still had to breathe for him ( with a respirator ) , but after a few minutes he started breathing again on his own .
Kim , the paramedic on duty that night , was on her way in her own vehicle , and the ambulance was still a few minutes behind her .
I updated her by radio that we had a pulse and respirations , but I was brief : we still had plenty of work to do ; he was far from stable .
Training Pays
Time from pulling into the driveway to shock : just two minutes !
That ’s teamwork !
And I took half a second to think about it .
Wow : quick defibrillation does work !
He was , as our chief paramedic likes to say , DRT — Dead Right
There — and now he was alive , at least for the time being .
Then the half second was up ( enough celebration !
Back to work ! )
Another of my First Responder team members arrived and pointed Kim to the correct driveway : she would n’t lose those two minutes too .
Kim arrived in the bedroom and got a look at our patient ’s heart rhythm .
It was n’t great , but at least he was perfusing ( his lungs were getting oxygen to his blood , and his heart was pumping it around ) .
The ambulance was still several minutes away , so we talked about how we were going to get him out of the cramped bedroom , through a narrow hall , and down the narrow stairs .
I was busy enough that I did n’t even notice Kim was setting up an IV while we talked , but when she handed me a constricting band to slap on his arm , I noticed it . 🙂
Drug Route
Immediately a small but firm vein popped up inside his forearm .
“ Give me an 18 [ gauge needle ] and I can get that , ” I said , and Kim handed me one .
I had in it so fast she was n’t quite ready to hand me the tubing yet .
But she got it hooked up and it flowed , and I held it in place while she got the stuff to secure it .
We had a secure drug route to help stabilize his heart .
The ambulance had arrived by then , and they actually were able to start getting him ready to go while we finished with the IV .
Nice teamwork !
I sprained my right ankle and knee last week , so I knew I would n’t be able to help carry the patient , especially since I had spent the last 10 minutes kneeling on the floor .
( I was busy enough that I felt no pain — until later …. )
I started taking stuff out to the various vehicles , such as Kim ’s bag , while they moved the still - unconscious patient to the ambulance .
And Now , Another Wait
Because the patient was still critical , Kim wanted an extra medic to go along .
Since Kit was actually first in , I called out to her to see if she wanted to go for the ride , but she was inside getting stuff after helping the patient ’s dazed wife into the front seat , so I said I could go and we took off .
That ’s the start of another 20 - minute waiting period : the ride to the hospital .
At one point the driver , Steve , slammed on the brakes : a deer in the road .
Another hazard of rural areas … .
As Kim started pumping in drugs to help stabilize his heart ( though the IV ) , I called ahead to the hospital to tell them what to expect .
Things were quiet there at 2:00ish on a Sunday morning .
Good .
One thing I like about ambulance work is you spend some critical early time with a patient , and then you get to hand them off to someone else to worry about .
When we got to the hospital , there ’s another full team to take over : doctors , nurses , a respiratory therapist , and more .
Since I ’m not a normal part of the ambulance crew ( read : I did n’t have to clean up the ambulance or do the paperwork ) , I got to watch .
It ’s darned interesting to watch the E.R. staff work on a critical patient .
They had questions about what we did at the house , which I was able to answer , so I was n’t just a voyeur .
Still Critical
When things calmed down a bit I stepped out to wash my hands , and was back in 2 minutes — and during that time his heart had stopped again .
For a second time , one shock brought him back , but Dang !
I missed it !
They let the patient ’s wife in to see him .
When she caught sight of me she was very , very thankful for our quick response and actions .
I asked her to call me later to let me know how he is doing .
I ’ll update this if I hear anything .
( It used to amaze me how many people do n’t say thank you .
But after awhile I realized it ’s OK : they ’re often in such emotional shock that they can’t cope with what ’s going on , let alone remember little niceties .
So when they do acknowledge your efforts , it ’s all the more special . )
The ambulance crew finished up the clean - up and the paperwork , and we headed back home .
The patient was still critical , and both cardiologists in town were away for the weekend , so the E.R. doc decided to helicopter the patient to a bigger hospital .
The chopper crew was wheeling our guy to the roof as we left .
The ambulance dropped me off near home ;
Kit picked me up and I filled her in on what happened after we left the house .
We did n’t get home until 4:30 , but Kit and I were keyed up enough to keep talking about it for awhile , and we both finally dozed off just before 5:00 … when the pager went off again .
Luckily , that call was in town , so we did n’t have to go ; I reset the pager and went right back to sleep .
But Kim , the duty paramedic for the night , would have to go .
No sleep for her that night .
What I Hope You Get Out of This
When someone ’s heart stops , their only hope is that someone near them knows CPR and starts it quickly — and does it well — until they ’re defibrillated , which has to happen pretty quickly too .
There are simple units called AEDs — Automated External Defibrillators — that are so easy to use ( they literally talk you through what to do ) that laymen can use them .
But it ’s better if you ’re trained in it first , so take a CPR class that teaches AEDs too .
A lot of offices and public spaces have AEDs now .
And if you have a family member with a heart condition , considering getting one for your home !
But in other places , too .
Does , say , your local public swimming pool have one ?
If not , can you help do a fund - raising drive to get them one ?
What other high - risk place needs one ?
Can you help them get one ?
Our patient survived because his daughter knew CPR , and because Kit and I were nearby and had a defibrillator .
If he did n’t have someone to do CPR and had to wait 25 minutes for the ambulance to arrive , there ’s a 100 percent chance he would be dead .
Permanently .
Good CPR for 25 minutes before defibrillation ?
That ’s still about a 99.95 percent chance of death .
The 9 - minute span from my house to his ( plus the two minutes wasted by going down the wrong driveway ) was probably right on the edge for our patient that night , but he beat the odds .
And that leaves me with proof positive that what Kit and I did made a real difference : we saved his life .
Any extra minutes , hours , days , or perhaps even years he has to spend with his wife , his kids , his grandchildren : those are completely due to what we — my whole team — did on Sunday morning .
What You Can Do Now
If you live in a small town or a rural area , I ’ll bet your local EMS crews are short - handed , and probably short on equipment , too .
Can you help them , with either volunteering yourself or with fundraising ?
How about good address signs at each driveway ?
Will a sleepy ambulance crew be able to quickly find every address on your street in the middle of the night ?
Check your house , your friends ’ , your neighbors ’ .
Could we easily find their address when seconds count ?
It all really makes a difference , and sometimes you can make a profound impact with not a lot of effort .
Early treatment is n’t any sort of guarantee : when Michael Jackson collapsed last week , he had a cardiologist in the house with him .
He even lived a few minutes from a world - class medical center with top - notch doctors .
Yet he did n’t make it .
But even in a rural area , where it ’s 20 - 25 minutes just to get an ambulance to your house , and another 20 minutes after that just to get to a small hospital ’s emergency room ?
Yeah , you can make it even then — if there are properly trained and - equipped people close enough .
My community cares enough that a few years ago we passed a tax increase on ourselves to pay for improved EMS coverage , and that really worked out on Sunday .
But it started with the patient ’s daughter : she knew CPR , and therefore for a few minutes she was part of my team too .
And I ’m damned proud to be part of such a community .
You might understand , then , that I was pretty giddy all day on Sunday , which is why I told this story to my email friends , the ones who urged me to tell you the story , too .
I ’m still a little giddy now , Monday afternoon as I write this .
I hope a little of my good feelings rubbed off on you , too , and will help to spread it in one of the ways I ’ve suggested .
It ’ll feel good , even if you ’re 50 - something … or more .
Patient Update
6 July
I said I ’d let you know what happened to the patient if I found out .
Very often , even though medics in the field get a heartbeat back , the damage to the heart or brain is too great and the patient dies later , which is why early CPR followed by early defibrillation is so important .
Kit and I were out of town from Monday through Friday , but we stopped by the man ’s house this weekend to see if we could find out how he was doing .
His daughter was still there , and she told us that her dad had not only survived , but he was getting out of the hospital today ( Monday , 8 days after we took him to the hospital ) .
So it ’s a “ real ” save ; he got to leave the hospital and continue on with his life .
Yeah , that giddy feeling is still there for us , but I imagine it ’s much , much bigger for him and his family .
Kit and I hope to meet him after he has rested up a bit .
( His daughter Becky commented on this post below — jump there . )
11 July
Last night , as I was writing the next entry in this blog , the phone rang .
I did n’t recognize the number ( which is all I get on my cell phone , which is the only phone in my office ) , but I answered it because it was local .
The caller said his name , and it took me a second to realize who it was : our patient — he wanted to say thanks .
I asked if we could come visit him Saturday , and he seemed pleased to agree .
Saturday morning I slept in to catch up on my sleep a bit … and got paged out for a possible heart attack .
No , not our CPR patient , but when Kit and I were done with that call , we did go to meet him and see his wife .
They had some questions about what went on that morning , and filled in some details for us , too .
He has no brain damage whatever , which confirms his daughter was doing effective CPR , and is chipper , happy , and glad to be able to watch his grandchildren grow up .
Honest - to - goodness Good Stuff !
They ’re a terrific couple , and it was fabulous to be able to meet him standing up .
Related : A Short Personal Note .
- - -
This page is an example of Randy Cassingham ’s style of “ Thought - Provoking Entertainment ” .
His
This is
True is an email newsletter that uses “ weird news ” as a vehicle to explore the human condition in an entertaining way .
If that sounds good , click here to open a subscribe form .
To really support
This is True , you ’re invited to sign up for a subscription to the much - expanded “ Premium ” edition :
One Year Upgrade Regular Price $ 32.00 USD With $ 5 Extra Support Added $ 37.00 USD With $ 10 Extra Support Added $ 42.00 USD With $ 15 Extra Support Added $ 47.00 USD With $ 20 Extra Support Added $ 52.00 USD With $ 25 Extra Support Added $ 57.00 USD With $ 30 Extra Support Added $ 62.00 USD With $ 35 Extra Support Added $ 67.00 USD With $ 40 Extra Support Added $ 72.00 USD
( More upgrade options here . )
Q : Why would I want to pay more than the regular rate ?
A : To support the publication to help it thrive and stay online : this kind of support means less future need for price increases ( and smaller increases when they do happen ) , which enables more people to upgrade .
This option was requested by existing Premium subscribers .
Knoji reviews products and up - and - coming brands we think you 'll love .
In certain cases , we may receive a commission from brands mentioned in our guides .
Learn more .
There are many websites and CDs available that offer Meditation music per se , but how do you find the ones right for you ?
Listen to some of the websites below , check out some of the background music on certain game sites , and ask everyone you know .
There are also tapes designed for sleeping enhancement that may help .
The music you want will have little or no lyrics and possibly a repeating loop that can include ocean waves or soothing animal sounds .
It all depends on what you want to hear and how deep you want to meditate .
Always remember that a great many mediation programs recommend that you do not listen to meditation music while you are driving as it could cause you to drowse and possibly have an accident .
If you are interested in , or already practice , Zen Meditation and are looking for a traditional clarinet , koto , and shakuhachi presentation , then try samples of Tony Scott 's Music for Zen Mediation .
Another soothing Zen collection is comprised of bells , crickets , and river noises as one of 28 moods available on this link , which then can redirect you to their entire collection .
For less thanÐ ’Â $ 2.00 each , you can download your favorite 30 - minute choices .
Try visiting this Ð’Â game site ( soundtrack toÐ ’Â Patchworkz ) .
It plays a loop of nice jazzy flute and piano music on a continuous loop .
You do n't have to be a member and the music will play until you leave the site .
Looking for a more ethereal type of meditation music ?
Try listening to free 10 - minute segments to see which one is right for you .
Choose from 10 different types of meditations using the above link .
While the site states that 30 - minute segments are available as downloads , I have not been successful in obtaining any of theÐ ’Â full downloads , but the 10 minute segments are quite inspiring .
While a great many meditation programs include sleep , or at least a much - removed state of consciousness , Ocean Euphoric has a CD program that promotes meditation while remaining totally alert .
This new concept can be experienced and sampled by visiting Ð ’Â Bliss Music .
This particular program encourages playing their music throughout your busy day to help remain calm and to welcome the cessation of stress .
Donâ€™t want to download anything , or just like a wide variety of meditation music ?
Try listening to the radio .
Some prefer the sounds of ocean waves , or merely white noise to help them meditate .
There is something for everyone .
Hopefully after checking out some of the sites in this article , you will be able to narrow down which type of meditation music works best for you .
Multiple site links that contain Free Meditation downloads
Tips on meditation
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
A federal judge sentenced Bernard Madoff , the convicted mastermind of the largest and most sweeping Ponzi scheme ever , to the maximum sentence of 150 years in federal court Monday .
Judge Denny Chin of U.S. District Court in New York announced the sentence just moments after Madoff apologized to his victims .
Chin , who called Madoff 's crimes " extraordinarily evil , " said the maximum sentence was important for deterrence , and also for the victims , many of whom erupted into applause after the judge announced the sentence .
Many hugged and some of them broke down in tears .
" The sentence imposed today recognizes the significance of Bernard Madoff 's crimes , " Lev Dassin , acting U.S. attorney , said in a written statement .
The 150 - year sentence is the maximum that federal prosecutors in New York requested , based on the number of Madoff 's victims , the amount of money he stole and the extent of the damage he caused .
Judge Chin said that the Federal Department of Probation had recommended a 50 - year sentence .
Shortly before receiving his sentence , Madoff offered an apology , which he delivered facing Judge Chin .
" I live in a tormented state for all the pain and suffering I created , " he said .
" I left a legacy of shame .
It is something I will live with for the rest of my life . "
Madoff said he was not asking for forgiveness and not offering any excuses for his behavior .
" How can you excuse betraying thousands of investors ? " he asked .
" How can you excuse deceiving hundreds of employees ?
How can you excuse lying to and deceiving your wife who still stands by you ? "
Madoff then said , " I apologize to my victims .
I will turn and face you . "
Addressing the victims in the courtroom directly , he offered , " I am sorry .
I know it will not help you . "
Victims had urged the judge to dole out the stiffest punishment possible .
" We implore you to give the maximum sentence at a maximum prison for this deplorable low life , " said one of the victims in court before Madoff spoke .
" This is a violent crime without a tangible weapon . "
Many of Madoff 's investors were wiped out financially by the scam and sent letters to Judge Chin requesting he spend the rest of his life behind bars .
Nine of the letter - writers spoke in court Monday .
Speaking on behalf of his wife and looking at Madoff , the same victim said , " I have a marriage made in heaven .
You have [ a ] marriage made in hell , and that 's where you 'll return .
May God spare you no mercy . "
Through her attorney , Madoff 's wife Ruth released a statement regarding her husband , " who stunned us all with his confession and is responsible for this terrible situation in which so many now find themselves . "
" I am embarrassed and ashamed , " she said , in the prepared statement .
" Like everyone else , I feel betrayed and confused .
The man who committed this horrible fraud is not the man whom I have known for all these years . "
Madoff , who was stripped of his property in a legal action Friday , confessed on March 12 to running a massive Ponzi scheme .
He pleaded guilty to 11 criminal counts , including fraud , money laundering , perjury , false filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission , and other crimes .
Lawyer Ira Lee Sorkin , who represents Madoff , asked for a 12 - year sentence .
In a letter to the judge , Sorkin explained that his 71 - year - old client " has an approximate life expectancy of 13 years " and is n't likely to outlive the requested sentence by more than a year .
Madoff orchestrated the scam by masquerading his investment firm as a legitimate business .
But the business became a front for a Ponzi scheme , in which the scammer uses fresh money from unsuspecting investors to make payments to more mature investors , creating the false appearance of legitimate returns .
Madoff sent statements to victims claiming that their investments had grown several times over , but in actuality he had stolen , not invested , their money .
Investigators believe that he had been running his scam since at least the 1980s , bilking thousands of investors until he finally ran out of money in December 2008 .
In a $ 170 billion legal judgment against Madoff Friday , the government announced it had seized all of his property in a deal that also forces his wife to give up homes and property worth millions .
The value of all the assets will eventually be used to compensate -- or partially compensate -- victims , based on how much they invested in Madoff 's firm .
The Securities Investor Protection Corporation , an organization that shields investors in brokerage firms , will also pay up to $ 500,000 for any eligible claimant who lost money to Madoff , based on how much they put in .
Thus far , federal investigators have identified 1,341 investors in Madoff 's firm , who have losses exceeding $ 13 billion .
They 're still tallying the damage .
Victims have until July 2 to file a claim with U.S. Bankruptcy Court in New York .
Acting U.S. attorney Dassin said the investigation was continuing .
" We are committed to bringing additional charges against anyone else who bears criminal responsibility , " said Dassin , in a written statement .
" At the same time , we are focused on tracing , restraining and liquidating assets to maximize recoveries for the victims . "
Since March , Madoff has been incarcerated in the Metropolitan Correctional Center in lower Manhattan , a holding facility for convicts awaiting sentencing .
He will probably be transferred to a medium - security federal prison , according to prison consultants .
Alan Ellis , attorney and author of the " Federal Prison Guidebook , " believes that Madoff will probably get sent to Federal Correctional Institute Otisville or FCI Ray Brook , both in upstate New York , FCI Fairton in New Jersey or FCI McKean in Pennsylvania .
-- CNN 's Allan Chernoff , Sara Lane , David Brandt , and Brian Vitagliano contributed to this report .
I think this one was written by Future - Brad .
comic / webcomic 094
Jan Hatzius of Goldman Sachs has a new note ( no link ) responding to claims that government support for the economy is postponing the necessary adjustment .
He does n’t think much of that argument ; neither do I .
But one passage in particular caught my eye :
The private sector financial balance — defined as the difference between private saving and private
investment , or equivalently between private income and private spending — has risen from - 3.6 % of GDP in the 2006Q3 to +5.6 % in 2009 Q1 .
This 8.2 % of GDP adjustment is already by far the biggest in postwar history and is in fact bigger than the increase seen in the early 1930s .
That ’s an interesting way to think about what has happened — and it also suggests a startling conclusion : namely , government deficits , mainly the result of automatic stabilizers rather than discretionary policy , are the only thing that has saved us from a second Great Depression .
The following figure makes the argument :
Here I show the private sector surplus and the public sector deficit , both as functions of GDP ; the private sector line is upward - sloping because higher GDP means higher income and more savings , the public - sector line is downward - sloping because higher GDP means higher revenues .
In equilibrium the private surplus equals the government deficit ( not strictly true for any one country if you add in international capital flows , but think of this as a picture for the world economy ) .
To make the figure cleaner I ’ve shown an initial position of balance in both sectors , but this is n’t important .
What we ’ve had is a sharp increase in the desired private surplus at any given level of GDP , due to a combination of higher personal saving and reduced investment demand .
This is shown as an upward shift in the private - surplus curve .
In the 1930s the public sector was very small .
As a result , GDP basically had to shrink enough to keep the private - sector surplus equal to zero ; hence the fall in GDP labeled “ Great Depression ” .
This time around , the fall in GDP did n’t have to be as large , because falling GDP led to rising deficits , which absorbed some of the rise in the private surplus .
Hence the smaller fall in GDP labeled “ Great Recession . ”
What Hatzius is saying is that the initial shock — the surge in desired private surplus — was if anything larger this time than it was in the 1930s .
This says that absent the absorbing role of budget deficits , we would have had a full Great Depression experience .
What we ’re actually having is awful , but not that awful — and it ’s all because of the rise in deficits .
Deficits , in other words , saved the world .
They are widows , retired schoolteachers , electrical contractors and Korean War veterans .
Most had a strong message for the judge in charge of sentencing Bernard L. Madoff : impose the maximum sentence allowable by law .
In more than 100 letters and e-mail messages to Judge Denny Chin , victims of Mr. Madoff ’s $ 65 billion Ponzi scheme described how their lives had been forever changed by the actions of a man they had trusted .
The letters , sent to the Federal District Court in Manhattan and released to the public on Monday , come ahead of Mr. Madoff ’s sentencing on June 29 .
Eight of the victims , including one who has known Mr. Madoff personally for more than 20 years , asked Judge Chin for permission to speak at the sentencing .
More than two - thirds of the victims who wrote to the court were retirees or children of retirees who invested with Mr. Madoff more than a decade ago .
Many said they had been forced to move in with relatives or look for jobs .
It 's a web mystery – a true whodunit .
The Telegraph reports that a civil servant has been sacked for posting to a website about Hazel Blears .
But we can't find the text .
And nor can the site where it 's meant to have been posted .
( Update : the mystery has been solved - though questions remain : see this subsequent post .
But first , read on . )
It 's alleged that the woman was sacked for " gross misconduct " for posting on Theyworkforyou.com ( the site that turns Hansard into something you can use ) for adding a comment to a Hazel Blears reference to the effect that " You are only sorry that you have been caught .
You are a disgrace ( including all the other honourable members ) .
Why have n't you been sacked ? "
Theyworkforyou points out that it would never have revealed who the person was , and moreover that that comment has never appeared on TWFY , and :
There is no comment on TheyWorkForYou containing the text quoted in that article , nor anything like it , nor has there ever been .
Nor in fact ( as we 've checked ) , on HearFromYourMP , WriteToThem , or WhatDoTheyKnow .
Only one comment has been left on any contribution by Hazel Blears in 2009 , and it 's definitely not related to this .
27 comments were left on 13th May , the date the comment was apparently posted ; we 've read them all and they 're all nothing to do with this .
What 's more , adds Tom Steinberg of MySociety , which set up TWFY :
No journalist bothered to contact us before running the story , and what we do know is that the implication that mySociety would merrily hand over sensitive personal data that ends up in getting someone sacked , without fighting tooth and nail for their privacy every inch of the way , is a complete misinterpretation of the way we work and the things we hold most dear .
This is serious : if newspapers run stories like this where facts like that are wrong , and do n't correct them , reputations can be damaged .
But the mystery deepens .
Why ?
Because that text does n't appear anywhere on Google except in sites that are referring to the Telegraph article .
( Including this one , now . )
And we trust Google , right ?
OK , since we do n't necessarily , let 's hand the job to the new kid on the block , Microsoft 's Bing .
Waddya say , Bing ?
Nope , not there either .
So the Telegraph is saying that someone wrote something on a site .
Except the something that is written does n't appear on the site , and can't be found anywhere else .
That 's extremely odd by anyone 's standards .
Of course it could have all been made so much easier if the Telegraph had included a link in its physical and web story to the offending comment .
But it did n't – although it did include backlinks to its own stories about Ms Blears .
If anyone can find the text - or what could reasonably be described as its original – could they post a link here ?
Then again , if the Telegraph can have imaginary journalists ... but no , that 's unthinkable .
THE convicted councillor Michael ' Stroke '
Fahy , who defied a judge by refusing to resign his council seat , emerged as a poll - topper last night .
A first count in the Loughrea , Co Galway electoral area was delayed due to an earlier recount , but all sides agreed that the controversial Ardrahan - based outgoing councillor would easily head the field and almost certainly take the first seat .
A former Fianna Fail member , standing this time as an independent , Cllr Fahy was convicted by a jury last December of a charge of fraudulently obtaining the benefit of € 7,055 from Galway Co Council .
He has appealed the conviction , a jail sentence and a fine of € 30,000 .
Judge Michael
White told him that the most aggravating factor was the serious breach of trust by an elected public representative , who had set out to defraud the very body to which he had been elected .
While he did not have the power to disqualify him as a councillor , the judge called on Mr Fahy to act with honour and resign his seat .
The pattern of former party stalwarts standing successfully as independents was repeated in remarkable fashion right across Galway county as well as in the city .
Former Progressive Democrats councillors Jim Cuddy and Thomas Welby romped away at the head of the poll in the Oranmore and Connemara electoral areas .
Another independent councillor , Sean Canney , topped the poll in the Tuam area .
In Galway city , former PD stalwarts Donal Lyons and Terry O'Flaherty , now independents , headed the poll in their respective areas .
For Lyons it was a huge personal triumph as he became the biggest vote - getter across all urban areas .
He said : " The reality is that these are all personal votes for each of us .
We are all community - oriented and people can see the work that we do on the ground .
Outging mayor of Galway Cllr Padraig Conneely , who will relinquish the chain of office next week , revealed that a little religious help had propelled him safely back onto the city council .
Cllr Conneely said that 10 of the 13 cloistered nuns at the Poor Clare Convent in Galway city centre had given him their number one .
WHAT we have witnessed in Iran in recent weeks is a military coup conducted through the ballot boxes .
Policymakers and analysts have been talking for a long time about the possibilities and prospects of a change of regime in Iran .
Well , I have news for everybody  change of regime in Iran has taken place .
The re-election of Mahmoud Ahmadinejad for a second term as Iran 's President represents the emergence of the Iranian Revolutionary Guards Corp as a military dictatorship  pushing aside the clerics and mullahs .
It 's a new Iran in many ways .
It 's an Iran in which the Supreme Leader , despite what you will read in most of the Western press , is not the real victor in the election .
He manipulated the elections in such a way as to have Ahmadinejad re-elected .
Now , however , the Supreme Leader works for Ahmadinejad , rather than the other way around .
It 's a new Iran because it's no longer the Islamic Revolution regime as we have known it since Khomeini took over in 1979 .
Ahmadinejad 's Government is already 60 per cent Revolutionary Guard , and the Iranian parliament is 40 to 50 per cent ex-Revolutionary Guard officers .
This election sees the takeover by this group and their allies completed .
Everybody has heard Ahmadinejad 's statements  his regime 's very clear views on eliminating Israel and the very aggressive and confrontational foreign policy .
The three other candidates , each in a different manner , objected to the way Ahmadinejad ran Iran 's nuclear program , hinting very strongly that they did not necessarily see an advantage in the short - term acquisition by Iran of nuclear weapons .
Previous Post :
« Rep. Virginia Foxx ( R-NC ) :
‘ Fool Me Once , Shame on You , Fool Me Twice , Shame on You ’
Rebekah Wade , the Sun editor and soon - to - be News International chief executive , said today that company executives would refute allegations of phone hacking being a widespread practice at the News of the World when they appear before a Commons inquiry .
Wade , who takes over on 1 September as chief executive of News International , publisher of the News of the World and the UK newspaper arm of Rupert Murdoch 's News Corporation , said the company would welcome the chance to appear before MPs on the Commons culture , media and sport select committee to answer questions on the Guardian 's allegations .
She said News International believed the Guardian " has substantially and likely deliberately misled the British public " .
Wade also accused the Guardian , BBC , Channel 4 , ITN and Sky News of " either deliberately or recklessly " combining references to the Information Commissioner 's report about the use of private investigators by newspaper publishers , including Guardian Media Group , which also publishes MediaGuardian.co.uk , with " specific and very limited evidence " from the police investigation of illegal phone interceptions by Glen Mulcaire and former News of the World royal editor Clive Goodman .
She has written to the chairman of the Commons culture , media and sport committee , John Whittingdale , saying that the company would " refute allegations that illegal phone tapping was a widespread practice " .
The News of the World editor , Colin Myler , and Tom Crone , NI 's legal counsel , will appear before the select committee at 10.30 am on Tuesday 21 July .
Culture select committee representatives are understood to be locked in negotiations with former News International executive chairman Les Hinton in a bid to ensure he appears before an earlier emergency session about the News of the World phone hacking affair on Tuesday 14 July .
In her letter , Wade said : " It [ the Guardian ] is rushing out high volumes of coverage and repeating allegations by such sources as unnamed Met officers implying that ' thousands ' of individuals were the object of illegal phone hacking , an assertion that is roundly contradicted by the Met Assistant Commissioner 's statement yesterday . "
On Wednesday the Guardian revealed that News Group Newspapers , the News International subsidiary that publishes the News of the World , paid out more than £ 1 m to settle legal cases that threatened to reveal evidence of its journalists ' repeated involvement in the use of criminal methods to get stories .
The select committee said yesterday it would be calling senior managers from News International to give evidence as early as next week to clarify what they knew about malpractice by journalists at the News of the World .
The inquiry is expected to call the former News of the World editor , Andy Coulson , who is now the Conservative party 's director of communications .
Coulson resigned after the News of the World royal editor Clive Goodman was jailed in 2007 for tapping the phone of members of the royal household .
Earlier today , the Liberal Democrats referred the Metropolitan Police inquiry into phone hacking by journalists at the paper to the Independent Police Complaints Commission .
Chris Huhne , the Lib Dem home office spokesman , has written to IPCC chairman Nick Hardwick asking for an inquiry into Scotland Yard 's 2006 investigation into widespread phone hacking by journalists and private investigators .
Huhne wrote to Hardwick saying that an independent inquiry was required because the Metropolitan Police " cannot act as judge and jury in its own trial " .
The Lib Dem MP added that given the " scale and scope " of the Guardian 's revelations , " the possibility that other journalists and investigators were involved must now be seriously considered " .
Yesterday Metropolitan Police assistant commissioner John Yates said no additional evidence has come to light and no further investigation was required .
However , Keir Starmer QC , the director of public prosecutions , said he had ordered an " urgent examination " of material provided by the police in the News of the World case three years ago .
" The Metropolitan Police can not act as judge and jury in its own trial .
Only an independent inquiry can properly consider any possible neglect of duty by the Specialist Operations Department into the original investigation , " Huhne wrote .
" Given the scale and scope of the allegations , the possibility that other journalists and investigators were involved must now be seriously considered .
The review by the director of public prosecutions is a tacit admission that the review by assistant commissioner Yates was rushed , and supports the case for a full , independent inquiry by the IPCC into the original police investigation , " he said .
" These allegations have serious implications for privacy laws and freedom of the press in this country , and as such must be investigated thoroughly .
When the civil courts are recording large settlements to hush up potentially criminal activity , public authorities have a duty to investigate the matter fully . "
Former senior Scotland Yard officer Brian Paddick also called for an independent inquiry .
Paddick , the former deputy assistant commissioner at the Metropolitan Police , said there should be an independent , external review of the force 's investigation into phone - hacking .
The Met 's assistant commissioner , John Yates , said yesterday that Scotland Yard would not be reopening its files on Goodman because no new evidence had come to light and the original inquiry had concluded that phone hacking had occurred in only a minority of cases .
However , the Guardian 's allegations focus on the activities of many other journalists at the paper , drawing on separate evidence kept secret under a £ 1 m series of deals agreed by its parent company , News International .
The former deputy prime minister , John Prescott , one of those whose phone was allegedly hacked , told the BBC's Newsnight that Yates 's statement 's had not gone far enough .
" Frankly he has come out , he has defined in a very narrow way what he is going to look at , and then gives a report that everything is OK , " he said .
Paddick told the same programme that Yates should not be criticised for dealing with a brief referring just to the Goodman investigation .
But he said Yates was not sufficiently distanced from the original investigation to launch a fresh review .
" John Yates said that he had a degree of independence because he was not involved in the initial investigation , " Paddick added .
" But he is now in charge of the department that did that initial investigtaion , so not only have we got the Metropolitan Police investigating themselves as far as this is concerned , but the department that investigated it investigating themselves .
" There must be some degree of independence here in this investigation , at least an outside force looking at it if not the Independent Police Complaints Commission . "
Mark Stephens , a lawyer at Finers Stephens Innocent , said Yates 's statement did not " address the possibility that there had been a criminal attempt or a potential criminal conspiracy " .
" I think Keir Starmer , the director of public prosecutions , will force the police to reopen this investigation , " he told Radio 4 's Today programme this morning .
Legal experts said the Yard 's decision would not affect the ability of alleged hacking victims to sue the News of the World for breach of privacy .
Stephens said several legal firms had been approached by people who thought they might have been the target of the News of the World 's activities .
" Aggrieved celebrities are contacting lawyers across London , " Stephens said .
" I had two calls yesterday – one from somebody who has been identified by the Guardian as having been hacked and also the private office of somebody who believes they may have been . "
The Guardian also revealed today that the Manchester United manager , Sir Alex Ferguson , and the former Newcastle United manager Alan Shearer were among those whose private telephone messages were recorded by a private investigator working for the News of the World .
Both men are said to have left messages on the mobile phone of Gordon Taylor , the chief executive of the Professional Footballers '
Association , who sued the newspaper last year , according to sources familiar with the police investigation .
The prospect of legal action by victims comes after three fresh inquiries were launched yesterday into the conduct of News of the World journalists following the Guardian 's disclosures that Rupert Murdoch 's News Group company paid £ 1 m to keep secret the use of apparently criminal methods to get stories .
The director of public prosecutions , Keir Starmer , ordered an urgent review of the evidence relating to phone hacking gathered in the investigation of the News of the World reporter Clive Goodman , who was jailed in January 2007 for obtaining information illegally .
A powerful Commons select committee said it would be calling senior managers from News International to give evidence as early as next week to clarify what they knew about malpractice by journalists at the News of the World .
The inquiry by the culture , media and sport select committee is expected to call the former News of the World editor , Andy Coulson , who resigned after Goodman was jailed and is now the Conservative party 's director of communications .
The Press Complaints Commission also announced it was conducting an inquiry .
David Cameron , the Conservative leader , has defended Coulson , saying he did " an excellent job in a proper , upright way " .
The parliamentary inquiry will focus on executives at News International , including Rebekah Wade , the outgoing Sun editor who has been promoted to News International chief executive ; Stuart Kuttner , the News of the World 's outgoing managing editor ; Colin Myler , the current News of the World editor ; and Les Hinton , the former chairman of News International .
Hinton left News International in December 2007 to become the New York - based chief executive of anther News Corporation subsidiary , Dow Jones , which publishes the Wall Street Journal .
John Whittingdale , the chairman of the culture select committee , said he was particularly keen to question Hinton , who told a previous hearing he was " absolutely convinced " that Goodman was the only person who knew about the phone hacking at the paper .
Whittingdale added that he was " completely shocked " that News Group had paid out more than £ 1 m to settle cases involving illegal surveillance and said he would be asking Hinton whether he wished to amend the evidence he gave the committee then .
Another member of the committee , Labour MP Paul Farrelly , said Hinton would be asked " whether he wishes to correct , or amplify , his evidence " .
" That reopens our inquiry and , if we are not satisfied with the answers , parliament can potentially take the rare – but reputationally serious – step of finding witnesses in contempt , " he wrote on the Guardian 's Comment is Free website .
News International said last night it was " prevented by confidentiality obligations from discussing certain allegations made in the Guardian newspaper " .
The company added that its journalists had complied with relevant legislation and codes of conduct since February 2007 , after the Goodman case and Coulson 's resignation .
• To contact the MediaGuardian news desk email editor@mediatheguardian.com or phone 020 3353 3857 .
For all other inquiries please call the main Guardian switchboard on 020 3353 2000 .
• If you are writing a comment for publication , please mark clearly " for publication " .
Outsourcing Unrest
The 300 year colonial adventure is over at last , which is why Britain is in political crisis .
By George Monbiot .
Published in the Guardian 9th June 2009
Why now ?
It ’s not as if this is the first time our representatives have been caught out .
The history of governments in all countries is the history of scandal , as those who rise to the top are generally the most ambitious , ruthless and unscrupulous people politics can produce .
Pushing their own interests to the limit , they teeter perennially on the brink of disgrace , except when they fly clean over the edge .
So why does the current ballyhoo threaten to destroy not only the government but also our antediluvian political system ?
The past 15 years have produced the cash - for - questions racket , the Hinduja and Ecclestone affairs , the lies and fabrications which led to the invasion of Iraq , the forced abandonment of the BAE corruption probe , the cash - for - honours caper and the cash - for - amendments scandal .
By comparison to the outright subversion of the functions of government in some of these cases , the expenses scandal is small beer .
Any one of them should have prompted the sweeping political reforms we are now debating .
But they did n’t .
The expenses scandal , by contrast , could kill the Labour party .
It might also force politicians of all parties to address our injust voting system , the unelected House of Lords , the excessive power of the executive , the legalised blackmail used by the whips and a score of further anachronisms and injustices .
Why is it different ?
I believe that the current political crisis has little to do with the expenses scandal , still less to do with Gordon Brown ’s leadership .
It arises because our economic system can no longer extract wealth from other nations .
For the past 300 years , the revolutions and reforms experienced by almost all other developed countries have been averted in Britain by foreign remittances .
The social unrest which might have transformed our politics was instead outsourced to our colonies and unwilling trading partners .
The rebellions in Ireland , India , China , the Caribbean , Egypt , South Africa , Malaya , Kenya , Iran and other places we subjugated were the price of political peace in Britain .
Following decolonisation , our plunder of other nations was sustained by the banks .
Now , for the first time in three centuries , they can no longer deliver , and we must at last confront our problems .
There will probably never be a full account of the robbery this country organised , but there are a few snapshots .
In his book Capitalism and Colonial Production , Hamza Alavi estimates that the resource flow from India to Britain between 1793 and 1803 was in the order of £ 2 m a year , the equivalent of many billions today .
The economic drain from India , he notes , “ has not only been a major factor in India ’s impoverishment … it has also been a very significant factor in the Industrial Revolution in Britain .
” (1) As Ralph Davis observes in The Industrial Revolution and British Overseas Trade , from the 1760s onwards India ’s wealth “ bought the national debt back from the Dutch and others … leaving Britain nearly free from overseas indebtedness when it came to face the great French wars from 1793 . ” ( 2 )
In France , by contrast , as Eric Hobsbawn notes in The Age of Revolution , “ the financial troubles of the monarchy brought matters to a head . ”
In 1788 , half of France ’s national expenditure was used to service its debt : “ the American War and its debt broke the back of the monarchy ” ( 3 ) .
Even as the French were overthrowing the ancien regime , Britain ’s landed classes were able to strengthen their economic power , seizing common property from the country ’s poor by means of enclosure .
Partly as a result of remittances from India and the Caribbean , the economy was booming and the state had the funds to ride out political crises .
Later , after smashing India ’s own industrial capacity , Britain forced that country to become a major export market for our manufactured goods , sustaining industrial employment here ( and avoiding social unrest ) long after our products and processes became uncompetitive .
Colonial plunder permitted the British state to balance its resource deficits as well .
For some 200 years a river of food flowed into this country from places like Ireland , India and the Caribbean .
In The Blood Never Dried , John Newsinger reveals that in 1748 Jamaica alone sent 17,400 tons of sugar to Britain ; by 1815 this had risen to 73,800 tons ( 4 ) .
It was all produced by stolen labour .
Just as grain was sucked out of Ireland at the height of its great famine , so Britain continued to drain India of food during its catastrophic hungers .
In Late Victorian Holocausts , Mike Davis shows that Indian wheat exports to the UK doubled between 1876 and 1877 as subsistence there collapsed ( 5 ) .
Several million Indians died of starvation .
In the North Western provinces the famine was wholly engineered by British policy , as their surplus production was exported to offset poor English harvests in 1876 and 1877 ( 6 ) .
Britain , in other words , outsourced famine as well as social unrest .
There was terrible poverty in this country in the second half of the 19th Century , but not mass starvation .
The bad harvest of 1788 helped precipitate the French Revolution , but the British state avoided such hazards .
Others died on our behalf .
In the late 19th Century , Davis shows , Britain ’s vast deficits with the United States , Germany and its white Dominions were balanced by huge annual surpluses with India and ( as a result of the opium trade ) China .
For a generation “ the starving Indian and Chinese peasantries … braced the entire system of international settlements , allowing England ’s continued financial supremacy to temporarily co-exist with its relative industrial decline .
” ( 7 ) Britain ’s trade surpluses with India allowed the City to become the world ’s financial capital .
Its role in British colonisation was not a passive one .
The bankruptcy and subsequent British takeover of Egypt in 1882 was hastened by a loan from Rothschild ’s bank whose execution , Newsinger records , amounted to “ fraud on a massive scale ” ( 8 ) .
Jardine Matheson , once the biggest narco - trafficking outfit in world history ( it dominated the Chinese opium trade ) , later formed a major investment bank , Jardine Fleming .
It was taken over by JP Morgan Chase in 2000 .
We lost our colonies , but the plunder has continued by other means .
As Joseph Stiglitz shows in Globalisation and its Discontents , the capital liberalisation forced on Asian economies by the IMF permitted northern traders to loot hundreds of billions of dollars , precipitating the Asian financial crisis of 1997 - 98 ( 9 ) .
Poorer nations have also been strong - armed into a series of amazingly one - sided treaties and commitments , such as Trade Related Investment Measures , bilateral investment agreements and the EU ’s Economic Partnership Agreements ( 10 ) .
If you have ever wondered how a small , densely - populated country which produces very little supports itself , I would urge you to study these asymmetric arrangements .
But now , as John Lanchester demonstrates in his fascinating essay in the London Review of Books , the City could be fatally wounded ( 11 ) .
The nation which relied on financial services may take generations to recover from their collapse .
The great British adventure – three centuries spent pillaging the labour , wealth and resources of other countries – is over .
We cannot accept this , and seek gleeful revenge on a government which can no longer insulate us from reality .
www.monbiot.com
References :
1. Hamza Alavi , 1982 .
Capitalism and Colonial Production , pp 62 - 63 .
Croom Helm , London .
2. Ralph Davis , 1979 .
The Industrial Revolution and British Overseas Trade , pp55 - 56 .
Leicester University Press .
3. Eric Hobsbawm , 1962 .
The Age of Revolution , p78 .
Abacus , London .
4. John Newsinger , 2006 .
The Blood Never Dried , p14 .
Bookmarks , London .
5. Mike Davis , 2001 .
Late Victorian Holocausts , p27 .
Verso , London .
6. ibid , p51 .
7. ibid , p297
8. John Newsinger , ibid , p86 .
9. Joseph Stiglitz , 2002 .
Globalization and its Discontents .
Allen Lane , London .
First published in 2002 by W.W. Norton , New York .
10 .
See for example Myriam Vander Stichele , 24th October 2008 .
The facilitating framework for free investment and capital .
Draft Briefing Paper .
The Corner House .
http://www.thecornerhouse.org.uk/pdf/document/facilitate.pdf
11 . John Lanchester , 28th May 2009 .
It ’s Finished .
London Review of Books .
http://www.lrb.co.uk/v31/n10/lanc01_.html
MSN Web Messenger is retiring on 30 June 2009 .
The IT giant Microsoft recently said that its popular messenger platform MSN would retire and be replaced by already available new IM in the Windows Live Hotmail .
According to a blog on the Windows Live team website , " With new web - based instant messaging ( IM ) now available in Windows Live Hotmail worldwide , we are preparing to retire MSN Web Messenger .
The old MSN Web Messenger experience will end on June 30 , 2009 .
" The new messenger aims to provide users with easier and convenient communication while checking mails on the company 's free email service Hotmail .
With Hotmail 's new web - based IM , users can chat from their inbox or contact list , instead of going to MSN Web Messenger , added the blog .
( CNN ) --
The World Health Organization announced Tuesday it is still considering increasing its pandemic alert level to phase 6 because of growing worldwide cases of the H1N1 virus , or swine flu .
WHO considers raising the pandemic alert level to 6 as cases of H1N1 increase worldwide .
" Globally , we are at phase 5 , but we are nearing phase 6 , " said Dr. Keiji Fukuda , WHO 's Assistant Director General .
" As this continues to spread internationally , some countries are moving from isolated to sustained community spread . "
Phase 6 is a declaration that many member countries have long feared could mean economic disaster .
It is the highest on the WHO 's pandemic alert system , and is described by the organization as a global pandemic .
Fukuda was quick to remind journalists that the designation does not reflect the severity of the disease , but how widespread it is .
" Our overall assessment of severity is moderate , " he said , " because although the overall number of serious and fatal cases is relatively limited ... we really do n't have a full handle on the number of people with serious illness . "
Fukuda said nearly 19,000 cases of the H1N1 virus have been reported in 64 countries , resulting in 117 deaths .
All About World Health Organization • Swine Flu
( CNN ) -- Google is jumping into Microsoft Windows territory -- and threatening to change the way personal computers work -- with its own version of a computer operating system .
Google 's operating system will augment its Web browser , which is also called Chrome .
The company says the forthcoming Google Chrome OS will revolutionize how computers operate , putting more emphasis on Web functionality , making computers faster and opening them up to helpful tinkering by outside program developers .
" The operating systems that browsers run on were designed in an era where there was no web , " Google said late Tuesday on its official blog .
" It 's our attempt to re-think what operating systems should be . "
Chrome OS will be available to consumers in the second half of 2010 , Google says .
But why should you care ?
A trim and speedy Google operating system , which has been buzzed about online for some time , is interesting for several reasons -- even if you think it could flop out of the gate .
iReport :
What do you think about Google 's Chrome OS ?
The first is that Chrome OS will be available as " open- source " technology .
That means software developers will be able to mess with the code behind the system , allowing them to develop new applications for it .
In essence , it puts the users in control .
This wisdom - of - the - masses philosophy flies right in the face of Microsoft Windows , which keeps its code locked away .
The open - source nature of Chrome OS also has led to some speculation that the software will be free , as many open - source platforms are .
Google Inc. , based in Mountain View , California , has n't commented on price as of yet , although most of its services , such as Gmail and Picasa , are free .
Second , Google 's operating system supports another buzz term in the tech world : cloud computing .
That phrase means a bunch of things to different people , but it essentially refers to the idea that a lot of computing can be done through Internet servers instead of on the computer that 's sitting in front of you .
Cloud computing , in part , is behind the rise in netbooks -- small laptops that are essentially portals of entry into the much greater vat of information , storage space and computing power that exists " in the cloud . "
Google 's blog says its OS will be designed specifically to work with netbooks at first .
Later versions are expected to target the larger desktop and laptop computer markets .
The OS also probably will partner well with Google 's Web browser , also called Chrome .
Essentially , the operating system could become an Internet - based experience .
Michael Arrington , co-editor at TechCrunch , says that 's a big threat to Microsoft 's business , but it may help consumers .
" Do n't worry about those desktop apps you think you need .
Office ?
Meh .
You 've got Zoho and Google Apps , " he writes .
" You wo n't miss Office . "
Finally , Google says in its blog post that it's " going back to basics " with this operating system .
The company realizes that speed and functionality are top priorities for computer users who now live on the Internet .
" People want to get to their email instantly , without wasting time waiting for their computers to boot and browsers to start up .
They want their computers to always run as fast as when they first bought them .
They want their data to be accessible to them wherever they are and not have to worry about losing their computer or forgetting to back up files , " the company writes .
" Even more importantly , they do n't want to spend hours configuring their computers to work with every new piece of hardware , or have to worry about constant software updates .
And any time our users have a better computing experience , Google benefits as well by having happier users who are more likely to spend time on the Internet . "
Many tech writers seem enamored with the idea .
Writing for TechCrunch , MG Siegler says Google is inventing an operating system that users almost wo n't notice .
It will boot quickly , then get out of the way .
" What Google is doing is not recreating a new kind of OS , they 're creating the best way to not need one at all , " Siegler writes .
Siegler says Google is " dropping the mother of bombs on its chief rival , Microsoft , " adding that the move is " a genius play . "
Microsoft Corp. , based in Redmond , Washington , did not respond immediately to a request for comment on this story .
The company is set to release Windows 7 , its latest operating system -- or program that helps your computer 's hardware run software applications -- on October 22 .
Ars Technica , a tech site that reportedly broke the story Tuesday before Google announced the news on its blog , writes that Google 's OS will forward the idea of computing in the cloud .
" With such an OS , Google could obviously make it extra easy for users to access the full range of Google cloud applications through the browser -- Google Docs , Gmail , Google Maps , etc , " the site says .
But a Google operating system , combined with the already extensive reach of Google products , could draw more attention from the federal government for possible antitrust violations , says CNET writer Stephen Shankland .
" The move has widespread implications , " he writes .
" One is that it shows just how serious Google is about making the Web into a foundation not just for static pages but for active applications , notably its own such as Google Docs and Gmail .
" Another : it opens new competition with Microsoft and , potentially , a new reason for antitrust regulators to pay close attention to Google 's moves . "
Others say the news is somewhat overblown .
The Silicon Alley Insider says success of the operating system is " far from guaranteed . "
Reporter Henry Blodget writes that Google 's operating system could go the way of the Chrome Web browser -- which has turned out to be more of a niche product rather than a true rival to Microsoft 's Internet Explorer .
" Google 's browser initiative , Chrome , has been a fun little science project , but as a product it has been a flop , " Blodget writes .
" The same can be said for almost all of Google 's non-search products .
If Google wants to have a chance at success in this business , it needs to focus on it with the same intensity it once put into search .
This will be challenging for Google , which , for the last several years , has had the luxury of dabbling in whatever it pleases . "
What do you think ?
Feel free to chime in with comments below .
All About Google Inc. • Microsoft Windows OS • Microsoft Internet Explorer
Face it , we do n't have a lot of control over typography on the web .
We have about a half - dozen fonts to pick from , we do n't know what size or exactly what color the type will be , and the exact same type will render very differently on a Mac than a PC .
But the increasing browser support of the CSS text - shadow property is giving us more fine - grained control of text weight and contrast .
Text shadow has been supported in Safari since version 1.1 ( as well as other Webkit - based browsers like Google Chrome ) and in Opera since version 9.5 .
With the release of Firefox 3.5 last week , all the major browsers aside from Internet Explorer support shadows .
Fortunately , since we will only be making subtle adjustments to our typography , it is n't a big deal even if the viewer is using a browser that does n't support shadows .
They will simply see the default look .
Typographic Weight
Normally , there are two font weights on the web : normal and bold ( in theory there are a range of weights from 100 to 900 , but there is little practical support for that ) .
However , we can fake an intermediate text weight by setting the text - shadow color to the text color , and setting the blur to zero .
Normal text /
Bold text /
Text with text - shadow : 0 0 0 #000 ;
We can also reverse the trick and make the text a bit lighter with nearly - transparent shadow with 1 pixel of blur behind the text .
I first saw a similar trick on Wilson Miner 's site , although he has since removed it .
The version using alpha transparency was developed by Komodo Media .
Unfortunately , this technique is a little less predictable in browsers other than Safari , particularly in the current version of Chrome which actually darkens the text .
This has no text - shadow / This has text - shadow : 0 0 1px rgba( 0,0,0,.01 ) ;
Local Contrast Enhancement
There is a trick commonly used in Photoshop to make photos " pop " with more contrast , but without modifying the overall tonal range of the photo .
You can read more about local contrast enhancement elsewhere , but the essence of it is increasing the contrast of every edge in the photo — making the darker side a bit darker and the lighter side a bit lighter .
We can use text - shadow to do the same thing with low contrast text .
Note : I am not advocating low - contrast text on your website !
Make sure the text is readable even before you add any shadows .
So for instance if we have some brown text on a tan background , we would need to add a lighter tan " glow " around the text .
That will increase the contrast immediately around the text itself , without changing the rest of the background .
No contrast adjustment / With text - shadow : 0 0 5px # f1e2cd ;
You can see that this method lightens the text - weight slightly ( just as in the previous example ) but it also makes the text look sharper .
The trick here is to pick a shadow color that sets off the text without looking artificial .
In particular , this can be useful when you are overlaying text on a background image : the slight glow will make the text easier to read .
With all of these techniques the trick is getting the right combination of shadow color and blur radius : keep experimenting until you get it looking the way you want .
And make sure to browser test !
We are using cutting - edge technology here , so it will look a little different from browser to browser .
Finally , there are undoubtedly many other interesting effects to be had by manipulating the text - shadow property .
If you find others , please share them in the comments .
I went down to Chatham High Street today to take some pictures of the flyover being demolished ( that ’s another post to come ) and to use up a film I ’ve had in a camera for over a year .
Doing so had some unexpected consequences …
This photo …
led to this photo …
which led to this form …
which led to this letter …
To the Professional Standards Department
RE : Complaint relating to the behaviour of police officer xxxxx , police officer xxxxx and PCSO xxxxx .
At around 11.45 am on the 08/07/09 police Officer xxxxx placed me under arrest in Chatham High Street .
Officer xxxxx stated I was being arrested under section 44 of the Prevention of Terrorism Act 2000 and read me my rights .
As I was arrested I was handcuffed .
I asked why she had arrested me .
She stated because I had taken a photograph of her and that she considered this to be an unlawful obstruction .
After a short time I was led up the High Street and detained in a police van for around 20 minutes .
It is my view officer xxxxx had no reasonable grounds to arrest and detain me under section 44 of the Act .
The arrest was made immediately after I photographed xxxxx whilst voluntarily waiting as she spoke to a colleague on the phone in relation to me being requested to stop by PCSO xxxxx and officer xxxxx ’s subsequent involvement .
The relevant events leading to the arrest are as follows : I was initially stopped by two men in the High Street close to Snappy Snaps .
The men did not identify themselves though stated that they worked for Medway Council .
I saw a badge attached to one of the men ’s waistband and saw the logo of Kent Police .
The men asked me why I was taking pictures in the High Street .
I told them photography was a hobby and explained what and who I had taken pictures of and why .
The camera was an Olympus OM1 which is an analogue film camera so I was therefore unable to show them a preview of the pictures I had taken .
The men asked me to provide them with details about my identity .
I asked them under what authority they were making their request .
They did not provide a clear answer to this question in that they failed to state the legal authority under which they were making their enquiries .
I stated it was my belief that I was not legally obliged to provide them with any further information and was choosing not to do so .
They said that if I did provide the details they requested then they would contact the police .
I did not argue the point or move away .
One of the men then used his phone as the other flagged down PCSO xxxxx who was walking down the High Street from the Rochester end .
The same line of questioning and responses followed .
We were then joined by officer xxxxx who again came from the Rochester end of the High Street .
Once again the same line of questioning followed until such time I was arrested .
At no time did I refuse to give an account for myself and my activities in the High Street .
After sitting in the police van for around 20 minutes the outer back doors were opened and I was spoken to through the locked inner cage by officers xxxxx and xxxxx , both of whom were in plain clothes and neither of which produced their warrant cards .
They spoke about the threat of terrorism .
They were keen to seek my agreement with regards to the views they expressed , both about the threat of terrorism and the suspicious nature of people with cameras and especially those who chose not to provide identifying details about themselves when requested to do so .
I was asked if I would now provide details regarding my identity .
I asked , taking into account I was now under arrest , handcuffed and detained , if I was obliged to do so .
They stated that I was and said that if I did not I would be taken to the police station .
I indicated I could not physically provide any proof of my identity whilst handcuffed and locked in the van .
They let me out .
I asked to be unhandcuffed .
The request was refused .
I informed officer xxxxx details of my identity were in my wallet which was in my inside jacket pocket .
Officer xxxxx placed his hand inside my jacket pocket and removed my wallet upon which he opened it and could see my photo card driving license .
He passed the wallet to one of his colleagues who took it away .
Officer xxxxx then proceeded to search my pockets and pat me down .
It is my assertion the refusal to remove the handcuffs was unjustified and perpetuated the use of unreasonable force .
At no time had I made any physical resistance or attempts to move away whilst being questioned by any of the police officers , the PCSO or the two unidentified men claiming to work for Medway Council .
I was not informed by officer xxxxx the object of his search nor the grounds or authorisation for it .
It is my understanding that as officer xxxxx was in plain clothes he was also obliged to produce his warrant card prior to conducting his pat down and search of my pockets which he did not .
Furthermore it is my understanding that as the search was in public the officer is only authorised to require me to take of an outer jacket , jacket and gloves .
Officer xxxxx required me to take of my trainers and patted down the undersides of both feet .
For a further 5 - 10 minutes I stood in the street in full view of passers by handcuffed and accompanied and intermittently spoken to by officers xxxxx and xxxxx .
Whilst sharing their views about the threat of terrorism officer xxxxx stated she had felt threatened by me when I took her picture .
I cannot recall exactly what she said but I do recall her referring to my size and inferring she found it intimidating at the time ( I am 5ft 11in and weigh about 12 stone ) .
Presently officer xxxxx returned and released the handcuffs .
Officer xxxxx stated he was satisfied with the results of checks which his colleague (s ) had made .
He put his hand out for me to shake , apologised for the inconvenience , stated that he hoped I understood given the ‘ strange ’ times we are in and left in an unmarked car with officer xxxxx .
Officer xxxxx then presented herself to me and asked if I had been informed that I had been dearrested ; I stated that I had not at which point she proceeded to do so .
She also offered a verbal apology and her hand for me to shake .
I asked if I was free to go and continue to take pictures in the High Street , she informed me that I was ; PCSO xxxxx added as long as you do n’t take any pictures of us .
At this point I walked away feeling upset , embarrassed and traumatised by the events .
I believe the way I was treated was unjustified and wholly disproportionate .
I assert that officer xxxxx misused her powers of arrest and demonstrated a poor understanding of the law in relation to arrest , the use of force , the use of detention , photography in public places , obstruction and the Prevention of Terrorism Act 2000 .
Furthermore I assert that officer xxxxx is unsuitable to act as a police officer or at the very least requires further training if she is intimidated by a male of an unremarkable stature taking a single picture with a camera pointed in her direction .
I assert that officer xxxxx failed to follow the correct procedures when conducting his search of me and perpetuated the use of unreasonable force by refusing to release me from handcuffs .
I assert that PCSO xxxxx demonstrated an unacceptable attitude by making a veiled threat towards me in relation to my future activities as an amateur photographer .
I seek for these matters to be fully investigated , the process and outcomes of which I request to be shared with me .
With regards to redress I seek a written apology in relation to any shortfalls identified with regards to the involved officer ’s conduct and consideration of compensation to be made to me for the upset , embarrassment and psychological trauma caused .
I would also like Kent and Medway Police to liaise with Medway Council in order to identify the two unidentified men that initially stopped and questioned me .
I seek for their conduct to also be fully investigated , the process and outcomes of which I request to be shared with me .
Yours sincerely
Cc – The independent monitor of the implementation of anti-terrorism legislation , Lord Carlile of Berriew QC , The House of Lords London SW1A 0AA .
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —— ——
I know a fair few people may say serves you right for a number of reasons .
My reponse to that is it will serve you right when you wake up one day and realise you do n’t live in a free country anymore .
I ’ve been stopped nearly a dozen time under section 44 .
Up until now I ’ve always provided my details .
Today I decided not to .
Seems that when I choose to exercise my rights I get arrested , cuffed and detained for doing so .
Yossarian would appreciate the logic in that .
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —— ——
You 've either seen the Mentos and Coke experiment on YouTube or you 've destroyed your kitchen trying it yourself .
Wired has come up with a parlor trick that 'll surprise your friends with a delayed explosion time : Mentos , frozen in ice cubes .
Advertisement
Admittedly , I do n't know many people who let their drinks sit long enough for their ice to completely melt , but Wired suggests using warm Coke to help speed up the process .
Next time you get some strange looking ice in your drink , I 'd suggest you start chugging .
[ Wired via Neatorama via BoingBoing ]
Sixteen athletic teams at Alabama have been penalized for their involvement in improperly obtaining free textbooks for other students , with the football team ordered to vacate wins between the 2005 and 2007 seasons , the NCAA committee on infractions announced Thursday .
Alabama will be forced to vacate 21 football victories that came under the watch of former coach Mike Shula and current coach Nick Saban , the university said in a release .
The football program , which will not lose future scholarships , and the other 15 teams have been put on three years ' probation -- the third probation penalty for university athletics in the past decade .
Alabama also was ordered to pay a $ 43,900 fine .
It was n't immediately clear if Alabama would appeal the probation , which would last until June 2012 .
" First of all , I think the University of Alabama , Dr. [ Robert ]
Witt [ president ] , and Mal Moore [ athletic director ] did a great job of demonstrating institutional integrity in the way they handled this internally , " Saban told the Birmingham News on Thursday before the NCAA 's announcement .
" I 'm really happy for the players we have in the program that this wo n't affect their future , nor will it affect the players we 're recruiting .
We 're always happy to be moving on , and we 're looking forward to the future . "
Former Miami athletic director Paul Dee , chairman of the committee on infractions , said 201 student - athletes improperly obtained textbooks from the school 's bookstore .
Dee said four football players were the worst offenders , obtaining books worth between $ 2,700 and $ 3,950 .
Dee said the athletes improperly obtained textbooks worth approximately $ 40,000 .
Athletes get free textbooks with their scholarships , but some were accused of getting additional textbooks for other students .
The NCAA identified seven Alabama football players who intentionally obtained textbooks improperly , Dee said .
The NCAA asked Alabama officials to identify the games in which the ineligible players competed during the 2005 - 07 seasons for the purpose of vacating those victories .
Alabama did so and came up with the 21 - win number ( see inline ) .
A EURO - PACIFIC / PETER SCHIFF WHITE PAPER
by Thomas E. Woods , Jr. by Thomas E. Woods , Jr.
In 1920 — 21 , the United States faced a grave economic crisis , worse than the first year of the Great Depression .
Double - digit unemployment and a 21 percent decline in production over the previous twelve months greeted the new president .
That president , the now - despised Warren G. Harding , told Americans that the bust following the artificial , credit - induced boom of the war years had to be faced up to , and that no government , however wise , could make it disappear :
The economic mechanism is intricate and its parts interdependent , and has suffered the shocks and jars incident to abnormal demands , credit inflations , and price upheavals … .
We must seek the readjustment with care and courage .
Our people must give and take .
Prices must reflect the receding fever of war activities ….
All the penalties will not be light , nor evenly distributed .
There is no way of making them so .
There is no instant step from disorder to order .
We must face a condition of grim reality , charge off our losses and start afresh .
It is the oldest lesson of civilization … .
Any wild experiment will only add to the confusion .
Our best assurance lies in efficient administration of our proven system .
Government actually cut its budget during the crisis .
There was no fiscal " stimulus . "
The Fed looked on passively .
And by the summer , recovery had already begun .
According to today ’s textbooks , that was n’t supposed to happen .
But it did .
President Barack Obama ’s approach to the present crisis could n’t be more different .
Once in office , the candidate who had run on " hope " began speaking in apocalyptic terms of what might happen to Americans if vigorous government intervention were not undertaken .
At the very least , we might experience an extended slump rivaling the Great Depression .
Just look at Japan , Obama said in his first press conference as president .
Japan " did not act boldly and swiftly enough , " he said , " and as a consequence they suffered what was called the u2018 lost decade ’ where essentially for the entire ’90s they did not see any significant economic growth . "
As usual , unfortunately , our president draws the wrong lesson from history .
Japan acted too " boldly " and " swiftly . "
Tens of trillions of yen in stimulus packages , combined with propping up failing companies , lowering interest rates to zero , and much additional intervention besides , had nothing to show for it other than making Japan the most indebted country in the developed world .
Keynesians desperate to find some reason that their entire slate of proposals failed to elicit a response from the Japanese economy try to argue that Japan did n’t nationalize its banking sector fast enough .
But when Japan did start nationalizing its banks , it then endured the two worst years ( 1998 and 1999 ) of the whole " lost decade . "
1
Shortly after taking office , President Obama urged the Congress to approve a " stimulus " package amounting to $ 787 billion in order to ( he said ) restore the economy to health .
In his first news conference as president , Obama warned that a failure to pass this bill " could turn a crisis into a catastrophe . "
" I can tell you with complete confidence , " he continued , " that a failure to act will only deepen this crisis as well as the pain felt by millions of Americans . "
( For the projected deficits resulting from Obama ’s spending plans , see Fig. 1 . )
Fig. 1 Source : Washington Post ; CBO , White House Office of Management and Budget
But , fashionable superstitions notwithstanding , government spending — that is , draining resources from the productive sector and devoting them to arbitrary projects — cannot improve the economy .
It can only make things worse .
So blinded are Keynesian economists , from whom Obama takes his inspiration , by the view that prosperity is attributable to " spending " per se that they predicted a return to depression conditions when World War II spending came to an end .
And indeed in 1946 , the year after the war ended , the budget was cut by two thirds .
But instead of reverting to depression , what occurred instead was the single most robust year the private economy has ever seen .
2
What the economy really needs , contra Obama , is not government " stimulus " spending to try to revive it as it is .
We should not want to " stimulate " what should now be obvious to everyone was an unsustainable economy .
That only encourages it to continue along a false path whose inevitable abandonment in the future will be all the more painful thanks to our insistence on propping it up now .
As we ’ll see , what the economy instead needs is a market - driven restructuring , in which bubble activities shrink and resources are reallocated into lines of production that conform to what consumers want and can afford .
Where the Bust Came From
How , after all , did we get into this slump ?
The key culprit is the Federal Reserve and its loose monetary policy .
3
The new money created by the Fed under Alan Greenspan in the years following 9/11 went overwhelmingly into the housing market , inflating prices to unheard - of levels ( see Fig. 2 ) .
According to the faulty conventional wisdom that rapidly took hold , this rise in prices was a sustainable phenomenon that would persist into the future , not an artificial bubble destined to burst .
The so - called experts told Americans that their homes were bound to appreciate , that a house was the best investment they could make , and that flipping houses was a sure money - making opportunity .
With home prices rising in tandem with people ’s stock portfolios ( another bubble ) , Americans felt wealthier than they really were .
They made consumption decisions on the basis of those faulty estimates that they have since come to regret .
Some business enterprises that began or expanded under the conditions of the boom could continue profitably only as long as the boom lasted and consumers ’ artificially stimulated excess spending went on .
With reality now reasserting itself — that is , with easy credit no longer so readily available , and with people now making their spending decisions in light of the decreased wealth they now realize they have — the market is trying to clear away these bubble activities , so that their resources can be made available for use by the real wealth generators in the economy .
Fig. 2 Source : Financial Wisdom , http://www.newfinancialwisdom.com/median-home-prices-inflation-adjusted; data from Robert J. Shiller , Irrational Exuberance
The market , in short , is trying to move consumers away from personal finance models based on indebtedness and too much ( and / or the wrong kinds of ) consumption , and toward more saving and a sustainable level of consumption .
To accommodate this shift , labor and capital will need to be reallocated out of some sectors and into other ones .
" Stimulus " spending only disrupts and confuses this purgative process , by misdirecting resources into arbitrary projects and artificially stimulating politically favored industries at the expense of the economy ’s healthy and productive sector .
Obama ’s program for recovery , such as it is , looks instead to reinflate the bubble , keep the spending spree going , and give still more artificial stimulus to debt while providing disincentives to save .
It refuses to allow the market to correct the unsustainable excesses in the economy .
" No scheme which has ever been devised by them has ever made a collapsed boom go up again , " said William Graham Sumner in 1896 .
Nothing in the historical record since then has altered that verdict .
The Federal Reserve , meanwhile , acting on the basis of the same economic principles laid out by the president , is likewise trying to repair the economy by engaging in more of what caused the problems in the first place .
On March 18 , 2009 , the Federal Open Market Committee ( FOMC ) announced it would purchase up to $ 300 billion in long - term government bonds , with the intent of lowering mortgage rates and other rates on consumer debt .
It also declared its intention to purchase up to $ 750 billion in mortgage - backed securities guaranteed by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac .
Instead of allowing the market to restructure along a sustainable path , the Fed instead seeks to keep home prices inflated , prop up the securitization model ( on which the market is trying to render its negative verdict ) , and encourage more borrowing and debt .
" Stimulus " Spending Does n’t Work — Or Make Sense
On a more basic level , the jobs that government creates are unprofitable — that is , they consume more resources than they produce .
If that were n’t true , then the profit - seeking private sector would be funding them already .
In fact , it ’s impossible for government to know whether it is engaged in profitable , productive activity , since it lacks a profit - and - loss mechanism whereby it can calculate whether it is making efficient use of resources .
" Stimulus " packages therefore drain the productive economy of resources in order to subsidize money - losing ventures .
Because these money - losing ventures get resources shifted to them , fewer resources are available for use by the productive economy ; and since the government sector uses resources less efficiently than the private sector , the net result is a decline in wealth — a fact no magical " multiplier " effect can overcome .
The more sophisticated Keynesians will come back with the argument that government stimulus can kick - start " idle resources " that were n’t being employed in any production process anyway .
But how can it do that ?
Our idle resources include , for instance , some of our automobile production capacity , some construction capacity , some of our financial services sector , and the like , as well as a wide variety of types of labor .
Now Obama ’s stimulus package includes ( for example ) money to weatherize 2 million American homes .
How can weatherizing homes put these and only these idle resources to work ?
It can ’t , of course .
And are there enough unemployed weatherizers to take these jobs , or will we be drawing labor from its current uses in the private sector ?
The question answers itself .
In other words , the weatherizing job will have to draw from already employed factors of production , thus redirecting them to a less urgently demanded use than the one the market was already employing them for .
That does not create " stimulus . "
It destroys value and wealth .
And if the claim is that the money spent on weatherizing homes will eventually trickle down , somehow , to the unemployed workers in these other fields , it is hard to take such a crude mechanism seriously .
If we did happen to have enough unemployed weatherizers to weatherize people ’s homes , then why would we need Obama ’s stimulus package to force laborers and customers together ?
If prices were allowed to adjust freely , people wanting their homes weatherized would find the weatherizers on their own , and thus the effort to " stimulate " these transactions would become superfluous .
The Bailouts Continue
Barack Obama won the White House on a promise of " change we can believe in , " but his approach to the economic crisis has been more of the same , including continued bailouts of failed institutions .
As with so many other federal efforts , once the federal government spends a certain amount on a doomed enterprise , it feels compelled to continue the effort .
We ca n’t stop now , the argument goes , since we ’ve already " invested " $ 180 billion in AIG .
That ’s the bottomless pit that the bailout mentality , perpetuated by Obama , inevitably leads to .
Instead of punishing every economic actor in America , Obama should let the losses from AIG fall on those who incurred them .
If that means a string of bankruptcies , then so be it : after years of wild risks rewarded by bailouts , large institutions could stand a salutary reminder that ours is a profit and loss economy .
With the foolish gamblers of AIG rebuked by the market and out of business , major market actors might think twice about taking unwise risks in the future .
Only then would we lay the foundations for a sound , robust , and sustainable economy in the years to come .
On March 23 , Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner ’s unveiled his proposal to assist the banks by taking " legacy assets " — the Newspeak term for toxic assets — off their books .
Some 93 percent of the funding for this initiative would come from the taxpayer in one form or another .
This kind of gimmick does not in fact make the losses associated with these assets magically disappear .
It merely spreads out the losses , so that innocent and prudent third parties are made to share the bill with the foolish and reckless individuals whose poor decisions caused the problems .
The hope is that shifting these assets onto the backs of the taxpayers will " unclog " the credit markets and get lending flowing once again .
But the banks surely realize that Americans , by and large , have already borrowed more than they can pay back .
Legacy assets or no legacy assets , the flow of credit is going to be allocated with greater prudence in the short run .
( In the long run the lessons of the past will be forgotten — as they have been , without fail , throughout American history — and the reckless lending that the Fed ’s easy money policy makes possible will start up once again . )
What ’s more , with various mortgage re-sets due to take place over the next couple years , the banks ’ inventory of bad assets will continue to rise .
Simply recognizing the true values of previously mispriced assets leaves the amount of physical stuff in the economy unchanged .
It could well lead to bankruptcies for some institutions , but that would mean only that the distribution of that unchanged amount of wealth would shift from one group of people to another group of people .
Bankruptcy courts would establish new ownership , and economic activity could then resume on a new and sound foundation .
There would be short - run pain , to be sure , but government policy can no more abolish pain than it can strike down the law of gravity .
Obama : " What I Wo n’t Do "
So now we know Obama ’s intentions — for starters : spend , rely on the Fed to create lots of new money , and prop up failing companies .
Now for what he wo n’t do .
" What I wo n’t do , " the president said , " is return to the failed theories of the last eight years that got us into this fix in the first place , because those theories have been tested and they have failed . "
What " theories " can the president have in mind ?
The past eight years saw massive increases in government spending , massive money creation by the Fed , and massive borrowing from abroad .
Which one of those does the president plan to discontinue ?
Which one would he even slow down ?
What Obama means , of course , is that the supposedly free - market policies of the past eight years have failed .
The president is merely repeating the conventional wisdom , which holds that free - market economists have egg on their faces right now , with their cherished system crumbling before their eyes .
The opposite is true .
Which economists were most likely to have predicted the present fiasco ?
The free - market economists of the Austrian School , who warned that when the government ’s central bank tampers with the market ’s structure of interest rates , the result is systemic error on the part of businessmen , consumers , and investors .
The faulty interest rates mislead investors into beginning projects that require more saved resources to complete than the economy actually has , and for whose ultimate products insufficient consumer demand exists .
In the recent housing bubble , as we noted earlier , the Fed ’s low interest rate policy , combined with government stimulus to homeownership , spawned an artificial boom in housing that made consumers think they were richer than they really were , thereby misleading them into making consumption decisions many have since come to regret .
4
Economist Mark Thornton , who called the housing bubble back when the authorities denied the very possibility of a national bubble in real estate , uses three graphs ( Figs. 3 , 4 , and 5 ) to tell the story .
Figure 3 shows the fall in the federal funds target rate , Figure 4 shows the fall in mortgage rates , and Figure 5 shows the dramatic increase in real estate loans that resulted :
Fig. 3 Source : Mark Thornton , Ludwig von Mises Institute
Fig. 4 Source : Mark Thornton , Ludwig von Mises Institute
Fig. 5 Source : Mark Thornton , Ludwig von Mises Institute
Had the Fed not created all that new money ( which is then multiplied through the fractional - reserve system ) , the market would have stopped the housing bubble in its tracks .
Faced with an inordinate demand for mortgage loans , banks would have found their supply of loanable funds rapidly depleted .
As a result , interest rates would have shot up , and further speculation in real estate would have been arrested .
These high interest rates , it ’s worth pointing out , would have encouraged people to save , and those increased savings would have provided the genuine wherewithal for any further home lending to take place .
( Remember that old - fashioned idea that resources need to be saved by someone first before someone else can borrow them ? )
To make matters worse , the economy of the past eight years operated under the implied promises of the " Greenspan put , " which important market actors took to mean that there was a floor beneath which the Fed would not permit asset prices to fall .
The Financial Times spoke in 2000 , in the wake of the dot - com boom , of an increasing concern that the Greenspan put was injecting into the economy " a destructive tendency toward excessively risky investment supported by hopes that the Fed will help if things go bad . "
" Since Alan Greenspan took office , " writes economist Antony Mueller , " financial markets in the U.S. have operated under a quasi - official charter , which says that the central bank will protect its major actors from the risk of bankruptcy .
Consequently , the reasoning emerged that when you succeed , you will earn high profits and market share , and if you should fail , the authorities will save you anyway . "
This is not exactly the free market at work .
Neither are Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , the Community Reinvestment Act , and the 101 other ways the federal government has poured fuel on our financial fire .
" Green Jobs "
Another well - known plank of the Obama economic plan involves the creation of " green jobs , " which will employ Americans in lines of work related to climate change abatement and the transition from the use of fossil fuels to renewable energy sources .
For the sake of argument , we ’ll leave aside the scientific debate over climate change and the extent to which human activity influences it , and the scientific merit of the claims made on behalf of alternative forms of energy .
What matters here is that supporters of the president ’s plan argue that these artificially created jobs will be good for the economy ; " progressive " think - tanks have produced studies purporting to show the wonderful effects the president ’s initiative will have on employment and economic prosperity .
These studies , though , are filled with every economic fallacy in the book .
The " green jobs " spoken of are treated as if they amount to a raw increase in the amount of employment in America , without acknowledging that ( 1 ) the people taking these jobs will often be leaving other ones behind , yielding no net increase in employment , and ( 2 ) the private sector will now have to compete with these government - subsidized jobs for scarce labor .
The emphasis on green jobs is itself misplaced , since it suggests that the sheer number of jobs in a particular industry is something to cheer .
From a purely economic point of view , it is not a sign of progress to move to a more labor - intensive energy industry , since doing so merely draws employment away from the production of other goods and makes society poorer : we ’d have the same amount of energy , but less of other things .
Moreover , when the Council of Mayors estimates the growth in green jobs from 750,000 to 4.2 million in 2038 , it overlooks the issue of labor productivity .
If productivity growth continues at its average annual rate of 2 percent ( an average observed from 1970 to the present ) , then the number of green jobs in 2038 is cut almost in half , to 2.3 million .
5
Cornered by these facts , advocates of green jobs would doubtless retort that encouraging renewable energy sources — however hopeless a project it probably is — is an end in itself , regardless of its effects on employment .
Even if that were true , the point is that these measures are being urged on us right now on economic grounds , which crumble at the slightest scrutiny .
What Should Be Done vs. What Will Be Done
For the sake of American prosperity , Obama should consider the one path the political establishment has not considered : allowing the free market to allocate capital and labor , to price assets , and to choose winners and losers .
The recovery would be swift in coming , as it always is when the market is allowed to operate .
And economic success would once again be the product of hard work and entrepreneurial skill , not cultivating political connections in Washington .
As usual , the politicians have other ideas : bail everyone out , try to reinflate the bubble , squander more resources on arbitrary projects , reward borrowing and debt , and create lots of new money .
Every one of these measures props up bubble activities and undermines genuine wealth - generating activities .
The bailouts allocate capital away from the prudent and competent and toward the imprudent and incompetent , from the wealth creators to the wealth destroyers .
The " fiscal stimulus " fritters away scarce resources on money - losing ( that is , value - destroying ) projects .
Making debt more attractive encourages more of the behavior that brought us to this unhappy impasse , thereby guaranteeing a worse bust in the future .
Printing up new money does not magically create new real resources in the economy .
It merely redistributes the existing pool of resources into a configuration that does not correspond to real consumer demand .
It diverts resources into artificial activities with which genuinely wealth - generating activities are then forced to compete .
In short , the president ’s program aggravates every existing problem in the American economy , and will make genuine recovery all the longer in coming .
Whether we measure these policies against history or sound economic theory , the verdict is the same : the president has chosen a path that is guaranteed to fail .
We were already on that path before his election .
Only if President Obama genuinely changes course , and allows the free economy to restore the prosperity that so much previous intervention served to undermine , would we really have change we can believe in .
Thomas Woods Archives
The Best of Tom Woods
HD to Sony Walkman Converter is the high definition video converter software of all HD Converters for you to convert HD video files with high quality .
The HD video converter supports wide range of video formats such as MP4 , AVCHD ( mts , m2ts ) , H.264/AVC , MKV , MPEG - 2 ( ts ) , HD WMV , MPEG - 4 and Quick Time .
This high - level HD to Sony Walkman converter is an excellent video converter software which can convert video formats from one to another with perfect output quality and high conversion speed .
Furthermore , you can trim or crop videos , apply artistic effect , etc. to perfect output files .
Buy now ! ( $ 20.00 ) Free Download Trial Version
Tutorial : how to convert HD to MP4 for Sony Walkman
Click button to add HD file that you want to convert and paly on Sony Walkman .
You can select various HD files :
Convert HD TS , MTS , M2TS to MP4 for Walkman
Convert HD MPG , MPEG to MP4 for Walkman
Convert HD WMV , MOV , H.264 to MP4 for Walkman
Click Browse button to set a destination folder .
Choose output format and the path to save your output files on the program interface .
Press then HD to Sony Walkman Converter will start encoding your source video .
With its friendly interface and simple settings , HD to Sony Walkman Converter could convert files easily with high speed !
Do not hesitate , please free download this Sony Walkman HD conversion tools and try it now !
$ 20.00
Need to get aerodynamic on your mountain bike ?
If you happen to be doing a road race in the mountain bike category , or you are flying solo along a smooth stretch of dirt or pavement during an XC race , you typically want to be as aerodynamic as possible without compromising control or power .
You rarely see any “ aero tucks ” during a mountain bike race , but at an uphill time trial on the road , you never know what you ’ll see …
I prefer to keep my hands on the handlebar ( as my mountain bike position is just as low and stretched out as my road position , ) but I picked up a very intriguing aero tuck position from Zak Dieringer ( of Team Spin ) that I wanted to share :
( You can click the pics to see larger versions . )
Yes , his hands are on the fork crown !
I tried this on my bike , and it was not stable whatsoever , but it must work for Zak .
Tip from Zak Dieringer :
This was at an up hill time trial , so speeds were low and aerodynamics were not terribly important .
What was important , however , was power output .
This position , as weird as it looks , put me very close to my position on my road bike , and at least I felt like I was pedaling harder .
The handlebars are about level with the saddle on this bike , which works great in the woods , but I felt like my mom on her hybrid pedaling up this hill .
I would also not recommend this position if there is another rider in within a mile of you , you have to brake or turn , or , most importantly , there is someone with a camera nearby .
[ Note : Zak is typically on or near the overall podium in this King of the Mountai race .
Your results may vary ! ]
Back to the topic of aerodynamics on a mountain bike …
What I tend to do if I need to get aero on my mountain bike is move my hands close together , but keep them on the handlebar .
That puts my hands close to the stem ; then I flatten my back as much as possible , giving me a flat back and forearms , which present a smaller profile to the wind .
( If I do n’t need to pedal , I can stand up and get my butt in the air to really flatten my back . )
With those techniques I ’m still pretty aerodynamic but maintain control of the handlebar , which comes in very handy on dirt road downhills , the likely place where you could use such a position .
Caution : Riding in any position like this in any situation is very dangerous as you could easily lose control and hurt yourself or others !
Photo credits : Levi Bloom
Levi Bloom is an experienced endurance athlete who has been training and competing for over 17 years .
A former Cat 1 road and mountain bike racer ( professional class on the regional circuit ) , he is now a cycling coach ( USA Cycling Level 3 Certified ) and sports nutrition coach ( Precision Nutrition Level 1 Certified ) .
coachlevi.com
Dandelion Salad
By Noam Chomsky
May 19 , 2009 “ Tomdispatch ”
The Torture Memos and Historical Amnesia
The torture memos released by the White House elicited shock , indignation , and surprise .
The shock and indignation are understandable .
The surprise , less so .
For one thing , even without inquiry , it was reasonable to suppose that Guantanamo was a torture chamber .
Why else send prisoners where they would be beyond the reach of the law — a place , incidentally , that Washington is using in violation of a treaty forced on Cuba at the point of a gun ?
Security reasons were , of course , alleged , but they remain hard to take seriously .
The same expectations held for the Bush administration ’s “ black sites , ” or secret prisons , and for extraordinary rendition , and they were fulfilled .
More importantly , torture has been routinely practiced from the early days of the conquest of the national territory , and continued to be used as the imperial ventures of the “ infant empire ” — as George Washington called the new republic — extended to the Philippines , Haiti , and elsewhere .
Keep in mind as well that torture was the least of the many crimes of aggression , terror , subversion , and economic strangulation that have darkened U.S. history , much as in the case of other great powers .
Accordingly , what ’s surprising is to see the reactions to the release of those Justice Department memos , even by some of the most eloquent and forthright critics of Bush malfeasance : Paul Krugman , for example , writing that we used to be “ a nation of moral ideals ” and never before Bush “ have our leaders so utterly betrayed everything our nation stands for . ”
To say the least , that common view reflects a rather slanted version of American history .
Occasionally the conflict between “ what we stand for ” and “ what we do ” has been forthrightly addressed .
One distinguished scholar who undertook the task at hand was Hans Morgenthau , a founder of realist international relations theory .
In a classic study published in 1964 in the glow of Camelot , Morgenthau developed the standard view that the U.S. has a “ transcendent purpose ” : establishing peace and freedom at home and indeed everywhere , since “ the arena within which the United States must defend and promote its purpose has become world - wide . ”
But as a scrupulous scholar , he also recognized that the historical record was radically inconsistent with that “ transcendent purpose . ”
We should not be misled by that discrepancy , advised Morgenthau ; we should not “ confound the abuse of reality with reality itself . ”
Reality is the unachieved “ national purpose ” revealed by “ the evidence of history as our minds reflect it . ”
What actually happened was merely the “ abuse of reality . ”
The release of the torture memos led others to recognize the problem .
In the New York Times , columnist Roger Cohen reviewed a new book , The Myth of American Exceptionalism , by British journalist Geoffrey Hodgson , who concludes that the U.S. is “ just one great , but imperfect , country among others . ”
Cohen agrees that the evidence supports Hodgson ’s judgment , but nonetheless regards as fundamentally mistaken Hodgson ’s failure to understand that “ America was born as an idea , and so it has to carry that idea forward . ”
The American idea is revealed in the country ’s birth as a “ city on a hill , ” an “ inspirational notion ” that resides “ deep in the American psyche , ” and by “ the distinctive spirit of American individualism and enterprise ” demonstrated in the Western expansion .
Hodgson ’s error , it seems , is that he is keeping to “ the distortions of the American idea , ” “ the abuse of reality . ”
Let us then turn to “ reality itself ” : the “ idea ” of America from its earliest days .
“ Come Over and Help Us ”
The inspirational phrase “ city on a hill ” was coined by John Winthrop in 1630 , borrowing from the Gospels , and outlining the glorious future of a new nation “ ordained by God . ”
One year earlier his Massachusetts Bay Colony created its Great Seal .
It depicted an Indian with a scroll coming out of his mouth .
On that scroll are the words “ Come over and help us . ”
The British colonists were thus pictured as benevolent humanists , responding to the pleas of the miserable natives to be rescued from their bitter pagan fate .
The Great Seal is , in fact , a graphic representation of “ the idea of America , ” from its birth .
It should be exhumed from the depths of the psyche and displayed on the walls of every classroom .
It should certainly appear in the background of all of the Kim Il - Sung - style worship of that savage murderer and torturer Ronald Reagan , who blissfully described himself as the leader of a “ shining city on the hill , ” while orchestrating some of the more ghastly crimes of his years in office , notoriously in Central America but elsewhere as well .
The Great Seal was an early proclamation of “ humanitarian intervention , ” to use the currently fashionable phrase .
As has commonly been the case since , the “ humanitarian intervention ” led to a catastrophe for the alleged beneficiaries .
The first Secretary of War , General Henry Knox , described “ the utter extirpation of all the Indians in most populous parts of the Union ” by means “ more destructive to the Indian natives than the conduct of the conquerors of Mexico and Peru . ”
Long after his own significant contributions to the process were past , John Quincy Adams deplored the fate of “ that hapless race of native Americans , which we are exterminating with such merciless and perfidious cruelty … among the heinous sins of this nation , for which I believe God will one day bring [ it ] to judgement . ”
The “ merciless and perfidious cruelty ” continued until “ the West was won . ”
Instead of God ’s judgment , the heinous sins today bring only praise for the fulfillment of the American “ idea . ”
The conquest and settling of the West indeed showed that “ individualism and enterprise , ” so praised by Roger Cohen .
Settler - colonialist enterprises , the cruelest form of imperialism , commonly do .
The results were hailed by the respected and influential Senator Henry Cabot Lodge in 1898 .
Calling for intervention in Cuba , Lodge lauded our record “ of conquest , colonization , and territorial expansion unequalled by any people in the 19th century , ” and urged that it is “ not to be curbed now , ” as the Cubans too were pleading , in the Great Seal ’s words , “ come over and help us . ”
Their plea was answered .
The U.S. sent troops , thereby preventing Cuba ’s liberation from Spain and turning it into a virtual colony , as it remained until 1959 .
The “ American idea ” was illustrated further by the remarkable campaign , initiated by the Eisenhower administration virtually at once to restore Cuba to its proper place , after Fidel Castro entered Havana in January 1959 , finally liberating the island from foreign domination , with enormous popular support , as Washington ruefully conceded .
What followed was economic warfare with the clearly articulated aim of punishing the Cuban population so that they would overthrow the disobedient Castro government , invasion , the dedication of the Kennedy brothers to bringing “ the terrors of the earth ” to Cuba ( the phrase of historian Arthur Schlesinger in his biography of Robert Kennedy , who considered that task one of his highest priorities ) , and other crimes continuing to the present , in defiance of virtually unanimous world opinion .
American imperialism is often traced to the takeover of Cuba , Puerto Rico , and Hawaii in 1898 .
But that is to succumb to what historian of imperialism Bernard Porter calls “ the saltwater fallacy , ” the idea that conquest only becomes imperialism when it crosses saltwater .
Thus , if the Mississippi had resembled the Irish Sea , Western expansion would have been imperialism .
From George Washington to Henry Cabot Lodge , those engaged in the enterprise had a clearer grasp of just what they were doing .
After the success of humanitarian intervention in Cuba in 1898 , the next step in the mission assigned by Providence was to confer “ the blessings of liberty and civilization upon all the rescued peoples ” of the Philippines ( in the words of the platform of Lodge ’s Republican party ) — at least those who survived the murderous onslaught and widespread use of torture and other atrocities that accompanied it .
These fortunate souls were left to the mercies of the U.S. - established Philippine constabulary within a newly devised model of colonial domination , relying on security forces trained and equipped for sophisticated modes of surveillance , intimidation , and violence .
Similar models would be adopted in many other areas where the U.S. imposed brutal National Guards and other client forces .
The Torture Paradigm
Over the past 60 years , victims worldwide have endured the CIA ’s “ torture paradigm , ” developed at a cost that reached $ 1 billion annually , according to historian Alfred McCoy in his book A Question of Torture .
He shows how torture methods the CIA developed from the 1950s surfaced with little change in the infamous photos at Iraq ’s Abu Ghraib prison .
There is no hyperbole in the title of Jennifer Harbury ’s penetrating study of the U.S. torture record : Truth , Torture , and the American Way .
So it is highly misleading , to say the least , when investigators of the Bush gang ’s descent into the global sewers lament that “ in waging the war against terrorism , America had lost its way . ”
None of this is to say that Bush - Cheney - Rumsfeld et al. did not introduce important innovations .
In ordinary American practice , torture was largely farmed out to subsidiaries , not carried out by Americans directly in their own government - established torture chambers .
As Allan Nairn , who has carried out some of the most revealing and courageous investigations of torture , points out : “ What the Obama [ ban on torture ] ostensibly knocks off is that small percentage of torture now done by Americans while retaining the overwhelming bulk of the system ’s torture , which is done by foreigners under U.S. patronage .
Obama could stop backing foreign forces that torture , but he has chosen not to do so . ”
Obama did not shut down the practice of torture , Nairn observes , but “ merely repositioned it , ” restoring it to the American norm , a matter of indifference to the victims .
“ [ H ] is is a return to the status quo ante , ” writes Nairn , “ the torture regime of Ford through Clinton , which , year by year , often produced more U.S. - backed strapped - down agony than was produced during the Bush / Cheney years . ”
Sometimes the American engagement in torture was even more indirect .
In a 1980 study , Latin Americanist Lars Schoultz found that U.S. aid “ has tended to flow disproportionately to Latin American governments which torture their citizens , … to the hemisphere ’s relatively egregious violators of fundamental human rights . ”
Broader studies by Edward Herman found the same correlation , and also suggested an explanation .
Not surprisingly , U.S. aid tends to correlate with a favorable climate for business operations , commonly improved by the murder of labor and peasant organizers and human rights activists and other such actions , yielding a secondary correlation between aid and egregious violation of human rights .
These studies took place before the Reagan years , when the topic was not worth studying because the correlations were so clear .
Small wonder that President Obama advises us to look forward , not backward — a convenient doctrine for those who hold the clubs .
Those who are beaten by them tend to see the world differently , much to our annoyance .
Adopting Bush ’s Positions
An argument can be made that implementation of the CIA ’s “ torture paradigm ” never violated the 1984 Torture Convention , at least as Washington interpreted it .
McCoy points out that the highly sophisticated CIA paradigm developed at enormous cost in the 1950s and 1960s , based on the “ KGB ’s most devastating torture technique , ” kept primarily to mental torture , not crude physical torture , which was considered less effective in turning people into pliant vegetables .
McCoy writes that the Reagan administration then carefully revised the International Torture Convention “ with four detailed diplomatic ‘ reservations ’ focused on just one word in the convention ’s 26 - printed pages , ” the word “ mental . ”
He continues : “ These intricately - constructed diplomatic reservations re-defined torture , as interpreted by the United States , to exclude sensory deprivation and self - inflicted pain — the very techniques the CIA had refined at such great cost . ”
When Clinton sent the UN Convention to Congress for ratification in 1994 , he included the Reagan reservations .
The president and Congress therefore exempted the core of the CIA torture paradigm from the U.S. interpretation of the Torture Convention ; and those reservations , McCoy observes , were “ reproduced verbatim in domestic legislation enacted to give legal force to the UN Convention . ”
That is the “ political land mine ” that “ detonated with such phenomenal force ” in the Abu Ghraib scandal and in the shameful Military Commissions
Act that was passed with bipartisan support in 2006 .
Bush , of course , went beyond his predecessors in authorizing prima facie violations of international law , and several of his extremist innovations were struck down by the Courts .
While Obama , like Bush , eloquently affirms our unwavering commitment to international law , he seems intent on substantially reinstating the extremist Bush measures .
In the important case of Boumediene v. Bush in June 2008 , the Supreme Court rejected as unconstitutional the Bush administration claim that prisoners in Guantanamo are not entitled to the right of habeas corpus .
Salon.com columnist Glenn Greenwald reviews the aftermath .
Seeking to “ preserve the power to abduct people from around the world ” and imprison them without due process , the Bush administration decided to ship them to the U.S. prison at Bagram Air Base in Afghanistan , treating “ the Boumediene ruling , grounded in our most basic constitutional guarantees , as though it was some sort of a silly game — fly your abducted prisoners to Guantanamo and they have constitutional rights , but fly them instead to Bagram and you can disappear them forever with no judicial process . ”
Obama adopted the Bush position , “ filing a brief in federal court that , in two sentences , declared that it embraced the most extremist Bush theory on this issue , ” arguing that prisoners flown to Bagram from anywhere in the world ( in the case in question , Yemenis and Tunisians captured in Thailand and the United Arab Emirates ) “ can be imprisoned indefinitely with no rights of any kind — as long as they are kept in Bagram rather than Guantanamo . ”
In March , however , a Bush - appointed federal judge “ rejected the Bush / Obama position and held that the rationale of Boumediene applies every bit as much to Bagram as it does to Guantanamo . ”
The Obama administration announced that it would appeal the ruling , thus placing Obama ’s Department of Justice , Greenwald concludes , “ squarely to the Right of an extremely conservative , pro-executive - power , Bush 43 - appointed judge on issues of executive power and due- process - less detentions , ” in radical violation of Obama ’s campaign promises and earlier stands .
The case of Rasul v. Rumsfeld appears to be following a similar trajectory .
The plaintiffs charged that Rumsfeld and other high officials were responsible for their torture in Guantanamo , where they were sent after being captured by Uzbeki warlord Rashid Dostum .
The plaintiffs claimed that they had traveled to Afghanistan to offer humanitarian relief .
Dostum , a notorious thug , was then a leader of the Northern Alliance , the Afghan faction supported by Russia , Iran , India , Turkey , and the Central Asian states , and the U.S. as it attacked Afghanistan in October 2001 .
Dostum turned them over to U.S. custody , allegedly for bounty money .
The Bush administration sought to have the case dismissed .
Recently , Obama ’s Department of Justice filed a brief supporting the Bush position that government officials are not liable for torture and other violations of due process , on the grounds that the Courts had not yet clearly established the rights that prisoners enjoy .
It is also reported that the Obama administration intends to revive military commissions , one of the more severe violations of the rule of law during the Bush years .
There is a reason , according to William Glaberson of the New York Times : “ Officials who work on the Guantanamo issue say administration lawyers have become concerned that they would face significant obstacles to trying some terrorism suspects in federal courts .
Judges might make it difficult to prosecute detainees who were subjected to brutal treatment or for prosecutors to use hearsay evidence gathered by intelligence agencies . ”
A serious flaw in the criminal justice system , it appears .
Creating Terrorists
There is still much debate about whether torture has been effective in eliciting information — the assumption being , apparently , that if it is effective , then it may be justified .
By the same argument , when Nicaragua captured U.S. pilot Eugene Hasenfuss in 1986 , after shooting down his plane delivering aid to U.S. - supported Contra forces , they should not have tried him , found him guilty , and then sent him back to the U.S. , as they did .
Instead , they should have applied the CIA torture paradigm to try to extract information about other terrorist atrocities being planned and implemented in Washington , no small matter for a tiny , impoverished country under terrorist attack by the global superpower .
By the same standards , if the Nicaraguans had been able to capture the chief terrorism coordinator , John Negroponte , then U.S. ambassador in Honduras ( later appointed as the first Director of National Intelligence , essentially counterterrorism czar , without eliciting a murmur ) , they should have done the same .
Cuba would have been justified in acting similarly , had the Castro government been able to lay hands on the Kennedy brothers .
There is no need to bring up what their victims should have done to Henry Kissinger , Ronald Reagan , and other leading terrorist commanders , whose exploits leave al - Qaeda in the dust , and who doubtless had ample information that could have prevented further “ ticking bomb ” attacks .
Such considerations never seem to arise in public discussion .
There is , to be sure , a response : our terrorism , even if surely terrorism , is benign , deriving as it does from the city on the hill .
Perhaps culpability would be greater , by prevailing moral standards , if it were discovered that Bush administration torture had cost American lives .
That is , in fact , the conclusion drawn by Major Matthew Alexander [ a pseudonym ] , one of the most seasoned U.S. interrogators in Iraq , who elicited “ the information that led to the US military being able to locate Abu Musab al - Zarqawi , the head of al - Qa’ida in Iraq , ” correspondent Patrick Cockburn reports .
Alexander expresses only contempt for the Bush administration ’s harsh interrogation methods : “ The use of torture by the U.S. , ” he believes , not only elicits no useful information but “ has proved so counter - productive that it may have led to the death of as many U.S. soldiers as civilians killed in 9/11 . ”
From hundreds of interrogations , Alexander discovered that foreign fighters came to Iraq in reaction to the abuses at Guantanamo and Abu Ghraib , and that they and their domestic allies turned to suicide bombing and other terrorist acts for the same reasons .
There is also mounting evidence that the torture methods Dick Cheney and Donald Rumsfeld encouraged created terrorists .
One carefully studied case is that of Abdallah al - Ajmi , who was locked up in Guantanamo on the charge of “ engaging in two or three fire fights with the Northern Alliance . ”
He ended up in Afghanistan after having failed to reach Chechnya to fight against the Russians .
After four years of brutal treatment in Guantanamo , he was returned to Kuwait .
He later found his way to Iraq and , in March 2008 , drove a bomb - laden truck into an Iraqi military compound , killing himself and 13 soldiers — “ the single most heinous act of violence committed by a former Guantanamo detainee , ” according to the Washington Post , and according to his lawyer , the direct result of his abusive imprisonment .
All much as a reasonable person would expect .
Unexceptional Americans
Another standard pretext for torture is the context : the “ war on terror ” that Bush declared after 9/11 .
A crime that rendered traditional international law “ quaint ” and “ obsolete ” — so George W. Bush was advised by his legal counsel Alberto Gonzales , later appointed Attorney General .
The doctrine has been widely reiterated in one form or another in commentary and analysis .
The 9/11 attack was doubtless unique in many respects .
One is where the guns were pointing : typically it is in the opposite direction .
In fact , it was the first attack of any consequence on the national territory of the United States since the British burned down Washington in 1814 .
Another unique feature was the scale of terror perpetrated by a non-state actor .
Horrifying as it was , however , it could have been worse .
Suppose that the perpetrators had bombed the White House , killed the president , and established a vicious military dictatorship that killed 50,000 to 100,000 people and tortured 700,000 , set up a huge international terror center that carried out assassinations and helped impose comparable military dictatorships elsewhere , and implemented economic doctrines that so radically dismantled the economy that the state had to virtually take it over a few years later .
That would indeed have been far worse than September 11 , 2001 .
And it happened in Salvador Allende ’s Chile in what Latin Americans often call “ the first 9/11 ” in 1973 .
( The numbers above were changed to per-capita U.S. equivalents , a realistic way of measuring crimes . )
Responsibility for the military coup against Allende can be traced straight back to Washington .
Accordingly , the otherwise quite appropriate analogy is out of consciousness here in the U.S. , while the facts are consigned to the “ abuse of reality ” that the naïve call “ history . ”
It should also be recalled that Bush did not declare the “ war on terror , ” he re-declared it .
Twenty years earlier , President Reagan ’s administration came into office declaring that a centerpiece of its foreign policy would be a war on terror , “ the plague of the modern age ” and “ a return to barbarism in our time ” — to sample the fevered rhetoric of the day .
That first U.S. war on terror has also been deleted from historical consciousness , because the outcome cannot readily be incorporated into the canon : hundreds of thousands slaughtered in the ruined countries of Central America and many more elsewhere , among them an estimated 1.5 million dead in the terrorist wars sponsored in neighboring countries by Reagan ’s favored ally , apartheid South Africa , which had to defend itself from Nelson Mandela ’s African National Congress ( ANC ) , one of the world ’s “ more notorious terrorist groups , ” as Washington determined in 1988 .
In fairness , it should be added that , 20 years later , Congress voted to remove the ANC from the list of terrorist organizations , so that Mandela is now , at last , able to enter the U.S. without obtaining a waiver from the government .
The reigning doctrine of the country is sometimes called “ American exceptionalism . ”
It is nothing of the sort .
It is probably close to a universal habit among imperial powers .
France was hailing its “ civilizing mission ” in its colonies , while the French Minister of War called for “ exterminating the indigenous population ” of Algeria .
Britain ’s nobility was a “ novelty in the world , ” John Stuart Mill declared , while urging that this angelic power delay no longer in completing its liberation of India .
Similarly , there is no reason to doubt the sincerity of Japanese militarists in the 1930s , who were bringing an “ earthly paradise ” to China under benign Japanese tutelage , as they carried out the rape of Nanking and their “ burn all , loot all , kill all ” campaigns in rural North China .
History is replete with similar glorious episodes .
As long as such “ exceptionalist ” theses remain firmly implanted , however , the occasional revelations of the “ abuse of history ” often backfire , serving only to efface terrible crimes .
The My Lai massacre was a mere footnote to the vastly greater atrocities of the post - Tet pacification programs , ignored while indignation in this country was largely focused on this single crime .
Watergate was doubtless criminal , but the furor over it displaced incomparably worse crimes at home and abroad , including the FBI - organized assassination of black organizer Fred Hampton as part of the infamous COINTELPRO repression , or the bombing of Cambodia , to mention just two egregious examples .
Torture is hideous enough ; the invasion of Iraq was a far worse crime .
Quite commonly , selective atrocities have this function .
Historical amnesia is a dangerous phenomenon , not only because it undermines moral and intellectual integrity , but also because it lays the groundwork for crimes that still lie ahead .
Noam Chomsky is Institute Professor ( retired ) at MIT .
He is the author of many books and articles on international affairs and social - political issues , and a long - time participant in activist movements .
© 2009 Noam Chomsky
FAIR USE NOTICE :
This blog may contain copyrighted material .
Such material is made available for educational purposes , to advance understanding of human rights , democracy , scientific , moral , ethical , and social justice issues , etc .
This constitutes a ‘ fair use ’ of any such copyrighted material as provided for in Title 17 U.S.C. section 107 of the US Copyright Law .
In accordance with Title 17 U.S.C.
Section 107 , the material on this site is distributed without profit to those who have expressed a prior interest in receiving the included information for research and educational purposes .
If you wish to use copyrighted material from this site for purposes of your own that go beyond ‘ fair use ’ , you must obtain permission from the copyright owner .
see
Does Obama recycle George W. Bushs plans ?
Chomsky interview
Ray McGovern : Who ’s afraid of the CIA ?
Anti-torture Coalition Files Disciplinary Complaints Against 12 Bush Administration Lawyers by Andy Worthington
Torture used to fabricate false case to invade Iraq +
Cheney Ordered Torture For War
Torture ?
It probably killed more Americans than 9/11
CIA Torture Began In Afghanistan Eight Months before Justice Department Approval by Andy Worthington
Torture Whitewash From The Dark Side By Pepe Escobar
US President Barack Obama expects to discuss a broad agenda of mutually beneficial projects during his visit to Moscow next week , his aides have revealed .
Money / Eccentric Russian businessman leads return to gold standard German Sterligov , modern Russia 's first millionaire , is spearheading an effort to use gold to avoid the current instability of the world economic system .
Politics / Russia opposes international sanctions against Iran The Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs has opposed international sanctions on Iran for the political fallout after recent presidential elections , the Ministry has said .
Society / Mobile church on the move with Russian Army Russian Orthodox soldiers ' spiritual needs have not been overlooked by the Army .
A new mobile church has been designed to bring religion to " the farthest military units and subdivisions in the most severe climatic zones and inaccessible locations . "
Weird news /
Feral girl brought up by mongrels in Russia A six year old girl has been taken from her grandmother ’s backyard , where she was taken care of by dogs .
Politics / President Medvedev says Russia ready for effective relations with US Russia is ready to build effective relations with the United States in response to US President Barack Obama 's willingness to improve ties , President Dmitry Medvedev has said .
Politics / Russian security forces burn down Chechens ’ homes in punitive raids - HRW Echoing a recent report by Amnesty International , another human rights group has accused Russian security forces of burning down Chechens ' houses to intimidate or punish them .
A Saudi Arabian princess who had an illegitimate child with a British man has secretly been granted asylum in this country after she claimed she would face the death penalty if she were forced to return home .
The young woman , who has been granted anonymity by the courts , won her claim for refugee status after telling a judge that her adulterous affair made her liable to death by stoning .
Her case is one of a small number of claims for asylum brought by citizens of Saudi Arabia which are not openly acknowledged by either government .
British diplomats believe that to do so would in effect be to highlight the persecution of women in Saudi Arabia , which would be viewed as open criticism of the House of Saud and lead to embarrassing publicity for both governments .
The woman , who comes from a very wealthy Saudi family , says she met her English boyfriend – who is not a Muslim – during a visit to London .
They struck up a relationship .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
She became pregnant the following year and worried that her elderly husband – a member of the Royal Family of Saudi Arabia – had become suspicious of her behaviour , she persuaded him to let her visit the UK again to give birth in secret .
She feared for her life if she returned to Saudi Arabia .
She persuaded the court that if she returned to the Gulf state she and her child would be subject to capital punishment under Sharia law – specifically flogging and stoning to death .
She was also worried about the possibility of an honour killing .
Since she fled Saudi Arabia , her family and her husband 's family have broken off contact with her .
The woman has been granted permanent leave to remain in the UK after the Immigration and Asylum tribunal allowed her appeal .
The Home Office yesterday declined to discuss the case .
A spokesman for the Royal Embassy of Saudi Arabia in London said that he would call back but subsequently became unavailable .
Relations between the UK and Saudi Arabia have been strained in recent years and were brought to a head in 2006 when Tony Blair intervened to end a Serious Fraud Office ( SFO ) inquiry into alleged kickbacks paid in a multibillion military aircraft deal between the two states .
The Saudi royal family was deeply concerned about the idea that the investigators might try o open up their Swiss bank accounts , it was alleged at the time .
This led the Saudis to threaten to restrict the sharing of intelligence relating to terror activity if the prosecution went ahead .
They also threatened to pull out of other highly - lucrative arms deals .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Last year , the House of Lords ruled that the SFO 's decision to drop the corruption investigation into the £ 43 bn Saudi arms deal with BAE Systems was unlawful .
In a hard - hitting ruling , two High Court judges described the SFO 's decision as " an outrage " .
One of them , Lord Justice Moses , said the SFO and the Government had given into " blatant threats " that Saudi intelligence co-operation would end unless the probe into corruption was halted .
" No one , whether within this country or outside , is entitled to interfere with the course of our justice , " he said .
" It is the failure of government and the defendant to bear that essential principle in mind that justifies the intervention of this court . "
The Middle East state has been shrouded in controversy over oppressive policies against women and homosexuals .
Secrecy surrounds much of the Saudi legal system , but in a recent report on the use of the death penalty in the kingdom , the human rights group Amnesty International highlighted its extensive use against men and women .
Adulterers face public stonings and floggings and , in the most serious cases , beheadings and hangings .
The high numbers of executions in Saudi Arabia in 2007 continued into 2008 .
There were at least 102 executions of men and women last year – at an average rate of two every week .
Amnesty is aware of at least 136 individuals currently awaiting execution .
Last week , Saudi Arabia 's religious police were blamed for the death of two sisters who were murdered in what was deemed an " honour killing " by their brother , after the sisters were arrested for allegedly mixing with men to whom they were not related .
The Society for Defending Women 's Rights in Saudi Arabia said that the religious police had arrested the two sisters , aged 19 and 21 , thus putting their lives in danger .
Their brother shot them dead in front of their father when they left a women 's shelter in Riyadh on 5 July , according to Saudi news reports .
In 2007 , in a case that shocked Saudis , a woman from Qatif was sentenced to 200 lashes and six months in prison after being gang - raped .
She offended cultural expectations because she was unaccompanied when she got into a car with a former boyfriend .
The man had agreed to hand back a photograph of the woman who was about to marry another man , but as they drove along a street they were stopped and seized by seven men who raped them both .
The woman was originally sentenced to 90 lashes but the sentence was increased when she appealed .
Eventually , after an international outcry , she was pardoned .
In 2007 , King Abdullah II of Saudi Arabia was jeered during a state visit to Britain as dozens of demonstrators turned out to protest at his country 's human rights record .
Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger vetoed a Democratic proposal to cut $ 11.4 billion in spending , saying that “ the Legislature must solve the entire [ $ 27 billion ] deficit … and must not push the problem off to tomorrow . ”
With IOUs now a certainty and the state in financial ruin , a prominent Democrat called the governor ’s stance “ the most irresponsible thing that I ’ve seen in my 15 years of public service . ”
San Francisco Chronicle :
The Democratic legislators failed to win over Schwarzenegger with a promise to put together a comprehensive reform package within 60 days — in response to his demand — that would root out fraud in health and social service programs and streamline government .
In his veto message , Schwarzenegger said , “ I have been very clear that the Legislature must solve the entire deficit , must make the hard decisions now , and must not push the problem off to tomorrow . ”
Read more
The most gullible shopper on the planet has to be the first time parent .
Well meaning consumers who at their core are scared senseless .
Chris Ebejer knows this and has developed a line of Babyglow clothing for newborns meant to communicate changes in your baby 's temperature -- the fabric turns white above 37 - C or 98.6 - F. Ebejer claims to have spent 6 years and more than a million dollars to perfect the fabric -- sure , even though similar , if not exactly the same tech has been around in novelty - Tees for the last 20 years .
How much does a single bodysuit cost ?
Try £ 20 or about $ 33 per .
Are you really going to trust this man with your treasure , be it carbon or gold ? [ Via Gizmodiva
By Andy Dangerfield
BBC News
The burlesque scene has enjoyed a revival in recent years but that could all come to an end with plans that may see it treated as simple strip joints .
Is there really much of a distinction anyway ?
She spins around a pole in her lingerie .
Twisting seductively , she gives a mischievous smile to the transfixed crowd .
She winks .
Then she removes her stockings and bra .
You may be forgiven for thinking you are surrounded by rowdy men in a strip - joint .
But you look around and it is mainly couples and groups of girls in the crowd .
It has been a night of glamour , theatre and comedy .
A night of burlesque .
The burlesque scene has been revived in recent years .
London now hosts an annual burlesque festival and Glasgow 's Club Noir is the world 's biggest burlesque club , attracting up to 2,000 people a night .
Showgirl Dita Von
Teese performed at the recent Eurovision Song Contest
But burlesque performers are worried their renaissance could be about to come to an abrupt end .
Some argue that burlesque is no more than stripping with an artistic bent .
They say it objectifies women and needs tighter regulation .
That could be on the cards .
Later this year , under the proposed Policing and Crime Bill , clubs hosting burlesque nights might have to apply for a sexual encounter entertainment licence or shut down .
Burlesque dancers fear clubs may stop hosting them to avoid the stigma that comes with a sex licence .
Performers are planning protests to defend their work , saying it is performance art , not sex .
' Desire to shock ' " It 's more the art of tease than the art of strip , " says burlesque performer Ruby Rose .
" Nights involve humour , satire , theatre and vintage clothing .
There 's often a story line running through the act . "
In fact , in its original form , burlesque contained no strip at all .
In 17th century Europe , burlesque was theatre that appealed to working class values and parodied the politics of the upper classes .
GLOSSARY OF BURLESQUE Neo-Burlesque : A wide range of performance styles , from classic striptease to modern dance , from satirical comedy to theatrical mini-dramas American Burlesque : Originated in 19th Century music hall entertainment .
In the early 20th Century it re-emerged as a populist blend of comedy , theatre and striptease Male Burlesque : Acts who have become popular in recent years include Bearlesque and the Dream Bears Guerrilla Burlesque :
When a burlesque act happens spontaneously at a show , or when burlesque performers descend upon a show uninvited Only in 20th century America , did striptease become its main attraction .
And it is this American form of burlesque that has been most influential in recent years .
Feminist journalist Laurie Penny performed with a burlesque troop at the 2005 Edinburgh Festival and says a show that started out being about politics , gradually became about stripping .
" As we became more successful , greater emphasis was put on the sexual side of our performance , " she says .
So behind the glamour , glitter and feathers , is burlesque becoming more about the desire to shock than tease ?
" When I was in the business , total nudity was frowned upon , " says Penny .
" But now you see it a lot . "
With acts like Empress Stah offering full - frontal flashing , there is perhaps a fine line between strip and burlesque .
" Some club owners may think ' let 's have a burlesque night .
We 'll put some strippers in corsets , ' " says Penny .
And if some burlesque nights are no more than vintage - veiled strip , should they be licensed too ?
Some argue that without proper licensing , areas around clubs could become no - go zones for women .
" If clubs promote the view that it 's acceptable to treat females as sex objects , women may experience intimidation outside the clubs , " says Kat Banyard , of the feminist group the Fawcett Society .
' Absurd '
But burlesque nights generally draw a different crowd to a typical standard strip club .
" Burlesque simply does n't attract a drunk , leering , all - male audience , " says Ruby Rose .
Immodesty Blaze is one of the UK's top burlesque performers Alex Proud , who ran a burlesque show at the Be club night in London 's Camden for three years describes a typical crowd as : " Teens to 40s , 60 % female . "
But last month , Camden council told Proud to stop burlesque nights , until he applied for the same licence as lap dancing clubs .
" It 's absurd , " says Proud .
" Dancers can go onstage in an outfit but not take their clothes off to get to that outfit . "
Since burlesque performances were halted , he has employed go - go dancers in an effort to maintain the erotic vibe while ensuring there 's no disrobing .
" They 're aimed at men and far more sexual and than burlesque .
It 's disappointing but we do n't have many options , " he says .
' Sex - objects '
Proud thinks women enjoy watching burlesque because they can relate to dancers with normal - shaped bodies .
" The performers do n't have bodies out of fashion magazines , " he says .
" Women enjoy it because they see it as empowerment .
It 's about them regaining their own sexuality and enjoying it . "
I 'll go dressed in stockings and a top hat , and never feel threatened
Tricia Cox , 28 , burlesque regular
But others argue that , regardless of the performer 's body - shape , being prepared to strip down to barely anything , is far from empowering .
" I do n't think the ultimate symbol of feminist empowerment is for women of any size to be sex - objects , " says Penny .
" A lot of people start burlesque for their confidence .
But confidence should be more than the power to get your breasts out . "
Maybe the difference between burlesque and stripping is down to the sort of people who tend to practise it .
Given the expensive vintage costumes and extravagant props , burlesque is certainly not for those on a tight budget .
" It attracts middle - class women , who do it for fun , " says Penny .
For now at least , the corsets continue to be unfastened and tassels remain in full swing .
" I 'll go dressed in stockings and a top hat , and never feel threatened , " says Tricia Cox , 28 , a burlesque regular .
" I 've never even seen a stag do at a burlesque night , " she adds .
" But the odd girls ' night out can get a bit rowdy . "
Below is a selection of your comments .
Having been to a couple of shows in town with my wife it is about the fun and the story behind the acts , the audience going along in vintage gear to add to the fun
There are often comedy , poetry and musical acts giving a very mixed bag and always a humorous compere and a chance to boogie after the show .
There are male performers too like Ed Muir who ( with incredible skill and acrobatics ) does a very funny diet coke style routine ( and many more ) that had the audience laughing until they had tears .
This type of audience will not be objectifying women most of them have their wives and girlfriends there too .
The fans become a community and friends take a look at the Ministry Of Burlesque website .
People who jump on the whole idea obviously have n't been along to see a show for themselves and in my opinion simply dislike the idea of other people having fun .
D Wallace , Edinburgh I 've got a few friends who are burlesque dancers - one of whom is male .
I think the key difference is that burlesque dancers do it because they love it .
It 's a hobby , it 's fun , they feel sexy and empowered .
Stripping , on the other hand , is generally just a job .
You do n't see any burlesque dancers getting money stuffed down their underwear .
John Thomson , London , England I'm into the 1950's ' rockabilly ' scene and the last few years many gigs have featured burlesque acts .
There is always great deal more interest from the female members watching as they are all interested in the clothing the dancers wear !
It 's not about stripping , rather it 's bringing back a touch of retro 40s / 50s glamour back .
Adrian Coombs - Hoar , Margate , England I organised a stag do at a burlesque night a few years back , but only because the groom - to - be fancied a go at being one of the acts .
He then set up a successful part time stint as burlesque act Lord Dashwood , stripping down to stockings and corsets and what not .
He 's retired now because he and his wife have a son .
But that sort of thing does n't happen at Stringfellows .
Probably .
I 've never been to Stringfellows .
Jim , London
It may be Penny 's opinion that burlesque creates women into sex - objects but it not a fact , where is her evidence ?
However surely the exposure , to the comfort of the individual , of their body , regardless of their sex , is an act of empowerment within society .
I think a lot of ' feminists ' are actually prudes who would see us all ( men and women ) trailing around in something close to a burkha so that no one can make any distinction between individuals .
Vive La Difference !
Caroline Corfield , Cramlington " Women enjoy it because they see it as empowerment .
It 's about them regaining their own sexuality and enjoying it . "
Those words could have come from me .
I have tried to describe burlesque to so many who see it as another strip act .
Whenever I have been to a burlesque performance the majority of the audience are women !
Lauren C. Waterworth , Halifax , UK I 'm sorry , but of course burlesque dancing is stripping .
The argument here is just about the extent to which this form of stripping can be considered art .
Yes , it 's a world away from the seedy bar full of lecherous men everyone here is rightly trying to distance it from ; but do n't kid yourself , it 's closer to stripping than it is to ballet .
Joe , Edinburgh
It 's a tricky one .
On one hand , it 's great to see an activity that challenges the narrow - minded views of religious and feminist conservatives growing in popularity .
On the other hand , you can't really license burlesque nights differently to lap - dancing clubs just because the people in the audience are nicer , or because the dancers are wearing vintage costumes .
Unfortunately , the law takes no account of taste !
Dave , Leicester Perhaps
I 'm old - fashioned , but it 's still taking your clothes off for money , however vintage those clothes are .
Sarah , Reading , UK Having recently attended a Burlesque Revue , I can honestly say that while there is teasing going on , there is no sexual objectification .
The dancers are absolute professionals and are attempting to re-create a vintage mood .
Half the performance was other forms of entertainment in the Burlesque retinue , such as comedic singing and satire , and the atmosphere cycled between wonderment at the beauty of the dance and hilarity at the comedy .
I have been to a strip club for a friend 's stag do , and assure you that Burlesque is art , whilst the strip club is ' sex for sale ' .
The strip club had an undertone of sadness and depravity , whereas the Burlesque performers loved what they were doing and have talent .
Ads , Croydon
Thanks to another feminist taking things one step too far and giving the rest of us a bad name !
The issue here seems to be a lack of understanding as to exactly what burlesque is which , sadly , seems to be the case with most of these opinions .
Clare , portsmouth I am a regular frequenter of the burlesque scene , and whilst removal of clothes does go on , I can vouch for the fact that it is completely different to the removal of clothes in a strip club .
For starters , the vast majority of burlesque performers keep their modesty intact with psties and g- strings , so what is exposed is little more than you would see on a beach .
Secondly , most burlesque lovers are very into the fashion and styling of the artistes , so the shows are very much about paradinh exquisite fully fashioned stockings , corsets , hats , fans and other wonderful props .
In that sense , it is theatrical .
I agree with the comments that it is largely a middle class form of entertainment - it is intelligent , underpinned by history , classy , usually meticulously choreographed and attracts fans that would never dream of braying like sex - starved animals .
Helen , London Working class girl takes off cheap clothes - tarty .
Middle class girl takes off expensive clothes - arty .
Regulate neither , or both .
DG , Newport , UK
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The final episode of “ Late World ” was a party to celebrate the show ’s cancellation .
“ To me , it was very funny to play the part of the ungracious , ungrateful host , ” Galifianakis told me .
“ I did n’t want to be there , so I decided to use that as my material . ”
When the reality of what happened began to sink in , however , and new roles proved scarce , his equanimity began to suffer .
“ Once you have a show , and it fails , people see you as a has - been , and that ’s it , ” he confessed .
“ The general attitude , from everyone around me , was ‘ You blew it . ’
I just had that feeling , like I was a wash - up pretty early . ”
Galifianakis spent the next few years performing where he could , taking the occasional acting role , even auditioning for game shows .
When I asked whether the transition was hard , Galifianakis fell uncharacteristically silent .
“ When you go from having your own talk show to doing stand - up in a bowling alley , ” he said finally , “ you can react by getting mad or depressed , or by just going away , like people expect you to . ”
He took in a slow , thoughtful breath .
“ I reacted by growing my beard . ”
Galifianakis ’s beard has since become indispensable , both as source material for his jokes —
“ When you look like I do , it ’s hard to get a table for one at Chuck E. Cheese ” — and as a symbol of sorts to his burgeoning fan base of young hipsters , many of whom are defiantly furry themselves .
It also seems to have made him funnier .
Distinctive hair , facial or otherwise , is nothing new in comedy — Chaplin ’s mustache , Andrew Dice Clay ’s sideburns , Carrot Top ’s carrot top — but in Galifianakis ’s case , it actually serves as an organizing principle for his career , a useful dividing line between his formative and mature periods .
The less hirsute Galifianakis of “ Late World With Zach , ” “ Boston Common ” and “ Tru Calling , ” was a talented wisecrack , a perpetual adolescent , smirking his way through the conventional stations of showbiz ; the post - “ Late World , ” fully bearded Galifianakis plies much stranger waters , and he has adjusted his exterior to match .
The beard lends him a subtly beatnik air , a link to the first generation of stand - up iconoclasts , like Lord Buckley and Lenny Bruce ; at the same time , it gives him a professorial quality — dare I call it a gravitas ? — that makes his more meatheaded material jarringly effective .
Galifianakis himself put it more succinctly : “ I look like a homeless guy now .
People seem to appreciate that . ”
One of the people who appreciated it was Kanye West , who saw Galifianakis perform at a Hollywood club called Largo in 2007 .
“ I was doing a bit about how much I hate celebrity egos , and that seemed to resonate with him , for some reason , ” said Galifianakis , with a barely perceptible grin .
“ He asked me to do a video for him , and I said yes , with one condition : I just go off by myself and shoot it , and he does n’t get to look at it until it ’s done . ”
To everyone ’s surprise , West agreed .
The resulting video , in which Galifianakis and the indie - folk icon Will Oldham drive a tractor around a cornfield while lip - synching West ’s hit single “ Ca n’t Tell Me Nothing , ” has been viewed nearly half a million times .
“ I was n’t sure what Kanye would think of it , to be honest , ” Galifianakis said .
“ But his response was perfect , considering how we ’d first met .
He said it was the best video he ’d ever made . ”
The pint - size orange tractor that Galifianakis and Oldham frolic on in Kanye ’s video sits at his farm in the mountains of North Carolina , not far from the Virginia border .
When I met him there one damp , sunny morning in March , we took it for a spin — moving at a tortoiselike pace , perhaps to make the property seem bigger , perhaps because it ’s as fast as the tractor can go .
I balanced somewhat precariously on the tractor ’s rear fender , and every so often a sudden lurch threatened to plant me facedown in the mud .
“ This tractor is painfully slow , but whenever you let your guard down , it screws you , ” Galifianakis yelled over the whine of the engine .
“ My comedy is like that .
You can put that in your article , if you want . ”
He was dressed like a gentleman farmer , in boots and a herringbone blazer , but his enthusiasm made him seem like a 12 - year - old boy .
“ We ’ve just passed through Lower Lickbottom , ” he said grandly , gesturing at a clump of pines behind us .
“ And straight ahead is Pondoleezza Rice . ”
An abundance of puns is not the only surprise in store for visitors to Galifianakis ’s farm .
Here in the country , his beard carries an altogether different set of associations — less “ Pull My Daisy , ” more “ Deliverance ” — and his demeanor seems to change subtly to match .
His relationship to his home state is a complicated one ( he refers to a nearby town , for example , as “ the mouth - breathing capital of the world ” ) , but Galifianakis , whose father moved to the U.S. from Greece at the age of 3 , has a traditional side that the hill country brings to the fore .
“ I ’d spend all my time here , if I could , ” he told me , heaving a yeomanly sigh .
“ It would make my parents happy , for one thing .
I pitched a sitcom once that would have been shot in the next town over , where they ’ve got a racetrack for lawn mowers .
It would have been a great show , based on stuff that actually happens around here . ”
I asked what happened to the sitcom idea .
“ I could n’t get anybody interested back then , ” he said , shrugging his shoulders .
“ Maybe these days I ’d have better luck . ”
Fortune does seem to be smiling on Galifianakis these days , but he has always been interested in seeing exactly how much he can get away with .
The subject of race , a favorite since his stint as the effeminate redneck in high school , has remained a staple of Galifianakis ’s stand - up , both because of his small - town Southern background ( always fertile ground for comedy ) and because of its status as the great American taboo .
“ It ’s not a selfless thing , ” he told me .
“ Wherever there ’s something that people do n’t feel comfortable talking about , that ’s where the good jokes are .
People might misunderstand you , but I decided , right after my show was canceled , never to dumb my material down for anybody .
A bad comic follows his audience , catering to whatever they want ; a good comic will always lead . ”
Galifianakis is especially proud of “ Apology , ” a two - part bait - and - switch routine he developed a few years earlier .
Several years back , performing at a dinner theater in L.A. , Galifianakis delivered the following one - liner : “ When I get drunk , sometimes my Southern accent comes out , and I say words like ‘ y ’all ’ . . . and ‘ nigger . ’ ” It went over the way his jokes tend to : an instant of silence , then loud , slightly horrified laughter , sprinkled with the occasional boo .
Then it became something more .
“ The audience was getting very upset — people in the crowd were yelling , ‘ You ’re a racist , ’ ” Galifianakis told me .
At this point , he interrupted his act to address a young black woman sitting in the front row .
“ I said , ‘ I want to publicly apologize for this joke , ’ ” Galifianakis told me .
“ I brought the woman up onstage , and I began to read an apology I ’d written out , to the tune of Michael Jackson ’s ‘ Black or White . ’
Halfway through it , another black woman came out from backstage , and we did an elaborate dance routine together .
That was the close of the show . ”
Nach Angaben des Meinungsforschungsunternehmens infratest dimap befürworten 92 Prozent der deutschen Bevölkerung die Sperrung kinderpornografischer Seiten im Internet .
Lediglich acht Prozent sprachen sich gegen das entsprechende Gesetzesvorhaben der Bundesregierung aus .
Die Meinungsforscher hatten am 12 . und 13 .
Mai dieses Jahres in einer Zufallsstichprobe 1000 Wahlberechtigte telefonisch befragt .
Erhoben wurden die Daten im Auftrag der Deutschen Kinderhilfe .
Für deren Chef Georg Ehrmann bestätigt das Ergebnis laut der Zeitung Welt am Sonntag , " dass es sich bei den Unterschreibern der Online - Petition um Internetliebhaber , Blogger , im Grunde also um eine Minderheit handelt – wenn auch eine gut organisierte " .
Nach gut zwei Wochen haben rund 85.000 Bürger die Petition gegen die " Indizierung und Sperrung von Internetseiten " online unterzeichnet .
Die Initiatoren des Arbeitskreises gegen Internet - Sperren und Zensur ( AK Zensur ) betonten heute als Antwort auf Ehrmann in einer Pressemitteilung , die Kritik an den Plänen der Bundesregierung komme " aus der Mitte der Bevölkerung " .
Dass sich in Umfragen eine überwältigende Mehrheit der Bundesbürger für eine Sperrung kinderpornographischer Seiten ausspricht , sei dazu kein Widerspruch .
" Vielen Mitbürgern ist noch nicht bewusst , dass die so genannten Sperren , wie sie im Gesetzentwurf vorgesehen sind , tatsächlich nur Sichtblenden darstellen , während die inkriminierten Seiten bei minimalem Mehraufwand und ohne nennenswerte Vorkenntnisse weiterhin erreichbar bleiben " , betonte Alvar Freude für den AK Zensur .
Derweil lässt eine eine für den vergangenen Freitag angekündigte Stellungnahme für die Einrichtung von Internetsperren auf sich warten .
Darin wollten der Deutsche Kinderschutzbund , der Videotheken - Verband IVD , die Kinderschutzinitiative Ecpat und die Kinderschützer von Innocence in Danger gemeinsam für eine Verabschiedung des geplanten Gesetzes , aber auch für einige Änderungen am vorliegenden Entwurf plädieren .
Auf Nachfrage von heise online wollte Jörg Weinrich , Vorstand beim federführenden IVD , keinen neuen Termin für die Veröffentlichung der Mitteilung nennen .
Zum wiederholten Male forderte stattdessen heute die Gesellschaft für Informatik e.V. ( GI ) die Strafverfolgungsbehörden nachdrücklich auf , " Straftäter gem . § 184 b des Strafgesetzbuches ( StGB ) ' Verbreitung , Erwerb und Besitz kinderpornografischer Schriften ' wirksam zu verfolgen " .
Stellvertretend für ihre rund 24.500 Mitglieder appellierte die GI an die Bundestagsparteien , " das allein dem Wahlkampf geschuldete Änderungsgesetz abzulehnen " .
Die GI sei der Überzeugung , " dass Sperrungen von WWW - Adressen nicht nur wenig hilfreich , sondern überwiegend schädlich sind . " ( hob )
Before you read / listen to “ If You Can Read This I Can Prove God Exists , ” read THIS first .
( 700 words – 2 minutes ) – then come back and continue reading .
Thanks .
I ’m author of the book Industrial Ethernet published by ISA , now in its 2nd edition , and have written many dozens of magazine articles and white papers on computer networks .
Now you may ask , what do computers have to do with DNA and all those endless arguments about intelligent design ?
Actually , a lot .
Just like all those 1’s and 0’s that make our modern world go ‘ round , DNA is also a digital communication system .
All the same formulas and communication theory that created our modern digital age apply to DNA too .
In fact many methods that are commonplace in the information technology field have been adapted and applied to genetics research and the Human Genome Project .
Now , discover what our knowledge of modern communication systems now tells us about the Origins Debate .
Listen to “ If you can read this , I can prove God exists ” by Perry Marshall
Download the full presentation in MP3 ( 74 minutes , 13 Meg )
Or Listen on your Computer with the Player Below
Download Power Point in Adobe PDF
Read Transcript –
Download Printable Version in PDF
Executive Summary :
Part 1 : Language , Information , and the Origin of DNA ( Read Transcript )
Most arguments about evolution and intelligent design offer only anecdotal evidence and are inherently incapable of actually proving anything .
We must get better evidence in order to get to the bottom of this !
Fortunately , the science of modern communications easily provides us with the tools we need to get answers .
Although the details are complex , the concepts are easily grasped by anyone with a high school education .
Patterns occur naturally – no help required from a ‘ designer ’ .
Many patterns occur in nature without the help of a designer – snowflakes , tornados , hurricanes , sand dunes , stalactites , rivers and ocean waves .
These patterns are the natural result of what scientists categorize as chaos and fractals .
These things are well - understood and we experience them every day .
Codes , however , do not occur without a designer .
Examples of symbolic codes include music , blueprints , languages like English and Chinese , computer programs , and yes , DNA .
The essential distinction is the difference between a pattern and a code .
Chaos can produce patterns , but it has never been shown to produce codes or symbols .
Codes and symbols store information , which is not a property of matter and energy alone .
Information itself is a separate entity on par with matter and energy .
Proof that DNA was designed by a mind : ( 1 ) DNA is not merely a molecule with a pattern ; it is a code , a language , and an information storage mechanism .
( 2 ) All codes we know the origin of are created by a conscious mind .
( 3 ) Therefore DNA was designed by a mind , and language and information are proof of the action of a Superintelligence .
We can explore five possible conclusions :
1 ) Humans designed DNA
2 ) Aliens designed DNA
3 ) DNA occurred randomly and spontaneously
4 ) There must be some undiscovered law of physics that creates information
5 ) DNA was Designed by a Superintelligence , i.e. God .
( 1 ) requires time travel or infinite generations of humans .
( 2 ) could well be true but only pushes the question back in time .
( 3 ) may be a remote possibility , but it ’s not a scientific explanation in that it does n’t refer to a systematic , repeatable process .
It ’s nothing more than an appeal to luck .
( 4 ) could be true but no one can form a testable hypothesis until someone observes a naturally occurring code .
So the only systematic explanation that remains is ( 5 ) a theological one .
To the extent that scientific reasoning can prove anything , DNA is proof of a designer .
Part 2 : A Christian and an Atheist Go the Zoo
( Read Transcript )
“ Did the Antelope evolve into the Giraffe ? ” According to Darwinian evolution , the necessities of the environment , random mutation and natural selection working together caused the antelope to grow a longer neck and become a giraffe .
OK , then what does communication theory say about that hypothesis ?
Natural Selection is perfectly valid and has been proven time and time again .
But most people will be very surprised to discover that no one has ever actually demonstrated that random mutation can create new information .
Information theory shows us why this is so :
In communication systems , Random Mutation is exactly the same as noise , and noise always destroys the signal , never enhances it .
In communication systems this is called information entropy , and the formula for information entropy is exactly the same as thermodynamic entropy .
Once lost , the information can never be recovered , much less enhanced .
Thus we can be 100 % certain that random mutation is not the source of biodiversity .
A tool is provided , www.RandomMutation.com, that allows you to experiment and see for yourself that random mutation always destroys information , never enhances it .
This observation is also confirmed biologically by Theodosius Dobzhansky ’s fruit fly radiation experiments , Goldschmidt ’s gypsy moth experiments , and others .
Decades of research were conducted in the early 20 th century , bombarding fruit flies and moths with radiation in hope of mutating their DNA and producing improved creatures .
These experiments were a total failure – there were no observed improvements – only weak , sickly , deformed fruit flies .
Giraffes may have evolved from antelopes – I never said that could n’t happen , and I remain open to the possibility that it did .
But it certainly was n’t because of Random Mutation !
We have proof that life on planet earth was designed by a mind – and that if life did evolve , the capacity to evolve had to be designed in .
The word “ Evolution ” in the English language always refers to an intelligent process ( in business , society , technology etc. ) and the only usage in which it allegedly does n’t is naturalistic Darwinian evolution .
But communication theory shows us that Evolution by Random Process is a hypothesis without proof .
Finally this presentation concludes with a brief observation :
There is an interesting correspondence between Judeo - Christian theology and modern information theory , the statement words and language are the essence of creation : “ And God said …
In the beginning was the WORD ; ” that the worlds were
spoken into existence .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Graffiti artist Banksy has pulled off an audacious stunt amid tight secrecy to stage his biggest ever exhibition .
A burned - out ice - cream van is among 100 works Banksy has installed at Bristol 's museum , replacing many of the museum 's regular artefacts .
The reason the museum was closed was kept secret from top council officials .
Banksy said : " This is the first show I 've ever done where taxpayers ' money is being used to hang my pictures up rather than scrape them off . "
Staged in the council - owned City Museum and Art Gallery , Banksy v Bristol Museum features animatronics , installations and a sensory display .
In pictures : Banksy exhibition " This show is my vision of the future , to which many people will say : ' You should have gone to Specsavers ' " , Banksy added .
The exhibition and its location have been a closely - guarded secret since October , with just a couple of museum officials in the loop .
" I think we may have dragged them down to our level rather than being elevated to theirs , " said Banksy of the subterfuge involved in staging the show in his home city .
' Megastar ' Museum director Kate Brindley said it was a huge relief to finally be able to talk about the exhibition , and admitted they had taken a " risk " .
Plans for the summer show were kept from Bristol City Council chiefs until Friday - the day before it was due to open .
THAT WAS SOME SECRET !
Jon Kay , West of England correspondent
Whatever you think of Banksy , his art and his stunts , what he 's done here is pretty extraordinary .
Normally this grand building is home to artefacts and paintings remembering Bristol 's maritime history , but today the Edwardian halls are filled with Banksy 's unique blend of anger and humour .
All this - and hardly anybody knew about it .
Exactly WHO
Banksy is remains shrouded in mystery - we do know he grew up in Bristol , and this free exhibition is said to be his way of thanking and rewarding the city .
Many people are proud of him - he 's become one of Bristol 's most famous ( and notorious ) sons - others are bound to question whether a guy who spent his youth spray - painting walls deserves to be given this platform .
Either way , you 've got to hand it to him - he 's done it again !
Bristol has had a love - hate relationship with Banksy since he started stencilling on the city 's walls in the 1990s .
There is likely to be criticism of the decision to stage an official expo of his work .
" We ran a bit of a risk , " said Ms Brindley , " but we knew that it was just the right thing for the city .
" Equally there 's so many people in Bristol who just love Banksy , and internationally .
He 's a megastar .
" We 're a gallery that wants to work with contemporary artists - he 's our home - grown hero . "
The artist himself was involved in setting up the exhibits and came to the museum to oversee its installation , but staff were unaware who he was among the crew setting up the show .
Although Bristol has seen work by Banksy adorn the city 's walls , this is his first official indoor exhibition in the city since 2000 .
That show was held at the Severnshed restaurant on the waterfront and featured several paintings which have since gone on to sell for thousands of pounds at auction .
Banksy has exhibited in New York , Los Angeles and Bethlehem .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
He became famous after a series of " guerrilla " stunts which saw him paint the West Bank barrier and put an inflatable figure of a Guantanamo Bay prisoner at Disney World .
It was Bristol where he first made his mark though , with a series of graffiti paintings on iconic local buildings such as the city council headquarters , an M32 bridge and the Thekla floating nightclub .
His work has since become highly collectable , and has attracted buyers including Brad Pitt and Robbie Williams .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Geert Wilders has heavy security because of his anti-Koran message
The party of the right - wing Dutch MP , Geert Wilders , has come second in the country 's elections for the European Parliament , partial results indicate .
Mr Wilders , who is facing prosecution over anti-Islamic statements , said his Freedom Party ( PVV ) would get four of the 25 Dutch seats in the parliament .
With more than 92 % of votes counted , the ruling Christian Democrats are top .
Voters are now going to the polls in the Czech Republic and the Republic of Ireland .
The UK voted on Thursday .
Dutch and British voters were the first to go to the polls to elect the EU 's most powerful legislative body .
Some 375 million people in 27 member states are eligible to vote .
Most will cast their ballots over the weekend .
We dare to talk about sensitive subjects like Islamisation and we use plain and simple words that the voter can understand
Geert Wilders
UK votes in MEP and council polls Euro election gets celebrity veneer Partial results released on Friday showed Mr Wilders ' PVV was on course to win 16.9 % of the votes in the Netherlands .
The PVV currently has no seats in the European Parliament .
Mr Wilders was refused entry to the UK in February on the grounds that he had sought to incite hatred with a film he made last year that equated Islam with violence and likened the Koran to Hitler 's Mein Kampf .
EU officials concerned Voters are deciding who gets the 736 seats up for grabs under various forms of proportional representation .
The European Commission has asked for an explanation from Dutch officials , who broke EU rules by releasing partial results early .
Results are not supposed to be announced until polls close across Europe on Sunday night .
In the UK , elections were also held in some areas for local councils .
EU PARLIAMENT ELECTIONS Thursday : UK and Netherlands Friday : Ireland , Czech Republic Saturday : Latvia , Cyprus , Malta , Slovakia , Italy and Czech Republic Sunday : Austria , Belgium , Bulgaria , Denmark , Estonia , Finland , France , Germany , Greece , Hungary , Italy , Lithuania , Luxembourg , Poland , Portugal , Romania , Slovenia , Spain and Sweden
Results from 2000 GMT Sunday
Q&A : European elections 2009
Euro election country - by - country Euro election country results
The results of both UK polls are keenly awaited to see how they might affect the national political scene , following weeks of turmoil over MPs ' expenses claims .
Latvia , Cyprus , Malta and Slovakia vote on Saturday , while the Czech Republic and Italy vote over Friday and Saturday , and Saturday and Sunday respectively .
People in the remaining 18 member states will vote on Sunday .
In Ireland , the vote is seen as a key test ahead of a second referendum on the EU 's controversial Lisbon Treaty , expected in October .
The Irish government , stung by the voters ' rejection of Lisbon last year , is opposed by Declan Ganley 's Libertas .
The millionaire entrepreneur , who helped fuel anti-Lisbon sentiment in Ireland , hopes to win one of the 12 Irish seats .
Coalition ally hit The anti-immigration Dutch Freedom Party MEPs will be headed by Barry Madlener and Mr Wilders will remain an MP in The Hague , Radio Netherlands reports .
The partial results in the Netherlands also showed gains for two staunchly pro-EU parties - the social - liberal D66 and Green Left .
Each is on course to send three MEPs to Brussels .
The Christian Democrats ' governing coalition partner , the Labour Party ( PvdA ) , was the biggest loser - its share of the Dutch vote fell nearly 10 % percentage points to about 14 % .
" We dare to talk about sensitive subjects like Islamisation and we use plain and simple words that the voter can understand , " Mr Wilders has said in the past .
The controversial politician is facing prosecution in the Netherlands for making anti-Islamic statements , following a court ruling in January .
Polls show that Euroscepticism among Dutch voters has increased since the last European elections , with EU enlargement and integration the most unpopular issues .
Across Europe , far - right parties are hoping to win at least 15 seats .
However , the centre - right European People 's Party bloc is expected to remain the main force , followed by the European Socialists .
Are you in the Netherlands ?
What is your reaction to the exit polls indicating gains for the far - right in the European Parliamentary elections ?
Send us your comments using the form below .
Name
Your E-mail address
Town & Country
Phone number ( optional ) :
Comments
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .
Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .
Terms & Conditions
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Indonesia is investigating an internet posting that claims to be from Islamic militant Noordin Top taking responsibility for this month ’s suicide bomb attacks on two luxury hotels in Jakarta , an official said on Wednesday .
The July 17 attacks on the JW Marriott and Ritz - Carlton killed nine and wounded 53 , including Indonesians and foreigners .
Anzeige
Police have yet to identify the perpetrators but suspect that Malaysian - born Top , who heads a splinter group of radical Islamic group Jemaah Islamiah , may have helped plan the attacks .
" We are investigating the blog , we need time to trace it , “ said Gatot Dewa Broto , a spokesman for the information and communications ministry .
The blog , posted on July 26 , said it was from " Tandzim Al Qo’idah Indonesia “ led by Noordin Top .
Anzeige
The statement , in a mix of Indonesian , Malay and Arabic , includes verses from the Koran and said the attacks were a " gift from God “ , carried out after careful planning .
It said the attacks would " soothe the hearts of Muslims who have suffered throughout the world “ .
It also appeared to refer to a business meeting organised by consulting firm CastleAsia and attended by several foreigners that was taking place in the Marriott when the bomber struck .
The meeting included " prominent businessmen and intelligence agents in the American economy “ , it said .
" We want to destroy their strength in this country , those who steal the valuables belonging to Muslims in this country . “
Anzeige
Sidney Jones , a Jakarta - based expert on Islamic militants at the International Crisis Group , said the arguments in the statement were consistent with those Top had used before .
" I think it ’s plausible but I do n’t think we can know for sure .
It certainly reads like a statement that Noordin would write . “
Jones also noted that Top had previously issued a statement claiming responsibility for bombings in Bali in 2005 .
Anzeige
One difference with this statement and the previous one from Top was that it claimed to be from Al Qaeda for Indonesia and not Al Qaeda for the Malay Archipelago , she said .
Back to English News homepage
An Italian senator has demanded the government intervene after a convicted Mafia boss was freed from jail because he was suffering from depression .
Anti-Mafia Commission member Carlo Vizzini called the release of Giacomo Ieni into house arrest " scandalous " .
Ieni had been sentenced to eight years for racketeering , but broke down in tears in front of his parole board , saying he could not take jail any more .
The board ruled that detaining him in hospital would endanger his health .
Being with his family was " indispensable " to Ieni 's well - being , it said , adding that it hoped " the affection of his family will help him recover " .
' Insult '
The ruling by the tribunal in Catania , in eastern Sicily , infuriated prosecutors and politicians alike , who said Ieni was a danger to society .
I wonder at this point what therapy is available to the relatives of those murdered by Mafia bosses whose hands are dripping with blood ?
Senator Carlo Vizzini
" A Mafia boss in a high - security regime gets depressed and is first moved to an infirmary and then sent home in the belief that his family will help get over it , " said Senator Vizzini , a member of Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi's People of Freedom ( PdL ) party .
" I wonder at this point what therapy is available to the relatives of those murdered by Mafia bosses whose hands are dripping with blood ? " he asked .
Another Senator , Gianpaolo Vallardi , said it was an insult and likely to demoralise those risking their lives to fight the Mafia , known as the Cosa Nostra in Sicily .
He called on the justice minister to intervene .
But Ieni's lawyer , Giuseppe Lipera , said it was wrong that his client had been in prison since being arrested three years ago .
Ieni was constantly reduced to tears and had lost ( 25 kg ) 55 lbs in weight , he said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The events of the film unfold over six days and tell about the mysterious journey of a strange man and his two teenage sons who had never seen him before .
Vanya and Andrey , for how long they remember , lived with their mother , who once told them that their father was a pilot .
But one ordinary Monday , dad appears in their house and takes the brothers on a hike to a small island in the middle of a forest lake .
Written by Peter - Patrick76 ( peter-patrick@mail.com )
As you can see this is not another graphic portfolio showcasing my latest projects .
I thought it would be cool to let you decide how I present my talent .
How to do that ?
Simply suggest what illustration I should add to this website to make it more fun .
Just get in touch , share your ideas with me and then watch them take shape .
Enjoy !
OK , so you 're actually interested in my work ?
I have taken part in a great number of projects over the last 15 years covering very different fields of visual design - I 've created websites , illustrations , logos and corporate identities , I 've designed short animations but also worked with large production agencies to create professional product videos .
I can help you define your brand or just design your new business card .
Or I can help you set up and manage your entire in - house design workflow .
Get in touch and let 's see what I can assist you with .
See some of the projects I 've worked on : www.pojeta.cz/portfolio.pdf.
Summit writes
The only source for the story at this time is an exclusive in YNet News , a site with the subtitle " Israel At Your Fingertips . "
Such a radioprotectant would be huge news for Israel .
Make of it what you will .
I 've been fielding some calls from the press about Tor and Iran .
Someone quoted me as saying " double the clients from Iran over the past few days " .
We wondered , what are the real numbers ?
What does our network see from Iran ?
Is port 443 or https :// really blocked ?
Here 's what we 've discovered in the past day of working with the new metrics we 've developed to be safe to collect without compromising anyone 's anonymity .
This first dataset is from one of the Directory Authorities .
We have six authorities , so a plausible scaling factor is 6 , assuming all authorities are seeing equal requests ( it could be more or less than 6 , too ) .
We do n't know if the authorities are seeing equal requests , as they listen on different TCP ports , are located in different parts of the world , and clients will chose one randomly .
This graph roughly shows the number of requests from new Tor clients coming from IP addresses that our geoip database reports as Iran .
UPDATE 2009 - 06 - 24 : Updated the graph with numbers through yesterday
The second dataset is from one Directory Mirror , of which there are hundreds .
This mirror is only accessible on port 443 , which is rumored to be blocked in parts of Iran over the past few days .
The data points in the second graph are very rough , since they 're an estimate of the total number of Tor users in Iran based on numbers from only one relay .
In addition , we looked at some other relays running on port 443 , and they also did n't show anywhere near the spike that we see in the directory authority graph above .
The authority is n't listening on 443 -- perhaps that means there 's some truth to the rumors that port 443 has been blocked recently in Iran .
We look forward to having more precise data later on .
An amateur musician of stunted emotional growth is reluctant to take care of his young nephew , but as his reluctance grows , his other emotions begin to follow to the fore , meaning he may even become a better , more - rounded person .
News
LanguageKit has supported just - in - time ( JIT ) compiling for a while , but in my last commit I added support for just - too - late ( JTL ) compiling too .
The idea behind JIT compilation is that you only generate the executable code just before it 's called .
With JTL compilation , we generate it afterwards .
On the face of it , this is n't very useful .
In practice , applications run more than once , and the second time is now a fair bit faster .
If you 've run Melodie , you 'll have noticed that it takes a while longer to start than most GNUstep / Étoilé applications .
This is because it is parsing all of the Smalltalk code , compiling it to LLVM bitcode , optimising this , and then starting .
If you use the latest Language Kit svn ( note : it needs a very recent LLVM svn build ) , you will notice that the second time you load it , it starts a lot faster .
This is because it 's loading a shared object ( . so ) file that was generated in the background the first time the program ran .
It 's currently quite conservative about regenerating this ; if any framework or source file is modified then it should fall back to the JIT and run the JTL compiler in the background to refresh the cache .
So , as I write this , Melodie is playing my test album ( Bitter Sweet Symphony EP , courtesy of iTunes Plus ) , without having done any compilation .
It does n't even load the code generation bundles , because the code generator is never instantiated ( the bundle with the code generation support is loaded on - demand ) .
The performance is not yet ideal .
In future , the JIT compiler will do some run-time profiling and the JTL compiler will then use the profiled version of the library .
This means that every Étoilé application written in a LanguageKit language ( e.g. Pragmatic Smalltalk or EScript ) will benefit from profiling - driven optimisations , and may even out - perform statically - compiled Objective - C ( although profiled Objective - C is likely to still be faster ) .
There are currently two places where LanguageKit will store the caches ; in the source bundle or in the user 's home directory .
This means that you can benefit from static compilation even when you do n't have write access to the bundle ( e.g. it 's an application installed by root ) .
This is something I 've been meaning to do with Language Kit for a long time , so it 's nice to see it working properly .
Note that this works with all LanguageKit bundles , not just applications .
If you put a plugin in your LKPlugins directory , for example , it will benefit from the same kind of caching .
The Vatican is well versed in conversions , but there probably has n't been something on this scale since its very own St Paul was on his way to Damascus : the world 's smallest country has announced it is to spend € 500 m ( £ 441 m ) building Europe 's largest solar power plant .
Once the 100 - megawatt plant opens in 2014 , the Vatican will become an electricity exporter to Italy supplying enough power for the needs of 40,000 households .
It is latest in a string of pronouncements by the Holy See – or should it now be known as the Holy E ? – that suggests it is serious about improving its environmental legacy .
( Although still no word yet on how it aims to tackle global overpopulation through its policy on forbidding the use of contraception .
Or on whether it 's having second thoughts about the wisdom of launching Vatican Airlines . )
Last year , 2,700 solar panels donated by the German company SolarWorld were installed on the roof of the Paul VI auditorium .
SolarWorld executives have also recently talked about the notion of building a low - carbon , electric popemobile , which a Vatican spokesperson described as a " brilliant idea " .
Although the new solar project will go to public tender , SolarWorld 's chief executive officer Frank Asbeck is reported to have said : " We 're quite confident we 'll get the job . "
Well , the Catholic Church has always been big on rewarding loyal devotion .
Perhaps the Vatican 's most noted environmental announcement , however , was made last year when Bishop Gianfranco Girotti , the head of the Apostolic Penitentiary , updated the cardinal vices – the seven social sins – by stating that Catholics " offend God not only by stealing , taking the Lord 's name in vain or coveting your neighbor 's wife , but also by wrecking the environment " .
Let 's hope that hell and eternal damnation can be avoided , then , by all this recent good practice when it comes to environmental stewardship .
( There is one supplementary question I have about hell , though : if the damned are to be burned once the torturing is over , can they at least be classified as biomass ? )
1 . When Chuck Norris throws exceptions , it ’s across the room .
2 . All arrays Chuck Norris declares are of infinite size , because Chuck Norris knows no bounds .
3. Chuck Norris does n’t have disk latency because the hard drive knows to hurry the hell up .
4. Chuck Norris writes code that optimizes itself .
5. Chuck Norris can’t test for equality because he has no equal .
6. Chuck Norris does n’t need garbage collection because he does n’t call .
Dispose ( ) , he calls . DropKick ( ) .
7. Chuck Norris ’s first program was kill - 9 .
8. Chuck Norris burst the dot com bubble .
9 . All browsers support the hex definitions #chuck and #norris for the colors black and blue .
10 . MySpace actually is n’t your space , it ’s Chuck ’s ( he just lets you use it ) .
11 . Chuck Norris can write infinite recursion functions … and have them return .
12 . Chuck Norris can solve the Towers of Hanoi in one move .
13 .
The only pattern Chuck Norris knows is God Object .
14 . Chuck Norris finished World of Warcraft .
15 . Project managers never ask Chuck Norris for estimations …ever .
16 . Chuck Norris does n’t use web standards as the web will conform to him .
17 . “ It works on my machine ” always holds true for Chuck Norris .
18 . Whiteboards are white because Chuck Norris scared them that way .
19 . Chuck Norris does n’t do Burn Down charts , he does Smack Down charts .
20 . Chuck Norris can delete the Recycling Bin .
21 . Chuck Norris ’s beard can type 140 wpm .
22 . Chuck Norris can unit test entire applications with a single assert .
23 . Chuck Norris does n’t bug hunt as that signifies a probability of failure , he goes bug killing .
24 . Chuck Norris ’s keyboard does n’t have a Ctrl key because nothing controls Chuck Norris .
25 . When Chuck Norris is web surfing websites get the message “ Warning : Internet Explorer has deemed this user to be malicious or dangerous .
Proceed ? ” .
Got any more ?
Comment them below …
Handmade Pillar Candles in various colours like plain black , plain white plus a combination of colours .
We have different scents like ....... and shapes like the solid round pillar candle and the solid square pillar candle .
Floating Candles . of various sizes .. shapes ... colours ... scents ..
These yellow flower floating candles can burn for a long duration and offer very good aroma ...
We have many unique and exciting floating candles
We have unique novelty candles like a chess board candle ... and huge tower candles ...
They are painstakingly made .... with significant care and affection ...
gel candles - Each candle is composed of the highest quality gel and purest essential oils and ingredients .
We create a special look by using only actual dried botanicals , natural flowers , real fruit and real shells .
toy candles or children candles offer unique opportunity for kids to share their birthdays and events with these fun candles of different shapes like a small dog , whale , elephant .. christmas tree ... and egg shaped candle ..
Some of the earliest traces of animal life have been found in stromatolites .
( Image : Travel Ink / Getty ) Doushantuo fossiles unearthed in China bear a resemblance to animal embryos .
( Image : Shuhai Xiao ) A recipe for early oceans : layers of plankton and bacteria , with hydrogen sulphide underneath .
( Image : David Doubilet / NGS )
See Timeline :
The evolution of life
WHEN Darwin unveiled his theory of evolution , the earliest known fossils lay in rocks belonging to what Darwin called the Silurian age .
Older rocks seemed devoid of fossils .
The apparently sudden appearance of sophisticated animals such as trilobites did not fit in with Darwin ’s idea of gradual evolution .
“ If my theory be true , it is indisputable that before the lowest Silurian stratum was deposited … the world swarmed with living creatures .
To the question why we do not find records of these vast primordial periods , I can give no satisfactory answer , ” Darwin wrote in the first edition of On the Origin of Species .
His conundrum is known as Darwin ’s dilemma .
Of course , we have since discovered innumerable fossils from far earlier periods .
Rocks as old as 3.8 billion years contain signs of life , and the first recognisable bacteria appear in rocks 3.5 billion years old .
Multicellular plants in the form of red and green algae appear around a billion years ago , followed by the first multicellular animals about 575 million years ago , during the Ediacaran ( see “ The rise of animals ” ) .
Perplexing questions
Even so , many perplexing questions remain .
Why did animals evolve so late in the day ?
And why did the ancestors of modern animals apparently evolve in a geological …
The CRH O’Regan System Hemorrhoid Treatment
The CRH O’Regan System is a painless hemorrhoid treatment – providing definitive relief without surgery or recovery time .
The procedure is easy , fast and painless .
You ’ll be amazed at how simple it is …and how great you feel .
Just find a physician to make an appointment to see if CRH is right for you .
The CRH O’Regan technology works by cutting off the blood supply to the hemorrhoid , causing it to shrink and fall off in a few days .
You may not even notice when this happens .
Fewer than 5 % of patients have a recurrence within 2 years
Procedure takes less than 1 minute
Covered by most insurance providers
Less than 1 % complication rate — much safer than traditional banding
With our unique banding system , you wo n’t feel pain or need to take valuable time off work .
Hemorrhoid treatment with the CRH system is even covered by most insurance plans .
See why the CRH O’Regan System is considered more than 99 % effective in treating hemorrhoids .
Learn more about our treatment here :
See How Easy it is to Get Definitive Relief
English
Spanish
If you are a physician looking to implement the CRH O’Regan System at your practice , learn more here .
Hear What Patients Have To Say About CRH :
“ After suffering 50 years of foolish discomfort and only three visits , I feel like a new woman .
Thank you for making such an amazing difference in my everyday life . ”
– TL
“ Having a comfy bum makes all the difference in the world . ” – KC
“ I went home and had a pretty normal day without any pain medication .
I definitely feel more comfortable . ” – L
“ I was afraid of being embarrassed , but the staff and doctor put me at ease . ” – Anonymous
Green energy overtook fossil fuels in attracting investment for power generation for the first time last year , according to figures released today by the United Nations .
Wind , solar and other clean technologies attracted $ 140 bn ( £ 85 bn ) compared with $ 110 bn for gas and coal for electrical power generation , with more than a third of the green cash destined for Britain and the rest of Europe .
The biggest growth for renewable investment came from China , India and other developing countries , which are fast catching up on the West in switching out of fossil fuels to improve energy security and tackle climate change .
" There have been many milestones reached in recent years , but this report suggests renewable energy has now reached a tipping point where it is as important – if not more important – in the global energy mix than fossil fuels , " said Achim Steiner , executive director of the UN's Environment Programme .
It was very encouraging that a variety of new renewable sectors were attracting capital , while different geographical areas such as Kenya and Angola were entering the field , he added .
The UN still believes $ 750 bn needs to be spent worldwide between 2009 and 2011 and the current year has started ominously with a 53 % slump in first quarter renewables investment to $ 13.3bn .
Counting energy efficiency and other measures , more than $ 155bn of new money was invested in clean energy companies and projects , even though capital raised on public stock markets fell 51 % to $ 11.4bn and green firms saw share prices slump more than 60 % over 2008 , according to the report , Global Trends in Sustainable Energy , drawn up for the UN by the New Energy Finance ( NEF ) consultancy in London .
Wind , where the US is now global leader , attracted the highest new worldwide investment , $ 51.8bn , followed by solar at $ 33.5 bn .
The former represented annual growth of only 1 % , while the latter was up by nearly 50 % year - on - year .
Biofuels were the next most popular investment , winning $ 16.9bn , but down 9 % on 2007 , as the sector was hit by overcapacity issues in the US and political opposition , with ethanol being blamed for rising food prices .
Europe is still the main centre for investment in green power with $ 50bn being pumped into projects across the continent , an increase of 2 % on last year , while the figure for America was $ 30bn , down 8 % .
But while overall spending in the West dipped nearly 2 % , there was a 27 % rise to $ 36.6 bn in developing countries led by China , which pumped in $ 15.6 bn , mostly in wind and biomass plants .
China more than doubled its installed wind turbine capacity to 11GW of capacity , while Indian wind investment was up 17 % to $ 2.6bn , as its overall clean tech spending rose to $ 4.1bn in 2008 , 12 % up on 2007 levels .
A number of Green New Deals – government reflationary packages designed to kickstart economies and boost action to counter climate change – have been laid out by ministers around the world .
The slump in global renewable ­investment during the first quarter of 2009 has alarmed the UN and New Energy ­Finance , the London - based consultancy that compiled the figures for the UN .
Michael Liebreich , chief executive of NEF , said the second quarter had revealed " green shoots " of recovery , which indicated this year could end up with investment at the upper end of a $ 95bn to $ 115 bn range , but still a quarter down on 2008 at the least .
About $ 3bn of new money had been raised via initial public offerings or secondary issues on the stock markets in the second quarter , compared with none in the first three months of this year .
The New Energy Index of clean tech stocks , which had slumped from a 450 high to 134 by March , had since bounced back to 230 , while more project financing had been raised in the last six weeks than in the 13 before that , he said .
But Steiner and Liebreich are still anxious that politicians do more to stimulate growth .
" There is a strong case for further measures , such as requiring state - supported banks to raise lending to the ­sector , providing capital gains tax exemptions on investments in clean technology , creating a framework for Green Bonds and so on , all targeted at getting investment flowing , " said Liebreich .
It is important stimulus funds start flowing immediately , not in a year or so , he added : " Many of the policies to achieve growth over the medium - term are already in place , including feed - in tariff regimes , mandatory renewable energy targets and tax incentives .
There is too much emphasis amongst some policy - makers on support mechanisms , and not enough on the urgent needs of investors right now . "
L’AQUILA , Italy 
The world ’s biggest developing nations , led by China and India , refused Wednesday to commit to specific goals for slashing heat - trapping gases by 2050 , undercutting the drive to build a global consensus by the end of this year to reverse the threat of climate change .
As President Obama arrived for three days of talks with other leaders of the Group of 8 nations , negotiators for 17 leading polluters abandoned targets in a draft agreement for the meetings here .
But negotiators embraced a goal of preventing temperatures from rising more than 3.6 degrees Fahrenheit , and developing nations agreed to make “ meaningful ” if unspecified reductions in emissions .
The mixed results underscored the challenges for Mr. Obama as he tries to use his first summit meeting of the Group of 8 powers to force progress toward a climate treaty .
With Europe pressing for more aggressive action and Congress favoring a more restrained approach , Mr. Obama finds himself navigating complicated political currents at home and abroad .
If he cannot ultimately bring along developing countries , no climate deal will be effective .
The debate over warming dominated the opening of the summit meeting , but the Group of 8 nations also tackled the global economic recession , Middle East peace , the war in Afghanistan and development in Africa .
Mr. Obama invited his colleagues to a nuclear security conference in Washington in March and prepared to announce a $ 15 billion program to combat world hunger .
And in a statement , the leaders said they “ deplore postelectoral violence ” in Iran , and they pressed Tehran for a diplomatic solution to the standoff on its nuclear program .
Both Print and Digital Coupon Distributions Declined in H1 2020 Digital coupon distribution decreased by more than 16 % y- o -y in the first half of this year .
Much like in years past , the number of printed coupons distributed in the first half of 2020 has fallen , dipping 14.7 % year - over - year .
New data from Kantar finds that more than 101 billion printed coupons were dropped in H1 2020 , down from the more than ...
READ MORE
Navigating the Natural Resource Curse
When oil was discovered in 2007 off the shores of small , sturdy Ghana , the country ’s government officials called the discovery “ perhaps the greatest managerial challenge ” the country had faced since independence .
John Kufuor , Ghana ’s president at the time , warned that “ instead of a being a blessing , oil sometimes proves the undoing of many … nations who come by this precious commodity . ”
Ghana ’s reaction no doubt surprised oil - starved observers in developed countries , but the Ghanaian officials were referring to the “ resource curse ” that has wreaked havoc in other resource - rich , developing countries .
Natural - resource wealth not only increases civil violence but , in a bizarre development paradox , is linked to lower economic growth .
In The Bottom Billion , the economist Paul Collier cites three reasons why resource wealth results in low levels of economic growth .
First , the discovery and extraction of natural resources can lead to the crowding out of other sectors , otherwise known as “ Dutch Disease . ”
The booming natural resource sector draws labor and capital away from other areas , and the natural - resource revenues result in a stronger exchange rate , reducing the competitiveness of non-resource exports .
Second , commodity price volatility enables boom and bust spending cycles characterized by poor investments and irresponsible spending .
Collier writes that during an asset - price bubble in Kenya , “ one ministry raised its proposed budget thirteenfold and refused to prioritize . ”
Finally , Collier argues that resource revenues can cause deterioration in governance and public institutions through a variety of channels .
Bribery becomes a more efficient means of obtaining votes than the delivery of public services .
Citizens paying low taxes thanks to resource revenues are less likely to scrutinize their leaders .
Last week , the Natural Resource Charter was launched in Oslo .
Developed by a group of economists including Collier and Nobel Laureate Mike Spence , the charter is “ a set of economic principles for governments and societies on how to use the opportunities created by natural resources effectively for development . ”
Essentially , the charter tells countries how to avoid the resource trap .
Will a charter actually do anything ?
There might be some lessons gleaned from the experience of the Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative ( EITI ) , which was proposed by the British government in 2002 and is now widely supported by governments and industries .
Resource - rich governments that commit to the EITI agree to implement increased transparency measures .
The EITI board announced this week that Albania , Burkina Faso , Mozambique , and Zambia will join the 26 candidate countries already committed to implementing the EITI protocols .
The jury is still out on the effectiveness of the EITI in candidate countries , but preliminary results are encouraging .
Perhaps more importantly , the EITI is already shifting attitudes in resource - rich developing countries .
Collier writes of sitting in a meeting of West African ministers as they discussed resource - revenue governance .
The EITI served as a concrete rallying point for both reformist countries and for reformers in reluctant countries .
Collier writes ,
“ An international charter gives people something very concrete to demand : either the government adopts it or it must explain why it wo n’t . ”
CHELMSFORD , Mass .
- Valerie Celeste Coffey is a woman on a mission .
For six years , her small group of local atheists has gathered to exchange bemused stories about the things Christians do in worship and swap tips for raising confident skeptics .
But on a recent Wednesday evening here at the Java Room cafe , Ms. Coffey said the time had come to take the meetings in hand .
" I do n't think this group has a vision , " said Coffey , a freelance editor who lives in nearby Boxborough , Mass .
" We need to figure out what our values are . "
Ten days later , something unprecedented happened :
The group met over Sunday brunch for a structured discussion with preplanned topics .
The ranks of nonbelievers are on the rise , research suggests , and as they seek out each other online and in small groups , they are increasingly looking to do more than just vent .
Some are adopting rituals themselves , from de-baptisms to wedding ceremonies , as a way to cement ties among members .
Others are organizing science - related outings or enrolling in community - service programs .
Nationwide , atheists ' groups are now treading , sometimes gingerly , into unfamiliar territory .
" This is the transition moment right now , " says Dale McGowan , author of " Parenting Beyond Belief : On Raising Ethical , Caring Kids Without Religion . "
" Some groups are really diving in 1/8to foster a robust sense of community 3/8 , and some of them are holding their noses and standing on the diving board .
They 're not quite sure what to do . "
Some 15 percent of Americans claim no religious affiliation , up from 8.2 percent in 1990 , according to Trinity College 's American Religious Identification Survey , released in March .
Also , the American Humanist Association claims 20,000 financial supporters .
That marks a doubling from five years ago , says spokeswoman Karen Frantz .
Moreover , signs point to non-believers seeking fellowship as never before .
During the first five months of 2009 , 95 new atheist groups have formed through meetup.com , bringing the US total to 372 .
That 's up from 59 in 2005 , says Blair Scott , director of national affiliates for American Atheists , a networking and advocacy organization .
Known parenting groups for nonbelievers have proliferated from just one in 2005 to 33 in 2009 , adds Mr. McGowan , the author .
The intersection of the two trends is evident across the United States .
For example , the North Alabama Freethought Association , which has grown from 50 members in 2006 to 350 today , drew 30 people to a camping event in May and runs regular outings to visit caves or other science - related sites .
" It used to be that these atheist groups ... met almost in hiding , " says American Atheists spokesman David Silverman .
" Now they 're doing a lot more stands at town parties , a lot more trash pickups , a lot more blood donations - a lot more stuff that gets their group out and noticed . "
Some say such initiatives are necessary to improve an image problem .
Rebecca Grieve founded South Lake Atheists and Freethinkers in Groveland , Fla. , last year because she felt the nearby atheist group in Orlando " was n't doing enough in the community . "
Through an Adopt - A - Lake project , the new group monitors a section of Lake Minneola and promotes its efforts on a big sign at Clermont Waterfront Park .
" A lot of atheist groups are really negative , " says Ms. Grieve , who now lives in Derry , N.H. , and describes herself as a secular humanist .
" They 're not standing for anything .
They 're not making a difference ....
I want to be accepted just like everybody else .
We need to be showing people through example that we 're decent people . "
For some , however , the status quo suits just fine .
Of the monthly Atheists of Greater Lowell ( Mass . ) gatherings , where no one convenes or adjourns the group , Paul Ratner of Lowell says : " I like this group as it is now . "
Rob Butler of Westford .
Mass. , agrees : " I love coming here because I can just say whatever 's on my mind , and people wo n't be offended by it . "
In some ways , the lack of structure or ritual has been a defining characteristic of atheist groups .
McGowan notes that many atheists bristle at ritual because it feels too religious or superstitious .
American Atheists ' Mr. Silverman insists , " there are no rituals with us . "
But America 's 27 Ethical Societies , which attract many nontheist attendees to their humanist " platforms , " or services , see growing interest in rituals , ranging from children 's education to weddings , according to membership chairman Thomas Hoeppner .
Through ritual , " you build up not just common intellectual values , but the emotional and personal connection with people , " says Mr. Hoeppner , a member of the Ethical Humanist Society of Chicago .
" That 's what it 's all about . "
" So when one of my dear friends in his 80s lost his wife , he'd be over at our house every Sunday afternoon for dinner , " he says .
" That 's a ritual for us . "
In Florida , atheists are pioneering a new ritual : de-baptism .
Since last year , American Atheists ' Florida state director Greg McDowell has been donning a mock clerical robe and officiating at services where family and friends come to watch the baptized renounce their baptisms .
The events spoof baptisms by using blow - dryers in the place of baptismal waters .
They culminate in certificates for the " de - baptized " and letters to churches requesting that the names of those de-baptized be removed from baptismal rolls .
Elsewhere , ties that bind the faithless continue to grow stronger , even without ritual per se .
After one member of the North Alabama Freethought Association was robbed earlier this year , fellow members collected a few hundred dollars to see him through to payday .
And when another was injured in a motorcycle accident , atheists brought meals every day for him and his caretakers .
" It makes me sit back and smile to know that this community has built itself up in a way that they 're looking out for each other , watching each other 's backs , and supporting each other , " says Mr. Scott , who founded the Alabama group six years ago .
" It almost makes me feel fatherly - like you raised your child right . "
WASHINGTON --
The Federal Reserve would become the nation 's most powerful financial overseer , an approach that is becoming a flashpoint as lawmakers and consumer groups attack the central bank for its role in creating and handling the financial crisis .
The proposal , if passed into law , would represent one of the biggest changes ever in the Fed 's role .
The central bank would win power to monitor risks across the financial system , and sweeping authority to examine any firm that could threaten financial stability , even if the ...
She added that Mr Vaz had changed the designation of his second home " for personal reasons " , and that his London flat " was not available for his use between May 2007 and May 2008 " .
" Mr Vaz 's claims have always been in accordance with the spirit and rules of the Green Book , " she said .
" If they were not within the rules the claims would not have been paid . "
Ю.В. має талант знаходити потрібних людей у середовищі інших політичних сил , щоправда , за їхню підтримку розраховується не з власної кишені ...
Нацбанк став поводитися “ правильно ” ...
Ю.В. має талант знаходити потрібних людей у середовищі інших політичних сил , щоправда , за їхню підтримку розраховується не з власної кишені ...
Нацбанк став поводитися “ правильно ” ...
Добре відомо , що під час війни та криз страждають мільйони людей .
Водночас дехто досить непогано заробляє на цьому .
Сьогоднішні українські реалії – яскраве тому підтвердження .
“ Правильна ” поведінка Нацбанк у
Усі , мабуть , пам ’ятають як непогано , схоже , заробили деякі керівник и
Нацбанку та банкіри під час курсової паніки восени минулого року .
Одні за дуже підозрілою процедурою та на вельми непрозорих умовах надавали рефінансування , інші ці кошти вчасно конвертували в іноземну валюту , заробляючи сотні мільйонів доларів .
Причому грали вони , судячи з усього , з однієї руки , бо навмисно стимулювали паніку на валютному ринку й підвищували курс іноземної валюти до гривні , очевидно , знаючи , у який момент та на якому рівн і
Нацбанк зупинить цей процес .
Пані Тимошенко доволі спокійно тривалий час « не бачила » цього , та тільки - но НБУ захотів угамувати апетити її уряду й відмовився друкувати гроші на покриття бюджетного дефіциту , негайно виступила з нищівною критикою .
Але Нацбанк « виправився » , і його друкарські верстати почали працювати на повну потужність , задовольняючи потреби уряду .
Так , якщо станом на 3 листопада минулого року загальна сума облігацій внутрішньої державної позики , емітованих урядом , становила якихос ь 8223,38 млн. грн. , з них у портфелі НБУ буловсього на суму 29,11 млн. , то на сьогодні в обігу цінних паперів уряду – на суму 51337,44 млн. , з яких у Нацбанку– 30114,14 млн. грн .
Тобто НБУ менш як за 9 місяців примудрився в чистому вигляді збільшити свій портфель урядових цінних паперів більше ніж у тисячу разів .
Зараз дехто з особливо завзятих прихильників уряду твердить , що не виправдалися прогнози щодо зростання заборгованості із зарплати бюджетникам та пенсій , і в цьому особиста заслуга пані Тимошенко .
Але в цьому випадку доречно нагадати їм про шалене зростання в цьому році внутрішніх та зовнішніх зобо в ’язань уряду й держпідприємств – їх примушували до залучення кредитів , аби потім направити до держбюджету додаткові кошти .
Також їм би не завадило замислитися , чого це коштуватиме в майбутньому всім громадянам країни .
Бо крім того , що друкування незабезпечених папірців неминуче закінчується обкраданням передусім найменш захищених верств населення через інфляцію та знецінення національної валюти , усі ці зобов ’язання доведеться колись погашати , хоча це вже буде після президентських виборів , а тоді – уже хоч потоп ...
Однак « правильна » поведінка керівництв а
Нацбанку стосувалась не лише політики друкування грошей для уряду , а й суттєвої зміни напрямків рефінансування .
За даними , оприлюдненими в ЗМІ , величезні суми рефінансування отримали банки , власники яких напряму пов ’язані з БЮТ чи Партією регіонів і на підтримку яких небезпідставно розраховує прем ’єр - міністр .
Узагалі слід зазначити , що вона має неабиякий талант знаходити потрібних людей у середовищі інших політичних сил , щоправда , за їхню гласну чи негласну підтримку розраховується з ними не з власної кишені , а за державний рахунок .
Рекапіталізація з двома кінцям и
Яскравий приклад цього – ситуація з рекапіталізацією Украгазбанку .
Цей банк , що належав видному членов і ПР Василю Горбалю , не тільки отримав 1,2 мільярда рефінансування та 2,6 мільярда короткострокового стабілізаційного кредиту , – за рахунок державних коштів збільшено його статутний капітал на 3,1 млрд .
грн .
Тобто приватні акціонери за такого варіанта рекапіталізації не втрачають жодної копійки власних коштів .
А в майбутньому навіть зможуть викупити акції банку , що належать державі , – на досить вигідних для себе умовах .
Щоправда , вони втрачають контроль за банком .
Але й це досить умовно , бо банк переходить під контроль уряду , а пані Тимошенко на цьому етапі з розумінням ставиться до інтересів тих члені в ПР , хто явно чи неявно підтримує її .
Провівши в такому вигляді рекапіталізацію цього банку , ні уряд , ні НБУ не надали громадськості інформацію – скільки ж він зараз коштує .
Не повідомили вони й про те , скільки виведено з нього грошей , та який обсяг безнадійних кредитів та інших активів , що нічого зараз не варті , на балансі цього банку й чи не виявиться , що після їх списання , власний капітал насправді є від ’ємним .
Єдиним позитивом можна вважати лише те , що фізичні особи – власники депозитів банку – уже не втратять свої заощадження .
Хоча , насправді , збитки від непрозорої , непрофесійної , а можливо , і не дуже законної діяльності її акціонерів та менеджерів буде покрито за рахунок платників податків , тобто кожного з нас .
А ось власник и Укпромбанку виявились не настільки потрібні пані Тимошенко , тому він іде на банкрутство .
І фізичним особам – власникам депозитів на загальну суму 7,297 млрд .
грн. – слід готуватися до того , що вони , якщо й отримають свої кошти , то лише частково ( у межа х 150 тис. грн. ) , за рахунок кошті в
Фонду гарантування вкладів фізичних осіб , до того ж через невизначений час .
Ідея перевести зобов ’язання всіх вкладників цього банку в
Ощадбанк з одночасною передачею йому від уряду ОВДП на відповідну суму навряд чи буде реалізована .
Хоч це , можливо , й прикро читати вкладникам цього банку , але така схема не зможе бути використана .
Бо , по -перше , у бюджеті просто не передбачені кошти на такі цілі .
І хоча , як показує досвід , дотримання норм бюджетного законодавства , ніколи не належало до чеснот нинішнього уряду , але очевидно , що для цього просто немає грошей , а МВФ не погодиться на збільшення дефіциту держбюджету .
А зара з Юля Володимирівна змушена прислуховуватися до позиції цієї міжнародної фінансової інституції .
Крім того , якщо за рахунок коштів уряду покривати всі зобов ’язання перед вкладниками цього банку , то таке ж зрозуміле бажання виникне й у постраждалих внаслідок банкрутства інших банків , що взагалі матиме непередбачувані наслідки для економіки країни .
По-друге , спроба реалізувати схему покриття зобов ’язань перед вкладникам и
Укрпромбанку за рахунок бюджетних коштів означатиме не що інше як емісі ю
Нацбанком цих самих 7,297 млрд .
грн .
В умовах , коли його друкарські верстати й так працюють на повну потужність , ці додатков і 7 з гаком мільярда можуть стати тим камінцем , що викличе лавину гіперінфляції та падіння курсу національної валюти .
Хоча й без того ситуація для Нацбанку виглядає не дуже простою .
У Фонді гарантування вкладів фізичних осіб нині є трохи більш як 4 мільярди гривень , і без кредит у
Нацбанку він не зможе виконати свої зобов ’язання щодо вкладників збанкрутілих банків .
А виплата цих коштів вкладникам неминуче тиснутиме на споживчий ринок і провокуватиме зростання попиту на іноземну валюту .
У ситуації з Укрпромбанком показова також слабкість і корумпованість усіх державних інституцій .
З одного боку , відомо хто контролював цей банк і хто несе відповідальність за шахрайство , пов ’язане з виведенням із нього коштів .
Крім того , без будь - яких проблем суди приймають рішення про виведення з- під застави майна на сотні мільйонів чи навіть мільярдів гривень , яке забезпечувало виконання зобов ’язань боржниками цього банку .
При цьому ми нічого не чуємо про порушення кримінальних справ щодо власників та менеджерів банку , а також немає жорсткої публічної позиції всіх гілок влади щодо спроб виведення активів з нього .
Трагедія для сотень тисяч і навіть мільйонів фізичних осіб , що втратять свої заощадження , обертається можливістю для додаткового збагачення невеликою купки “ обраних ” .
І перефразовуючи відомий вислів , можна з упевненістю сказати : кому криза , а кому й мати рідна .
Борис Кушнірук
Якщо ви знайшли помилку , видiлiть її мишкою та натисніт ь
Ctrl + Enter
If you want your dad to sneak beer into an event ( e.g. football games , theaters , church ) but not pay over - inflated prices from vendors inside , then you might want to give him a Beer Belly ( $ 30.93 ) !
The Beer Belly , a hands - free hydration system , looks like a beer belly when worn under clothing .
It consists of two parts : the sling and the bladder .
The sling is designed to fit users up to six feet , 8 inches tall and up to a 40 - inch waist .
The bladder , made of polyurethane , holds up to 80 ounces of any hot or cold beverage and fits in a custom - shaped pouch in the sling .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- CIA Director Leon Panetta testified to a congressional committee that he was told former Vice President Dick Cheney ordered the intelligence agency to withhold information about a secret counterterrorism program from Congress , the chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee said Sunday .
Former Vice President Dick Cheney reportedly ordered the CIA to withhold information about counterterrorism .
Sen . Dianne Feinstein , D - California , told the " FOX News Sunday " program that Panetta testified that " he was told that the vice president had ordered that the program not be briefed to the Congress . "
" I think this is a problem , obviously , " Feinstein said , adding that the law requires full disclosure of such operations to Congress .
The disclosure by Panetta to both the Senate and House intelligence committees about Cheney 's involvement was first reported in The New York Times .
Efforts to contact Cheney for reaction were unsuccessful .
Watch senators discuss Cheney and the CIA . »
CIA spokesman Paul Gimigliano declined to comment on the report .
" It 's not agency practice to discuss what may or may not have been said in a classified briefing , " Gimigliano said .
" When a CIA unit brought this matter to Director Panetta 's attention , it was with the recommendation that it be shared with Congress .
That was also his view , and he took swift , decisive action to put it into effect . "
Panetta briefed lawmakers on June 24 on an unspecified counterterrorism program , according to a letter from seven House Democrats to Panetta made public Wednesday .
The June 26 letter characterized Panetta as testifying that the CIA " concealed significant actions from all members of Congress , and misled members for a number of years from 2001 to this week . "
The letter contained no details about what information the CIA officials allegedly concealed or how they purportedly misled members of Congress .
A knowledgeable source familiar with the matter said the counterterrorism program in question was initiated shortly after the September 11 , 2001 , attacks on New York and Washington .
The program was on - again , off - again and was never fully operational , but was rather a tool put on the shelf that could have been used , the source said .
Panetta has put an end to the program , according to the source .
The disclosures follow a May spat between the spy agency and House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , who accused the CIA of misleading Congress during a secret 2002 briefing on harsh interrogation techniques being used on terrorism suspects .
The CIA responded that Pelosi was told about the harsh techniques , including waterboarding , at the briefing .
But the June 26 letter from the seven House Democrats noted that Panetta told CIA employees in a May 15 letter -- a response to the Pelosi allegation -- that it was not CIA policy to mislead Congress .
The letter from the House Democrats asked Panetta to correct his May 15 statement " in light of your testimony . "
Asked about the Democrats ' letter , CIA spokesman George Little said Panetta " stands by his May 15 statement . "
" This agency and this director believe it is vital to keep the Congress fully and currently informed .
Director Panetta 's actions back that up , " Little said in a statement .
" As the letter from these ... representatives notes , it was the CIA itself that took the initiative to notify the oversight committees . "
The latest revelations come as lawmakers consider expanding the number of House and Senate members privy to the kind of secret briefing that Pelosi received .
The White House opposes a measure that would increase the number of briefing participants from the current eight to 40 members of Congress .
A White House memo warned President Obama 's senior advisers would recommend a veto of the bill if it contained the expanded briefing provision .
On Sunday morning news shows , Democratic and Republican legislators sparred over the significance of the withholding of information from Congress .
Republicans agreed that the CIA should comply with all disclosure laws , but questioned if the program Panetta talked about to the intelligence committees met the required threshold .
They also said such disclosures harm the morale of the CIA , and some wondered if the revelation of Panetta 's testimony was a Democratic ploy to support Pelosi 's allegation that the agency misled Congress .
" This looks to me suspiciously like an attempt to provide political cover to her , " Republican Sen. John Cornyn of Texas said on FOX .
" I agree with Senator Feinstein -- the CIA should brief the Congress .
Congress should exercise responsible oversight .
But to trot out the vice president and say he's the one that 's at fault , this ... unfortunately sounds like a new theme where they still want to blame the Bush - Cheney administration for the economy and for other things . "
Democrats responded that the central issue was the possible violation of laws intended to maintain a vital check on the power of the CIA .
" This is a question of whether the former vice president of the United States denied certain sensitive information to the intelligence leaders in Congress , " said Sen. Kent Conrad , D - North Dakota .
" That is not acceptable . "
The Democrats also praised Panetta for immediately notifying the intelligence committees and canceling the secret program once he learned of it .
All About Dick Cheney • Leon Panetta • Central Intelligence Agency
Une soixantaine de parlementaires français ont fait part , mercredi 17 juin , de leur inquiétude sur le port en France de la burqa , ce vêtement porté par certaines musulmanes et qui les couvre de la tête aux pieds .
Sous l'impulsion du député communiste André Gérin , les parlementaires ( trois communistes , sept socialistes , quarante - trois UMP , deux Nouveau Centre et trois non-inscrits ) demandent la création d'une commission parlementaire sur le sujet .
Pour André Gérin , " il y a des personnes qui sont dans de véritables prisons ambulantes " .
Et , a -t - il dit sur France Info , " il y en a de plus en plus , non seulement dans les grandes villes , mais aussi dans le monde rural .
Il faut sortir d'une sorte de silence des responsables politiques de ce pays " .
" La vision de ces femmes emprisonnées nous est déjà intolérable lorsqu'elle nous vient d'Iran , d'Afghanistan , d'Arabie saoudite ...
Elle est totalement inacceptable sur le sol de la République française " , a ajouté le député et maire de Vénissieux ( Rhône ) .
" UN SIMPLE REGARD "
Pour le recteur de la Grande Mosquée de Paris , Dalil Boubakeur , les musulmanes de France n'ont pas à porter la burqa .
" L'islam de France doit être un islam ouvert , libéral , convivial , qui permette aux gens de vivre les uns avec les autres " , a -t - il déclaré , également sur France Info .
" J'estime que le regard des hommes n'est pas à ce point - là radiographiant d'une femme ou introductif dans son intimité , ( ... ) je ne pense pas qu'un simple regard puisse créer le danger " , a -t - il ajouté .
" En France , sauf si on vivait au pôle Nord chez les Esquimaux , il n'y a pas de nécessité de s'affubler d'une couverture des pieds à la tête ou de se cacher derrière une burqa grillagée " , a encore dit Dalil Boubakeur , déplorant un comportement " lié à un excès , une radicalisation " .
Outre André Gerin , le texte est signé notamment par Christian Bataille ( PS ) , Patrick Beaudoin ( UMP ) , Alain Benisti ( UMP ) , Véronique Besse ( NI , MPF ) , Jacques Desalangre ( PCF ) , Nicolas Dupont - Aignan ( NI ) , Jean - Pierre Kudeicha ( PS ) , Pierre Lellouche ( UMP ) , Maurice Leroy ( NC ) , Lionnel Luca ( UMP ) , Thierry Mariani ( UMP ) , Jacques Myard ( UMP ) .
Le Monde avec AFP
Apple has issued patches for its QuickTime and iTunes software , fixing critical security flaws along with a bug that was first hinted at earlier this year in a book on Macintosh computer hacking .
The updates fix 10 QuickTime vulnerabilities and a single bug in iTunes .
The flaws affect both Windows and Mac users and have been patched in the QuickTime 7.6.2 and iTunes 8.2 releases , published Monday .
Most of the bugs were not publicly known of before today 's updates , so it 's unlikely that they were exploited by cyber - criminals .
However , it turns out that one flaw -- a bug in the way QuickTime reads files that are compressed using the JPEG 2000 ( JP2 ) compression standard -- was partially disclosed in Charlie Miller and Dino Dai Zovi 's book , " The Mac Hacker 's Handbook , " released in March .
In an interview Monday , Miller said he put instructions for finding the bug in a section of the book that describes how to find flaws in Apple 's software .
" If you followed all the steps you would find ... the bug , " he said .
" I did n't show the bug , but I gave the recipe for how to find it . "
Miller disclosed during a talk at the CanSecWest conference in March that he had hidden instructions for finding the flaw in his book .
After members of Apple 's security team approached him at the conference to ask about the issue , he handed over the exploit code , he said Monday .
Coincidentally , another Mac hacker , Damian Put , sold the same flaw one month later to 3Com 's TippingPoint division , which also reported the issue to Apple .
Although TippingPoint would n't say what it paid
Put for the flaw , companies typically pay thousands of dollars for bugs like this .
Miller and Dai Zovi's book lists for US$ 50 .
Although Put used a different technique from Miller and Dai Zovi to find the issue , TippingPoint did n't know that it had bought the bug in " The Mac Hacker 's Handbook " until Apple informed it about a week ago , according to TippingPoint 's security research manager , Pedram Amini .
It 's not unusual for two hackers to discover the same bug , Amini said .
Recently three separate researchers submitted identical Internet Explorer flaws within a six - month period .
However , he added , " Had we read the book prior to receiving this issue from Damian , we probably would not have made an offer . "
In its security advisory , Apple credited both Miller and Put with finding the issue .
In addition to the security fix , the iTunes 8.2 release includes support for the upcoming iPhone 3.0 software , which is expected to be unveiled at Apple 's Worldwide Developer Conference next week in San Francisco .
Remember those movies with such convoluted plot twists that make you say “ there ’s no way that would happen in real life ? ”
Yet , in Australia , the Melbourne gang war continues to prove that fact can be just as improbable .
A vicious gangland struggle that has gripped Melbourne for more than a decade took a surprising twist this week when the matriarch of the city ’s most powerful criminal clan was charged in connection with the murder of her brother - in - law .
Behind the image of friendly suburbia the city presents to the world , a battle for control of the lucrative drugs trade has led to the deaths of more than 30 people and brought mayhem to the streets .
The past two years have been quiet — relatively speaking — but that all changed with the killing of Des “ Tuppence ” Moran , 61 , on Monday .
He was shot a number of times , at close range , by two masked men as he sipped his daily coffee in a café in the busy Ascot Vale area [ … ]
About 15 minutes after the shooting , Judy Moran — whose two sons , Jason and Mark , and husband Lewis ( Des ’s brother ) have all been killed in the gangland wars — arrived at the crime scene in tears , screaming his name [ … ]
However , within 24 hours Mrs Moran , 64 , and her friend Suzanne Kane , 45 , were charged with being accessories to the murder , with Ms Kane ’s partner , Geoffrey Amour , being charged with the killing .
Police told a court that officers saw Mrs Moran dumping the getaway car and a rifle used in the murder , while phone taps caught her discussing the disposal of other items used in the killing .
A search of Mrs Moran ’s home uncovered three handguns , a loaded shotgun , stolen numberplates , clothing and a wig matching the description of those worn by the gunmen who carried out the hit .
In a further twist , Mrs Moran ’s house was damaged severely on Tuesday night in a fire described by police as suspicious .
画像内に映り込んだ所望のオブジェクトを排除し、違和感の無い画像を生成するシーン補完技術に関しては近年複数の研究成果が発表されている。しかし中でも2007年のSIGGRAPHにて米カーネギメロン大のJames Hays とAlexei A. Efrosが発表した手法*1はブレークスルーとなりうる画期的なものだ。
論より証拠、早速適用例を見てみよう。本エントリで利用する画像はPresentationからの引用である。元画像の中から邪魔なオブジェクト等の隠蔽すべき領域を指定すると、その領域が補完された画像が自動的に生成される。
画像が小さいので大きめの画像を4点示す。人物の写っている写真などは明らかにスケールがおかしいが、概ね違和感なく補完されていることが分かる。
効果は抜群だがア イデア 自体は単純なものだ 。Web上には莫大な数量の画像がアップされており、今や対象となる画像の類似画像を一瞬にして大量に検索することができる。そこで、検索された類似画像で隠蔽領域を完全に置き換えてしまうことで違和感の無い補完画像を生成するのだ。
実施例
海の風景という比較的均一なテクスチャの画像は比較的補完が簡単である印象を受ける。次にせっかくの観光写真に写り込んだ邪魔なバスを消す実施例を挙げる。これをPhotoshopなどで行うのはなかなか骨が折れる作業に違いない。
補完結果は次の通りだ。いずれの写真も元の風景からは完全に違うものになっている。ただし、その場所を知っている人が見れば写真の違和感に気付くだろうが、知らない人が見てもこれが自動的に補完されたものだとは気付かないだろう。
続いて実例を挙げていく。左から元画像、隠蔽領域指定、補完画像である。3例目の写真は日本の七五三祭りの様子が合成され、国が変わってしまっているが、この写真を単体で見ると日本人には何の違和感もない。クレーンや工事中の建物など、景観を乱す建築物やオブジェクトを違和感なく消し去ることができていることが解るだろう。
20人の被験者による主観評価によれば、テストケースの補完画像の内37%が本物と見分けが付かなかった。判断時間を10秒に限定すれば実に66%が本物と認識されたという。これは従来の補完アルゴリズムと比べれば極めて高い値だ。
続いて失敗例を示す。1例目は人工的な建物に同じ色合いの自然の岩肌を合成した結果ファンタジックな地形となってしまっている。2例目は人物は綺麗に消えているが、路面のテクスチャが境界の左右で異なってしまっている。3例目は自動車が綺麗に消えて一見違和感がないが、右側の男性の下半身が消えてしまって心霊写真のようだ。
こうした失敗はあるものの、20件候補が提示されれば、1枚は成功画像が見つかるだろう。この技術を応用すれば、画像の不必要な部分を指定するだけで、違和感なく画像を補完することがワンタッチで出来るようになるだろう。論文によれば当初1万枚の画像データベースで試した時には生成画像の品質は失望させられるものだったが、データベースを200万枚まで増やすと品質が飛躍的に向上したという。Web上にアップされる画像の総数は日々増加しているのだから（Flickrへの投稿画像は昨年30億枚を突破している）、それらを上手く活用することが出来ればより品質の高い補完画像を得ることが出来るだろう。数年の内にはこのアプローチによる画像補完機能をもつアプリケーションが一般的になるかもしれない（大量のコラ画像が溢れる状況が容易に想像できるが……）。
Web上のリソースを用いて、コンテンツを補完するアイデアは他にも応用が利く。たとえば、ATOKダイレクトではWeb上の情報に基づく予測変換によりユーザのテキスト入力を支援している。現在は単語レベルの補完に留まっているが、将来的にはWeb上の大量のコーパスからコンテキストにあった文章を補完するような入力支援が実用化されるだろう。Google検索によるコピペが動的に行われるようなものだ。
画像に限らず、音楽や動画などよりリッチなメディアの補完についても研究が進むと思われる（動画像の補完は計算量が爆発するから一工夫必要そうだが）。さらに同一種類のコンテンツの補完に留まらず、小説に画像やBGMを自動的に付与するなどメディアを越えた補完・融合も実現するだろう。あらゆるコンテンツはネットの向こう側にある膨大なコンテンツ群により補完、拡張されるようになるに違いない。
論文の最後で著者らは、目に見える全ての実世界を充分によく似た別の画像で置き換えることは可能かどうか考察し、それはおそらく可能であり、かつ、それに必要な画像の総数はそれほど大きくはならないだろうと推測している。目で見て感じること全てがリアルとバーチャルの区別が付かないほど自然に融合した拡張世界が現実になる日は案外近いのかも知れない。
The National Security Agency routinely listened in on the intimate and innocent phone calls of Americans in Iraq , including government personnel , journalists and aid workers , as they called back into the United States , according to two former NSA operators who spoke to ABC News .
The accusations that the NSA routinely listened in on Americans ' phone calls contradicts the Administration 's repeated claims that its secret spying did not listen to any Americans other than suspected terrorists .
The conduct also appears to violate the rules that govern when the NSA can listen in to Americans ' making calls overseas – which then required high - level approval for each target .
The two operators , who ABC News say do not know one other , came forward after speaking with the foremost chronicler of the NSA , James Bamford , whose new book the Shadow Factory comes out on Tuesday .
ABC News reports :
" These were just really everyday , average , ordinary Americans who happened to be in the Middle East , in our area of intercept and happened to be making these phone calls on satellite phones , " said Adrienne Kinne , a 31 - year old US Army Reserves Arab linguist assigned to a special military program at the NSA 's Back Hall at Fort Gordon from November 2001 to 2003 .
Kinne described the contents of the calls as " personal , private things with Americans who are not in any way , shape or form associated with anything to do with terrorism . "
Another intercept operator , former Navy Arab linguist , David Murfee Faulk , 39 , said he and his fellow intercept operators listened into hundreds of Americans picked up using phones in Baghdad 's Green Zone from late 2003 to November 2007 .
Faulk says he and others in his section of the NSA facility at Fort Gordon routinely shared salacious or tantalizing phone calls that had been intercepted , alerting office mates to certain time codes of " cuts " that were available on each operator 's computer .
" Hey , check this out , " Faulk says he would be told , " there 's good phone sex or there 's some pillow talk , pull up this call , it 's really funny , go check it out .
It would be some colonel making pillow talk and we would say , ' Wow , this was crazy ' , " Faulk told ABC News .
It 's not clear whether the allegations refer to the so - called Terrorist Surveillance Program that the Administration admitted to running after the New York Times revealed its existence in December 2005 .
The government describes that program as listening into phone calls where one end is outside the United States and where one party is suspected of being a terrorist .
That program likely intercepted phone calls with help from American telecom companies .
The program described by the operators in the ABC News story likely collected the intelligence outside the United States .
Kinne 's allegations are not new – she 's been making them public for sometime as part of her involvement in the Iraq Veterans Against the War .
If the allegations are true , they show that when the government secretly tossed aside the decades - old credo that the NSA does n't spy on Americans , it did not simply make one or two exceptions – it shredded the it .
ABC News says the head of the Senate Intelligence committee Jay Rockefeller ( D - West Virginia ) is disturbed by the news and pledges to look into it .
However , it fails to note that Rockefeller was the key lawmaker in this summer 's legislation that largely legalized the government 's formerly secret warrantless wiretap program and gave immunity to the companies that helped .
Threat Level will have more next week with the release of Bamford 's book and a tag team Danger Room / Threat Level interview with Bamford .
See Also :
Photo : JosephTate73 / Flickr
Apple at its developers conference Monday unveiled plans to transition its 13 - inch unibody MacBooks into a more premium offering by announcing plans to rebrand them as 13 - inch MacBook Pros alongside more affordable pricing .
MacBook
Airs were also updated with cheaper pricing .
Apple said it will retain the " MacBook " moniker for its white $ 999 MacBook which ships in a polycarbonate enclosure .
The new unibody models include a 2.26GHz model for $ 1199 and a 2.53GHz model for $ 1499 , down from $ 1299 and $ 1599 .
13 - inch MacBook Pros
The new 13 - inch MacBook Pro is a significant upgrade at a lower price than the original aluminum MacBook it replaces .
With the same unibody design popular with consumers , students and professionals , all 13 - inch MacBook Pro models now include a seven hour built - in battery , an SD card slot , a FireWire 800 port , an illuminated keyboard and an improved LED - backlit display with 60 percent greater color gamut .
Also featuring NVIDIA 's GeForce 9400 M integrated graphics processor , the 13 - inch MacBook Pro is available in two models : one with a 2.26 GHz Intel Core 2 Duo , 2GB of RAM and a 160GB hard drive priced at $ 1,199 , and another with a 2.53 GHz Intel Core 2 Duo , 4GB of RAM and a 250GB hard drive priced at $ 1,499 .
" Across the line , all of our new MacBook Pro models now include Apple 's innovative built - in battery for up to seven hours of battery life , while staying just as thin and light as before , " said Philip Schiller , Apple 's senior vice president of Worldwide Product Marketing .
" Starting at just $ 1,199 , the aluminum unibody MacBook Pro is more affordable than ever and sets a new standard for environmentally friendly notebook design . "
The 2.26 GHz , 13 - inch MacBook Pro , for a suggested retail price of $ 1,199 ( US ) , includes :
Â — Â 13.3 - inch widescreen LED - backlit 1280 x 800 glossy display ;
Â — Â 2.26 GHz Intel Core 2 Duo with 3MB shared L2 cache ;
Â — Â 1066 MHz front - side bus ;
Â — Â 2GB 1066 MHz DDR3 SDRAM , expandable to 8GB ;
Â — Â NVIDIA GeForce 9400 M integrated graphics ;
Â — Â 160 GB serial ATA hard drive running at 5400 rpm , with Sudden Motion Sensor ;
Â — Â a slot - load 8X SuperDrive ( R ) with double - layer support ( DVD +/-R DL / DVD+/-RW /CD-RW ) optical drive ;
Â — Â Mini DisplayPort for video output ( adapters sold separately ) ;
Â — Â built - in AirPort Extreme ( R ) 802.11n wireless networking and Bluetooth 2.1+EDR ;
Â — Â Gigabit Ethernet port ;
Â — Â built - in i Sight ( R ) video camera ;
Â — Â two USB 2.0 ports ;
Â — Â one FireWire 800 port ( FireWire 400 compatible ) ;
Â — Â SD card slot ;
Â — Â one audio line in / out port , supporting both optical digital and analog ;
Â — Â glass Multi-Touch trackpad and illuminated keyboard ;
Â — Â built - in , 58 WHr lithium polymer battery ; and
Â — Â 60 Watt MagSafe ( R ) Power Adapter .
The 2.53 GHz , 13 - inch MacBook Pro , for a suggested retail price of $ 1,499 ( US ) , includes :
Â — Â 13.3 - inch widescreen LED - backlit 1280 x 800 glossy display ;
Â — Â 2.53 GHz Intel Core 2 Duo with 3MB shared L2 cache ;
Â — Â 1066 MHz front - side bus ;
Â — Â 4GB 1066 MHz DDR3 SDRAM , expandable to 8GB ;
Â — Â NVIDIA GeForce 9400 M integrated graphics ;
Â — Â 250GB serial ATA hard drive running at 5400 rpm , with Sudden Motion Sensor ;
Â — Â a slot - load 8X SuperDrive with double - layer support ( DVD +/-R DL / DVD+/-RW /CD-RW ) optical drive ;
Â — Â Mini DisplayPort for video output ( adapters sold separately ) ;
Â — Â built - in AirPort Extreme 802.11n wireless networking and Bluetooth 2.1+EDR ;
Â — Â Gigabit Ethernet port ;
Â — Â built - in iSight video camera ;
Â — Â two USB 2.0 ports ;
Â — Â one FireWire 800 port ( FireWire 400 compatible ) ;
Â — Â SD card slot ;
Â — Â one audio line in / out port , supporting both optical digital and analog ;
Â — Â glass Multi-Touch trackpad and illuminated keyboard ;
Â — Â built - in , 58 WHr lithium polymer battery ; and
Â — Â 60 Watt MagSafe Power Adapter .
Build - to - order options for the 13 - inch MacBook Pro include the ability to upgrade to 8 GB 1066 MHz DDR3 SDRAM , a 250 GB 5400 rpm , 320 GB 5400 rpm or 500 GB 5400 rpm hard drive , a 128GB or 256GB solid state drive , Mini DisplayPort to DVI Adapter , Mini DisplayPort to Dual - Link DVI Adapter ( for 30 - inch DVI display ) , Mini DisplayPort to VGA Adapter , Apple Remote , Apple MagSafe Airline Adapter and the AppleCare Protection Plan .
MacBook Air
Apple today also updated its thin and light MacBook Air , making it more powerful and more affordable .
Measuring just 0.16 to 0.76 - inches thin and weighing just three pounds , the MacBook Air is available in two models starting with the new entry price of $ 1,499 for a 1.86 GHz Intel Core 2 Duo system with a 120GB hard drive and NVIDIA GeForce 9400 M graphics , and a 2.13 GHz Intel Core 2 Duo system with a 128 GB solid state drive and NVIDIA GeForce 9400 M graphics for $ 1,799 .
Every Mac notebook achieves EPEAT
Gold status and meets Energy Star 5.0 requirements , setting a new standard for environmentally friendly notebook design .
Each unibody enclosure is made of highly recyclable aluminum and comes standard with energy efficient LED - backlit displays that are mercury - free and made with arsenic - free glass .
All MacBook Pro and MacBook
Air models contain no brominated flame retardants and use internal cables and components that are PVC - free .
The built - in battery design results in less waste and depleted batteries can be replaced for $ 129 or $ 179 , which includes installation and disposal of your old battery in an environmentally responsible manner .
Availability and upgrading to Snow Leopard
The new 13 - inch MacBook Pro and MacBook Air are available immediately through the Apple Store , Apple 's retail stores and Apple Authorized Resellers .
Want to see which region got what content ?
Look no further , as PlayStation LifeStyle has done the searching for you and compiled a list of what ’s new in this week ’s PlayStation Store Update , for all regions across the globe .
North American Update
Downloadable Games
Fat Princess ( $ 14.99 )
Watchmen : The End is Nigh Part 2 Videogame ( $ 14.99 )
Spec Ops : Airborne Commando ( $ 5.99 )
Add On Content
Rag Doll Kung Fu Time Saver DLC ( $ 1.99 )
Cross Edge Enigma Synth Pack ( 1 ) ( free )
Cross Edge Hero Pack ( $ 0.99 )
Cross Edge It ’ll Come in Handy Pack ( $ 0.99 )
Cross Edge This is Equipment Pack ( $ 0.99 )
Dynasty Warriors 6 Empires Eclectic Armor Set ( men ) ( free )
Dynasty Warriors 6 Empires Norse Armor Set ( men ) ( free )
Dynasty Warriors 6 Empires Priestess Armor Set ( women ) ( free )
Dynasty Warriors 6 Empires Valkyrie Armor Set ( women ) ( free )
PSone Classics PS3 / PSP
Spec Ops : Covert Assault ( $ 5.99 )
Wild Arms 2 ( $ 5.99 )
Rock Band
“ Crawl ” – Kings of Leon ( $ 1.99 )
“ Molly ’s Chambers ” - Kings of Leon ( $ 1.99 )
“ Sex on Fire ” - Kings of Leon ( $ 1.99 )
Kings of Leon Pack 01( $ 5.49 )
“ Last One to Die ” – Rancid ( $ 1.99 )
“ Time Bomb ” – Rancid ( $ 1.99 )
“ Ruby SoHo ” – Rancid ( $ 1.99 )
Rancid Track Pack 01 ( $ 5.49 )
“ Prayer of the Refugee ” – Rise Against ( $ 1.99 )
“ Re-Education ( Through Labor ) ” – Rise Against ( $ 1.99 )
“ Savior ” – Rise Against ( $ 1.99 )
Rise Against Track Pack 01 ( $ 5.49 )
“ Sweetness and Light ” – Lush ( $ 1.99 )
Guitar Hero World Tour
“ 100,000 Years ( Live ) ” — KISS ( $ 1.99 )
“ Deuce ( Live ) ” — KISS ( $ 1.99 )
“ Parasite ( Live ) ” — KISS ( $ 1.99 )
KISS Pack 01 ( $ 5.49 ) – This pack includes : “ 100,000 Years ( Live ) , ” “ Deuce ( Live ) , ” and “ Parasite ( Live ) ” by KISS .
“ Down ” — Blink 182 ( $ 1.99 )
“ Feeling This ” — Blink 182 ( $ 1.99 )
“ The Rock Show ” — Blink 182 ( $ 1.99 )
Blink 182 Pack 01 ( $ 5.49 ) – This pack includes : “ Down , ” “ Feeling This , ” and “ The Rock Show ” by Blink 182 .
“ My Name Is Jonas ” — Weezer ( $ 1.99 )
“ Pork and Beans ” — Weezer ( $ 1.99 )
“ Undone – The Sweater Song ” — Weezer ( $ 1.99 )
Weezer Pack 02 – ( $ 5.49 ) – This pack includes : “ My Name Is Jonas , ” “ Pork and Beans , ” and “ Undone – The Sweater Song ” by Weezer .
“ Out Here All Night ” — Damone ( $ 1.99 )
Game Demos ( free )
Madden NFL 10 Demo
Watchmen : The End is Nigh Part 2 Videogame Demo
Game Videos ( free )
Pulse 7/30 Edition
Killzone 2 DLC Bundle Pack Trailer
MAG Developer Diary 3
MAG Developer Diary 4
Dark Void Composer Interview
Unbound Saga Between the Panels Issue 1
Themes
Katamari Forever and Noby Noby Boy Themes ( free )
G.I. Joe Rise Of The Cobra : Cobra Theme ( $ 0.99 )
G.I. Joe Rise Of The Cobra : G.I. Joe Theme ( $ 0.99 )
Harry Potter XMB
Theme Pack ( $ 1.99 )
College Football Themes ( x5 ) ( Kansas , Kentucky , Michigan State , Nebraska and Wisconsin ) ( $ 1.99 each )
Wallpaper ( free )
God of War III Wallpapers ( x3 )
PSP
Brave Story : New Traveler ( $ 14.99 )
Pocket Pool ( $ 9.99 )
Strikers 1945 Plus ( $ 11.99 )
Rock Band Unplugged
“ Funk # 49 ″ — James Gang ( $ 1.99 )
“ Smooth Criminal ” — Alien Ant Farm ( $ 1.99 )
PSP Themes
Poll : Americans Lack Knowledge Of The Supreme Court
Yesterday , C - Span released an online survey conducted on June 7 2009 , among 1,002 voters who voted in the 2008 general election .
As the Senate confirmation hearings for Judge Sotomayor start next week , the poll ’s findings are alarming , and illustrate how little Americans know about the Supreme Court .
When asked how many Justices sit on the court only 49 percent were able to give the correct answer .
When asked if they could name any Justices on the Supreme Court , only 46 percent said yes , against 54 percent who said no .
When asked if they could name the first woman to serve as Justice on the Supreme Court , only 41 percent were able to answer as opposed to 59 percent who could not .
Only 43 percent of the people surveyed were able to identify Sonia Sotomayor as President Obama ’s nominee as opposed to 57 percent who did not know .
This is the C - Span survey .
A report published yesterday by the National Wildlife Federation blames recent US “ heavy storms and major floods ” on the higher concentrations of atmospheric water vapor brought on by manmade global warming .
Have any of these guys been outside lately ?
Announcing the results on their website yesterday , NWF climate scientist Dr. Amanda Staudt explained :
“ Global warming is partly to blame for these heavy rainfall events .
Warmer air simply can hold more moisture , so heavier precipitation is expected in the years to come . ”
According to the report itself [ PDF ] :
“ As the climate continues to warm , the atmosphere will be able to hold more water .
With more moisture in the air , the trend towards increasingly intense precipitation events will continue .
In the Midwest and Northeast , big storms that historically would only be seen once every 20 years are projected to happen as often as every 4 to 6 years by the end of the 21st century . ”
And those words apparently led Public News Service to conclude and inform its readers that the warmer - air - driven “ severe weather events ” depicted by the NWF include “ this summer 's nearly non -stop rain in New England . ”
As a resident of New York and frequent visitor to the Berkshires in Massachusetts , I can personally confirm the constant downpours .
But I can also affirm that last winter was among New England ’s coldest ever , with record low temperatures being reported throughout the region .
Like here and here and here .
And that this unusually wet spring / summer also saw unusually low , not high , temperatures .
Early June actually brought snow to areas of Northern New England .
Boston ’s mean temperature for June was 63.3 °F .
That ties it with June 1982 as the sixth coldest June on record there since records began in 1872 .
And the entire Northeast has been experiencing similar patterns .
In NYC ’s Central Park , June 2009 was tied with 1897 as the 8th coldest since 1869 ( that ’s 151 years ) .
A little to the west , Chicago had its coolest July 8 in 118 years .
And as to the NWF claiming that CO 2 induced warmer air is causing our relentless rain , perhaps they should have first read this June 22nd piece from The Guardian .
The British newspaper correctly reported that in the US Northeast , “ June so far has been the coldest in 27 years and is on track to become one of the wettest Junes on record , according to weather research firm Planalytics , which has tracked such data since the 1930s . ”
So why would a prestigious environmental group the likes of the NWF draw such laughably untimely correlations ?
Perhaps their proposed remedy might lend some insight .
Says Dr. Staudt : [ my emphasis ]
“ Now is the time to confront the realities of global warming , including the increasing frequency and intensity of heavy rainfall events across the country .
We must aggressively move toward a cleaner energy future and reduce global warming pollution , thereby ensuring that we avoid the worst impacts . ”
In fact , the report specifically recommends that global emissions be reduced “ by at least 80 percent by 2050 . ”
Which just happens to be the same figure the UN has been pushing as vital to the international climate agreement they ’ll seek in Copenhagen in December .
Time runs short on this international con-job .
That ’s why the faster global temperatures continue to fall , the louder you can expect these opportunists to nonetheless yell “ fire . ”
Mr. Cheney ’s memoir , which will focus on the past 40 years of his life , mostly in Washington , will be published in the spring of 2011 .
The deal was negotiated by Robert Barnett , a Washington lawyer who also represents Mr. Bush , former President Bill Clinton and President Obama .
Image Former Vice President Dick Cheney is working on a book .
Credit ... Brendan Hoffman / Getty Images
The former vice president is working with his eldest daughter , Liz Cheney , on the memoir .
Ms. Cheney is helping with research and “ filling in the gaps . ”
“ He ’s a student of history , and I think he never really planned to write a book , ” Ms. Cheney said .
“ But I think because the job he just finished is obviously his last job he ’ll ever have in government and because he cares about history and has been part of so many consequential events over the last 40 years , he wants to make sure that his story is told , and told in a way that his grandchildren will be able to understand and appreciate even 20 or 30 years from now . ”
She said Mr. Cheney had been writing out his thoughts in longhand but had also begun writing on a laptop , working in homes on the Eastern Shore of Maryland , in Virginia and in Wyoming .
In addition to covering his roles in the administrations of Presidents Richard M. Nixon , Gerald R. Ford , George Bush and George W. Bush , Mr. Cheney will write about his private - sector experience , including his time as chief executive of the Halliburton Company , the oil field services provider .
Otis Smith is the real Executive of the Year
All due respect to Denver ’s Mark Warkentien , who won the 2009 NBA Executive of the Year Award , but Orlando GM Otis Smith deserves the honor .
This is the problem with how the league hands out these awards at the end of the regular season — there ’s no way to take the playoffs into account .
Granted , it ’s a regular season award , but in that case , would n’t Danny Ferry deserve it for pulling the trigger on the Mo Williams trade , which led to an All - Star nod for the guard and a 66 - win season ?
Mitch Kupchak also deserves mention for his theft of Pau Gasol ( now a year and a half old ) along with mining Trevor Ariza and Shannon Brown from other team ’s benches .
Of course , Warkentien pulled arguably the best in - season move by sending Allen Iverson to Detroit for Chauncey Billups , which gave the Nuggets the toughness and defensive intensity to go from a Western Conference also - ran to a legitimate contender .
I did n’t like his decision to give away Marcus Camby last summer in a salary dump , but in his defense , his signing of Chris Andersen offset that loss .
Still , it would have been nice to have Camby on the roster against the Lakers , but there probably would n’t have been enough minutes for three centers .
Warkentien rolled the dice that Nene was ready to explode and that Andersen could bring energy , rebounding and shotblocking off the bench , and it worked out , for the most part .
Warkentien also signed Dahntay Jones , who eventually turned into ( sort of ) a starter for George Karl , and re-signed J.R. Smith .
Now let ’s take a look at the job Otis Smith has done ( from HoopsHype ) :
June 7 2007
Released head coach Billy Donovan and named Stan Van Gundy head coach .
July 11 2007
Traded a conditional second - round pick and cash to the Seattle SuperSonics for forward Rashard Lewis .
July 12 2007
Signed center Dwight Howard to a contract extension .
August 27 2007
Signed center Marcin Gortat .
October 31 2007
Signed guard Jameer Nelson to a contract extension .
Draft 2008
Selected guard Courtney Lee ( 22nd overall pick ) .
July 10 2008
Signed guard Mickael Pietrus .
July 15 2008
Signed guard Anthony Johnson .
February 19 2009
Traded forward Brian Cook to the Houston Rockets for guard Rafer Alston .
Traded center Adonal Foyle and guard Mike Wilks to the Memphis Grizzlies .
So , in the last two years , Smith has 1 ) locked up his two cornerstones ( Howard and Nelson ) to long term contracts , 2 ) traded for the versatile Lewis , who wreaked havoc in the Cleveland series , 3 ) found two starter - quality perimeter players in the draft ( Lee ) and free agency ( Pietrus ) , 4 ) found a couple of hard - nosed rotation guys in the draft ( Gortat ) and free agency ( Johnson ) , 5 ) pulled off a deal for Rafer Alston when Nelson went down , and 6 ) found a guy to coach them all up ( SVG ) after Billy Donovan left the franchise at the altar .
Smith might be a victim of his own reputation .
Prior to Lee , he did n’t do well in the draft ( Fran Vasquez and Travis Diener in 2005 ; J.J. Redick and James Augustine in 2006 ; Reyshawn Terry in 2007 ) , fell for Darko Milicic ’s potential in 2006 , and traded away Trevor Ariza in 2007 .
Bill Simmons writes :
Did Otis Smith plan on this ?
When he overpaid Lewis , was he thinking , “ I need to find a shooter to spread the floor for Dwight ? ”
Was he thinking , “ I am going to revolutionize basketball and I need Lewis to help me do it ? ”
Or was he just like a drunk guy at an auction throwing out some insane dollars to make sure he won ?
I am leaning toward the third scenario , and here ’s why : Smith basically gave away Trevor Ariza for Brian Cook and Mo Evans last year .
Does Cook make any sense for this ’09 Magic team ?
Of course not .
Does Ariza ?
Of course .
That ’s what makes me think Smith stumbled into it .
Revolutionary basketball geniuses do n’t throw cap space away or give up building blocks for no reason .
I think I ’ve written this about fifty times over the past three weeks , but the Magic are built in the same mold as the Hakeem Olajuwon - era Houston Rockets in that they have a dominant big man ( who is good enough to command a double team ) and have surrounded him with a bunch of shooters .
Where the Magic lineup differs from those Houston teams is at power forward , where Lewis ’ sharpshooting has replaced Otis Thorpe ’s strength and rebounding .
The Rockets surrounded Olajuwon with three shooters , while the Magic have gone one step further and have surrounded Howard with four .
Orlando can get away with this because the league is getting smaller .
True centers are a rare breed , and power forwards are going from 6 ’ 10 ” or 6 ’ 11 ” rebounding / post - up beasts to 6 ’ 8 ″ or 6 ’ 9 ″ versatile forwards with a face - up game .
Simmons says this is a result of expansion ( and a dilution of the overall talent ) , but it has more to do with the infusion of international players ( who prefer to face up ) and a tightening of the amount of contact that defenders can lay on the dribbler .
In short , the power forward has become a perimeter player , and other than Dirk Nowitzki , Lewis is about as good of a perimeter power forward as there is in the NBA .
( Kevin Garnett , David West , Carlos Boozer , Chris Bosh , Antawn Jamison and LaMarcus Aldridge are all power forwards with face - up games , but none of them stretch a defense quite like Nowitzki and Lewis can . )
In all honesty , I still think Smith overpaid for Lewis .
I do n’t know that there was another team in the running , but at that price tag ( $ 110 million ) , I doubt it .
Lewis should be getting $ 11 - $ 13 million a season , not the $ 16 - $ 21 million he ’ll be making over the next five years .
Still , you ca n’t argue with the results .
The Magic are in the Finals and Lewis is a big reason why .
As for Ariza , which is Simmons ’ trump card , let ’s not forget — the guy could n’t shoot a lick when he was in Orlando .
He developed his long ball in L.A. and that is one reason why he ’s flourishing there .
Smith knew he needed shooters at every position other than center , so he wanted a swingman who could play some defense , get to the rim , and be a threat from long range .
Ariza was capable in the first two areas , but while in Orlando he showed no signs of becoming a decent three point shooter .
Smith went out and signed Pietrus , who was able to ( sort of ) cover LeBron one - on - one and nail 47 % of his threes in the series ( and 35 % on the year ) .
He ’s also athletic enough to get to the rim when he ’s crowded on the perimeter .
Pietrus is what Smith wanted Ariza to be .
Besides , Simmons should take it easy on Smith .
Remember when his favorite GM , Danny Ainge , passed on Brandon Roy in the ’06 Draft so he could acquire Sebastian Telfair from the Blazers ?
They ca n’t all be beauties .
Ainge went on to win this award in the 2007 - 08 season .
And Cook …on the surface , he did n’t look to be as bad of a fit as he turned out to be .
He has size and can shoot it , so Smith might have seen a potential Lewis , Jr. on the horizon .
Besides , he turned Cook into Alston after Nelson went down , which was key in getting the Magic to the Finals .
So , even though he did n’t have a splashy move like Iverson - for - Billups , Smith deserves this honor , at least in my book .
This is a little photo gallery of a friendly chipmunk named Billy exploring the Star Wars universe in Flickr user powerpig 's backyard .
All the photos are real , Billy just happens to be very receptive to curious Ewoks and stormtroopers ( and maybe even a little Chewbacca action ! ) .
Heartwarming , is n't it ?
You keep him distracted , I 'll fire up the grill .
Hit the jump for a few more and a link to the entire Flickr gallery .
Flickr Gallery
via
Let 's Be Friends [ buzzfeed ]
Thanks to Cessy , who once had a pet raccoon and fed it leftovers .
Until it bit his finger -- then he had a cool hat .
Are
You looking to expand your business ?
Do you want to know how to generate your own FREE Leads ?
First , I had to learn a few Skills before I generated FREE LEADS for my business .
If you wanted to be a Doctor , you ’d want to go to college and learn to be one , do you agree ?
Of course you would !
Most people who read this ebook and look at this system , learn how to generate free leads and more .
Well , I found a team of Successful Network Marketers all willing to help me become the success I Deserve to be at NO COST .
And we can DO the Same for YOU !!!
By the way it does n’t matter what company you are in .
If you ’re looking for one even better !
Either way we can help you develop the SKILLS that one must learn in order to be the success you deserve to be in whatever Company you choose to be in !
I am sure you want to get started and want to know what to do .
It is so easy just download our ebook , http://cristiana.successin10steps.com/?mad=35949 and here is the BEST part it is All FREE !
The ebook , the training , the Mentoring and all the Coaching you can handle for NADA !
This is an incredible system that teaches you HOW to build online .
What do you have to lose ?
Your time .
And it will not be wasted , I can assure you .
To your Success ,
Cristiana Martinez
By Molly Bentley
Science reporter
Such a wave today would flood Wall Street and the Long Island Expressway
A huge wave crashed into the New York City region 2,300 years ago , dumping sediment and shells across Long Island and New Jersey and casting wood debris far up the Hudson River .
The scenario , proposed by scientists , is undergoing further examination to verify radiocarbon dates and to rule out other causes of the upheaval .
Sedimentary deposits from more than 20 cores in New York and New Jersey indicate that some sort of violent force swept the Northeast coastal region in 300BC .
If we 're wrong , it was one heck of a storm
Steven Goodbred
Vanderbilt University
It may have been a large storm , but evidence is increasingly pointing to a rare Atlantic Ocean tsunami .
Steven Goodbred , an Earth scientist at Vanderbilt University , said large gravel , marine fossils and other unusual deposits found in sediment cores across the area date to 2,300 years ago .
The size and distribution of material would require a high velocity wave and strong currents to move it , he said , and it is unlikely that short bursts produced in a storm would suffice .
" If we 're wrong , it was one heck of a storm , " said Dr Goodbred .
Landslide or asteroid ?
The origin of such a tsunami is also under debate .
An undersea landslide is the most likely source , but one research group has proposed that an asteroid impact provided the trigger .
In 300BC , barrier beaches and marsh grass embroidered the coast , and Native Americans walked the shore .
Today , a wave of the proposed size would leave Wall Street and the Long Island Expressway awash with salt water .
Atlantic tsunamis are rare , but could be triggered by submarine landslides An Atlantic tsunami was rare but not inconceivable , said Neal Driscoll , a geologist from Scripps Institution of Oceanography , who is not associated with the research .
But verifying one that is 2,000 years old is tricky .
Earthquakes , underwater landslides , or a combination of the two were the most frequent Atlantic tsunami triggers , said Professor Driscoll .
The 1929 Grand Banks tsunami , in Newfoundland , which killed more than two - dozen people and snapped many transatlantic cables , was set in motion by a submarine landslide set off by an earthquake .
Dr Goodbred imagines that the New York wave was on the Grand Banks scale - three to four metres high and big enough to leap over the barrier islands ; but that it did not reach the magnitude of the 2004 Sumatran tsunami .
The evidence is buried under metres of sediment in New York and New Jersey .
High - speed wave Dr Goodbred first proposed the link between the layers of unusual debris found in sediment cores and a tsunami while studying shellfish populations in Great South Bay , Long Island .
He extracted many mud cores with incongruous 20 cm layers of sand and gravel .
Their age matched that of wood deposits buried in the Hudson riverbed and marine fossils in a New Jersey debris flow in cores gathered by other researchers .
The fist - sized gravel he found in Long Island would require a high velocity of water - well over a metre per second - to land where it did , said Dr Goodbred .
Among the fossils and shells sandwiched in the organic black mud of Sandy Hook Bay , New Jersey , Marine Geologist Cecilia McHugh of Queens College , City University of New York , discovered mud balls made from red clay that matched iron - rich sediments found onshore .
The balls form their spherical shape only through vigorous reworking , said Dr McHugh , and they do not form in small storms .
" I did n't think much about it until we dated the deposit and came up with the same date that Steve did on Long Island , " she said .
It prompted her to check cores extracted from the upper continental slope 200 km offshore .
She discovered a 2,200 - year - old layer of sand and mud , on top of sedimentary layers 8,000 to 14,000 years old .
Dr McHugh says such relatively young debris is not found that far out on the slope , and the date is close to that of the New York and New Jersey samples .
Age of a storm
The age and nature of the material make tsunami verification a challenge .
The radiocarbon dates of the debris are accurate to within a century , said Dr Goodbred .
But the only evidence that a dramatic event took place thousands of years ago is common coastal debris - wood , sand , shells and rock .
Researchers must discern whether it was strewn by a tsunami or a hurricane , or another large storm , such as a " nor ' easter " , said Professor Driscoll .
Unusual layers in sediment cores may be a sign of an ancient tsunami " Understanding the origins of these deposits can be difficult , " he added .
While tsunamis can occur in any ocean , they are most common in the Pacific and Indian Oceans where continental plates collide .
There , large undersea earthquakes are relatively common .
In the Atlantic , where the plates spread , tsunamis are rare , which means Atlantic tsunamis are not well studied , said Bruce Jaffe , of the United States Geological Survey .
There is little research on tsunami debris in the variety of northeast coastal environments - riverbeds , marine bays - where the New York debris layers were found .
There are few modern analogues to compare them with for identification , he said .
" Grand Banks is the only unequivocal tsunami in the Atlantic on the Northeast coast because there were eye - witness accounts and the deposits matched that of other modern tsunamis , " said Dr Jaffe .
To rule out the possibility of a severe storm , said Professor Driscoll , tsunami groups should collect more core samples to see whether the distribution of the debris is consistent .
Dr Goodbred said teams were planning to do just that .
And this would confirm that the deposits are not quirks of local geology .
' Circumstantial evidence '
The researchers would also repeat carbon dating on cores to verify ages , said Dr Goodbred , but he has a hunch the tsunami theory will win out .
" We 're building a case of circumstantial evidence that is getting harder and harder to ignore , " he said .
While many geologists say a submarine landslide is the likely trigger of a tsunami , a group led by geologist Dallas Abbot thinks a space impactor may have set off the massive wave .
Some researchers suspect a space impactor may have been involved Her team discovered material in the New Jersey and Hudson River cores dated to 2,300 ago , and believe it to be meteoritic in nature .
This includes carbon spherules , shocked minerals , and nanodiamonds , which are produced under extreme pressures and temperatures .
" We did n't find the typical shocked quartz , but that is usual for a water impact , " said Dr Abbott , from the Lamont Doherty Earth Observatory of Columbia University .
She theorised that an asteroid landed in the water off the coast of New York and New Jersey , either creating the wave directly or triggering a submarine landslide .
No crater has yet been found .
Many geologists and other scientists remain sceptical of the asteroid evidence so far ; but proof of an asteroid impact is not necessary to build the case for a massive wave .
As Dr Goodbred pointed out : " The tsunami story stands on its own without the impact . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Hendrik Hertzberg remembers Stonewall :
Even in the legendarily liberated nineteen - sixties , mainstream attitudes toward homosexuality were benighted to a degree that is difficult to exaggerate .
“ Sodomy ” between consenting adults was against the law almost everywhere .
“ Perversion ” was a firing offense throughout the federal government , not just in the military .
The American Psychiatric Association classified homosexuality as a “ sociopathic ” mental disorder .
In the Daily News , gays were “ homos . ”
In 1966 , three years before Stonewall , Time , then the voice of middlebrow , middle - class respectability , published a long essay on “ The Homosexual in America . ”
The magazine , while acknowledging that “ homosexuals are present in every walk of life , ” concluded that homosexuality
Well , of course he does .
But the idea that this is about vengeance is a piece of fantasy .
Or as Hilzoy nicely puts it ,
Who died and made David Broder Sigmund Freud ?
If I had one belief in politics , it would be that the freedoms secured by the modern
West are worth fighting for .
Absolutely central to those freedoms is barring the executive branch from torturing people .
No power is more fatal to freedom and the rule of law than torture .
It is like Tolkien 's ring : no society remains free , if its rulers use it .
Its power is banned because it is a solvent to the rule of law , the establishment of truth , and the limits of government .
For an administration to secretly and illegally unleash this weapon - against citizens and non-citizens alike - and to demand that it not be subsequently called to account , that it be allowed to get away with it under some absurd notion that it's too divisive to hold war criminals accountable for their crimes is and was an outrage .
Punishing those responsible for war crimes is not " scapegoating " .
You know what scapegoating is ?
It 's throwing Lynndie England in jail for following orders given by George W. Bush , while leaving him to the luxury of a Texan suburb .
The precedent of a torturing American president must be reversed .
That means it can not be allowed to stand .
There is no way the American experiment can continue while legal and historical precedent gives the president the inherent authority to torture .
It is the undoing of the core idea of the founding - protection against arbitrary , lawless , cruel and despotic rule .
And the impact on the entire world of America allowing this to stand would be profound .
The world looks here for moral leadership .
Those who endure real political oppression , imprisonment , torture and abuse at the hands of despots look to America for leadership , for guidance , for hope .
If America - America - discovers that its own president has illegally tortured and decides that it simply wo n't do anything about it , that it does n't matter , that it 's too polarizing to restore the rule of law ... then what hope do those people have ?
To whom will they look when they fight far more pervasive tyranny , buttressed by the same absolute power to coerce the truth and break the human soul ?
We do n't want vengeance .
We want America back .
And we are going to fight on and on until we get it back .
This content requires the most recent version of the Adobe Flash Player .
Get this version below :
Get Flash
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Martin Fletcher | July 07 THE Iranian Supreme Leader , assailed by some of his country 's most prominent clerics and detested by millions of his ordinary citizens , has received a boost from an unlikely quarter : Joe Biden .
One day after the US Vice - President said that the US would not stop Israel bombing Iran 's nuclear plants , Ayatollah Khamenei launched a fierce attack on " meddling " Western leaders , designed to rally his fractured people .
" We warn the leaders of those countries trying to take advantage of the situation : beware !
The Iranian nation will react , " the Ayatollah declared in a televised speech yesterday .
" The leaders of arrogant countries , the nosy meddlers in the affairs of the Islamic Republic , must know that even if the Iranian people have their differences , when your enemies get involved , the people ... will become a firm fist against you . "
Tehran has backed the warning with action against foreign interests in Iran : a locally hired employee at the British Embassy , Hossein Rossam , has been arrested and faces charges of threatening Iranian national security .
Yesterday the French Foreign Minister confirmed that a French woman academic had been arrested last week on spying charges .
Ayatollah Khamenei said that interventionist comments by outside countries would have a " negative impact " on future relations with Iran ; a not - so - veiled threat at a time when the West is anxious to resume negotiations to halt the Islamic Republic 's nuclear program .
In recent days a succession of powerful clerics - the Grand Ayatollahs Yousof Sanei , Hossein Ali Montazeri and Jalaleddin Taheri , the former President Mohammed Khatami and the defeated presidential candidate Mehdi Karoubi - have openly challenged the Supreme Leader by refusing to accept the re-election of Mahmoud Ahmadinejad .
On Saturday the influential Association of Researchers and Teachers of Qom challenged the " victory " over Mir Hossein Mousavi .
Yesterday the association 's leader , Grand Ayatollah Hossein Mousavi Tabrizi , urged Mr Mousavi to form a political party to fight for justice .
Analysts expect more clerics to speak out now they have been given a lead .
Plenty of hardline clerics still back Ayatollah Khamenei and Mr Ahmadinejad , and they control key bodies such as the Guardian Council - but the dissident clerics do matter .
Many were close to the late Ayatollah Khomeini , father of the Islamic Republic , and have impeccable revolutionary credentials .
They can mobilise hundreds of thousands of followers .
Their statements raise the morale of the battered opposition and further erode Ayatollah Khamenei 's legitimacy .
" This is the first time so many clerics have refused to accept the leader 's word , " said one Iranian analyst .
" His legitimacy has been destroyed , and he either has to rule by force alone or lose face and back down . "
Ayatollah Khamenei , 69 , was President from 1981 to 1989 , and was the compromise candidate to succeed Khomeini when the Supreme Leader died in 1989 .
He has increasingly allied himself with hardliners and backed Mr Ahmadinejad in the presidential election of 2005 in the hope that he could be easily controlled .
" The Supreme Leader is supposed to remain above the political fray , but Mr Khamenei has shown himself to be partisan - at considerable cost to his office and himself , " said the analyst .
Lost Suitcases in Airport Restrooms
Want to cause chaos at an airport ?
Leave a suitcase in the restroom :
Three incoming flights from London were cancelled and about 150 others were delayed for up to three hours , while the army ’s bomb squad carried out its investigation , before giving the all - clear at about 5 pm .
Passengers were told to leave the arrivals hall , main check - in area at the terminal building , the food courts and shops , and gather at safety areas outside .
The scare led to major traffic disruption around the airport , with tailbacks stretching back about a mile .
Some passengers faced lengthy walks to the airport after being dropped off by shuttle bus from the city centre .
Oddest quote is from a police spokesperson :
“ Inquires are under way to establish how the luggage came to be located within the toilets . ”
My guess is that someone left it there .
I ’d suggest this as a good denial - of - service attack , but certainly there is a video camera recording of the person bringing the suitcase into the airport .
The article says it was left in the “ domestic arrivals area . ”
I do n’t know if that ’s inside airport security or not .
Posted on July 10 , 2009 at 12:45 PM • 54 Comments
To be older than 25 is to remember a time when music videos mattered .
" Thriller . " " November Rain . "
That a- ha song where the comic - book character busts through the brick wall : cultural touchstones , the lot of them .
Your friends watched them , you watched them , and that girl you met at the mall watched them , which meant you two had something to talk about .
Who the hell talks about the paint - by - numbers stuff that passes for videos today ?
But then there is director Sam Jones 's Internet - only video for the Cold War Kids 's " I 've Seen Enough . "
Jones , a longtime Esquire photographer and the director of the excellent Wilco documentary I Am Trying to Break Your Heart , shot each of the band 's four members separately as they performed four different versions of the track .
Then , with his production company , Tool of North America , Jones found a way to stream four different versions of the song simultaneously on the same screen at the same time .
And then he figured out how to make it interactive .
Addictively so .
Click on the screen , and you can mix and match the different versions at will .
Mute and unmute instruments as the song plays ; pair the vocals of one version with the guitar of another and the piano of still another ; watch as the bandmates take a break when they 're not playing , or ( cooler still ) pause for a moment before entering the song hard on the downbeat .
It 's necessary viewing , if for no other reason than to remind you that music videos once had the ability to inspire and entertain .
And that , if more directors and musicians took their cues from Sam Jones and the Cold War Kids , they might once again .
RELATED LINKS :
EARLIER : Uh , These Are the Five Most Popular Music Videos on MTV.com ?
NEW MUSIC : Chris Cornell Reviews Five Summer Singles
DOWNLOADS : 50 Songs Every Man Should Be Listening To
ESSENTIALS : The 75 Albums Every Man Should Own
Richard Dorment Richard Dorment is the editor - in - chief of Men ’s Health .
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
The ship left the Cypriot port of Larnaca on Monday Israeli forces have boarded a ship trying to carry aid and pro-Palestinian activists to the Gaza Strip in defiance of Israel 's blockade of the territory .
The 20 passengers include former US congresswoman Cynthia McKinney and Nobel Prize winner Mairead Maguire .
The activists also include some Britons , campaigners said .
Ms McKinney described it as " an outrageous violation of international law " , as the boat was on a humanitarian mission and was not in Israeli waters .
The Israeli military said the boat was trying to enter Gaza illegally .
The US - based Free Gaza Movement has breached the blockade five times since August 2008 .
Two other attempts by the activist group were stopped by Israeli warships during Israel 's three - week military offensive in Gaza in December and January .
Israel keeps a tight hold on Gaza , which is ruled by the militant Palestinian group Hamas .
The Israeli military said the passengers and crew of the Greek - registered ship Arion would be handed over to immigration authorities in Ashdod , and its humanitarian aid cargo would be taken to Gaza by road after a security check .
" An Israeli navy force intercepted , boarded and took control of the cargo boat Arion ... as it was illegally attempting to enter the Gaza Strip , " a military spokesman said .
Reconstruction
The British Foreign Office said on Tuesday it was aware of the situation and was trying to clarify the facts .
" We would be concerned if the stories of the Israeli Navy boarding the boat in international waters were true , " a spokesman said .
" We have made it clear to Israel that we are very concerned for the safety of British nationals . "
The mission is the latest by the Free Gaza Movement , which has renamed the ferry Spirit of Humanity .
" This is an outrageous violation of international law against us .
Our boat was not in Israeli waters , and we were on a human rights mission to the Gaza Strip , " said Ms McKinney in a statement .
" President [ Barack ]
Obama just told Israel to let in humanitarian and reconstruction supplies , and that 's exactly what we tried to do .
We 're asking the international community to demand our release so we can resume our journey . "
On Monday , a report by the International Committee of the Red Cross described the 1.5 million Palestinians living in Gaza as people " trapped in despair " , unable to rebuild their lives after Israel 's offensive .
Donors have pledged $ 4.5 billion for reconstruction and rehabilitation in Gaza following the 22 - day offensive .
According to the United Nations , the military campaign left more than 50,000 homes , 800 industrial properties and 200 schools damaged or destroyed , as well as 39 mosques and two churches .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
In what is being called the first ever of its kind in New York City , Livable Streets Education teamed up with Community Roots Charter School and PS 67 and got a helping hand from New York Cares and The Myrtle Avenue Brooklyn Partnership to paint a magnificent street mural on St. Edwards Street in Fort Greene , Brooklyn .
The project , which was designed by art students , was done with the blessing of NYC Department of Transportation under their new Urban Art Program initiative .
These short term , art projects on city assets under their purview are now referred to as " Arterventions " by the DOT .
As you 'll see the students , teachers , volunteers and neighborhood residents all pitched in to bring the street to life , courtesy of tweleve vibrant colors .
And as the event was wrapping , trucks from a Million Trees NYC appeared and started planting trees on the block .
How 's that for good karma ?
< br > < p >< font size = " 3 " face = " Times New Roman " >[ music ] </ font > < br ></p> < p >< font size = " 3 " face = " Times New Roman " >< i>
All :</i> [ 00:02 ]
Paint some streets .</ font ></p> < p > < br ></p> < p >< font size = " 3 " face = " Times New Roman " ></ font ></p> < p >< font size = " 3 " face = " Times New Roman " >< i> Speaker : </i > [ 00:04 ]
It ’s very good to do your community good .
</ font ></p> < p > < br ></p> < p >< font size = " 3 " face = " Times New Roman " ></ font ></p> < p >< font size = " 3 " face = " Times New Roman " >[ music ] </ font > < br ></p> < p >< font size = " 3 " face = " Times New Roman " >< i> Kim Wiley - Schwartz : </i > [ 00:20 ]
We ’ve partnered with Community Roots Charter School at PS 67 to paint the actual pavement here in New York City .
</ font ></p> < p > < br ></p> < p >< font size = " 3 " face = " Times New Roman " ></ font ></p> < p >< font size = " 3 " face = " Times New Roman " >[ music ] </ font > < br ></p> < p >< font size = " 3 " face = " Times New Roman " >< i> Kim Wiley - Schwartz : </i > [ 00:32 ]
It ’s been an amazing day .
We ’re here between a school and a set of public apartments and everybody ’s come out today to paint with us and to beautify the street , but even more importantly , make it more scaleable for kids .
I mean it just has n’t been safe here for the kids to cross from the apartments to the school and we think this might raise awareness for that .
</ font ></p> < p > < br ></p> < p >< font size = " 3 " face = " Times New Roman " ></ font ></p> < p >< font size = " 3 " face = " Times New Roman " >< i> Leslie Elvin : </i > [ 00:52 ]
We were approached by Livable Streets to paint the street with them and when they approached us I did n’t even know what they were talking about because I ’ve never imagined painting on the street .
We were already working on a public art project with our second graders so it meshed perfectly .
We ’d been going round the city seeing public art .
The kids learned that public art is around us , we do n’t necessarily have to go to a museum to see art , it ’s in our world , in the public spaces .
</ font ></p> < p > < br ></p> < p >< font size = " 3 " face = " Times New Roman " ></ font ></p> < p >< font size = " 3 " face = " Times New Roman " >< i> Ellie Balk : </i > [ 01:17 ]
Leslie had them do like kaleidoscope drawings which I thought were really cool .
And I did the map cos I like maps and that ’s what I do .
So we came out this morning and we sketched the whole thing out in chalk and we used rope and tied it around and made big circles and then we took chalk and taped it onto a big ruler and made the path .
</ font ></p> < p > < br ></p> < p >< font size = " 3 " face = " Times New Roman " ></ font ></p> < p >< font size = " 3 " face = " Times New Roman " >< i> Linda Blacken : </i > [ 01:37 ]
I ’ve got about 35 people here today .
One of the things New York Cares does one of the main subject areas is working with children so this is like a double bonus being able to work in the community as well as working with children .
</ font ></p> < p > < br ></p> < p >< font size = " 3 " face = " Times New Roman " ></ font ></p> < p >< font size = " 3 " face = " Times New Roman " >< i> Speaker : </i > [ 01:48 ]
You guys having fun ?</ font ></p> < p > < br ></p> < p >< font size = " 3 " face = " Times New Roman " ></ font ></p> < p >< font size = " 3 " face = " Times New Roman " >< i> Speaker : </i > [ 01:49 ]
Yes .
Yes , we are .
Kind of messy it is .
</ font ></p> < p > < br ></p> < p >< font size = " 3 " face = " Times New Roman " ></ font ></p> < p >< font size = " 3 " face = " Times New Roman " >< i> Speaker : </i > [ 01:54 ]
I really enjoyed myself with my daughter .
Community Roots is really doing it again .
It ’s a beautiful day for them to come out and get their hands all messy and paint everywhere , put their little smocks on and just come together as a community is really a good thing , you know , I ’ve really enjoyed myself with the kids .
</ font ></p> < p > < br ></p> < p >< font size = " 3 " face = " Times New Roman " ></ font ></p> < p >< font size = " 3 " face = " Times New Roman " >< i> Speaker : </i > [ 02:12 ]
It ’s like part of history .
This is the first time , you know , that they ’re allowing us to do this so who does n’t want to be part of it ?</ font></p> < p > < br ></p> < p >< font size = " 3 " face = " Times New Roman " ></ font ></p> < p >< font size = " 3 " face = " Times New Roman " >< i> Speaker : </i > [ 02:20 ]
Actually it ’s fun .
You get to make all types of shapes and finger paint .
</ font ></p> < p > < br ></p> < p >< font size = " 3 " face = " Times New Roman " ></ font ></p> < p >< font size = " 3 " face = " Times New Roman " >< i> Speaker : </i > [ 02:23 ]
Do you think everybody should be able to paint their street ?</ font ></p> < p > < br ></p> < p >< font size = " 3 " face = " Times New Roman " ></ font ></p> < p >< font size = " 3 " face = " Times New Roman " >< i> Speaker : </i > [ 02:26 ]
Yes , everyone should .
It ’d make it look nicer for a change .
</ font ></p> < p > < br ></p> < p >< font size = " 3 " face = " Times New Roman " ></ font ></p> < p >< font size = " 3 " face = " Times New Roman " >[ music ] </ font > < br ></p> < p >< font size = " 3 " face = " Times New Roman " >< i> Wendy Feuer : </i > [ 02:44 ]
This is exactly what we mean by community building and reaching out , and then you are left with a beautiful product .
This is one of our first projects , it ’s very exciting for us especially with Livable Streets Education and working with communities , whether it ’s professional or it ’s like we worked with on Montague Street with the cosies , or with schools and young people .
</ font ></p> < p > < br ></p> < p >< font size = " 3 " face = " Times New Roman " ></ font ></p> < p >< font size = " 3 " face = " Times New Roman " >< i> Speaker : </i > [ 03:05 ]
The kids are happy , the volunteers are happy , the families are happy and this has just been an amazing experience .
</ font ></p> < p > < br ></p> < p >< font size = " 3 " face = " Times New Roman " ></ font ></p> < p >< font size = " 3 " face = " Times New Roman " >< i> Kim Wiley - Schwartz : </i > [ 03:11 ]
We just think this project has been such a great community building event .
We would love to see this happen in other places around New York City , especially where school zones need to be marked more effectively and so the kids can be safer on their way to school .
</ font > < br > </ p> < p >< font size = " 3 " face = " Times New Roman " >[ music ] </ font > < br ></p>
http://transcriptdivas.ca/transcription-canada/
Old webpage removed .
Do n't know what I was doing or why I thought I was doing it .
/ Martin Nilsson
If you still want to reach me , you can do so at :
skrjablin < at > yahoo < < dot >> se
WASHINGTON - NASA is funding the development of a prototype system to provide aircraft with updates about severe storms and turbulence as they fly across remote ocean regions .
Scientists at the National Center for Atmospheric Research ( NCAR ) in Boulder , Colo. , in partnership with colleagues at the University of Wisconsin , are developing a system that combines satellite data and computer weather models with cutting - edge artificial intelligence techniques .
The goal is to identify and predict rapidly evolving storms and other potential areas of turbulence .
" Turbulence is the leading cause of injuries in commercial aviation , " said John Haynes , program manager in the Earth Science Division 's Applied Sciences Program at NASA Headquarters in Washington .
" This new work to detect the likelihood of turbulence associated with oceanic storms using key space - based indicators is of crucial importance to pilots . "
The system is designed to help guide pilots away from intense weather .
A variety of NASA spacecraft observations are being used in the project , including data from NASA 's Terra , Aqua , Tropical Rainfall Measuring Mission , CloudSat and CALIPSO satellites .
The prototype system will identify areas of turbulence in clear regions of the atmosphere as well as within storms .
It is on track for testing next year .
Pilots on selected transoceanic routes will receive real - time turbulence updates and provide feedback .
When the system is finalized , it will provide pilots and ground - based controllers with text - based maps and graphical displays showing regions of likely turbulence and storms .
" Pilots currently have little weather information as they fly over remote stretches of the ocean , which is where some of the worst turbulence occurs , " said scientist John Williams , one of the project leads at NCAR .
" Providing pilots with at least an approximate picture of developing storms could help guide them safely around areas of potentially severe turbulence . "
NCAR currently provides real - time maps of turbulence at various altitudes over the continental United States .
Williams and his colleagues are building on this expertise to identify turbulence over oceans .
The team has created global maps of clear air turbulence based on global computer weather models that include winds and other instabilities in the atmosphere .
Drawing on satellite images of storms , the scientists also have created global views of the tops of storm clouds .
Higher cloud tops often are associated with more intense storms , although not necessarily with turbulence .
The next step is to pinpoint areas of possible turbulence within and around intense storms .
The team will study correlations between storms and turbulence over the continental United States , where weather is closely observed , and then infer patterns of turbulence for storms over oceans .
In addition to providing aircraft and ground controllers with up - to - the - minute maps of turbulence , the NCAR team is turning to an artificial intelligence technique , known as " random forests , " to provide short - term forecasts .
Random forests , which have proven useful for forecasting thunderstorms over land , consist of many decision trees that each cast a yes - or - no " vote " on crucial elements of the storm at future points in time and space .
This enables scientists to forecast the movement and strength of the storm during the next few hours .
" Our goal is to give pilots a regularly updated picture of the likely storms ahead as they fly over the ocean , so they can take action to minimize turbulence and keep their aircraft out of danger , " explained NCAR scientist Cathy Kessinger , a project team member .
The NCAR project is funded by NASA 's Applied Sciences Program , which seeks to translate NASA 's investment in Earth observations into applications that address real problems .
The program and its partners are working to bridge the gap between research results and operational aviation weather products in such areas as in - flight icing , convective weather , turbulence , volcanic ash and space weather .
For images related to this turbulence prototype system , visit :
http://www.nasa.gov/topics/earth/features/turbulence.html
For more information about NASA and agency programs , visit :
http://www.nasa.gov
- end -
text - only version of this release
NASA press releases and other information are available automatically by sending a blank e-mail message to hqnews-subscribe@mediaservices.nasa.gov .
To unsubscribe from this mailing list , send a blank e-mail message to hqnews-unsubscribe@mediaservices.nasa.gov .
Back to NASA Newsroom | Back to NASA Homepage
( CNN ) --
A judge set bond at $ 2 million Thursday for a 35 - year - old woman who faces charges in the case of a woman whose baby was ripped from her womb .
Darlene Haynes , pictured with one of her other children , was found slain in her apartment closet , authorities said .
Investigators detained Julie A. Corey on Wednesday afternoon and charged her with being a fugitive from justice .
They found her with a newborn in Plymouth , New Hampshire , during an investigation into the death of 23 - year - old Darlene Haynes , whose body was found Monday in the closet of her home in Worcester , Massachusetts .
Haynes was eight months pregnant .
Haynes was last seen July 23 , and police suspect she had been dead for several days when her body was discovered , wrapped in bedding .
Watch neighbors describe victim »
A friend told CNN affiliate WHDH that she received a text message from Haynes at 11:20 p.m.
July 23 that said she was having wine coolers with a friend at her apartment .
Officers received tips from women who became suspicious of another friend of Haynes ' who turned up with a newborn girl when Haynes disappeared .
Worcester police said they learned that " a woman connected with Ms. Haynes " told her acquaintances she had delivered a baby sometime during the night of July 23 or morning of July 24 at an undisclosed Massachusetts hospital .
" When the woman appeared with the newborn baby girl in Worcester on Friday , July 24 , the suspicions of a number of this woman 's acquaintances were piqued .
In the aftermath of the discovery of Ms. Haynes ' body and the information that her fetus was missing was reported in the media , several of these acquaintances advised detectives of their suspicions , " the police statement said .
Police sought and found Corey and determined she and a man had moved to New Hampshire , the statement said .
The two were brought in for questioning and Corey was arrested on suspicion of being a fugitive from justice .
" This charge is supported by probable cause developed by the Worcester Police Department alleging the kidnapping of the infant child found in the custody of Julie Corey , " the Worcester police statement said .
The baby was determined to be a few days old , said Michele Hutchins , spokeswoman for Speare Memorial Hospital in Plymouth .
" She is in good condition and doing just fine , " Hutchins said .
Hospital officials are expecting to transfer her custody to Massachusetts child welfare workers .
" As the story began to unfold more over the last 24 hours , and then of course with the arrest of someone here in Plymouth tied to that , and then subsequently a baby coming into our hospital , a lot of people are certainly touched and hoping for the best , " Hutchins said .
During an arraignment Thursday , Corey did not waive extradition to Massachusetts .
She is scheduled to appear in court again on August 31 .
CNN Radio's Steve Kastenbaum contributed to this report .
All About Murder and Homicide
By George Friedman Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is visiting Washington for his first official visit with U.S. President Barack Obama .
A range of issues — including the future of Israeli - Palestinian negotiations , Israeli - Syrian talks and Iran policy — are on the table .
This is one of an endless series of meetings between U.S. presidents and Israeli prime ministers over the years , many of which concerned these same issues .
Yet little has changed .
That Israel has a new prime minister and the United States a new president might appear to make this meeting significant .
But this is Netanyahu 's second time as prime minister , and his government is as diverse and fractious as most recent Israeli governments .
Israeli politics are in gridlock , with deep divisions along multiple fault lines and an electoral system designed to magnify disagreements .
Obama is much stronger politically , but he has consistently acted with caution , particularly in the foreign policy arena .
Much of his foreign policy follows from the Bush administration .
He has made no major breaks in foreign policy beyond rhetoric ; his policies on Iraq , Afghanistan , Iran , Russia and Europe are essentially extensions of pre-existing policy .
Obama faces major economic problems in the United States and clearly is not looking for major changes in foreign policy .
He understands how quickly public sentiment can change , and he does not plan to take risks he does not have to take right now .
This , then , is the problem : Netanyahu is coming to Washington hoping to get Obama to agree to fundamental redefinitions of the regional dynamic .
For example , he wants Obama to re-examine the commitment to a two - state solution in the Israeli - Palestinian dispute .
( Netanyahu 's foreign minister , Avigdor Lieberman , has said Israel is no longer bound by prior commitments to that concept . )
Netanyahu also wants the United States to commit itself to a finite time frame for talks with Iran , after which unspecified but ominous - sounding actions are to be taken .
Facing a major test in Afghanistan and Pakistan , Obama has more than enough to deal with at the moment .
Moreover , U.S. presidents who get involved in Israeli - Palestinian negotiations frequently get sucked into a morass from which they do not return .
For Netanyahu to even request that the White House devote attention to the Israeli - Palestinian problem at present is asking a lot .
Asking for a complete review of the peace process is even less realistic .
Obstacles to the Two - State Solution
The foundation of the Israeli - Palestinian peace process for years has been the assumption that there would be a two - state solution .
Such a solution has not materialized for a host of reasons .
First , at present there are two Palestinian entities , Gaza and the West Bank , which are hostile to each other .
Second , the geography and economy of any Palestinian state would be so reliant on Israel that independence would be meaningless ; geography simply makes the two - state proposal almost impossible to implement .
Third , no Palestinian government would have the power to guarantee that rogue elements would not launch rockets at Israel , potentially striking at the Tel Aviv - Jerusalem corridor , Israel 's heartland .
And fourth , neither the Palestinians nor the Israelis have the domestic political coherence to allow any negotiator to operate from a position of confidence .
Whatever the two sides negotiated would be revised and destroyed by their political opponents , and even their friends .
For this reason , the entire peace process — including the two - state solution — is a chimera .
Neither side can live with what the other can offer .
But if it is a fiction , it is a fiction that serves U.S. purposes .
The United States has interests that go well beyond Israeli interests and sometimes go in a different direction altogether .
Like Israel , the United States understands that one of the major obstacles to any serious evolution toward a two - state solution is Arab hostility to such an outcome .
The Jordanians have feared and loathed Fatah in the West Bank ever since the Black September uprisings of 1970 .
The ruling Hashemites are ethnically different from the Palestinians ( who constitute an overwhelming majority of the Jordanian population ) , and they fear that a Palestinian state under Fatah would threaten the Jordanian monarchy .
For their part , the Egyptians see Hamas as a descendent of the Muslim Brotherhood , which seeks the Mubarak government 's ouster — meaning Cairo would hate to see a Hamas - led state .
Meanwhile , the Saudis and the other Arab states do not wish to see a radical altering of the status quo , which would likely come about with the rise of a Palestinian polity .
At the same time , whatever the basic strategic interests of the Arab regimes , all pay lip service to the principle of Palestinian statehood .
This is hardly a unique situation .
States frequently claim to favor various things they actually are either indifferent to or have no intention of doing anything about .
Complicating matters for the Arab states is the fact that they have substantial populations that do care about the fate of the Palestinians .
These states thus are caught between public passion on behalf of Palestinians and the regimes ' interests that are threatened by the Palestinian cause .
The states ' challenge , accordingly , is to appear to be doing something on behalf of the Palestinians while in fact doing nothing .
The United States has a vested interest in the preservation of these states .
The futures of Egypt , Saudi Arabia and the Gulf states are of vital importance to Washington .
The United States must therefore simultaneously publicly demonstrate its sensitivity to pressures from these nations over the Palestinian question while being careful to achieve nothing — an easy enough goal to achieve .
The various Israeli - Palestinian peace processes have thus served U.S. and Arab interests quite well .
They provide the illusion of activity , with high - level visits breathlessly reported in the media , succeeded by talks and concessions — all followed by stalemate and new rounds of violence , thus beginning the cycle all over again .
The Palestinian Peace Process as Political Theater
One of the most important proposals Netanyahu is bringing to Obama calls for reshaping the peace process .
If Israeli President Shimon Peres is to be believed , Netanyahu will not back away from the two - state formula .
Instead , the Israeli prime minister is asking that the various Arab state stakeholders become directly involved in the negotiations .
In other words , Netanyahu is proposing that Arab states with very different public and private positions on Palestinian statehood be asked to participate — thereby forcing them to reveal publicly their true positions , ultimately creating internal political crises in the Arab states .
The clever thing about this position is that Netanyahu not only knows his request will not become a reality , but he also does not want it to become a reality .
The political stability of Jordan , Saudi Arabia and Egypt is as much an Israeli interest as an American one .
Indeed , Israel even wants a stable Syria , since whatever would come after the Alawite regime in Damascus would be much more dangerous to Israeli security than the current Syrian regime .
Overall , Israel is a conservative power .
In terms of nation - states , it does not want upheaval ; it is quite content with the current regimes in the Arab world .
But Netanyahu would love to see an international conference with the Arab states roundly condemning Israel publicly .
This would shore up the justification for Netanyahu 's policies domestically while simultaneously creating a framework for reshaping world opinion by showing an Israel isolated among hostile states .
Obama is likely hearing through diplomatic channels from the Arab countries that they do not want to participate directly in the Palestinian peace process .
And the United States really does not want them there , either .
The peace process normally ends in a train wreck anyway , and Obama is in no hurry to see the wreckage .
He will want to insulate other allies from the fallout , putting off the denouement of the peace process as long as possible .
Obama has sent George Mitchell as his Middle East special envoy to deal with the issue , and from the U.S. president 's point of view , that is quite enough attention to the problem .
Netanyahu , of course , knows all this .
Part of his mission is simply convincing his ruling coalition — and particularly Lieberman , whom Netanyahu needs to survive , and who is by far Israel 's most aggressive foreign minister ever — that he is committed to redefining the entire Israeli - Palestinian relationship .
But in a broader context , Netanyahu is looking for greater freedom of action .
By posing a demand the United States will not grant , Israel is positioning itself to ask for something that appears smaller .
Israel and the Appearance of Freedom of Action What Israel actually would do with greater freedom of action is far less important than simply creating the appearance that the United States has endorsed Israel 's ability to act in a new and unpredictable manner .
From Israel 's point of view , the problem with Israeli - Palestinian relations is that Israel is under severe constraints from the United States , and the Palestinians know it .
This means that the Palestinians can even anticipate the application of force by Israel , meaning they can prepare for it and endure it .
From Netanyahu 's point of view , Israel 's primary problem is that the Palestinians are confident they know what the Israelis will do .
If Netanyahu can get Obama to introduce a degree of ambiguity into the situation , Israel could regain the advantage of uncertainty .
The problem for Netanyahu is that Washington is not interested in having anything unpredictable happen in Israeli - Palestinian relations .
The United States is quite content with the current situation , particularly while Iraq becomes more stable and the Afghan situation remains unstable .
Obama does not want a crisis from the Mediterranean to the Hindu Kush .
The fact that Netanyahu has a political coalition to satisfy will not interest the United States , and while Washington at some unspecified point might endorse a peace conference , it will not be until Israel and its foreign minister endorse the two - state formula .
Netanyahu will then shift to another area where freedom of action is relevant — namely , Iran .
The Israelis have leaked to the Israeli media that the Obama administration has told them that Israel may not attack Iran without U.S. permission , and that Israel agreed to this requirement .
( U.S. President George W. Bush and Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert went through the same routine not too long ago , using a good cop / bad cop act in a bid to kick - start negotiations with Iran . )
In reality , Israel would have a great deal of difficulty attacking Iranian facilities with non-nuclear forces .
A multitarget campaign 1,000 miles away against an enemy with some air defenses could be a long and complex operation .
Such a raid would require a long trip through U.S. - controlled airspace for the fairly small Israeli air force .
Israel could use cruise missiles , but the tonnage of high explosive delivered by a cruise missile cannot penetrate even moderately hardened structures ; the same is true for ICBMs carrying conventional warheads .
Israel would have to notify the United States of its intentions because it would be passing through Iraqi airspace — and because U.S. technical intelligence would know what it was up to before Israeli aircraft even took off .
The idea that Israel might consider attacking Iran without informing Washington is therefore absurd on the surface .
Even so , the story has surfaced yet again in an Israeli newspaper in a virtual carbon copy of stories published more than a year ago .
Netanyahu has promised that the endless stalemate with the Palestinians will not be allowed to continue .
He also knows that whatever happens , Israel cannot threaten the stability of Arab states that are by and large uninterested in the Palestinians .
He also understands that in the long run , Israel 's freedom of action is defined by the United States , not by Israel .
His electoral platform and his strategic realities have never aligned .
Arguably , it might be in the Israeli interest that the status quo be disrupted , but it is not in the American interest .
Netanyahu therefore will get to redefine neither the Palestinian situation nor the Iranian situation .
Israel simply lacks the power to impose the reality it wants , the current constellation of Arab regimes it needs , and the strategic relationship with the United States on which Israeli national security rests .
In the end , this is a classic study in the limits of power .
Israel can have its freedom of action anytime it is willing to pay the price for it .
But Israel can't pay the price .
Netanyahu is coming to Washington to see if he can get what he wants without paying the price , and we suspect strongly he knows he wo n't get it .
His problem is the same as that of the Arab states .
There are many in Israel , particularly among Netanyahu 's supporters , who believe Israel is a great power .
It is n't .
It is a nation that is strong partly because it lives in a pretty weak neighborhood , and partly because it has very strong friends .
Many Israelis do n't want to be told that , and Netanyahu came to office playing on the sense of Israeli national power .
So the peace process will continue , no one will expect anything from it , the Palestinians will remain isolated and wars regularly will break out .
The only advantage of this situation from the U.S. point of view it is that it is preferable to all other available realities .
Do n't Forget Your Manners !
By Chris Souther
Let 's face it ; it 's not easy finding a good job these days .
What with the economic situation being what it is , it seems as if only the best of the best stand a chance of getting a callback from a Recruiter , much less an actual Interview .
With millions out of work , everyone is looking for an edge .
Be it more education , a different career , whatever .
There has been a lot of talk lately about things such as Resumes that Work , Interviewing Skills , and other things that a person can do to improve their chances of landing an Interview .
The Interviewing process is nothing new .
Over the years , society has developed a set of rules regarding this rather severe form of punishment .
I like to call these rules , " Conventional Wisdom . "
Conventional Wisdom regarding Interviewing is called that for a reason ; there 's some tried and true reasoning behind it , such as :
* Men , always wear a suit and tie to the first interview ; Ladies at least a pant suit .
* Always bring at least two copies of your resume , printed on upscale paper .
* Keep your nails trimmed and clean .
* Be at least 15 minutes early for your appointment .
AND
* Always be nice to the receptionist ( because they can be sneaky and report you if you were a jerk ) .
There are probably more , but these stand out prominently in the annals of Corporate employment and are in my opinion , set in stone and unshakeable .
However , it is the " Conventional Wisdom " regarding such things as " Post Interview Follow - Up , " " Salary Negotiations , " and " Consecutive Interviews " who 's theories I question .
I want to focus here on the " Post Interview Follow - Up " or quite simply , " The Thank You Letter " because it is the first thing that one should do after the first interview .
Lately people are starting to question the usefulness of this much ignored bit of protocol .
Used to , it was polite to send a " Thank You " letter after the interview to basically reiterate your qualifications and sneak in anything that you forgot to mention while you were there the first time .
Things are a little different now .
Gone are the days of interviewing 2 or 3 people and picking the top of the lot .
It is not unheard of now for employers to receive literally hundreds of resumes and to interview dozens for a single position .
One can imagine the amount of mail an employer would receive if everyone sent a Thank You letter .
That could be as cumbersome as the initial flood of resumes .
The upshot here for the savvy applicant is that not everyone will send a Thank You letter .
This gives you some nice wiggle room to shine .
In the first interview , you basically had to sit there like an automaton and answer the questions as they were thrown at you .
Unfortunately , few of us actually have the moxy to do what all of the advice columns say to do , which is " Interview the Interviewer . "
Hopefully you at least took that time to gauge the pace of the office and the personalities of the people you will be dealing with should there be another interview or even , wonder upon wonders , an Offer Letter .
Therefore , when you write your Thank You letter , start incorporating some of your personality .
It 's not OK to tell a crude opening joke , but you can be witty as long as it is tastefully done .
Also , do n't let the letter be simply another blatant " Look at Me I 'm Great " tool .
It is that of course , but also use it to show that you understand the pain points of the employer and that you are just the person to help .
So how should you craft your Thank You letter ?
KISS .
Keep It Simple Silly ( Stupid , Stunning ... whatever adjective you feel appropriate ) .
One page if possible , four main sections .
Section One - Name and address of the person the letter is addressed to .
* Address it to the person and / or persons that you interviewed with , not simply " HR Manager . "
* Make sure your Desktop Publishing software actually put the right date stamp on the letter .
* Open with a gender - neutral salutation such as Greetings , Hello , Good Day , etc ...
Section Two - The Hook -
Start your letter with a simple statement
Thanking them for their time and telling them how much you enjoyed meeting them , and their staff .
Any other short comments about the office , the location or other similar niceties are also fine .
Section Three - The Line -
In the next paragraph , make two or three simple statements about the job as you understand it and any issues that they brought up that you could use to set yourself up in the next paragraph .
Section Four - The Sinker -
The last section is where you prove to them that you are the person they are looking for .
In section three , you showed them that you understood their problems .
Now , in section four , you tell them ( briefly ) how your years of experience and / or education can get them where they need to be .
Then you just need to wrap it up .
Finish off the letter by telling them how and where they can reach you and of course thank them again for meeting with you .
Do n't sound desperate or overly thankful .
Just say " Thanks . "
Feel free to enclose another business card if you have one .
They are relatively inexpensive to have made and make you look very professional .
There is just one other thing I would like to mention ; do n't E-mail this letter .
E-mail is fine for resume submission , useless banter with your grandmother , and things of that nature , but for the love of all things that are sacred , use a little class here and mail your Thank You letter .
If you have a printer that can print on envelopes , then professionally printing the employers address on the envelope just makes you look that much more put together .
Following these guidelines is no guarantee of a job , you understand , but if you do this correctly then you can relax knowing that you did everything you could possibly do short of a payoff .
Good luck .
Author Information : Christopher Souther is a Copywriter and Freelance Writer residing in Atlanta , Ga .
On the side he has published articles on a variety of topics including , Children 's Education and today 's Job Market .
He is currently revising his free Online Guide to Job-Hunting for publishing as well as working on another Non-Fiction book dealing with Adoption .
Die EU will im Austausch für die Übermittlung europäischer Bankdaten an die USA ebenfalls Zugriff auf in den Vereinigten Staaten gespeicherte Daten erhalten .
" Wir fordern volle und perfekte Gegenseitigkeit " , sagte EU - Justizkommissar Jacques Barrot .
" Wir wollen ebenfalls Überwachungen durchführen und Daten , die in den USA gespeichert sind , nutzen können . "
Logo des Finanzdienstleisters SWIFT im belgischen Brüssel .
Die EU - Außenminister hatten am Montag ungeachtet massiver Datenschutzbedenken die schwedische Ratspräsidentschaft und die EU - Kommission mit Verhandlungen über die Weitergabe europäischer Bankendaten an US - Terrorfahnder beauftragt .
Damit sollen US - Behörden weiterhin Zugriff auf Überweisungsdaten europäischer Bürger erhalten .
Nötig wird das Abkommen , weil die Daten künftig nur noch in Europa gespeichert werden , denn der Finanzdienstleister Swift , der über die Daten verfügt , verlegt seinen Hauptserver aus den USA in die Schweiz .
Die USA wollen weiter darauf zugreifen dürfen .
Das belgische Unternehmen wollte dies mit dem Umzug verhindern .
Das Abkommen wird zeitlich begrenzt sein , da über ein endgültiges Abkommen das Europaparlament mitentscheiden soll .
Dies wird mit Inkrafttreten des EU - Reformvertrags von Lissabon möglich , der den Volksvertretern Mitentscheidung im Justiz - und Innenbereich einräumt .
Klage wegen Datenschutzbedenken erwogen
Die SPD - Europaabgeordnete Birgit Sippel , die im Innenausschuss des Parlaments sitzt , kritisierte die Ankündigung der EU - Kommission scharf .
" Wenn nun auch Daten von US - Bürgern ausgespäht werden , löst das die Frage des Datenschutzes nicht " , sagte sie .
Der europäische Datenschutz - Beauftragte Peter Hustinx rief das Europaparlament im " Handelsblatt " auf , vor den Europäischen Gerichtshof zu ziehen .
" Hier geht es um eine ganz große Sache - da brauchen Sie schon starke rechtliche Garantien " , sagte Hustinx .
Der Luxemburger Gerichtshof hatte bereits im Mai 2006 auf Parlamentsbeschwerde Absprachen zwischen der EU und der USA zur Terrorfahndung gekippt .
Damals ging es um die Nutzung von Flugpassagierdaten durch den US - Grenzschutz .
Most everyone plays mindlessly with their hair from time to time .
But for some people it becomes such an uncontrollable compulsion that they end up with bald patches or eyebrows plucked bare .
If it 's any comfort , animals too suffer from " grooming compulsions . "
Though the behavior is documented in the Bible and ancient medical texts , treatment for hair - pulling has not been studied much .
But now a University of Minnesota researcher might have found an answer in a common , over - the - counter nutritional supplement that costs about $ 15 for 100 pills .
Better yet , his breakthrough could hold promise for a whole range of common obsessive behaviors , from nail - biting to hand - washing .
Dr. Jon Grant , a psychiatrist who specializes in addictive and compulsive behaviors , found that an antioxidant called N - acetylcysteine ( NAC ) helped about half of the hair - pullers in his study .
Some engaged the behavior less often , and some quit altogether .
It 's not a cure - all , Grant said , because it did n't work in the other half of his subjects .
Still , the study , published Monday in the Archives of General Psychiatry , is important because it shows for the first time that reducing a certain chemical in the brain also eases an uncontrollable behavioral obsession .
Extreme hair - pulling is relatively uncommon compared to other grooming compulsions such as nail - biting , he said , but it occurs in all cultures and in animals .
" Dogs lick themselves to the point of hair loss , " he said .
" Parrots pull out all their feathers . "
Some studies have shown that anywhere from 1 to 4 percent of people engage in hair - pulling at some point in their lives , more often in women than men .
Like most obsessive behaviors , it 's probably genetic .
But the people who suffer from it often suffer in silence and shame , Grant said .
11 SHARES Share Tweet
Hypnosis is a very simple and easy - to - explain psychological phenomena – yet often it is wrongly portrayed as some sort of black magick or false mysticism .
This lack of a fair representation leaves many to throw “ hypnotic wisdom ” aside as mere fantasy or hogwash ; and those who have been hypnotized we typically think of as weak - minded or gullible .
But in fact none of this is true .
I hope to take a short few minutes of your time to debunk some of these myths surrounding hypnosis and hopefully leave you with a clearer understanding of what this is phenomena is really all about .
Before I proceed with debunking these myths , let me first give a quick definition of what I believe hypnosis really is :
Hypnosis is a set of effective communication techniques ( often through the use of direct or indirect “ suggestions ” ) for shaping one ’s beliefs , attitudes , thoughts , and behaviors .
Despite this broad - sounding definition , this is what hypnosis is in a nutshell .
Now let ’s get started .
MYTH 1 : Hypnosis is a state of consciousness
Hypnosis is not at all related to any particular state of consciousness .
The reason people confuse hypnosis as a state of consciousness is because we often associate the techniques of hypnosis as leading to a half - sleep and half - awake state .
We picture patients lying on leather sofas with their eyes closed and their awareness facing inwards to their “ subconscious . ”
But the fact of the matter is hypnosis can be used to expand awareness just as effectively as it can be used to contract awareness .
A perfect example of hypnosis operating at “ normal ” consciousness is stage hypnosis .
When a participant clucks like a chicken , or acts out a scene in Saving Private Ryan – it is not that the individual is unconscious and being pulled by his or her strings like a stuffed puppet – they are just in a situation where they are comfortable acting out behaviors they normally would n’t do in front of a crowd .
They are not being “ controlled ” by the hypnotist – they are just being communicated to very effectively .
The participants free will is still in - tact throughout the whole session .
A participant can bring his or her self out of hypnosis whenever they choose , but why would they when they are having so much fun playing pretend ?
MYTH 2 : All hypnosis is “ playing pretend . ”
During stage hypnosis , participants are well aware that they are not actually a chicken or that they are not actually in the movies .
They know they are acting ( it just so happens hypnosis can make people into good actors ) .
But not all hypnosis can be considered “ playing pretend . ”
It depends on the nature of the suggestions given .
If a suggestion is to “ cluck like a chicken ” then the patient will act it out .
If the suggestion is “ think of a time in your past where you felt really confident ” – that is not playing pretend – the patient really is thinking about it and associating themselves into that time where they were really confident .
I agree with hypnotists who believe that all hypnosis is self - hypnosis .
This means that a hypnotist cannot typically trick someone into doing something against their own will .
There is always compliance on both sides of the interaction .
The only difference is hypnotists can evoke unusual or non-ordinary behaviors if they discover the right mode of communication .
MYTH 3 : Scientific studies claim that only 5 % of the population is suggestible to hypnosis .
This is partly true : scientific studies do often claim that only 5 - 10 % of the population is suggestible to hypnosis .
But these studies are largely flawed because researchers only test participants with common hypnotic inductions and generic hypnosis scripts .
Hypnosis does n’t work in a one - size - fits - all kind of way though ( because its effectiveness comes from the use of our own personal and unique associations and understanding of language ) …
A real hypnotist has the ability to read his patient , stray away from generic scripts , and discover the language most suggestible to that particular patient .
There are even techniques in NLP ( Neurolinguistic Programming –a practice that could be considered “ modern day hypnosis ” ) that allows NLP practitioners to discover a person ’s language tendencies ( sometimes referred to as “ trance words ” or “ key words ” ) simply by asking the patient a series of questions .
In other words , with the right hypnotist and the right communication – anyone is suggestible to hypnosis .
MYTH 4 : Hypnosis is similar to meditation
This is a common misunderstanding .
Again – hypnosis is a set of communication techniques , while meditation is a more specific practice that is more linked with one ’s state of awareness or mindfulness .
One can however use hypnosis techniques to aid a meditative practice .
What is often called “ Guided Meditation ” could be considered a form of hypnosis , and one could also use a degree of self - hypnosis ( meaning no third party guidance ) to expand or contract awareness into a particular meditative state .
But again , hypnosis is not about a personal ’s mental state – it is about an expression of ideas or suggestions .
At times , a particular mental state can be more conducive to learning .
That is why often hypnotherapist choose to put their patients into a relaxed state before getting into the bulk of their session .
People that are relaxed are commonly feel more refreshed , can concentrate more , improve their cognitive abilities , and therefore are faster learners .
Stage hypnotists do n’t put want to put their participants into relaxed states , however .
That would be a boring show .
Instead , they usually want to instill some excitement or a sense of adventure – similar to the mood a child would be in .
MYTH 5 : Highway hypnosis
Highway hypnosis , as defined by Wikipedia , says ,
Highway hypnosis is a mental state in which the person can drive a truck or automobile great distances , responding to external events in the expected manner with no recollection of having consciously done so .
In this state the driver ’s conscious mind is apparently fully focused elsewhere , with seemingly direct processing of the masses of information needed to drive safely .
‘ Highway Hypnosis ’ is just one manifestation of a relatively commonplace experience , theoretically where the conscious and subconscious minds appear to concentrate on different things ; workers performing simple and repetitive tasks and people deprived of sleep are likely to experience similar symptoms .
Therefore , it is a sort of subconscious “ driving mode . ”
Again , you may already be able to guess what is wrong with this definition : hypnosis is not a mental state !
Highway hypnosis decribes a trance state ( it is a shift away from “ everyday ” awareness ) .
There is no communication going on , and therefore – no hypnosis .
Another similar ( and just as natural ) trance state is when you get so absorbed in a movie that you lose track of the time .
It is easy to see how these states can be confused with hypnosis because hypnosis usually likes to replicate these trance states in order to increase suggestibility ( but remember : if there are no suggestions being communicated – then it is not hypnosis ) .
MYTH 6 : Hypnosis is not a real catalyst for physical or chemical changes in the body .
Actually even just for the simple fact that the brain is made up of electro - chemical neurons which shoot off between 50 - 200 times per second makes anything a potential catalyst for a chemical change in the body .
All we need to do is think about something and our brain chemistry is altered .
But more practically people want to know if hypnosis can actually result in bodily changes like an increase / decrease in weight , the building of muscle , or even an increase in breast / penis size .
Typically , the answer is “ yes , to some extent ” to all of these question .
Hypnosis can not make your body do something it is n’t already capable of doing naturally on its own .
But hypnosis has been proven to help guide the body through certain changes through the use of suggestion for both behavioral changes ( such as eating less , motivation to go to the gym ) and even direct changes in the body ( changes in metabolism , time it takes muscles to repair , and there have even been cases of improvements in vision , and yes , penis and breast size growth – hypnosis has been show to be particularly good with directing substantial changes in soft tissue ) .
Remember : hypnosis is helpful at making changes towards the body ’s maximum potential – it does not allow you to transcend your biological disposition through some “ mystical fashion . ”
Although there is a good chance hypnosis will reveal things about your body that you were previously unaware of .
MYTH 7 : You should n’t try hypnosis without a trained hypnotist or hypnotherapist .
Most trained hypnotists and hypnotherapists would tell you that you should always seek a professional .
But it would be hypocritical of me to say you have to do this since I am completely self taught .
In fact , I believe everyone should teach themselves a bit of hypnosis so they can check out and see the potential for themselves .
Hypnosis is a natural phenomenon – it is your natural right to explore it and to also explore the mind / body as a whole .
There are plenty of books , podcasts , and videos to get you started with practicing hypnosis – experiment with as many as you want , get a feel for the difference in techniques , and begin to discover the fundamental principles of what makes a hypnotist flexible and effective .
I would recommend you begin with practicing self - hypnosis techniques .
Nothing too advanced .
Just practice inducing yourself through hypnotic suggestion into a state of relaxation or a light trance .
You can also practice by reading generic scripts to a friend or family member and having them read some to you as well .
They are n’t the most effective things in the world but that usually makes them harmless and easy to practice with .
Search free hypnosis scripts on Google and check out some of the simple scripts for things like “ Confidence ” or “ Relaxation . ”
Do n’t take the beginning of your studies too seriously , just get a feel for the different stages of a hypnosis session : inductions , scripts , how to appropriately come out of a session .
Hypnosis usually evokes a pleasant experience , but sometimes things go awry .
Be familiar with how to end sessions quickly if you find yourself steering down a bad path , especially before you dive into some of the more advanced techniques like adjustments in our belief systems or the fundamentals of our character .
I hope this gives you a clearer idea of really what this hypnosis stuff is all about .
Not something I normally write about , but I thought I ’d do my part in the “ do nothing ” response from the United States .
If that did n’t make sense , let me explain :
The prevailing wisdom I keep hearing is that the U.S. should n’t meddle , as it will just fuel the fire for the current Iran regime to crackdown on protesters even more .
If meddling were to occur , the regime would blame the West and have an easier time handling their current situation .
Makes sense , I suppose , at least in theory … in practice , the regime is already blaming the West and is already cracking down on protesters ( 20 people dead and counting ) .
I ’m not sure specifically what the difference might be if the U.S. were to meddle in any way .
Whose mind might that change of the reformers / protesters in Iran to all of a sudden side with the current regime ?
But then again , I ’m not suggesting the U.S. meddle .
I mean , what would we — or any other major country — do ?
We have a pretty bad track record when outcomes of U.S. meddling are analyzed , especially in the recent past .
Of course , that does n’t stop plenty of Americans ( myself included ) from wishing we could do something to help in some way that is perhaps just short of meddling .
Building awareness is really the only idea I ’ve seen anyone come up with .
So here goes .
The recent Iran elections appear to have been fraudulent and Iranians are not happy about it .
So much so that a group of a couple hundred of them ( in addition to the crowd of one million in Tehran ) have been protesting on my street corner ( in Bellevue , Washington ) each weekend since this began .
See below for pictures and some video :
In the late 19th century , Chinese workers were among those brought in to dig the Panama Canal , a difficult project the French initiated but failed to complete , with many laborers dying of malaria and yellow fever .
( The United States took charge of the Canal Zone early in the 20th century and finished the job under vastly improved health conditions for the workers . )
After the People ’s Republic of China was established in 1949 , no country south of the United States recognized the regime until Castro ’s Cuba did so in 1960 .
Recognition from Chile came in 1970 , from Salvador Allende , who , Yuqin noted , had first visited China in 1954 , when relations between America and “ Red China ” were extremely tense .
Skipping ahead to the present , she said China was eager to deepen its ties with Chile , not just on the basis of copper but on cultural initiatives like Chinese - language programs .
I asked if Chileans should be concerned about the Chinese succeeding the Spanish and the Americans as the new imperialists of South America .
“ It ’s not like China comes in to ransack this country of its raw materials — China pays for these raw materials , ” she noted evenly .
When I pointed out that a union of Chilean copper workers had taken a stand against China ’s bid to become an owner of the Gaby mine , she said , “ As in all families , brothers can have an argument . ”
China has a policy of “ noninterference ” in all countries and believes in the motto “ Win together . ”
China , she insisted , is preoccupied with its own internal development : China ’s goal is “ peaceful development , never hegemony .
We do n’t have as much time as your country does to intervene in the affairs of others . ”
I had asked about the sensibilities of the Chileans , but she was responding to me as an American .
And the truth , not surprisingly , is that Beijing is hoping to extend its ties with Chile to the military domain .
So far , that part of the relationship is a modest one , involving Mandarin - language training for Chilean military personnel in Santiago .
The next step is a broader initiative in language and cultural training for the Chilean military , who would go to China itself for their courses .
A natural step beyond that would be an officer exchange program , such as Chile and the United States long had .
Beyond that might be Chilean purchases of routine military gear , such as goggles , as well as weapons , from the Chinese .
“ The Chileans have told us that the Chinese are interested in a much more robust military - to - military relationship , ” a knowledgeable U.S. official told me .
This official also said he would not be surprised to see in the long term — if not in five years , then perhaps in ten — the visitation of Chinese naval ships to ports like Valparaiso or Antofagasta .
The Chinese , like the Indians , are actively expanding their blue - water navy because , as Chinese strategists say , “ the oceans are our lifelines ” and “ if commerce were cut off , the economy would plummet . ”
A similar logic drove the expansion of the British Royal Navy in the 19th century .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Thousands of security forces have been deployed in the city of Urumqi in China 's Xinjiang region to try to end deadly ethnic clashes .
Chinese President Hu Jintao has cut short his visit to Italy for the G8 summit to deal with the crisis .
The unrest between Muslim Uighurs and Han Chinese began on Sunday and has left 156 people dead .
The Communist party boss in Urumqi has said those found guilty of murder will be put to death .
Map showing protest area in Urumqi More than 1,400 people have been arrested over the violence .
Return to Beijing
The BBC's Quentin Sommerville , reporting from Urumqi's Uighur neighbourhood , says there are thousands of paramilitary police in the city in a situation he says is virtually martial law .
AT THE SCENE : 8 JULY Quentin Sommerville , BBC News , Urumqi
Here in Urumqi's Uighur Muslim neighbourhood , just on the edge , many hundreds of paramilitary police are on the move .
They are seeking to separate this mainly Muslim part of the city from Han Chinese .
Riot police are all around with shields , helmets , some are carrying semi-automatic weapons , others have clubs .
They are lining up across the streets to separate these two sides .
We have n't seen any violence yet , we did see some Han Chinese running with batons , they were chased down a side street but this is massive deployment of troops on a scale this city has n't seen in a very , very long time .
It feels like martial law in everything but name .
7 July : Ethnic mobs overrun city
Our correspondent says the situation is still tense , with rumours and counter - rumours of ethnic attacks .
Li Zhi , the Communist chief in Urumqi , said the government would execute those found guilty of killings during the riots .
The AFP news agency also quoted the mayor of Urumqi , Jerla Isamudin , as saying the situation was now " under control " .
However , there were earlier reports of fresh scuffles as police tried to arrest protesters .
Reuters news agency said crowds of Han Chinese were volatile and growing .
Some were angry that police were arresting young Han men .
AFP reporters also said they had seen fresh violence on Wednesday , including one attack on a Uighur man by Han Chinese .
They said the man was beaten and kicked by about six people as dozens of Han Chinese yelled encouragement , before police moved in to end the attack .
President
Hu was expected to join G8 talks taking place in Rome on Thursday .
Instead he flew home from an airport in Pisa , leaving officials to represent China at the G8 summit .
He arrived back in Beijing on Wednesday , China 's official news agency Xinhua said .
A state visit to Portugal has been postponed .
Our correspondent says the authorities in Xinjiang have been told they have to sort the crisis out as soon as possible amid the embarrassment of Mr Hu having to cancel his G8 attendance .
But he says it is very unlikely there will be any shift in China 's policy in Xinjiang , just as it did not change in Tibet after unrest there last year .
' Deadliest riot '
On Tuesday , riot police fired tear gas to break up groups of Han Chinese armed with clubs , who said they were angry at violence carried out by Uighurs in the north - western province .
XINJIANG : ETHNIC UNREST
Main ethnic division : 45 % Uighur , 40 % Han Chinese 26 June : Mass factory brawl after dispute between Han and Uighurs in Guangdong , southern China , leaves two dead 5 July : Uighur protest in Urumqi over the dispute turns violent , leaving 156 dead and more than 1,000 hurt 7 July : Uighur women protest at arrests of men-folk .
Han Chinese make armed counter - march 8 July : President Hu Jintao returns from G8 summit to tackle crisis
Q&A : China and the Uighurs Accounts of Xinjiang violence
In pictures : Xinjiang troops Chinese media bullish over riots Assessing the role of Uighur exiles Early in the day , Uighur women had rallied against the arrest of family members , saying hundreds of their men had been detained arbitrarily in a massive police sweep through Urumqi's Uighur districts .
Later hundreds of Han Chinese marched through the streets of Urumqi smashing shops and stalls belonging to Uighurs .
Our correspondent says some of the protesters were shouting " down with Uighurs " as they rampaged through the streets armed with homemade weapons .
Officials say 156 people - mostly Han Chinese - died in Sunday 's violence .
Uighur groups say many more have died , claiming 90 % of the dead were Uighurs .
One official described Sunday 's unrest as the " deadliest riot since New China was founded in 1949 " .
The unrest erupted when Uighur protesters attacked vehicles before turning on local Han Chinese and battling security forces .
They had initially been protesting over a brawl between Uighurs and Han Chinese several weeks earlier in a toy factory thousands of miles away in Guangdong province .
China 's authorities have repeatedly claimed that exiled Uighur leader Rebiya Kadeer is stirring up trouble in the region .
But she told the BBC she was not responsible for any of the violence .
FROM THE TODAY PROGRAMME Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from Today programme Tensions have been growing in Xinjiang for many years , as Han Chinese migrants have poured into the region , where the Uighur minority is concentrated .
Many Uighurs feel economic growth has bypassed them and complain of discrimination and diminished opportunities .
Some Uighurs support the notion of an independent state and there have been a number of bombings and some attacks on security forces .
Chinese authorities say the Xinjiang separatists are terrorists with links to al - Qaeda and receive support from outside the country .
Campaigners accuse China of exaggerating the threat to justify tough security clampdowns in the region .
Return to top
Are you in Xinjiang ?
What is the atmosphere like in the area ?
If you are in Xinjiang , let us know about your experiences using in the form below .
A selection of your comments may be published , displaying your name and location unless you state otherwise in the box below .
Name
Your E-mail address
Town & Country
Phone number ( optional ) :
Comments
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .
Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .
Terms & Conditions
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
RIO DE JANEIRO , Brazil ( CNN ) -- Debris located early Tuesday in the Atlantic Ocean off the northeast coast of Brazil is wreckage from the Air France jet that disappeared Monday , Brazil 's Defense Minister Nelson Jobim said .
A French search and rescue crew scans the Atlantic for wreckage Tuesday .
No survivors have been found , he said .
Jobim made the announcement after meeting with relatives and friends of Brazilians who were among the 228 people aboard Flight 447 from Rio de Janeiro to Paris , France .
Two debris fields were found about 650 km ( 400 miles ) northeast of the Fernando de Noronha Islands , an archipelago 355 kilometers ( 220 miles ) off the northeast coast of Brazil -- or at latitude 2 north , longitude 30 west , the Ministry of Defense said on its Web site .
One of the fields was 5 km ( 3 miles ) long and that both lie near the flight path between Rio de Janeiro and Paris .
Among the wreckage was an airplane seat , metal debris , an orange float , a drum and an oil spill , the posting said .
See map of suspected crash zone »
Brazilian air force planes spotted the debris field Tuesday morning , but it was not until a French commercial vessel arrived on the scene that the debris ' origin was confirmed .
The planes searched 10,000 square kilometers ( 3,861 square miles ) of ocean throughout the day and will continue to search for more debris overnight , the Brazilian Air Force Said .
Two Netherlands - flagged vessels were expected to arrive in the area later in the day ; a Brazilian navy ship was expected to arrive Wednesday , officials said .
Brazilian air force jets were continuing to comb the area for other debris , and a U.S. P - 3 Orion maritime patrol aircraft was assisting as well .
Watch how wreckage has been spotted in Atlantic »
The searchers also want to find the cockpit voice and data recorders , which might shed light on what caused the jet to disappear before any of the three pilots was able to issue a mayday .
" That really is an ominous sign , " said former U.S. National Transportation Safety Board Managing Director Peter Goelz .
" It means , whatever happened , it happened so quickly that the pilots were not able to radio out .
It probably indicates a catastrophic failure at altitude . "
He said that meteorologists have been checking weather data over the area " to see if there was some phenomenon that was taking place -- so far , we have n't seen it . "
The Airbus A330 encountered heavy turbulence early Monday , about three hours into what was supposed to be an 11 - hour flight , according to the airline .
The plane carried 216 passengers -- 126 men , 82 women , seven children and a baby -- and 12 crew members , Air France said .
The majority of the people on the flight came from Brazil , France and Germany .
Other victims were from 29 other countries , including three from the United States .
Of the crew , 11 were French , and one was Brazilian .
A team of approximately 20 Air France staff members , including two doctors and a nurse , arrived Tuesday in Rio de Janeiro to assist families of the victims , the airline said .
An inter-religious ceremony is to be held Wednesday afternoon inside Paris ' Notre Dame Cathedral for family and friends of the victims .
Though it will be closed to news media , a sound recording of the ceremony will be broadcast into the square outside .
An official list of victims by name was not available Tuesday afternoon , but two Americans on board -- Michael Harris , 60 , and his wife , Anne , 54 -- were identified by the couple 's family and his employer .
Prince Pedro Luis de Orleans e Braganca , a member of Brazil 's non-reigning royal family , was also on the flight , his family said Monday .
Pedro Luis was 26 .
Also on the flight were two executives of the French tire company Michelin : Michelin Latin America President Luiz Roberto Anastacio and Antonio Gueiro , director of informatics .
Read more about victims on Air France Flight 447
The jet was 4 years old and had last undergone routine maintenance April 16 .
The Air France plane has built - in homing devices , said Greg Feith , a former investigator with the U.S. National Transportation Safety Board .
Homing devices such as " pingers , " which are underwater locator beacons attached to flight data and cockpit voice recorders , can transmit signals from as deep as 14,000 feet , about the maximum depth of the waters in the area .
The average depth of the Atlantic Ocean is about 12,000 feet : more than 2 miles .
" They 're water - activated , so if they 're sitting at the bottom of the ocean , of course , then the military assets will have to go in there with listening devices and try and home in on those particular signals , " Feith said .
Shortly before it disappeared , the plane 's automatic system initiated a four - minute exchange of messages to the company 's maintenance computers , indicating that " several pieces of aircraft equipment were at fault or had broken down , " Air France CEO Pierre - Henri Gourgeon said Monday .
The jet , which was flying at 35,000 feet and at 521 mph , also sent a warning that it had lost pressure , the Brazilian air force said .
There was no contact with the crew during or after the time that the automatic messages were sent , Gourgeon said .
" It was probable that it was a little bit after those messages that the impact of the plane took place in the Atlantic , " he added .
CNN 's John Zarrella , Kim Segal and Nesta Distin and journalist Helena DeMoura contributed to this report .
All About Airbus A330 • Air France - KLM
Group • Rio de Janeiro • Accidents and Disasters
Live in Boston , Massachusetts ?
Worried about the cannibalistic undead ?
Worry no longer - Boston 's Finest have promised to notify civilians in the event of a zombie outbreak .
Really , I 'm not sure exactly what to say about this one .
Like so many other wonderfully strange things these days , it started via Twitter .
The official Boston PD Twitter posted a notification about an injured officer :
Boston_Police : INJURED OFFICER : Officer from district 4 transported to Beth Israel Hospital , human bite to arm , suspect in custody .
Catching the phrase " human bite , " fellow Twit willcady thoughtfully inquired :
willcady : @Boston_Police if that was a zombie bite , would you tell us ?
Boston_Police : @willcady
Yes , absolutely
Well , there we have it , folks .
We here at The Escapist salute the brave men and women of the Boston Police Department in their tireless quest to protect , serve , and inform the citizens about dangerous zombie attacks .
( Dumb as a Blog , via Gamepolitics )
© Landezine 2009 - 2018+386 40 81 40 04
All rights reserved .
All photos , plans and renders of projects on Landezine are property of a photographer or landscape architects mentioned within a specific project presentation .
One of the ways that Music 2.0 has changed how we think about music is that there is so much interesting data available about how people are listening to music .
Sites like Last .fm automatically track all sorts of interesting data that just was not available before .
Forty years ago , a music label like Capitol would know how many copies the album Abbey Road sold in the U.S. , but the label would n’t know how many times people actually listened to the album .
Today , however , our iPods and desktop music players keep careful track of how many times we play each song , album and artist – giving us a whole new way to look at artist popularity .
It ’s not just sales figures anymore , its how often are people actually listening to an artist .
If you go to Last . fm you can see that The Beatles have over 1.75 million listeners and 168 million plays .
It makes it easy for us to see how popular the Beatles are compared to another band ( the monkees , for instance have 2.5 m plays and 285K listeners ) .
With all of this new data available , there are some new ways we can look at artists .
Instead of just looking at artists in terms of popularity and sales rank , I think it is interesting to see which artists generate the most passionate listeners .
These are artists that dominate the playlists of their fans .
I think this ‘ passion index ’ may be an interesting metric to use to help people explore for and discovery music .
Artists that attract passionate fans may be longer lived and worth a listeners investment in time and money .
How can we calculate a passion index ?
There are probably a number of indicators : the number of edits to the bands wikipedia page , the average distance a fan travels to attend a show by the artist , the number of fan sites for an artist .
All of these may be a bit difficult to collect , especially for a large set of artists .
One simple passion metric is just the average number of artist plays per listener .
Presumably if an artist ’s listeners are playing an artist ’s songs more than average they are more passionate about the artist .
One thing that I like about this approach to the passion index is that it is extremely easy to calculate – just divide the total artist plays by the total number of artist listeners and you have the passion index .
Yes , there are many confounding factors – for instance , artists with longer songs are penalized – still I think it is a pretty good measure .
I calculated the passion index for a large collection of artists .
I started with about a million artists ( it is really nice to have all this data at the Echo Nest ; ) , and filtered these down to the 50 K most popular artists .
I plotted the number of artist plays vs. the number of artist listeners for each of the 50 K listeners .
The plot shows that most artists fall into the central band ( normal passion ) , but some ( the green points ) are high passion artists and some ( the blue points ) are low passion artists .
For the 50 K artists , the average track plays per artist / listener is just 11 plays ( with a std deviation of about 11.5 ) .
Considering that there are a substantial number of artists in my iTunes collection that I ’ve played only once , this seems pretty resaonable .
So who are the artists with the highest passion index ?
Here are the top ten :
Passion Listeners Plays Artist 332 4065 1352719 上海アリス幻樂団 292 10374 3032373 Belo 245 3147 773959 Petos 241 2829 683191 Reilukerho 208 4887 1020538 Sound Horizon 190 24422 4652968 동방신기 185 9133 1691866 岡崎律子 175 9171 1611106 Kollegah 173 17279 3004410 Super Junior 170 62592 10662940 Böhse Onkelz
I did n’t recognize any of these artists ( and I ’m not even sure if 上海アリス幻樂団 is really an artist – according to the Japanese wikipedia it is a fan club in Japan to produce a music game coterie – whatever that means ) .
Belo is a Brazilian pop artist that does indeed seem to have some rather passionate fans .
It is not surprising that it is hard for popular artists to rank at the very top of the passion index .
Popular artists are exposed to many , many listeners which can easily reduce the passion index .
Here are the top passion - ranked artists drawn from the top -1000 most popular artists :
Passion Listeners Plays Artist 115 527653 60978053 In Flames 95 1748159 167765187 The Beatles 79 2140659 170106143 Radiohead 78 282308 22071498 Die Ärzte 75 269052 20293399 Mindless Self Indulgence 75 691100 52217023 Nightwish 74 332658 24645786 Porcupine Tree 74 1056834 79135038 Nine Inch Nails 72 384574 27901385 Opeth 70 601587 42563097 Rise Against 69 357317 24911669 Sonata Arctica 69 1364096 95399150 Metallica 66 460518 30625121 Children of Bodom 66 619396 41440369 Paramore 65 504464 33271871 Dream Theater 65 1391809 90888046 Pink Floyd 64 540184 34635084 Brand New 62 862468 54094977 Iron Maiden 62 1681914 105935202 Muse 61 381942 23478290 Beirut
I find it interesting to see all of the heavy metal bands in the top 20 .
Metal fans are indeed true fans .
Going to the other end of passion , we find the 20 popular artists that have the least passionate fans :
Passion Listeners Plays Artist 6 270692 1767977 Julie London 6 284087 1964292 Smoke City 6 294100 1784358 Dinah Washington 6 295200 1799303 The Bangles 6 295990 1832771 Donna Summer 6 306018 1905285 Bonnie Tyler 6 307407 2123599 Buffalo Springfield 6 311543 2085085 Franz Schubert 6 312078 1909769 The Hollies 6 313732 2190008 Tom Jones 6 325454 2025366 Eric Prydz 6 331837 2259892 Sarah Vaughan 6 332072 2016898 Soft Cell 6 407622 2622570 Steppenwolf 5 275770 1605268 Diana Ross 5 281037 1615125 Isaac Hayes 5 282095 1685959 The Isley Brothers 5 283467 1666824 Survivor 5 311867 1694947 Peggy Lee 5 333437 1925611 Wham !
5 388183 2244878 Kool & The Gang
I guess people are not too passionate about Soft Cell .
Here ’s a passion chart for the top 100 most popular artists .
Even the artists at the bottom of this chart are way above average on the passion index .
Passion Listeners Plays Artist 95 1748159 167765187 The Beatles 79 2140659 170106143 Radiohead 74 1056834 79135038 Nine Inch Nails 69 1364096 95399150 Metallica 65 1391809 90888046 Pink Floyd 62 1681914 105935202 Muse 61 1397442 85685015 System of a Down 61 1403951 86849524 Linkin Park 60 1346298 81762621 Death Cab for Cutie 57 1060269 61127025 Fall Out Boy 56 1155877 65324424 Arctic Monkeys 55 1897332 104932225 Red Hot Chili Peppers 54 950416 52019102 My Chemical Romance 50 1131952 56622835 blink-182 49 2313815 115653456 Coldplay 48 964970 47102550 Sigur Rós 48 1108397 53260614 Modest Mouse 48 1350931 65865988 Placebo 47 1129004 53771343 Jack Johnson 44 1297020 57111763 Led Zeppelin 43 1011131 43930085 Kings of Leon 42 947904 39970477 Marilyn Manson 42 1065375 45459226 Britney Spears 42 1246213 52656343 Incubus 42 1256717 53610102 Bob Dylan 41 1527721 62654675 Green Day 41 1881718 78473290 The Killers 40 1023666 41288978 Queens of the Stone Age 40 1057539 42472755 Kanye West 40 110804 4 44845176 Interpol 40 1247838 49914554 Depeche Mode 40 1318140 53594021 Bloc Party 39 1266502 49492511 The White Stripes 38 1048025 40174997 Evanescence 38 1091324 42195854 Pearl Jam 38 1734180 67541885 Nirvana 37 978342 36561552 The Kooks 37 1097968 41046538 The Shins 37 1114190 42051787 The Offspring 37 1379096 51313607 The Cure 37 1566660 58923515 Foo Fighters 36 1326946 48738588 The Smashing Pumpkins 35 1091278 39194471 Björk 35 1271334 45619688 The Strokes 34 955876 33376744 Jimmy Eat World 34 1251461 42949597 Daft Punk 33 989230 33257150 Pixies 33 1012060 34225186 Eminem 33 1051836 35529878 Avril Lavigne 33 1110087 36785736 Johnny Cash 33 1121138 37645208 AC / DC 33 1161536 38615571 Air 32 961327 31286528 The Prodigy 32 1038491 33270172 Amy Winehouse 32 1410438 45614720 David Bowie 32 1641475 52612972 Oasis 32 1693023 54971351 U2 31 1258854 39598249 Madonna 31 1622198 51669720 Queen 30 1032223 31750683 Portishead 30 1178755 35600916 Rage Against the Machine 30 1249417 38284572
The Doors 30 1393406 42717325 Beck 29 1030982 30044419 Yeah Yeah Yeahs 29 1187160 34712193 Massive Attack 29 1348662 39131095 Weezer 29 1361510 39753640 Snow Patrol 28 985715 28485679 The Postal Service 28 1045205 30105531 The Clash 28 1305984 37807059 Guns N’ Roses 28 1532003 43998517 Franz Ferdinand 27 1000950 27262441 Nickelback 27 1395278 37856776 Gorillaz 26 1503035 40161219 The Rolling Stones 25 1345571 33741254 R.E.M. 24 1311410 32588864 Moby 23 973319 22962953 Audioslave 23 976745 22557111 3 Doors Down 23 1123549 26696878 Keane 22 998933 21995497 Justin Timberlake 22 1025990 23145062 Rihanna 22 1109529 24687603 Maroon 5 22 1120968 24796436 Jimi Hendrix 22 1160410 26641513 [ unknown ] 21 1151225 25081110 The Who 20 1057288 22084785 The Chemical Brothers 20 1105159 22925198 Kaiser Chiefs 20 1117306 22390847 Nelly Furtado 20 1201937 25019675 Aerosmith 20 1253613 25582503 Blur 19 968885 19219364 Simon & Garfunkel 19 974687 18528890 Christina Aguilera 19 1025305 20157209
The Cranberries 19 1144816 22252304 Michael Jackson 16 996649 16234996 Black Eyed Peas 16 1019886 16618386 Eric Clapton 15 980141 15317182 The Police 15 981451 15289554 Dido 14 973520 13781896 Elton John 13 949742 12624027 The Verve
I think it would be really interesting to incorporate the passion index into a recommender , so instead of just recommending artists that are similar to artists that a listener already likes , filter the similar artists with a passion filter and offer up the artists that listeners are most passionate about .
I think these recommendations would be more valuable to the listener .
I repeatedly suggest that one of the largest barriers to a more sustainable economy is ignorance .
Most people are simply not aware of the problems , let alone the solutions , and as such the pitch for a different lifestyle ( call is environmentally sound , ecologically efficient or simply “ green ” ) can be a tough sell .
So if the problem is a lack of education who is responsible for fixing it ?
We are quick to point fingers at tech companies , developers , car manufacturers — the producers of “ stuff ” that we consume to keep our economy afloat .
But at the end of the day we cannot pile all of the onus on entities and organizations to force information onto us , we too have a responsibility to seek it out for ourselves .
The rise in communication technology has transformed the conveyance of information between the suppliers and consumers in every corner of the marketplace .
So much of sales is a race to spoon feed a product option to a hungry audience before others can penetrate the market .
As a result , as consumers , the information often comes to us .
Companies work to make the discovery of their product solutions as easy as possible in order to remove pesky exercises like comparison or prioritization .
In the past decade we have become inundated with information enough for its transcendence into the realm of cultural norm .
When it comes to a new phone , MP3 player or an automobile , the consumer can easily shrug and say , “ if you have n’t told me enough about your gizmo how do you expect me to buy it ? ”
In an economy where consumer spending accounts for the majority of GDP , companies often submit to such rules and pour money into marketing .
If both sides want to continue this love / hate relationship then that is all fine and good in the realm of consumer discretionary products and personal luxuries , but the practice can instigate a dangerous level of expectation and hinder progressive change .
We arrive at an encompassing topic like sustainability with qualities and goals that exist outside of the typical , seasonal product lines .
The unique differences in green choices are often not visual , but hidden in parts of interconnected processes that most of us take for granted or are simply not interested in ( production , packaging , distribution , etc . )
The story behind these products is only part of the story for why they are so important , all of which is difficult to fit on a magazine page or a thirty - second sound byte .
Consequently , consumer education of sustainability has been slow as Americans continue to wait to be guided to better options .
Well , we can do a bit more than that .
The same systems that have exponentially increased in their ability to let others bring information to us still work just as well , if not better , the other way .
The internet alone allows for a grade school student to instantly access more information that someone could have found in a lifetime fifty years ago .
As members of numerous overlapping groups , societies and ecosystems we cannot only wait for the answers — we have to meet them half way .
Companies in every sector of the economy are poised to provide new solutions for how we live our lives ; they are waiting to meet a demand that has every reason to shift .
In a recent article in the Wall Street Journal reporter Jeffery Ball points out that :
“ Never before has there been such a flowering of practical energy - saving products , from double - pane windows to front - loading washing machines to hybrid gasoline - and - electric cars . ”
So what are we waiting for ?
Government intervention ?
A return to higher oil prices ?
As it turns out , we are going to get those anyway .
There is no shortage of resources to learn about sustainability and new alternatives to social trends .
Tens of thousands of people devote time and money to websites , organizations , lectures and expos to promote the spread of information .
The eager soul need not look far to learn .
The next phase in societal change towards a more sustainable economy can be instigated by consumers gaining a bit of knowledge for themselves and using it to craft the marketplace that they have control over .
Change is closer than most people believe — in no small part because the case for change is so strong — but its traction lies in the transition from companies trying to meet a need that consumers do n’t know enough to demand , to companies striving to meet the demand of educated consumers .
" ... the mere consciousness of an engagement will sometimes worry a whole day . "
– Charles Dickens July 2009
One reason programmers dislike meetings so much is that they 're on a different type of schedule from other people .
Meetings cost them more .
There are two types of schedule , which I 'll call the manager 's schedule and the maker 's schedule .
The manager 's schedule is for bosses .
It 's embodied in the traditional appointment book , with each day cut into one hour intervals .
You can block off several hours for a single task if you need to , but by default you change what you 're doing every hour .
When you use time that way , it 's merely a practical problem to meet with someone .
Find an open slot in your schedule , book them , and you 're done .
Most powerful people are on the manager 's schedule .
It 's the schedule of command .
But there 's another way of using time that 's common among people who make things , like programmers and writers .
They generally prefer to use time in units of half a day at least .
You can't write or program well in units of an hour .
That 's barely enough time to get started .
When you 're operating on the maker 's schedule , meetings are a disaster .
A single meeting can blow a whole afternoon , by breaking it into two pieces each too small to do anything hard in .
Plus you have to remember to go to the meeting .
That 's no problem for someone on the manager 's schedule .
There 's always something coming on the next hour ; the only question is what .
But when someone on the maker 's schedule has a meeting , they have to think about it .
For someone on the maker 's schedule , having a meeting is like throwing an exception .
It does n't merely cause you to switch from one task to another ; it changes the mode in which you work .
I find one meeting can sometimes affect a whole day .
A meeting commonly blows at least half a day , by breaking up a morning or afternoon .
But in addition there 's sometimes a cascading effect .
If I know the afternoon is going to be broken up , I 'm slightly less likely to start something ambitious in the morning .
I know this may sound oversensitive , but if you 're a maker , think of your own case .
Do n't your spirits rise at the thought of having an entire day free to work , with no appointments at all ?
Well , that means your spirits are correspondingly depressed when you do n't .
And ambitious projects are by definition close to the limits of your capacity .
A small decrease in morale is enough to kill them off .
Each type of schedule works fine by itself .
Problems arise when they meet .
Since most powerful people operate on the manager 's schedule , they 're in a position to make everyone resonate at their frequency if they want to .
But the smarter ones restrain themselves , if they know that some of the people working for them need long chunks of time to work in .
Our case is an unusual one .
Nearly all investors , including all VCs I know , operate on the manager 's schedule .
But Y Combinator runs on the maker 's schedule .
Rtm and Trevor and I do because we always have , and Jessica does too , mostly , because she 's gotten into sync with us .
I would n't be surprised if there start to be more companies like us .
I suspect founders may increasingly be able to resist , or at least postpone , turning into managers , just as a few decades ago they started to be able to resist switching from jeans to suits .
How do we manage to advise so many startups on the maker 's schedule ?
By using the classic device for simulating the manager 's schedule within the maker 's : office hours .
Several times a week I set aside a chunk of time to meet founders we 've funded .
These chunks of time are at the end of my working day , and I wrote a signup program that ensures all the appointments within a given set of office hours are clustered at the end .
Because they come at the end of my day these meetings are never an interruption .
( Unless their working day ends at the same time as mine , the meeting presumably interrupts theirs , but since they made the appointment it must be worth it to them . )
During busy periods , office hours sometimes get long enough that they compress the day , but they never interrupt it .
When we were working on our own startup , back in the 90s , I evolved another trick for partitioning the day .
I used to program from dinner till about 3 am every day , because at night no one could interrupt me .
Then I 'd sleep till about 11 am , and come in and work until dinner on what I called " business stuff . "
I never thought of it in these terms , but in effect I had two workdays each day , one on the manager 's schedule and one on the maker's .
When you 're operating on the manager 's schedule you can do something you 'd never want to do on the maker 's : you can have speculative meetings .
You can meet someone just to get to know one another .
If you have an empty slot in your schedule , why not ?
Maybe it will turn out you can help one another in some way .
Business people in Silicon Valley ( and the whole world , for that matter ) have speculative meetings all the time .
They 're effectively free if you 're on the manager 's schedule .
They 're so common that there 's distinctive language for proposing them : saying that you want to " grab coffee , " for example .
Speculative meetings are terribly costly if you 're on the maker 's schedule , though .
Which puts us in something of a bind .
Everyone assumes that , like other investors , we run on the manager 's schedule .
So they introduce us to someone they think we ought to meet , or send us an email proposing we grab coffee .
At this point we have two options , neither of them good : we can meet with them , and lose half a day 's work ; or we can try to avoid meeting them , and probably offend them .
Till recently we were n't clear in our own minds about the source of the problem .
We just took it for granted that we had to either blow our schedules or offend people .
But now that I 've realized what 's going on , perhaps there 's a third option : to write something explaining the two types of schedule .
Maybe eventually , if the conflict between the manager 's schedule and the maker 's schedule starts to be more widely understood , it will become less of a problem .
Those of us on the maker 's schedule are willing to compromise .
We know we have to have some number of meetings .
All we ask from those on the manager 's schedule is that they understand the cost .
Thanks to Sam Altman , Trevor Blackwell , Paul Buchheit , Jessica Livingston , and Robert Morris for reading drafts of this .
Related :
How to Do What You Love
Good and Bad Procrastination
Turkish Translation
French Translation
Korean Translation
German Translation
Agriculture of the Future : Japanese Plant Factories Methodically Produce Lettuce
What do you do in a country where the average farmer is 65 and only 5 % of all farmers are under 40 ?
Make food the way we make everything else : in factories .
The Ozu Corporation ’s plant factories , located all across Japan , grow lettuce and green leaves all day , every day in sterile environments that are uncontaminated by dirt , bugs , and even fresh air .
Instead of dirt - covered overalls , factory workers wear protective suits , surgical masks , and gloves .
The completely uncontaminated environment means that lettuce grown in the factories can be eaten without washing , and that it sells for a premium in grocery stores .
Without contamination worries , the lettuce crops do n’t have to worry about falling prey to disease .
It seems like something straight out of a scary science fiction novel , but plant factories will almost certainly crop up around the world if we ca n’t make farming appealing to younger generations–and release ourselves from the hold of disease - prone factory - farmed crops .
Plant factories are n’t the end of the world , but removing our connection to the land is a dangerous prospect , and one that we would do well to avoid .
[ Via UK Daily Mail ]
Please follow and like us :
Related
About the Author Guest Contributor is many , many people .
We publish a number of guest posts from experts in a large variety of fields .
This is our contributor account for those special people . :D
Equality is gaining ground at homes across the USA , but the move toward parity leaves some mothers in a quandary ; they 're ready to share the workload with their partners , but to do that , they 'll also have to come to terms with the loss of hierarchy at home .
" Women who want to create this sometimes do n't appreciate the level at which they must let go , " says Amy Vachon of Watertown , Mass .
She and her husband , Marc , have become the standard - bearers for a philosophy called " equally shared parenting . "
" It 's not so much the stereotypical ' Let my husband dress the kids in things that do n't match ' — that 's the surface , easy stuff .
It 's more the deep - down letting go — being just fine when your child runs to your husband instead of you when she falls down on the playground , " she says .
" My first reaction is , ' I hope the other mothers did n't notice because maybe they would judge me . ' "
The idea that Mother Knows Best for all things home and family is deeply ingrained and complicated by gender roles , socialization and culture , experts say .
And now new research is beginning to help make sense of that maternal angst .
" There are a lot of pressures that keep reinforcing the division of responsibility in parenting that leaves moms in the control position — the ' expert parent ' role , " says demographer Catherine Kenney of Bowling Green State University in Bowling Green , Ohio , who has studied how mothers ' beliefs affect fathers ' involvement .
New research into the idea of " maternal gatekeeping " shows how attitudes and actions by the mother may promote or impede father involvement .
" For women who insist they have the gold standard around parenting and housework , men just tend to walk away , " says Joshua Coleman , a clinical psychologist in San Francisco and Oakland .
" They feel their own ideas about how the house should look or … how the children should be raised are n't given equal share . "
Kenney presented research she co-wrote at a meeting of the Population Association of America over the weekend .
The study of 1,023 couples from 20 large cities in the USA found mothers were protective of their caregiving and educational engagement with the child but were less so for playtime activities that " were not considered threats to the mother 's caregiving identity , " the paper says .
" Maybe he 's not more involved because mom is holding him back , " Kenney says .
Through interviews at the child 's birth and at ages 1 , 3 and 5 , mothers and fathers reported about their own parenting expectations and beliefs as well as the time personally spent in various caregiving activities .
Dad needs woman 's support
Other gatekeeping research co-written by Sarah Schoppe - Sullivan , an assistant professor of child development at Ohio State University in Columbus , is significant because it studied actual behaviors rather than just beliefs , and of the 97 couples participating , fathers were more involved in daily care of infants when they received active encouragement from the wife or partner .
" This study provides perhaps the best evidence to date that the phenomenon of maternal gatekeeping exists and that , under some conditions , it may have the potential to affect fathering behavior , " says the study , published last year in the Journal of Family Psychology .
Corinna Buchholz , 34 , of Portland , Ore. , says " gatekeeping is real because you love your child so much and want to say , ' Wait , do it this way . '
I try very hard not to because it 's somewhat counterproductive . "
At the Shippensburg , Pa. , home of Catherine Zobal Dent , 37 , and Silas Dent Zobal , 35 , equality has reached a greater level of sharing .
Both are college English professors who recently left their respective campuses and will share one tenure - track faculty position this fall at Susquehanna University , about 80 miles away .
They have a son , Emerson Dent Zobal , 3 .
A daughter , whom they plan to name Lake Zobal Dent , is due in two weeks .
" My mom strongly identified with the feminist movement , " Silas says , explaining a fairness mentality that sometimes even surprises his wife .
Says Catherine : " I have this image in my head of my mother preparing and serving the food and my father being the social conductor .
When Silas and I are entertaining colleagues or friends , sometimes I find myself wanting to revert to that position .
I 'll stand up to clear the table and think it 's OK if he continues to sit , but he does n't .
He stands up , too . "
Other names for the same approach include " co-parenting , " " peer parenting " or " shared care , " but the concept " equally shared parenting " the Vachons adopted was first suggested 10 years ago in a book by psychologist Francine M. Deutsch called Halving It All : How Equally Shared Parenting Works .
They 've created a website , equallysharedparenting.com .
Their book , Equally Shared Parenting : Rewriting the Rules for a New Generation of Parents , will be published in January .
Not ' just a hired hand '
" There are those that absolutely want equally shared parenting .
They want a true equal partner who wants an equivalent say , " Amy Vachon says .
" But I also hear a huge group of people focused on these task divisions .
They want a better helper at home , and that is not equally shared parenting . "
The Vachons are both 46 , and each works outside the home 32 hours a week .
She 's a clinical pharmacist .
He works in information technology for a market research firm .
They have two children , Maia , 6 , and Theo , 3 .
" I want to be an equal partner here , " Marc Vachon says , not " just a hired hand . "
He says planning a birthday party for their daughter starts with his wife 's list of what has to be done — to which he agrees or disputes — before they decide how to divvy up the jobs .
" I do n't want to be nagged or reminded , " he says .
" If I 'm watching TV or going to play tennis , she has to trust me as a person living up to my responsibility .
I 'll get things done .
She does not need to worry about it . "
That 's not what happens in many homes , says Andrea O'Reilly , associate professor of women 's studies and director of the Association for Research on Mothering at York University - Toronto .
" She might delegate to her partner , but if you have to do the remembering and the organizing , the planning and the worrying , that 's not equality , " she says .
" The intellectual labor of running a household — that work is still done predominantly by women . "
Sampson Lee Blair , an associate professor of sociology at the University at Buffalo , studies division of labor in families .
He says decades of research have found a " very sharp gender divide of ' his work ' vs. ' her work . ' "
For the same - sex couple
Negotiating roles is somewhat different in same - sex couples , says Esther Rothblum , a women 's studies professor at San Diego State University .
" It 's unusual in same - sex couples that one person does everything and the other person does nothing , " she says .
Psychotherapist Anne Coyle , 45 , of El Cerrito , Calif. , says she and her partner of almost 16 years have " divided it more like a traditional , heterosexual couple " as they parent a son , age 8 .
" I pick up Isaac and tend to do more of the cooking and cleaning , whereas Linda tends to work more and bring in more of the income .
We 're choosing that , and it's each of our preferences , " she says .
Schoppe - Sullivan , 34 , says that although she and her husband try to share parenting of their 3 - year - old equally , she understands what mothers have at stake .
" I have certainly felt ambivalent about relinquishing control over what my daughter wears or eats .
There are times when my husband dresses her in an outfit and I think , ' What is he doing ? '
I try to bite my tongue , " she says .
" The way your children look , a lot of mothers feel like it reflects on them .
" The way I would describe it is , in the end , society is still not going to come down on the father , " she says .
" Society is going to come down on you . "
READERS : How do you and your spouse split parenting duties ?
Happy Saturday .
Today we ’d like to spend a few moments with our favorite comic , Lee Camp .
First , a recent appearance at Comix .
And now , a look at some fun rules at a high school in Virginia .
( Staggeringly , this did not happen in Southern Virginia , but up north where they have n’t yet outlawed education . )
The Royal Mint has made a blunder in the issue of the new twenty pence .
The new design was to move the date from the front of the coin ( ‘ tails ’ side ) to the back of the coin ( ‘ heads ’ side ) .
It seems that to save time , they merely created the new front without the date and used the old back without updating it .
The error was spotted early but it is believed that around 100,000 of these made it into circulation .
Such is this rare event , coin collectors believe that the coin will be worth a lot of money in years to come .
Early valuations of this undated 20 p are around £ 50 but the online auction site ebay already has some lucky finders of this coin selling them at over £ 100 , that ’s 500 times there original value which is n’t bad if you got it as change from you daily pint of milk down the shops .
No doubt this will cause a huge amount of people sifting through their change to see if they can find one .
You may be able to earn a quick buck by selling these straight away but as more and more of these end up in the hands of collectors , they will become harder to obtain by others and therefore much more valuable .
Keep it safe for a few years or maybe until the new design is updated and then get a valuation .
Share this page : Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Pinterest
Issue # 41 • September / October , 1996
The thing I like the most about Backwoods Home is that , unlike a lot of other magazines , the articles are written by folks who are actually doing the things they write about .
Folks like Massad Ayoob , Don Fallick , and Dynah Geissal have already learned their stuff by trial and error , which can save the rest of us the time , troubles , and expenses of initial experimentation .
It ’s good to fool around with new ideas , but we can use other folks ’ experience as proven starting points , and then adapt our own ideas and improvements into their concepts .
As an example of building on someone else ’s experience , let me tell you how I ended up building the perfect large - quantity food dehydrator .
1 . Dry - stack block to make three walls .
Rest the barrel on a bed of stones .
Set 4x4s in the corners and sheet steel on top .
Since our garden , fruit trees , strawberry patches , etc. , have always produced abundantly for us , we ’ve worked at developing the skills to preserve this abundance from one harvest to the next .
Canning and freezing only go so far , so for a couple of years we fooled around with various types of dehydrators .
The relatively inexpensive Ronco brand electric dehydrator we purchased at an area gun show works great for small quantities , and we find it very useful for that .
However , solar dehydrators turned out to be an entirely different story .
I can tell you from experience that unless you ’re living somewhere like one of our southwestern deserts , where you can depend on plenty of hot , dry weather for lengthy periods , solar dryers ( whether purchased or owner - built ) just are n’t dependable enough for real backwoods - type use .
As a result , I fooled around with several other ideas , but none of them worked out to our satisfaction .
I might have given up on the idea entirely had it not been for the intervention of an elderly friend whose family has owned and operated an apple orchard for several generations .
Not only did this gentleman show me more than I ’d ever thought of knowing about apple varieties ( best choices for eating , baking , sweet and hard cider , applejack , etc. ) , but he also showed me what was left of the big wood - fired fruit dryers that his father and grandfather had used in the days before electric refrigeration , large commercial canneries , and such .
While he explained how they were used , we looked them over .
Remembering from his early youth , he also told me how his family , and other large commercial growers , would dry many tons of fruit every year .
Demand always outran what they were able to supply .
2. Install supports for trays .
Though the dryers on his property had pretty much fallen apart from years of decay and neglect , some simple measurements showed me that , when up and running , each one would have been easily capable of holding 30 bushels of produce .
He assured me that regardless of the weather conditions , 24 hours was the maximum drying time , even for the juiciest fruit .
Although 30 bushels seemed much more than we ’d ever need to dry in one shot , it was easy to see how such a simple wood - fueled dehydrator could be built in practically any size .
There was a heat source at the bottom with interchangeable drying trays arranged over it , with eave vents and a sort of cupola vent on the roof ( kind of like what you see on many older barns ) to allow the rising warmed air to carry away the moisture from the drying fruit .
I later learned that on cool nights , you can watch the vapor escape from these vents .
3 . Cover three sides with plywood , hinged for access .
After tossing this idea around for a while , and fiddling with some figures to come up with a size more appropriate for our own use , I built a scaled - down version of those commercial dryers .
Now , about 15 years later , it ’s still serving our family ’s needs perfectly .
This simple design is so readily adaptable that you can include your own modifications to adapt it to your needs .
So , while I ’m going to detail the design that I used , remember that you can change practically any of the details and techniques to suit your own requirements and resources .
First of all , since I ’d already located a reliable source for free , empty 55 - gallon steel drums , I decided to build a simple barrel stove for the heat source .
Laying the drum on the ground , I stacked extra-wide ( 16 ″ ) foundation blocks around three sides of the drum , fashioning three un-mortared walls , two blocks taller than the drum .
Next , I filled in the area between these block walls with ordinary field stones to the level of the top of the first row of blocks , so as to keep the stove up off the ground .
4 . Leave openings in the fourth side for inserting and removing trays .
I dropped 4×4 timbers into the hollows of the corner blocks and fashioned a wooden framework to hold the drying trays .
On three sides of the dehydrator , I used half - inch CDX plywood to close them off completely .
However , each piece is hinged at the bottom , being held shut by hook - and - eye fasteners at the tops , to allow for easy access for cleaning after each use .
On the fourth side , I left openings similar to those of a chest of drawers for inserting and removing the drying trays .
Note :
Since this will be used for food processing and there is heat involved , you should not use pressure - treated lumber and avoid lead - based paint .
I built the trays from 1x3s and the lids from 1x2s .
I used hardware cloth for the tray bottoms and metal window screen to cover the tops , which are fastened to the trays with hinges .
I also used metal window screen to cover the eave and cupola vents to further prevent any possibility of insect damage .
I used painted canvas for the roofing material ( as covered in the May / June 1996 issue of BHM ) .
5 . Install roof , vents , and stovepipe .
I used a hammer and cold chisel to cut an eight - inch - diameter hole in one end of the drum for fitting a stovepipe , and I cut a square access door in the opposite end .
I used cheap hinges and sheet metal screws to reattach the square of metal removed from the door opening , along with a simple hook - and - eye to hold this door shut .
This works just as well as the door provided with a purchased barrel stove kit ; it just does n’t look quite so pretty .
Adding a damper in the stove pipe , and being able to remove or reinsert either or both of the original barrel plugs , allows for heat control .
The most expensive part of this whole setup ( and it did n’t cost that much ) , was a piece of 1/8 ″ steel cut to rest on the inside two inches of the top of the block wall .
This creates a much more even distribution of heat , and the extra width of the block wall keeps the heat just far enough from the wooden outer walls .
In use , you ’ll need to rotate the trays every couple hours or so .
Just remove the top tray , setting it aside for a moment , and raise each of the remaining trays one position .
Then take the tray you ’d removed from the top , and reinsert it in the lowest position .
It ’s also necessary to keep a low fire going inside the stove during the entire drying process .
During the day , we work in shifts , adding dry corn cobs and keeping the draft regulated as required .
Then towards bedtime , we load the stove up with large , unsplit , only - partially - dried logs ( remember , this is out - of - doors , not inside your living room , so a chimney fire is n’t a major problem ) and damper the stove almost all the way down .
At least two or three times during the night , one of us will get up to go out and reshuffle the drying trays .
Usually we begin the drying process early in the morning .
That way , by the time we ’re up and about the next morning , the dehydration process is normally completed .
6 . Hinge lids to trays .
Generally , we use dehydrated fruits and vegetables in one of two ways .
There are plenty of other methods for using dried foods , but these two are our family favorites .
The first method is simply to reconstitute the dried food by soaking it in water overnight , then using it in exactly the same manner as frozen food , in any recipe .
This tastes a little better than using frozen fruit or vegetables , but otherwise you ca n’t really tell the difference .
The other method we like is to run the thoroughly dried food through our hand - cranked grain mill , producing pumpkin , potato , and other specialty flours , as well as apple , tomato , carrot , onion , and other “ powders , ” which are terrific cooking aids .
Remember , you can vary the size , construction techniques , materials , and so forth to customize this design to fit your own circumstances .
For example , you could build a really large masonry firebox , or use a smaller 30 - or 15 - gallon drum , or even an inverted washtub , for the heat source .
You could substitute dowels , laths , or sticks for the trays , if you ’ll only be making jerky , drying fish , and such .
Or you could make any number of other customizations .
So whatever your food storage needs might be , a similar wood - fueled dehydrator could prove just as perfect for you as ours has for us .
Who knows , you might even find that there ’s a market in your area for some of your delicious dried fruit .
There ’s some trends on the Internet that just wont die .
I swear sometimes I do n’t even know what decade it is when I click on a link and find an archaic HTML 3.2 driven site layered with frames and animated gifs .
But what is even more disturbing is when you stagger into a site that was written only weeks ago and it looks like something you made in Grade 9 on your Packard Bell desktop .
Every day I find my way on to some terribly produced site that makes me gag .
Here ’s a short list of web design mistakes that drive me up the wall :
10 – JavaScript Links
This one is n’t always noticeable , when you use the website the way the designer expected you to use it .
What they did not expect was for you to ctrl+click or middle click a link to open it in a new tab .
Perhaps you just wanted to copy the URL so you can send it to a friend ?
Unfortunately far too many developers leave off the href attribute when they use an onClick , or they needlessly make their links use JavaScript in order to do something silly like open it as a popup .
9 – Denying Right Click
I ca n’t help but laugh every time I see this one .
Almost all browsers these days override the developer ’s attempt to stop you from right clicking .
Instead what happens is they get an alert saying its not allowed at the same time as the right click menu .
If you are that worried about me stealing your image , there are better ways to stop it .
Trying to deny right clicks just annoys the user , and provides them no benefit .
8 – Under Construction
Virtually every website is under construction , they continue to evolve and add content .
Putting an Under Construction header ( or worse , an animated gif of some stick men construction workers ) on your site is like putting a Caution – Hot sticker on a stove .
What makes this problem even worse is when you eventually abandon your website , because you got bored of it or ran out of clip art , it will permanently bear this Under Construction warning until the end of time .
7 – Splitting Content
I appreciate the fact that you might be trying to break up the article to make it seem less intimidating to read , but you can solve that issue by just adding some white space .
I can handle more than three paragraphs at a time .
We all know the real reason you broke your single page article into six pages was just so you could get more ad impressions .
But guess what , when I got the “ continued on page 2 ” link I just closed the page .
6 – All Flash Websites
You ’re a graphic designer , not a web designer .
Stop trying to be both .
Not only is the noise and “ flashiness ” of your website annoying , but it ’s extremely hard to navigate your site .
How am I supposed to know that if I hover my mouse over bird another the link to the gallery will appear .
To make matters worse , once I find the section I need I ca n’t even bookmark it because your whole page exists as one URL .
So each time I come here I have to watch your long and useless intro , then stumble through your horrible menu system .
5 – Splash Pages
Wow , you know Photoshop or Flash .
I ’m not impressed .
In fact , I ’m annoyed because I just had to perform yet another click to get to the content of your page .
To make matters worse , you tried to be creative with your placement of the enter button and I can’t find it on your splash page at all .
4 – Resizing the Window
I like my window the size it is .
If its maximized , it ’s because I wanted it maximized .
If it ’s only taking up half my screen , it ’s most likely because I needed the other half for something else .
Yes , your crappy flash page was meant to be viewed at 800×600 , but I will resize it myself if I need to .
3 – Videos that Auto Play
Chances are that I have no interest in the videos you ’ve put on your site .
If I wanted to find a video I would have searched on Youtube or a similar engine .
Your video may be relavent and useful to me , but please give me the option to start it when I ’m ready .
I often open many tabs at once and do n’t get to them for some time .
Having to click on each one , scroll through pages of posts and try and find the source of the talking I hear , and then stopping it is really annoying .
What ’s even more annoying is when you have 10 videos on your main page that all start playing at once — seriously , what made you think that would be a good idea ?
2 – Music
Even more annoying than videos is background music .
We all have very different tastes in music , I probably do n’t like what you like .
In fact , I probably hate it .
And what I ’d probably hate even more is for it to scare the living crap out of me when I open your site at 3 am and have neglected to turn my speakers off .
I have never seen a website that needed background music , never .
I do n’t care if it ’s a website for your favourite band , it does n’t need to auto play .
If you feel you need sound on your site , follow this one simple rules give the user the option of if and when they ’d like to hear it .
1 – Click Here …
Some of you will think it ’s silly that I put this on the top of my list .
But this one is huge for me because it is a plague that has infested the majority of the Internet .
It ’s become so popular and normal to see on a website that I continuously have intelligent , highly educated clients handing me text full of “ click here … ” links .
There is no need for this , link the title or action as you mention it , you will look far more professional if you do .
So , what are your pet peeves ?
The Air Force does n't exactly want its drones powered by purple bacteria .
Instead , the air service would like to use a synthetic dye , based one the microorganisms , to juice up its robotic planes .
Let me explain :
The U.S. armed services are on a slow crawl towards environmental friendliness , investing in everything from massive solar arrays to algae - based jet fuels to trash - powered generators .
Military - funded researchers are also experimenting with downright novel methods to come up with green fuel and power .
Like this bacteria - and - drones project .
The Air Force is sponsoring a University of Washington research effort to generate power using a bacterial pigment that can convert solar energy to electricity , Defense News reports .
The pigment , found in purple microorganisms that thrive in shallow water , harnesses sunlight to convert carbon dioxide to carbohydrates , which the bacteria then uses for energy .
Dr. Minoru Taya's University of Washington lab has created a synthetic version of the pigment and embedded it into solar energy cells ( the components of solar panels ) .
When the dye - sensitized cells are hit by sunlight , the pigment launches an electron circuit , yielding electricity .
That process can repeat over and over , so the cells rarely need replacing .
Right now , the cells are used commercially to recharge cell phones .
It would take a lot more of them to charge an unmanned aerial vehicle ( UAV ) , but the military thinks the project is feasible .
Mostly because dye - sensitized cells are cheap and small compared to the silicon alternative .
They ’re a little less efficient , but cost a quarter as much to produce .
And the cells are lightweight and thin , so they could spread across the wings of an UAV without taking up extra space .
And that ’s exactly what the Air Force wants : panels of dye - sensitized cells that run along the wingspan of UAV’s , charging a battery that could power the plane ’s propeller , surveillance systems , onboard computers and flight controls .
So far , the Air Force has spent $ 450,000 on the project , and expect to power an UAV with the mock bacterial dye within three to five years .
But the cells could be used in other projects before that .
The military is considering a bacteria - inspired solar " power shade " that would fit over Army tents to keep the electricity flowing inside .
[ Photo : NASA ]
ALSO :
ARRRR !
The first episode o’ Tales o’ Monkey Isle “ Launch of the Screaming Narwhal ” , arrr be available fer PC this comin ’ Toosdee , July 7th .
To hold ye off until then , we be havin ’ got a gameplay video , screenshots an’ idee art straight from Tell Tale Games .
Be havin’ a look .
Barack Obama praised the contribution of British troops in Afghanistan today but warned there was " still a long way to go " .
The US president 's comments came after 15 British soldiers were killed in the first 11 days of July – including eight in 24 hours on Friday – taking the UK military death toll in the country since October 2001 to 184 , five more than the lives lost by British forces in Iraq .
The deaths have increased concerns over the strategy in Afghanistan , in particular whether there are sufficient troop numbers and the forces are properly equipped .
" The contribution of the British is critical , this is not an American mission , " Obama told Adam Boulton on Sunday Live on Sky News .
" The mission in Afghanistan is one that the Europeans have as much , if not more , of a stake in than we do .
Certainly the Afghans as well as the Pakistanis have more of a stake than we do .
The likelihood of a terrorist attack in London is at least as high , if not higher , than it is in the United States .
And that 's the reason why Tony Blair and Gordon Brown and others have made this commitment . "
The US president said his " heart obviously goes out to the families of those British soldiers " .
" We knew that this summer was going to be tough fighting , that there was an interest in the Taliban exerting control , they have I think been pushed back , but we still have a long way to go , " Obama said .
He said there would be an evaluation of tactics after the Afghan election .
The Ministry of Defence is considering a troops surge and a review of tactics .
In an interview with the British Forces Broadcasting Service today , the prime minister , Gordon Brown , echoed Obama 's comments that the campaign in Afghanistan was necessary to protect Britain from the threat of terrorism .
He insisted that the Operation Panther 's Claw offensive to drive the Taliban from central Helmand province was making considerable progress .
" I think the operation we are engaged with is showing signs of success .
Our troops are making progress as they attempt to make the area safe , " he said .
" The reports that I have show that despite the loss of life – and it is tragic and it is very , very sad indeed – our forces are doing a magnificent job in moving forward . "
Last week , the Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg said young lives were being " thrown away " in Afghanistan .
Today , Brown acknowledged there was public concern about the campaign , but he insisted it was part of a " clear strategy " to remove the terrorist networks from Afghanistan and Pakistan in order to protect the streets of Britain .
" It comes back to terrorism on the streets of Britain .
If we were to allow the Taliban to be back in power in Afghanistan and al - Qaida then to have the freedom of manoeuvre it had before 2001 , then we would be less safe as a country .
" There is a line of terror – what you might call a chain of terror – that links what 's happening in Afghanistan and Pakistan to the streets of Britain . "
Clegg also said that British troops in Afghanistan were " being bailed " out by newly arrived US forces - a claim that the defence secretary , Bob Ainsworth , angrily rejected today .
" This is not an American takeover , I think that 's quite disgusting for people to suggest , " Ainsworth told BBC News .
" The notion that the Americans came to bail us out in Helmand province is an extraordinary thing for as politician to say . "
He insisted that Britain had " just about the most capable armed forces in Afghanistan " .
" They will tell you that they have seen a massive improvement in personal kit and equipment ... and vehicles , " he said .
Back in 2005 , RUF Automobile released the Rt 12 , based on the Porsche 997 , with massive 650 horsepower .
Now the German super - tuner has decided it ’s time for another update .
The RUF Rt 12 S gets a little more get - up with 685 horsepower which is good for a top speed of 224 mph .
With this much power , RUF decided that it might be wise to give the driver a little more protection and has integrated a roll bar cage into the ceiling .
RUF has integrated large air ducts into the 911 Turbo ’s widened rear fenders , added a carbon fiber rear spoiler , installed CT3 mirrors and updated the front fascia including LED daytime running lights and turn signals .
Ceramic disc brakes are placed just behind new RUF forged 19 inch light alloy wheels front and back .
Additional options include a hydraulic height adjustable front axle with up to 50 mm more clearance , bucket seats or sports seats , a revised steering wheel with additional grip and your choice of any type of varnish , aluminum or carbon accents .
The RUF Rt 12 S starts at $ 359,000 and can be delivered either in standard AWD or converted to RWD .
Even though this car is an absolute monster , the aesthetic mods are nicely integrated and rather subtle , if I dare say so .
For those looking for more extreme styling , I think that simply selecting this car in a dark color ( or something other than red ) would make it appear much more aggressive and would not warrant further customization .
Even going with some two - tone racing inspired livery like the Porsche 911 GT2 9ff BT2 would make a huge difference .
Just my two cents …
Source : RUF Automobile
( NOTE : I am in fact gimpish .
I lost my leg to cancer and I ’m writing this article to be funny and informative , so I do n’t want to hear any whining in the comments about it being insensitive .
Grow up . )
One of the biggest stories to come out of E3 this year was the announcement of Project Natal .
A motion capture peripheral for the Xbox 360 due out sometime next year .
And after looking at the video they showcased during their press conference I ’ll admit I was pretty excited .
Motion capture , if done right , could be a great step forward in gaming .
Unless you ’re handicapped that is .
What ’s wrong with you people ?
If you can go virtual skateboarding in a game would n’t you think you could learn to do it in real life ?
Playing a fighting game by flailing your limbs around to simulate punching and kicking looks fun , if you have all of your limbs that is .
Same thing with soccer .
If you two legged people like to show off so much by playing the game , drag your ass outside with some friends and play the real thing .
Gaming is supposed to be an escape , not an exact replica of the real thing .
I ’m good at games because I have to be .
It ’s the only way I can participate in sports ( without forking over ridiculous amounts of money for adaptive equipment ) like baseball and football .
I ’ll kick your ass at Madden because that ’s my playing field .
Period .
So I ask you bipeds , do n’t use Natal to virtually do anything you can already do , I ’ll cry .
And I have n’t done any crying since The Notebook .
If this is the future of gaming then I ’m screwed .
Unless EA Sports starts developing Wheelchair Jousting 2010 .
Hint , hint .
Antibiotics used extensively in intensive livestock production may be having an adverse effect on agricultural soil
In a presentation to the Society for General Microbiology meeting at Harrogate International Centre March 30 , Dr Heike Schmitt from the University of Utrecht , the Netherlands described how antibiotics passed from the animals in manure that was then spread on farmland .
Although higher organisms , such as earthworms , would only be affected at unrealistic concentrations of antibiotics , changes in soil bacterial communities have been found repeatedly using molecular microbiological techniques .
Bacteria involved in the nitrogen cycle , which replenishes nutrients in the soil , seem to be particularly affected .
The effects persisted over several weeks and were still seen even when the antibiotics had broken down significantly .
In addition the microbial population of the soil changed as fungi replaced the bacteria suppressed by the antibiotics .
“ The antibiotic concentrations that to date have been found in agricultural soils are smaller than the concentrations at which the adverse effects start occurring ” , said Dr Schmitt .
“ However , this might not be the case for ‘ hot spots ” , for example , when manure is not mixed thoroughly in the soil . ”
source : sciencedaily
[ Every week , IndieGames.com : The Weblog editor Tim W. will be summing up some of the top free - to - download and commercial indie games from the last seven days , as well as any notable features on his sister ' state of indie ' weblog . ]
This week on ' Best Of Indie Games ' , we take a look at some of the top independent PC Flash / downloadable titles released over this last week .
The goodies in this edition include a new Flash game from the developer of Mighty Jill Off , an offbeat physics - based platformer , a puzzle game centered around the manipulation of vector fields , an adventure game about a con man and his last job before retirement , plus a free - to - download PC version of an upcoming Xbox Live Indie Games release .
Game Pick : ' When Pigs Fly ' ( dessgeega , browser ) " When Pigs Fly tells the story of a pig who conveniently grows wings after falling down a hole and finding itself trapped inside a dark cave .
Unfortunately the pair of wings are preventing a quick escape from the same entry point , so the only thing left to do is to explore the caverns and seek another way out . "
Game Pick : ' Seven ' ( Makibishi Inc. , browser ) " Seven is a short physics - based puzzler created by the developers of the popular adventure game Makibishi Comic , in which your quest is to restore balance to a strange planet by travelling to each of the seven stages and retrieving the stars found within .
You are allowed to play the stages in any order you like , although one of the puzzles can only be solved with the use of a particular item from another level . "
Game Pick : ' Disk Field ' ( Jeremy Appleyard , browser ) " Disk Field is a short puzzler based on manipulating vector fields to push a spinning disk through each level .
It starts off nice and simple but eventually gets pretty challenging .
There 's also really not that much to it , yet it 's still strangely compelling .
Be warned that a few levels towards the end require concentration of the highest levels . "
Game Pick : ' A Night To Remember ' ( Ethan Damschroder , freeware ) " Nathan Carter has one more big job to finish before he can take an early retirement , but his final con does n't go exactly as planned .
A Night To Remember sees Nathan plunged into a story he'd much rather not be part of .
It 's your typical adventure game with an interesting and sinister tale that will take around half an hour to complete . "
Game Pick : ' Gum Drop Celestial Frontier ' ( Elbert Perez , freeware ) " Do n't let the long and rather odd name put you off - this is a free - to - download PC version of Elbert Perez 's upcoming Xbox Live Community Games title ' Gum Drop Celestial Frontier ' .
While your ship does n't have any lasers to take on the incoming enemies , it does have the SMASH ball , which can be swung around your ship and , well , smashed into your opponents .
There 's also a few other different moves which can be pulled off , and many powerups to try out .
The game itself feels nicely polished and well worth a look - in . "
As we come to the time of Peak Food , after which the amount of basic food available for each person in the world declines as population continues to rise , it is crucial that the conversion of feed in to meat is as efficient as possible .
This is where poultry has a big advantage .
It can take less then 2kg of high quality feed to produce 1 kg of poultry meat compared with up to 10 kg for beef and somewhere in between for pork .
Dr Merdo MacLoed , editor - in - chief of British Poultry Science recently presented the result of a year long study into the importance of research in UK poultry and said , ” At a time of concerns about climate change , the environment and human population growth , we should be positive about what the poultry industry has to offer .
“ The industry has been on the defensive for many years but objective analysis shows that poultry meat and egg production have important advantages over other ways of producing animal protein . ”
We agree that poultry should be the main method of meat production in the future , but we also believe that there will need to be less meat in our diets so that more grains and legumes can be eaten directly by humans .
This video conclusively proves that the movie will be amazing ; that it will be fun for joy - loving persons of all ages ; and that there should definitely be more videos on the internet of babies reacting to movie trailers .
Stem - Cell - Coated Contact Lenses Are Curing the Blind
Regeneration of damaged tissues due to corneal disease begins in as few as two weeks
A British physicist has revealed his plan to launch a new internet search engine so powerful that one expert has suggested it " could be as important as Google " .
London - born scientist Stephen Wolfram says that his company , Wolfram Research , is preparing to unveil the system in two months ' time .
Known as Wolfram Alpha , the site is an attempt to address some of the deficiencies of current web search by understanding people 's questions and answering them directly .
" Fifty years ago , when computers were young , people assumed that they 'd quickly be able to handle all these kinds of things … and that one would be able to ask a computer any factual question and have it compute the answer , " he wrote on the Wolfram Research website .
" But it did n't work out that way … I 'd always thought , though , that eventually it should be possible .
And a few years ago , I realised that I was finally in a position to try and do it . "
According to its creator , the system understands questions that users input and then calculates the answers based on its extensive mathematical and scientific engine .
Natural language processing – the ability to determine – has long been a holy grail for computer scientists , who believe for interacting with machines in an instinctive way .
And that , says Wolfram , is part of the code that Alpha has cracked .
" The way humans normally communicate is through natural language – and when one 's dealing with the whole spectrum of knowledge , I think that 's the only realistic option for communicating with computers too , " he wrote .
" Of course , getting computers to deal with natural language has turned out to be incredibly difficult .
And , for example , we 're still very far away from having computers systematically understand large volumes of natural language text on the web . "
Other search engines , such as Google , compare search terms against billions of documents stored on its servers , before pointing to the pages on which the correct answer is probably kept .
Although this method has proved phenomenally successful , many computer scientists have continued trying to create a system that can understand human language .
One of the most recent to claim a breakthrough was Powerset , which raised $ 12.5 m ( £ 8.9 m ) in funding and was under development for several years – but only released a limited search engine for Wikipedia before being bought by Microsoft for $ 100 m last year .
According to Nova Spivack , the founder of another intelligent web service , Twine , Alpha is far more impressive than what has gone before .
" Wolfram Alpha is like plugging into a vast electronic brain , " he wrote .
" It provides extremely impressive and thorough questions asked in many different ways , and it computes answers – it does n't merely look them up in a big database . "
The plan is already gaining media attention , but the 49 - year - old is used to getting noticed for his exploits .
After studying at Eton and Oxford , Wolfram went on to receive his PhD in theoretical physics from the California Institute of Technology at the age of 20 .
As a result he was awarded a Macarthur genius grant in 1981 , and later generated a mixture of applause and opprobrium with his famous book , A New Kind of Science .
In it , he suggested that simple algorithms , rather than complex rules and structures , could be at the root of all science .
Reaction to the idea – which Wolfram said could boil down to a computer program consisting of just " three or four lines of code " – was mixed .
Some critics felt that Wolfram unfairly refused to submit his theories to peer review in the decade that he worked on the book , while others claimed he courted publicity by building up the image of a reclusive genius .
Whatever the outcome of Wolfram 's audacious claims , however , his track record is strong .
One of his previous creations , the computer program Mathematica , is now used by many scientists to help them with their work .
Shipping Agent and Freight Forwarder
Welcome to Ascope Shipping Services UK company .
Ascope Shipping company is one of the leading specialists in container and vehicle shipping services from UK .
We have a team of experienced and dedicated staff , fully trained in the intricacies of international shipping from UK .
We have earned a well - deserved reputation as successful freight forwarder representing ship operators in UK .
Ascope Shipping offers affordable shipping prices that are worth your while trusting that your vehicles / cargo will get to the destination safely and securely .
If you are looking to ship your vehicle ( saloon cars , 4×4 cars , SUV’s , Trucks , Tractors , Buses , Vans or Heavy Plant Machinery ) , personal items or container from UK to overseas , we have a professional and reputable record .
Our company has good networks with many ports in United Kingdom for cargo and car shipping from UK .
Through our network , we ensure that vehicles and cargo dock at destination port safely .
We are becoming largely known within the shipping industry as being the name to trust for all car and cargo shipping from the UK .
We offer sublime customer service in the export and shipping agents industry .
We are earning our reputation through highly satisfied customers , vast experience , an unmatched quality of service and a highly dedicated team .
Please see our customers reviews .
Your cargo can either be exported on Roll on Roll off or Container ( 20 ft or 40 ft ) shipping service .
Whether you wish to deliver the vehicle or cargo to the port of export or if you would prefer us to collect from your door on a fully insured vehicle transporter we can meet all your logistical needs .
We realise that relocation and moving vehicle , container or personal items overseas can be a complicated experience , which is why we strive to make the process as painless as possible .
With no obligation , receive a free instant cargo or car shipping quote by contacting us by phone or filling out the easy to use quote request form .
Regardless of the shipping method , we will transport your vehicle / cargo from UK with the care you would expect so that it arrives safely at its destination .
For more information , speak to a member of our knowledgeable team about our shipping services .
Skip to comments .
Obama is missing !
DN.no ( Nowegian Forum ) ^ | December 2 , 2008 | James W. von Brunn
Posted on by wannabegeek
click here to read article
To : TigersEye ; Reagan Man
These threads have been attracting some very rude posters , recently , who just engage in name - calling without providing substantive answers .
To : MinuteGal
Since you 're a poem aficionado , Obama is what was ‘ way upstairs ’ in Little Orphan Annie .
' And the Goblins 'l git ya if ya do n't watch out . '
by 42 posted onby MHGinTN ( Believing they cannot be deceived , they cannot be convinced when they are deceived . )
To : CaribouCrossing
Sorry , bucko .
I do n’t accept your premise or your attempt to equate Reagan with a buncha kook ideas .
Obama won the election .
Get over it and get on with it .
You ’d be better off putting your energy into advancing the conservative agenda and working to get conservatives elected in 2010 .
by 43 posted onby Reagan Man ( " In this present crisis , government is not the solution to our problem ; government is the problem . " )
To : clyde_m
Three sixes ..
by 44 posted onby sheik yerbouty ( Make America and the world a jihad free zone ! )
To : proud American in Canada ; Reagan Man
Reagan Man ’s entire posting history is a litany of substanceless flame baiting of conservative positions .
by 45 posted onby TigersEye ( This is the age of the death of reason . )
To : loungitude
“ The man without a past . ”
He definitely has a past , but no one seems to bother what that past may be .
How can this country vote for a POTUS who is a total enigma ?
This country is standing on the railroad tracks observing a train coming at full speed at it .
by 46 posted onby 353FMG ( The sky is not falling , yet . )
To : wannabegeek
> What is going on ???
Those that are in power are no -longer “ of the peopple ” and are willing to flaunt it .
> WHERE ARE THE GOOD PEOPLE IN THIS COUNTRY - ARE YOU OUT THERE ???
I believe it was Heinlein , in The Moon is a Harsh Mistress , who wrote : Government does not want a moral people , because a moral people are free ; instead it wants laws that are so cumbersome and complex that you cannot help but break them , for that is how a government holds power over people .
{ Or something very similar . }
by 47 posted onby OneWingedShark ( Q : Why am I here ?
A : To do Justly , to love mercy , and to walk humbly with my God . )
To : TigersEye
You ’re the one promoting off the wall notions .
I ’m just pointing out your lunacy .
by 48 posted onby Reagan Man ( " In this present crisis , government is not the solution to our problem ; government is the problem . " )
To : wannabegeek
He 's a Real Nowhere Man .......
Sitting in His Nowhere Land .... Making all His Nowhere Plans .....
For Nobody .....
by 49 posted onby BossLady ( Ok Everybody ...... Get Ready For ......' THE MOOD RING PRESIDENCY '......)
To : Reagan Man
You re the one promoting off the wall notions .
Name one .
by 50 posted onby TigersEye ( This is the age of the death of reason . )
To : TigersEye
Wrong !
I stick to the facts , not dumbass conspiracy theories .
by 51 posted onby Reagan Man ( " In this present crisis , government is not the solution to our problem ; government is the problem . " )
To : wannabegeek
The only thing that I know for sure with regard to Barack Obama is that he was born of a jackal .
To : Reagan Man
Whatever .
by 53 posted onby TigersEye ( This is the age of the death of reason . )
To : 353FMG
Those who voted for him , for the most part , were playing ‘ affirmative action ’ to promote a black guy to the presidency , reagrdless of eligibility or qualification .
And the fifth column enemedia swept the little Chicago squirrel along to get their dream Marxist into office .
Bastards
by 54 posted onby MHGinTN ( Believing they cannot be deceived , they cannot be convinced when they are deceived . )
To : silverleaf
Exactly .
Best advice I can give anyone now is prepare for survival .
To : Reagan Man
“ Sorry , bucko .
I dont accept your premise or your attempt to equate Reagan with a buncha kook ideas .
Obama won the election .
Get over it and get on with it .
Youd be better off putting your energy into advancing the conservative agenda and working to get conservatives elected in 2010 . ”
Why am I not surprised , ye who calls himself “ Reagan Man ” but is not fit to shine Reagan ’s shoes .
This is n’t about Obama winning the election .
For you to even make that statement shows that you are n’t well - informed on the issue of Obama ’s birth certificate .
Now I realize some people can’t do more than one thing at the same time and perhaps you fall into that category .
As for me , I am able to follow this issue and fight for the truth and still be able to work at advancing the conservative agenda and working towards 2010 .
If we took your advice , we ’d all be living in the future and not dealing with the important issues of today .
To : proud American in Canada
Man , what kind of Presidential library is this con artist going to have ?
Pictures of Michelle ?
To : Reagan Man
Not really .
It just seems too crazy for logical thinkers to initially get their arms and mind around .
The cases before the Supreme Court are real .
Why is there a media blackout ?
If you follow these threads , there are a lot who say , “ At first , I did n’t think there was anything to this , but ... ” or , “ I thought it was some fringe conservative conspiracy . . ”
The evidence ( or , lack of evidence ) is overwhelming .
He needs to show the damn Birth Certificate .
by 58 posted onby FreeAtlanta ( Join the Constitution Party )
To : wannabegeek
Manchurian Candidate .
To : 353FMG
Bush never tried to defend anything .
Disclaimer : Opinions posted on Free Republic are those of the individual posters and do not necessarily represent the opinion of Free Republic or its management .
All materials posted herein are protected by copyright law and the exemption for fair use of copyrighted works .
FreeRepublic , LLC , PO BOX 9771 , FRESNO , CA 93794
FreeRepublic.com is powered by software copyright 2000 - 2008 John Robinson
Advertisement
Professional video stabilizers are prohibitively expensive .
You wo n't get $ 10,000 worth of stabilization out of a $ 14 DIY model , but you will get radically smoother video for a tiny fraction of the price .
How does the DIY model provide smooth video ?
Instead of the complex arrangement of balancing mechanisms , resistance bands , and springs , the DIY stabilizer relies on a simpler system .
Your arms and a counter weight at the bottom of the stabilizer work together to minimize the movement .
Camera shake is radically reduced when the weight of the camera is offset by a equal or slightly heavier weight at the bottom .
Sound about right for your needs ?
You 'll need some pipe , a disc weight , some hand tools and a power drill to put this one together .
Advertisement
For photos and a step by step build guide , check out the PDF below .
If you need to stabilize video in a car , check out how to make a dashboard stabilizer out of a sponge .
DIY Car Dash Camera Mount
Ever wished you had some high - speed chase footage after you finished tearing down the freeway after Read more
$ 14 Video Stabilizer [ Make ]
In Murphy , 35 , Democratic leadership in the House has an aggressive two - term lawmaker who in 2006 was the first Iraq war veteran elected to Congress .
A former prosecutor and West Point professor , Murphy was a captain in the Army ’s 82nd Airborne Division .
He said he anticipates a drawn - out battle to rally enough support to bring the bill to the floor .
The legislation , first introduced in 2005 , has never made it out of committee .
" This is going to take months and months , but change is going to happen , " Murphy said .
This morning , Murphy sent out an email to his supporters with more details :
In less than an hour , we will officially announce that I am taking over as the chief sponsor for The Military Readiness Enhancement Act -- the bill that will finally repeal the policy known as " Do n’t Ask , Do n’t Tell . "
I have been speaking out against for many years against " Do n’t Ask , Do n’t Tell " -- first as an ROTC cadet , then as a professor at West Point , and later as a candidate and a congressman .
To now take the lead on such an important piece of legislation is an honor and a privilege beyond words .
This is going to be a busy day full of meetings and interviews .
We ’ll even be launching a new website dedicated to this issue : LetThemServe.com .
But before it all got started I wanted to thank you for giving me the opportunity to stand up and fight for the values we all believe in .
I could n’t do this without you , and I ’ll never forget that .
So , to sum up , here ’s where we stand on this issue :
69 percent of Americans support a repeal of the DADT law .
The Commander - in - Chief has " asked the secretary of defense and the joint chiefs of staff to develop a plan for how to thoroughly implement a repeal . "
The Secretary of Defense stated last week that he ’s looking " to see if there 's at least a more humane way to apply the law until the law gets changed . "
And now , an Iraq vet has taken the lead on repealing the law in the House .
We ’re not there yet ( and I know many are skeptical of Gates ’ and Mullen ’s choice of the word " change " over " repeal " ) , but the momentum is close to critical mass at this point .
Given that the troops have been harmed by this law , it 's good to see a soldier leading the way on the repeal .
UPDATE : H/T to Adam B in the comments for reminding me about this clip of Congressman Murphy during a hearing on DADT last year :
Also available at VetVoice
During World War II , the U.S. military was racially segregated .
The bravery and valor of certain African - American soldiers and squadrons helped change this , however .
Hulton Archive / Getty Images
It 's difficult to find the silver lining in crisis situations , especially ones as massive and tragic as World War II and the Holocaust .
But in the context of civil rights , these tragedies were just the shot in the arm that the United States needed to call attention to an important issue .
In the 1930s , the Nazi party rose to power in Germany and began to enforce racist policies on the basis of their philosophy of racial hygiene .
Through forced sterilization and attempted genocide , the Nazis wanted to cleanse the nation of what they considered lesser races in an effort to strengthen and generally promote the " improvement " of humankind .
While the world watched in horror to see where racism could lead , Americans were encouraged to take a closer look at the racial discrimination inside their own borders .
Advertisement
Advertisement
By 1941 , when the United States was increasing production for the war abroad , the insatiable demand for workers helped to dissolve the lines of segregation that kept African - Americans and whites separate .
Under pressure from African - American civil rights leaders , President Franklin D. Roosevelt issued Executive Order 8802 , which banned discrimination in industries with federal contracts .
As a result , many African - Americans suffering under the oppressive Jim Crow laws in the South moved where the jobs were -- Northern and Western cities such as Detroit , Los Angeles and Seattle .
While discrimination was still present in these areas , it was less severe .
African - American groups gained a sense of empowerment through exercising new freedoms and privileges not common in the South [ source : Packard ] .
In December 1941 , the United States was pulled into the war after the Japanese attacked Pearl Harbor .
During this battle , the valor of one African - American took the spotlight .
Doris Miller was a cook aboard the USS West Virginia when he disobeyed an order to abandon ship .
Instead , he manned a 50 - caliber anti-aircraft machine gun and , despite not having any training in the weapon , started firing and successfully shot down a few Japanese planes .
African - Americans fought in every branch of the military during World War II .
But throughout the war , the U.S. armed forces remained segregated .
It took a groundbreaking executive order after the war to change that .
Historians credit figures like Miller for calling people 's attention to the injustice of the military segregation policies .
In particular , one prominent African - American unit is known for its contribution to the war : the Tuskegee Airmen .
VATICAN CITY–Prime Minister Stephen Harper praised Pope Benedict XVI as a moral and humanitarian leader after a private audience at the Vatican today .
The meeting , which took place in the papal library , lasted about 20 minutes .
" It was an honour to meet Pope Benedict and hear his perspective on a number of important issues , including human rights and an ethical response to the global economic crisis , " said Harper in a written release following the meeting .
" I expressed my deep appreciation for the Holy Father 's moral and humanitarian leadership as an advocate of human dignity , peace and religious liberty , and for the spiritual leadership he provides to Catholics in Canada and throughout the world . "
The statement of recognition of the pope 's stature as a leader is likely to be welcomed by Catholic Canadians , said Deborah Gyapong , a reporter for the Canadian Catholic News who covered the event .
" That is going to be very significant to Canadian Catholics because it shows the regard and stature of the Holy Father even for evangelicals , like Prime Minister Stephen Harper . "
" There 's probably no other Christian leader with the theological and intellectual heft and gravitas , " she added .
Harper is an evangelical Protestant , who is a member of the Christian Missionary Alliance Church .
Gyapong said there was much interest in the meeting that coincided with the release on the eve of the G8 of a major papal encyclical on " Charity in Truth . "
That document , the third encyclical of Benedict 's papacy discussed the need for a strong ethical basis for the market economy and discussed the environment and food security .
The pontiff is the head of the world 's more than one billion Catholics .
Harper 's release said Catholic Canadians number more than 14 million , although the number has generally been pegged lower than that , at about 13 million .
Gyapong said Catholic Canadians have traditionally voted Liberal , although they tend to hold a range of views on issues like same - sex marriage and abortion . ,
She suggested Harper sought an audience with the Pope more out of interest in canvassing the views of a global leader , not because there may be any political advantage .
Harper and the pontiff exchanged gifts .
The Canadian prime minister presented the pope with a 24 - inch gold coloured glass vase with gold filigree around the rim by glass blower Andrew Kuntz , a teacher at Sheridan College .
The pope gave him a white leather box containing a glass fountain pen , made by the Vatican Museum .
It reproduces one of the four columns of the main altar of St. Peter 's Basilica .
It was the same gift offered to U.S. President Barack Obama , Japanese Prime Minister Taro Aso , South Korean President Lee Myung - bak and Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd .
Harper 's wife Laureen and his children Ben and Rachel joined the prime minister and the pontiff after the private audience .
Harper introduced other members of the Canadian delegation , including Industry Minister Tony Clement , Conservative Sen. Consiglio Di Nino , two MPs Paul Calandra and Dean Del Mastro , Harper 's chief of staff Guy Giorno , and press secretary Dimitri Soudas .
After the departure of the Harpers , the Pope greeted the Canadian pool reporters and photographers who had covered the event .
The prime minister then met with Vatican Secretary of State Tarcisio Cardinal Bertone .
Soudas told reporters by email they discussed human rights and religious freedoms , and a range of international issues from Africa , to the G8 summit that just ended in L'Aquila , and climate change – a focus of the G8 in the past week .
At St. Peter 's Basilica , the Harpers viewed the tomb of John Paul II , the ancient tomb of St. Peter , Michelangelo 's Pieta , and sculptures by Bernini and other great artists .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Harper 's audience with the Pope had been preceeded by an awkward controversy that tailed him to Italy this past week over whether he had failed to consume a communion host that he was offered during the funeral of former governor general Romeo Leblanc .
Harper angrily responded on Friday that the story was " absurd " and " unsubstantiated . "
" As a Christian , I have never refused communion when offered to me .
That 's actually pretty important to me . "
Read more about :
Greer has disgraced his title and the party through his gross abuse and misuse of the party 's treasury for personal lavish expenses , his transformation of the once - respected organization into nothing more than a Charlie Crist fan club , and equating Florida 's first Cuban - American speaker of the House to a " fringe " candidate by pushing for the exemption of a rule that prevents it from endorsing one candidate over the other in a primary .
Jim Greer has become an embarrassment and a liability for Florida Republican elected officials , candidates , and the party organization .
His actions have earned the party negative press and have endangered its fundraising ability .
Party leaders should remove him immediately and be clear that the Florida Republican Party is not a Chicago - style party boss machine bent on promoting one politician 's career , but rather an organization that represents all Florida Republicans and key fundamental principles that are not up for compromise or negotiation .
The bloom is off the rose -- at least among Pasco County Republicans .
The west Florida county 's executive committee met last night and unanimously passed a formal resolution rebuking the state GOP chair , Jim Greer , for dragging the state party into the U.S. Senate race on Crist 's side , when a far more right - wing Republican extremist , Marco Rubio , is also in the race .
The Pasco County grassroots , much to the embarrassment of Congresswoman Ginny Brown - Waite then held a straw poll which Rubio won-- by a landslide .
He got 73 votes and the closet queen governor only had 9 supporters .
Polls are n't showing it but Rubio has all the momentum in the GOP primary contest .
He 's captured the imagination of the Republican grassroots , who would rather lose with an extremist maniac than win with a wimpy moderate .
Similar resolutions against Greer have already passed in Brevard , Hillsboro , Okaloosa and Palm Beach and the only thing that kept the resolution from passing in Broward County was the sudden cancellation of the meeting .
A Recall Jim Greer Facebook page is already active .
Led by county chairman Randy Maggard the party members blasted Greer , saying he " contravened and ignored the principles and ideals of the Republican Party " and " such actions have in fact been in furtherance to support one Republican candidate over another .
" And that 's Meek 'schance to get into the Senate .
Labels : Charlie Crist , Florida , Jim Greer , Rubio , Senate 2010
Fine print :
Bar heights represent percentage of members who , in July 2008 , paid total NearlyFreeSpeech .NET
hosting charges less than or equal to the value of the pictured coin .
" Pocket lint " bar represents members whose total hosting costs in July 2008 were under $ 0.01 .
Coin images were obtained from an excellent member site , www.flipacoin.net, and used with permission .
Lint shown is actually dryer lint but was placed in a genuine pocket prior to photographing for the sake of accuracy .
It is not currently possible to purchase our services with pocket lint or any other type of lint .
Multibillion - dollar carriers are still at risk from thousand - dollar weapons .
The Navy 's newest defense : clever hydrodynamic bullets , traveling through the water are super speed .
Mines are the forgotten threat of naval warfare – simple low - tech floating bombs that destroyed and damaged more ships in the 20th century than gunfire , torpedoes and air attack combined .
A tethered mine is invisible from the surface , a few fathoms down where it will hole a ship below the waterline .
These mines are exported by twenty nations ( including China ) and can be dropped from a simple fishing boat to wait for their target .
Some view them as the maritime version of IEDs , an asymmetric threat to the big navies .
The most modern warships are vulnerable – during Operation Desert storm the USS Princeton and * USS Tripoli * were damaged by mines within a few hours of each other .
( Mines go way back , too .
When Farragut issued his famous order " Damn the torpedoes , full speed ahead ! " during the Civil War , the " torpedoes " were tethered mines . )
Tackling mines is a time - consuming business .
Minesweepers can cut the tethering cable ; the mine floats free - and is easy to spot on the surface and destroy with gunfire .
But this is a dangerous game .
Otherwise , mines can be destroyed in situ , either by divers or by a Mine Neutralization System ( MNS ) , which uses a remote - controlled robot to place destructive charges .
The Navy only has 28 of the systems to cover the world , and the process of destroying a single mine can take hours .
In the latest Popular Mechanics , I take a look at a faster alternative being developed by Northrop Grumman : the Rapid Airborne Mine Clearance System ( RAMICS ) .
Mounted on a helicopter , it combines a sensor to see through water with a 30 mm cannon , which can take out a mine with a single shot .
The difference is in the ammunition .
When a RAMICS round strikes the water , the pressure wave from blunt tip produces a bubble which surrounds the projectile .
This reduces friction so , unlike other projectiles , the bullet keeps its velocity underwater .
This " supercavitating " technology has been used before .
The Russians were the first to develop supercavitating weapons , notably the VA - 111 Shkval .
This is an underwater rocket with a maximum speed of two hundred knots – four times the speed of a conventional torpedo German company Diehl announced their own demonstrator , the Barracuda , in 2004 and Iranian work on a supposedly supercavitating torpedo was leaked in 2006 .
These superfast torpedoes are a new type of challenge .
The initial version of the Shkval was unguided and realtively easy to evade .
But later versions ( and the Barracuda ) can home in on the target .
Even defenses still under development , like the Navy 's Common Very Light Weight torpedo may have trouble against such a fast opponent .
However , the success of RAMICS in tests suggests another alternative .
If you can have a Phalanx gatling gun on the deck of a ship to defend against missiles , why not have something similar to destroy incoming torpedoes ?
RAMICS shows that it 's possible to detect a torpedo underwater using a laser - based sensor , and a 30 mm supercavitating round which can destroy a mine can certainly destroy a smaller , think - skinned torpedo .
The main question would be accuracy – but RAMICS has proved more accurate than expected in tests , and only needs one shot .
In fact , this is exactly the approach taken by Darpa 's Very High Speed Torpedo Defense project .
Testing of the sensor , targeting mechanism and projectiles are being carried out this year in a variety of sea states .
( Elsewhere , it 's been suggested that an underwater gun pod , firing supercavitating rounds may be used rather than one above the water ) .
So a supercavitating projectile is not only the answer to one of the oldest threats to warships , it may be the answer to one of the newest threats , too .
ALSO :
A man wearing an Iraqi army uniform has shot dead two US soldiers and injured three others in a military base south of the northern city of Mosul .
The US army said the man was also killed in the incident but gave little information about the attack .
But Iraqi military reports said he was a soldier also working as an Imam at a mosque on the base .
No motive was given for the attack but Mosul is seen as the last remaining urban stronghold of al - Qaeda in Iraq .
The US army said it had received reports of " small arms fire " in Hamam al - Alil , 20 km ( 13 miles ) south of Mosul .
" According to initial reports , an individual dressed in an Iraqi army uniform fired on the coalition forces and was killed in the incident , " US military spokesman Major Derrick Cheng was quoted as saying by Reuters .
The mayor of the town , Saad Ali al - Jubouri , said US helicopters were hovering in the area and roads to the base had been sealed off .
The security situation has been improving in some parts of Iraq , but Mosul remains one of the country 's most troubled areas with a strong Sunni insurgency .
Similar incidents involving attackers in uniform have happened in the past .
The US described an attack in February - in which an Iraqi policeman shot and killed a US soldier and an Iraqi translator - as " an anomaly " .
The BBC's Natalya Antelava in Baghdad says the latest killings will add to concerns about militant infiltration in the security forces .
Anyone who defends the pharmaceutical industry has to be ready to hear , over and over and over , about how much it spends on sales and marketing versus R&D. ;
This is thought to be a telling point about where the priorities really are .
I ’ve addressed this one several times , and my best response is to point out that sales and marketing are actually supposed to bring in more money than you spend on them , and do so more reliably than R&D ; in the short term .
There ’s now a very useful paper in Nature Reviews Drug Discovery looking at just this issue .
The authors ( from three universities in the US and Israel ) are looking into the general question of which is the better use of money : put it into R&D ; for the long term , or promote existing products for the short term ?
I should make clear at the outset that those two options do line up in that way .
R&D ; expenditures take years to pay off , if ever , given the amount of time that drug development takes .
And marketing of a current product had better start paying off in a shorter time frame , because every patented drug is a wasting asset , constantly being eaten into by competition and by its time to patent expiration .
So which makes more financial sense ?
The authors numbers from the Wharton databases on publicly traded drug companies , looking at those with more than $ 50 million in sales .
Using the company stock prices as a measure of value ( J. Finance LVI ( 6 ) , 2431 –2456 ( 2001 ) , I ’m giving you references here ) , they found , in general , that R&D ; investments have a net positive effect , while increased promotion has a negative effect .
( See also Rev. Account Stud. 7 , 355–382 ( 2002 ) , another journal I do n’t reference much ) .
Both effects are larger for smaller companies , as you might expect , but they held up across the industry .
The effect also holds up if you factor out the compensation packages of the top five executives of each company ( which is a nice control to run , I have to say ) .
And yes , since you ask , there is a negative effect on stock price that correlates to higher executive compensation , and I ’m willing to bet that this effect holds for more than just the drug industry .
Since we ’re talking about stock prices , which are generally forward - looking , the way to interpret these results is probably that investors expect R&D ; expenditures to pay off in the long term , but actually expect sales and marketing expenditures to reduce long - term value .
If that ’s so , then why spend money on marketing ?
The reason the authors propose is just what I ’d been talking about : short - term reliability .
Drug discovery and development is inherently risky , and promotion of existing products is ( at least comparatively ) more of a sure thing .
Companies engage in a mix of the two to try to even the cash flow out .
( And as the authors note , if executive compensation is tied more to short - term performance , then there ’s an incentive to go with the short - term gains ) .
In general , though , you ’d figure that companies should invest more in R&D . ;
And here ’s the real kicker : that ’s exactly what ’s been happening .
As this graph from the paper shows , over the last thirty years expenditures in the Sales , General , and Administrative area have risen only slightly as a per cent of sales .
The Cost of Goods Sold category ( materials , physical plant , manufacturing facilities , etc. ) has gone proportionally down , with an interesting excursion in the mid-1990s .
( Note also that this used to be the leading category ) .
And R&D ; expenditures ( again , as a per cent of sales ) rose in the 1980s , were flat in the 1990s , and have risen since then .
Overall , since 1975 , the proportion of money spent on R&D ; has more than tripled , from 5 % to 17 % .
This , I hardly need point out , does not fit the narrative of some of the e-mails and comments I get .
Some perceptions of the drug industry have us , Back In the Old Days , as spending our money on R&D ; , only to slimily slide into becoming pure marketing businesses as time has passed , with our recent years being especially disgusting and rapacious .
According to these figures , this is at the very least not accurate , and comes close to being the opposite of the truth .
Comments are welcome – most welcome , indeed .
Advertisements
Yesterday former President Bill Clinton advised President Obama to stand strong when it comes to a including a single payer option in the healthcare reform bill .
Clinton urged Obama not to sell the store , just to get 60 votes to get a healthcare reform bill passed .
Here is the audio of President Clinton from Think Progress :
Advertisements
Former President Clinton gave his analysis of how the Senate vote on healthcare might play out , “ I think we ’re going to get past the filibuster , and I think they ’ll be tough enough to go to 51 votes .
But they would prefer , for his long - term relationships with Congress , it would be better if we could get the 60 votes .
So what I think they ’ll do is go for the 60 , but if it seems that people are just dug in taking positions that do n’t make any sense , then I think they ’ll go back to plan B .
That would be my preference , because he ’s got to think about what it ’s going to be like next year , and the year after , and the year after , and all of that . ”
Clinton urged Obama to get a good bill , even if it means that he has to use reconciliation , and not get to 60 votes in the Senate , “ No , no .
I think he will win .
If he ca n’t get a good bill , I would n’t give away the store on that .
If he ca n’t get a bill that ’s genuine universal coverage , that genuinely is going to cut costs and make health insurers give up some of these unbelievable administrative burdens that they ’ve put on people , and that really gets to the guts of the delivery system and does more primary preventive care and actually measures things that work , then I would go for the 51 .
But I would spend a little time trying to get to 60 . ”
If there is anyone out there who knows what not to do when trying to tackle healthcare reform it is Bill Clinton , who is offering some wise advice here .
Obama should hold out for the best bill possible , because if he gets this wrong , it might be decades before anyone takes another crack at healthcare reform .
Obama has the reconciliation process in his pocket .
It would look better politically to have 60 votes , but it is n’t necessary .
I think the public option is most necessary to cover the uninsured .
It might be an overreach to create a public option that will be used to compete with the private market .
It is this point that is causing divide among Senate Democrats .
The Democrats should n’t lose focus of the overall goal , which is affordable healthcare for all .
In my mind , the danger is that they get themselves bogged down in bickering over the details .
The most important thing here is that a bill gets passed that works , and helps people .
This is what Bill Clinton was trying to focus attention on .
Nintendo Entertainment System NES Rarity Guide
Jump to ... Homepage 3DO Games APF Imagination Machine Atari 2600 Games Atari 5200 Games Atari 7800 Games Atari Jaguar Games Atari Jaguar CD Games Atari Lynx Games Bally Astrocade Games Babylon 5 CCG Battlestar Galactica CCG Books : Hardcover Books : Paperback Buffy CCG Card and Board Games Coleco Telstar Arcade Games ColecoVision Games Commodore 64 Games Dreamblade Miniatures Emerson Arcadia 2001 Games Entex Adventure Vision Games Fairchild Channel F Games Game Boy Games Game Boy Advance Games Game Boy Color Games GCE Vectrex Games GI Joe TCG Guitars : Acoustic Guitars : Bass Guitars : Electric HeroClix HorrorClix Intellivision Games James Bond CCG Mage Knight Magic : The Gathering ( MTG ) Magic Online ( MTGO ) Microvision Games N - Gage Games Neopets TCG Nintendo 64 Games Nintendo DS Games Nintendo Gamecube Games Nintendo Game & Watch Nintendo NES Games Nintendo SNES Games Nintendo Virtual Boy Games Nintendo Wii Games Nuon Games One Piece CCG Pokemon Cards PS1 Games PS2 Games PS3 Games PSP Games Sega 32X Games Sega CD Games Sega Dreamcast Games Sega Game Gear Games Sega Genesis Games Sega Master System Games Sega Pico Games Sega Saturn Games Spycraft CCG Star Trek Star Wars Terminator CCG Tiger game.com Games TurboGrafx 16 Games Video Game Consoles Video Game Handhelds Watara Supervision Games
Wheel of Time CCG World of Warcraft Miniatures World of Warcraft TCG Xbox ( Original ) Games Xbox 360 Games Yu - Gi-Oh !
Quick Search Records per page : 10 20 50 80 100 Title Company Year Rarity NIB CIB L Ebay 10 Yard Fight Nintendo 1985 600.00 20.00 5.00 1942 Capcom 1986 100.00 20.00 9.00 1943 : The Battle of Midway Capcom 1988 130.00 42.00 13.00 3 - D World Runner Acclaim 1987 80.00 31.00 5.00 6 in 1 Caltron 1992 1900.00 770.00 280.00 720 Mindscape 1989 68.00 17.00 6.00 8 Eyes Taxan 1990 65.00 25.00 6.00 Abadox Milton Bradley 1990 30.00 16.00 5.00 Action 52 Active Enterprises 1991 510.00 270.00 100.00 Addams Family Ocean 1992 47.00 21.00 7.00 Addams Family : Pugsley 's Scavenger Hunt Ocean 1993 60.00 28.00 13.00 Advanced Dungeons & Dragons : Heroes of the Lance FCI 1991 185.00 21.00 9.00 Advanced Dungeons & Dragons : Hillsfar FCI 1993 290.00 89.00 40.00 Adventure Island Hudson 1988 70.00 31.00 9.00 Adventure Island 2 Hudson 1991 131.00 45.00 15.00 Adventure Island 3 Hudson 1992 159.00 65.00 27.00 Adventures of Bayou Billy Konami 1989 35.00 15.00 5.00 Adventures of Dino Riki Hudson 1989 84.00 13.00 4.00 Adventures of Lolo HAL 1989 85.00 34.00 7.00 Adventures of Lolo 2 HAL 1990 118.00 47.00 18.00
Values listed are for NTSC versions ( where applicable ) unless otherwise stated .
" Nintendo " is a trademark of Nintendo of America , Inc .
This site is in no way endorsed by , supported by , or affiliated with Nintendo of America , Inc. and is not intended to infringe on any trademarks held by Nintendo of America , Inc .
NEW YORK , June 17 ( UPI ) -- A New York jury has acquitted a 24 - year - old man accused of heckling Laura and Jenna Bush and assailing a wheelchair - bound teenager and her family .
The New York Post reported Wednesday a Manhattan Criminal Court jury acquitted Gary Talis Tuesday on assault charges stemming from an April 2008 incident in which Talis allegedly attacked a family following a New York appearance by the wife and daughter of then - U.S. President George W. Bush .
The Bushes were in New York to talk about their children 's book , " Read All About It . "
Advertisement
Authorities had accused Talis of shouting obscenities at the Bushes before attacking John Lovetro 's family at the event .
Lovetro testified against Talis during his trial , as did Lovetro 's daughter and wife Wendy .
The Post said several New York police officers and one Secret Service agent also offered testimony against Talis .
At the time of the incident , the Post reported Talis allegedly started punching Maureen Lovetro , who has cerebral palsy , on the shoulder blades after John Lovetro told him to shut up .
When the father pushed her wheelchair away , Talis allegedly reached past him to strike her on the thigh .
The two men then allegedly fought as the Bushes drove off .
( h/t Heather )
On Reliable Sources this morning , Howard Kurtz brings on Huffington Post 's Nico Pitney to deal with two naysayers eager to scream " collusion ! " over Nico 's question to President Obama this week regarding the Iranian election : WaPo 's Dana Milbank and TownHall 's Amanda Carpenter .
The fact that hyper - partisan Carpenter is even asked her opinion shows how little interest Kurtz had in an honest dialog .
Seriously , Amanda , the video shows Nico in the back of the room behind other reporters -- your complaining about Nico being " pushed to the front of the room " is discredited just like all your other " facts " -- who you gonna believe ?
Amanda or your lyin ' eyes ?
But it 's Dana Milbank who really gets his bitchy little knickers in a twist .
He starts the segment incredibly defensive .
It 's hard to tell whether Dana is just miffed that he did n't get called on or that some upstart blogger who does n't get the same Beltway cocktail party invitations asked a better question than he ever has .
This whole media - created " scandal " is ridiculously inane and smacks of a willful short memory which would be comical if it was n't supplanting much more important discussions .
Um , Howie , Dana , Amanda .... does the name " Jeff Gannon " ring a bell ?
Jamison Foser :
Here 's the thing : Nobody is actually claiming that Obama knew what question Pitney was going to ask .
The allegations of " coordination " and " staging " are premised on the idea that the Obama folks knew what topic Pitney would ask about - Iran .
Well , it is n't all that unusual for a president to have a pretty good idea what topic a reporter is going to ask about .
If you call on a reporter from Stars & Stripes or Army Times , you 'll probably get a question relating to the military .
Call on a Washington Post reporter , and you 'll likely get a question about steroids in baseball or haircuts .
Call on a New York Times reporter , and there 's a pretty good chance he 'll ask what enchants you about the White House .
Call on a Huffington Post reporter , and they 'll probably ask something a little more substantive .[..]
I 'm pretty sure Dana Milbank knew what topic he was going to be asked about when he appeared on CNN's Reliable Sources opposite Pitney today .
Ohmygod !
Dana Milbank and Howard Kurtz coordinated !
It was staged !
Oh , the stoopid hypocrisy .
It hurts , does n't it , Dana ?
Just to put this into perspective , think about this .
Nico Pitney has spent the last two weeks tirelessly developing sources from inside Iran , aggregating every relevant story available on the internet through every available form of the new communication technology and synthesizing one of the most most difficult and important foreign policy stories of the decade .
Dana Milbank has spent the same period bitching about the " low press " getting to ask questions at a press conference and filming snotty little gossip items for his little insider video embarrassment called " Mouthpiece Theatre . "
And the newspapers wonder why they 're dying .
Let me remind all of you that WaPo decided to sack Froomkin , but kept Milbank .
So goes the state of " journalism " at the Washington Post .
By the way , when I emailed Nico to congratulate him on a serious smackdown of the Very .
Serious .
Villager . , he shared with me Milbank 's comment to him as Kurtz was introducing the next segment : " You 're such a dick . "
You stay classy , Dana .
Nevin sez , " To drum up interest in my forthcoming book " Looking for Calvin and Hobbes : The Unconventional Story of Bill Watterson and his Revolutionary Comic Strip , " I am offering interested readers a sample chapter from the book , which comes out on October 1 via Continuum Press .
If interested readers send an email to lookingforcalvinandhobbes@gmail.com they can request their very own free copy .
Here 's a brief overview of the book :
For ten years , between 1985 and 1995 , Calvin and Hobbes was one the world 's most beloved comic strips .
And then , on the last day of 1995 , the strip ended .
Its mercurial and reclusive creator , Bill Watterson , not only finished the strip but withdrew entirely from public life .
There is no merchandising associated with Calvin and Hobbes : no movie franchise ; no plush toys ; no coffee mugs ; no t- shirts ( except a handful of illegal ones ) .
There is only the strip itself , and the books in which it has been compiled – including The Complete Calvin and Hobbes : the heaviest book ever to hit the New York Times bestseller list .
In Looking for Calvin and Hobbes : The Unconventional Story of Bill Watterson and His Revolutionary Comic Strip , writer Nevin Martell traces the life and career of the extraordinary , influential , and intensely private man behind Calvin and Hobbes .
With input from a wide range of artists and writers ( including Dave Barry , Harvey Pekar , Jonathan Lethem , and Brad Bird ) as well as some of Watterson 's closest friends and professional colleagues , this is as close as we 're ever likely to get to one of America 's most ingenious and intriguing figures – and a fascinating detective story , at the same time .
Your readers may also be interested to know that I interviewed almost 50 cartoonists for the project , including Berke Breathed ( Bloom County / Opus / Outland ) , Jim Davis ( Garfield ) , Lynn Johnston ( For Better or For Worse ) , Nicholas Gurewitch ( The Perry Bible Fellowship ) , Keith Knight ( The Knight Life / K Chronicles ) , Bill Amend ( Foxtrot ) , Mort Walker ( Beetle Bailey ) , Stephan Pastis ( Pearls Before Swine ) , Michael Jantze ( The Norm ) , Mark Parisi ( Off The Mark ) , Hilary Price ( Rhymes With Orange ) , Dave Coverly ( Speed Bump ) , Jan Eliot ( Stone Soup ) , Jeff Smith ( Bone ) , Brad Anderson ( Marmaduke ) , Jef Mallett ( Frazz ) , Mike Peters ( Mother Goose & Grimm ) , Steve Troop ( Mayberry Melonpool ) , Craig Thompson ( Blankets ) , Pulitzer Prize winning editorial cartoonist Patrick Oliphant , Jim Borgman ( Zits ) , Mark Tatulli ( Lio ) and Jim Meddick ( Monty ) .
ANALYSIS / OPINION :
During 2008 , the first full year of the recession , the Federal Reserve system expanded its balance sheet by $ 1.33 trillion , or 145 percent .
The Fed also took on hundreds of billions of mortgage - linked assets with high - default risks , often in exchange for its own low - risk , short - term U.S. Treasury assets .
Because the scale and complexity of these activities raise serious concerns , outside observers should scrutinize the Fed ’s every move .
But the Fed ’s distinctive in - house accounting standards make it difficult for outsiders — including Congress — to evaluate the Fed ’s monetary and lending operations and how they might increase the risk to taxpayers .
The Fed ’s activities need to be more transparent .
This could be accomplished at least in part by requiring the Fed to use the same Generally Accepted Accounting Principles ( GAAP ) used by commercial banks and other private companies .
The lack of GAAP conformity has hardly mattered in the past because the Fed ’s annual balance sheet and income statements did n’t entail serious transparency issues .
All that changed in mid-2007 , when the Fed rapidly expanded its assets via some major changes in the credit risk and liquidity profiles of its balance sheet .
Outside observers now have to read between the lines to estimate the real costs and benefits of the Fed ’s recession - fighting programs .
Consider two examples .
One involves the Federal Reserve ’s ratio of liabilities to reserves .
The second involves the low quality of the newly added — typically mortgage - linked — assets .
The Fed ’s use of leverage increased dramatically during 2008 , from 24:1 to 53:1 .
This left the Fed with about the same tiny capital ratio as Fannie Mae , Freddie Mac and Bear Stearns just before they failed .
The Fed , however , cannot fail , because its obligations are backed by the full - faith - and - credit of the federal government — in short , by the power to tax .
If the Fed were a commercial bank , its deeply diminished capital — below 2 percent of assets — would subject it to prompt corrective action , including seizure by federal bank supervisory authorities .
In 2008 , the Fed would have had to add more than $ 54 billion to its capital accounts to maintain the same approximately 4 percent capital - to - assets ratio as at year - end 2007 .
It added only $ 2.6 billion .
An important difference between GAAP and the Fed ’s accounting system is the absence of reserves for loan losses stemming specifically from the Fed ’s large and growing pool of high - risk assets .
The average amount of year - end reserves for loan losses of all banks insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. in 2008 was 1.2 percent of assets .
A comparable measure at the Fed would have caused an expense provision of $ 26.9 billion .
Instead , a comprehensive loss of only $ 4.7 billion was recognized and charged against current income , despite the Fed ’s much riskier array of assets .
While not strictly a matter of accounting standards , a further reason for concern about the Fed ’s lack of transparency is the problem of how and whether the Fed will manage to neutralize the excess reserves that have recently piled up in commercial banks .
During 2008 , the $ 1.3 trillion expansion of the Fed ’s balance sheet was accompanied by a $ 901 billion addition to the Fed ’s monetary base .
As a result , the reserve accounts of depository institutions rose from $ 21 billion to $ 860 billion , while currency in circulation rose by only $ 62 billion , leaving excess reserves of about $ 800 billion more than necessary to meet legal reserve requirements .
When the economy recovers , the demand for bank loans also will recover .
At that point the excess reserves could fuel an explosion of bank lending with accompanying inflationary pressures .
The Fed should stop using its arcane , non-GAAP accounting protocols .
In the current financial environment , the Fed ’s internal accounting practices hide as much as they reveal , and could result in politically expedient misstatements of the true financial costs and benefits of the Fed ’s recession - driven interventions in risky financial markets .
Congress should consider asking the following three questions while overseeing the Fed ’s activities :
Why not subject the Fed to normal , GAAP - compliant accounting standards ?
Why is the Fed certain that it easily and readily could shrink its balance sheet the next time that inflation rears its head ?
Last and not least , why should the Fed not be required to prepare and give Congress and the public financially transparent quarterly GAAP - compliant reports of its financial operations ?
William F. Ford is a visiting research fellow and Walker Todd is a research fellow at the American Institute for Economic Research , Great Barrington , Mass . ( www.aier.org ) , a 76 - year - old research and education institute .
Sign up for Daily Opinion Newsletter Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
While total energy consumption fell in 2008 , compared to 2007 , renewable energy use grew , while fossil fuel use fell , according to data released by the Lawrence Livermore National Labratory earlier in the week .
Solar , nuclear , biomass and wind all grew , while coal and petroleum fell .
Natural gas rose slightly and geothermal was flat .
In the press release , an energy systems analyst who created the chart said , “ This is a good snapshot of what 's going on in the country . "
With the economy hitting the skids last year , combined with a real push by investors in wind and solar , this shift is n't surprising .
What happens from here is less certain .
The government is creating a bevy of incentives for increase alternative energy use , but it 's still unclear if they 'll gain widespread acceptance when the economy kicks into gear .
Click on the image for a larger version of the shifting energy picture .
" Do n't even get me started on Terrotron . "
" Yeah ? "
" Yeah .
Every time that guy comes to the city we wind up having to rebuild half of downtown . "
" Bummer . "
So , have I fully applied myself to my life ?
That 's a good question I hope to answer someday .
In the mean time , I 'll keep trying to apply myself even more .
The name for the blog also refers to partial application of functions , which is a cool part of functional programming .
And lastly , the name is homage to my friend Michael Kimmit 's blog ( sadly no longer running ) which was called " A Partially Examined Life " .
Tom Tancredo Staffer Pleads Guilty to Karate - Chopping Black Woman
Created : June 01 , 2009 10:49 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
For years , conservative writer and activist Marcus Epstein has worked with the mainstream of the immigration restrictionist movement .
He wrote speeches for former Rep. Tom Tancredo ( R - Colo . ) during his presidential bid , and he ’s still working as the executive director of Tancredo ’s Team America PAC , alongside Bay Buchanan .
Epstein has been targeted for years by civil rights groups like the Southern Poverty Law Center and the One People ’s Project , who have obtained Epstein ’s guilty plea to a hate crime he committed two years ago .
From the U.S. Attorney ’s factual proffer :
On July 7 , 2007 , at approximately 7:15 p.m. at Jefferson and M Street , Northwest , in Washington , D.C. , defendant was walking down the street making offensive remarks when he encountered the complainant , Ms. [ REDACTED ] , who is African - American .
The defendant uttered , “ Nigger , ” as he delivered a karate chop to Ms. [ REDACTED ] ‘s head .
Epstein has pled guilty and will be sentenced on July 8 , although he changed his plea to water down an admission of guilt into the belief that “ the government could prove me guilty . ”
A spokesman for Team America PAC confirmed that Epstein is still at work until he leaves for law school in the fall , and an official statement is forthcoming .
Tancredo has taken a large public role in criticizing Supreme Court nominee Sonia Sotomayor , telling MSNBC that the judge “ appears to be a racist . ”
–
TWI is on Twitter .
Please follow us here .
Here ’s one of those breaking stories that ’s stunning at first–until you think about it , whereupon it feels like it was always inevitable .
Google announced tonight that it ’s working on an operating system for PCs , turning a hypothetical scenario that ’s been around for years into reality .
Almost by definition , it ’s the most direct attack possible on the Microsoft hegemony , since it puts Google into competition with Windows itself .
Google is n’t revealing much in the way of specifics , other than that the OS is an open - source project based on its Chrome browser with a Linux kernel , and that it ’s working with multiple hardware manufacturers to bring it to x86 - and ARM - based netbooks in the second half of next year .
It says the goal is to build an OS that boots in seconds and runs Web apps really well .
Like many big Google announcements ( such as the unleashing of Chrome itself last September ) this one prompts more questions than it answers .
Such as the first eleven that popped into my head …
1 . Why would Google do this ?
The blog post says it ’s to make computer users happy and productive :
We hear a lot from our users and their message is clear — computers need to get better .
People want to get to their email instantly , without wasting time waiting for their computers to boot and browsers to start up .
They want their computers to always run as fast as when they first bought them .
They want their data to be accessible to them wherever they are and not have to worry about losing their computer or forgetting to back up files .
Even more importantly , they do n’t want to spend hours configuring their computers to work with every new piece of hardware , or have to worry about constant software updates .
And any time our users have a better computing experience , Google benefits as well by having happier users who are more likely to spend time on the Internet .
Very noble .
But ithe digs at Microsoft are unmistakable .
I think it ’s in Google ’s blood to go after markets that Microsoft dominates , introducing alternatives that are simpler , Webbier , and free .
Hence Gmail , Google Docs , and Chrome–and now Chrome OS .
For a company that ’s Microsoft ’s greatest rival , Google is currently profoundly dependent on Microsoft , since the vast majority of people who use Google services and software do so via a Microsoft operating system .
By developing its own operating system , Google gets a shot at having a direct relationship with consumers in a way that only Microsoft and Apple do today .
2. Why Chrome , Not Android ?
There ’s been scuttlebutt about netbooks running Android , but Chrome OS is an extension of the company ’s browser , not its mobile OS .
Google addresses this in the blog post :
Android was designed from the beginning to work across a variety of devices from phones to set - top boxes to netbooks .
Google Chrome OS is being created for people who spend most of their time on the web , and is being designed to power computers ranging from small netbooks to full - size desktop systems .
While there are areas where Google Chrome OS and Android overlap , we believe choice will drive innovation for the benefit of everyone , including Google .
Sounds reasonable .
But by building an OS based on a browser , Google is , essentially , making the browser an autonomous environment that renders OSes like Windows and Android superfluous .
That ’s a way more powerful idea than putting a phone OS on a little notebook computer .
3 . Why would a PC manufacturer want it ?
I ca n’t imagine that any major one looks at Chrome OS as an opportunity to dump Windows –these Chrome netbooks will almost certainly be released as complements to Windows machines , not replacements .
Still , I can think of lots of reasons why a computer company might like the idea of an OS from Google , especially for low - cost computers .
The low cost of netbooks is making it tough for Microsoft to realize the profit margin it ’s accustomed to getting , which is causing hassles for PC makers and consumers .
Google is n’t saying how much it plans to charge for Chrome OS , but if Android is any indication it may simply give it away , giving PC builders a chance to sell netbooks that are both cheaper and more profitable than Windows models .
And Chrome OS will run on ARM chips as well as x86 ones , giving manufacturers the opportunity to bypass Intel and AMD if they feel like it .
4. Just how Web - based can ( and should ) an OS be ?
Google says that “ most of the user experience takes place on the web , ” talks about data being available anywhere and safe from loss , and says that software updates are a pain .
All of that would seem to suggest that the portion of Chrome OS that lives on the netbook will be as minimal as possible .
It ’s a fascinating idea , and a continuation of a trend that ’s already in progress .
But just how useful will a Chrome OS netbook be when you ca n’t get online ?
Even if it supports Google Gears and therefore has some ability to run offline - capable Web apps such as Gmail , it ’s not clear how a computer with a largely Web - based interface can be completely useful when you ’re on a twelve - hour overseas flight on a plane with no Wi-Fi .
I ’m guessing that Google expects that by the time Chrome OS netbooks ship , there will be both more good offline apps and fewer places where there ’s no connectivity .
5 . What ’s the deal with hardware ?
Chrome OS is based on a Linux kernel , which will help with support for printers and other devices .
But there ’s plenty of stuff which consumers want which has no official Linux support .
Like iPods and iPhones , for instance .
Will Google make them work ?
Are the manufacturers of those products going to be excited enough about Chrome OS to write drivers ?
6 . What ’s the deal with software ?
Chrome OS will run Web apps .
So do Windows and OS X–but they run scads of traditional software , too .
Chrome OS is based on Linux–does that mean it ’ll run Linux apps ?
Or would that be cheating ?
7 . What ’s the UI going to be like ?
I know a lot of Windows , OS X , and Linux users who do n’t want to admit this , but all modern operating systems have interfaces that are more alike than different .
The differences are largely in the elegance of the implementation .
Will Chrome have a Taskbar / Dock equivalent ?
How about folders ?
Are there going to be any startling fresh ideas , in the way that the Chrome browser dispensed with much of the clutter of other browsers ?
8 . What are the security implications ?
The Chrome browser is n’t an impenetrable fortress , but you gotta thank that Google has a shot at writing an OS that ’s less likely to be rife with holes than Windows ( or , for that matter , OS X ) .
I ’m not sure if the fact that the company does n’t bring up security as an issue in the blog post means anything .
( Actually , the blog post does brag about Chrome OS ’s security –I just missed it .
But I ’m still curious just how safe it ’ll be in the real world . )
9 . Will consumers buy a Google netbook ?
At first , it seemed like other versions of Linux had a shot at being popular netbook OSes , but it did n’t pan out and even Ubuntu has not yet solved the “ Would I recommend this to my grandma ? ” problem .
For all its downsides , Windows is the world ’s most familiar operating system , with the largest library of apps and broadest hardware support .
Google ’s blog post sets the bar high in terms of ambition for what it ’s trying to bring to consumers .
It ’ll have to deliver in spades to make Chrome OS netbooks truly appealing alternatives to Windows systems in the real world .
10 . Just how serious is Google about this ?
Google Apps is nifty , but does n’t seem to have put a noticeable dent in Microsoft Office ’s market share .
The Chrome browser is impressive , but the company has n’t even managed to get it onto OS X yet .
When Google products are new , it ’s often hard to tell whether the company sees them as core to its future or as quirky experiments .
We do n’t yet know enough about Chrome OS to know whether it ’s the next Gmail–or the next Knol .
11 . How will Microsoft react ?
Even if Chrome OS turns out to be one of the most massive hits that the tech world has ever seen , it ’s not going to crush Windows anytime soon .
I ’m assuming that Microsoft is intrigued but not alarmed by tonight ’s news , and that it ’s been expecting something along these lines .
We do n’t know much about its Midori project , but it ’s supposedly a post - Windows , Web - based OS–and might form the basis for Microsoft ’s answer to Chrome OS .
Assuming it needs one .
Okay , I ’m out of questions for now .
Sounds like we have at least a year to ask more of ’em .
I ’d love to hear your initial reaction to all this …
Read more :
Try Before You Buy !
You are advised to play the trial version before placing an order !
If that does n't work for you ,
neither will the full game ...
The You Testament
The greatest story ever told becomes the greatest story ever EXPERIENCED !
The You Testament takes you back to the time of Christ and allows you to witness his impact on society firsthand .
Be the feet that follow him around ancient Palestine , the voice that tempts him in the wilderness , and the ears that hear his guidance .
Then be the hand that betrays him , the mouth that denies him , and the eyes that see his death and resurrection .
By the time the story has been told , it will be the most personal account ever documented - the Gospel according to YOU !
Featuring a unique interpretation of events and scriptural references for further reading , the teachings of Christ have never been more relevant and accessible .
Neither pious nor blasphemous , The You Testament is a thought - provoking challenge of what you thought you knew and an uplifting reminder of what will always be true ...
Requires a PC compatible with DirectX graphics .
1.6gHz processor recommended .
Vista users may experience difficulties on " limited accounts " and are advised to run the program as an " administrator " ...
Boxed Version $ 16.99
Click to order the official boxed CD version of the game .
It comes in a fully decorated jewel case , complete with a pull - out instructions summary and exclusive bonus material - including source code extracts , graphical templates , and demos of many previous games .
Since space is n't an issue , the disc is also able to offer high quality versions of the game media !
The product ships from the USA , so please anticipate shipping costs and delays for international orders .
Also note that this is the game in its purest form and is therefore the easiest to update ...
The boxed game is also available from CafePress
Downloadable Version ( 18 mb )
Click to download a special trial version of the full game .
You can load it up 3 times , free of charge , after which you must register at full price to continue .
Orders are processed in US Dollars ( $ 16.99 ) , but international currencies are welcome and should be translated automatically .
However , please note that these online versions are n't as easily updated as the pure boxed game ...
Alternative Download Location ( Download.com )
Alternative Download Location ( TryMedia )
Boxed Game v 1.1 Update ( 1.1 mb )
Click to download a patch that brings the boxed game up to v1.1 .
In addition to tidying up a handful of small issues , it also addresses a major glitch that caused the game to crash upon discovering the empty tomb .
Simply use this new executable to load up the game and it need n't be an issue ...
High Resolution Costumes ( 3 mb )
Get the game looking its best with these high resolution versions of the costume textures .
Simply use WinZip to extract the contents to your game 's folder and you should notice the difference .
Be warned though - they 're excluded by default because they greatly increase loading times and damage performance on slower computers !
You may want to consider backing up the low resolution originals in case your gaming experience is negatively affected ...
High Resolution Scenery ( 3 mb )
Get the game looking its best with these high resolution versions of the scenery textures .
Simply use WinZip to extract the contents to your game 's folder and you should notice the difference .
Be warned though - they 're excluded by default because they may damage performance on slower computers !
You may want to consider backing up the low resolution originals in case your gaming experience is negatively affected ...
Copyright © MDickie 2000 - 2009
Voting on strict party lines , the Senate Health , Education , Labor and Pensions Committee approved a bill on Wednesday to revamp the nation ’s health care system , as Democrats said that the legislation held the promise of more universal health coverage and more effective and affordable medical care while Republicans argued that the measure was unaffordable and would lead not to better care but to the denial of it .
The committee vote was 13 to 10 .
The acting committee chairman , Senator Christopher J. Dodd , Democrat of Connecticut , had made clear from the start that his panel would bend little when it came to the top priorities of Senate Democrats and the Obama administration , including on a provision to create a government - run health insurance plan to compete with private insurers that Republicans insisted was a deal - breaker .
In the end however , Republicans held their ranks .
In his closing statement , Senator Michael B. Enzi of Wyoming said that Republicans had been forced to offer more than 100 amendments to the bill because Democrats had largely shut them out of the drafting process .
And he said that the $ 1 trillion , 10 - year cost of the measure would simply drive the nation further into debt , while denying many Americans the choices for health care providers that they now enjoy .
Mr. Enzi , with a hint of sarcasm , noted that the bill ’s title was the “ Affordable Health Choices Act . ”
“ With its trillion - dollar price tag , ” Mr. Enzi said , “ this bill is anything but affordable . ”
Committee Chairman Edward M. Kennedy , Democrat of Massachusetts , thanked Mr. Dodd and other committee members in a quickly issued statement that commended the bill ’s passage and urged for bipartisanship going forward .
“ It is a cause that can and should unite us all as Americans , ” he said in a statement issued from Hyannis Port , Mass . , where he is battling brain cancer .
“ As we move from our committee room to the Senate floor , we must continue the search for solutions that unite us , so that the great promise of quality affordable health care for all can be fulfilled . ”
Both Republicans and Democrats acknowledged that the health committee bill was just part of what will eventually be a single Senate measure once the Finance Committee completes work on its version of the legislation .
The Finance Committee chairman , Senator Max Baucus , Democrat of Montana , has been making the one real effort to develop a bipartisan bill , and though negotiations with Republicans seem to have stumbled in recent days , committee members say they remain optimistic of a deal .
After a meeting of Finance Committee Democrats on Wednesday morning , the senators emerged to say that , despite pressure from the White House , they would not be bound by deadlines , including the president ’s insistence that bills be completed before the summer break .
Senator Charles E. Schumer of New York , the No. 3 Democrat in the majority leadership , said the efforts to broker a bipartisan deal with Republicans remained on track and Democrats had no intention at this point of pushing health care legislation on their own .
At a news conference after the health committee vote , Mr. Enzi , who is also a member of the Finance Committee , said he remained “ hopeful ” of a deal in the Finance Committee but that he was worried about how the health and finance committee bills would be joined .
Senator Kent Conrad , Democrat of North Dakota , said that negotiators continued to discuss some of the most controversial issues including a compromise on the government - run insurance plan that would instead use nonprofit health cooperatives to provide the desire competition with for - profit insurers .
Mr. Conrad said negotiators had made some progress on the contentious question of how to pay for the bill , but had no choice but to continue a time - consuming “ iterative ” process , waiting for various proposals to be evaluated by the Congressional Budget Office for cost estimates .
In addition to widespread Republican resistance to the government insurance plan , Democrats are also contending with apprehension within their own ranks .
Centrist lawmakers including Ben Nelson of Nebraska , Mark Pryor and Blanche Lincoln of Arkansas , Mary Landrieu of Lousiana and Joseph I. Lieberman , the Connecticut Independent , have all expressed reservations about the idea .
To avoid the hard - nosed budgetary tactic known as reconciliation –in which Democrats could pass a health measure with a simple majority vote–the Democrats would need 60 Senate votes to advance the health care bill .
To get that , they must either ensure unanimity in their own party or win over Republicans to make up any gap .
And so far , even the most centrist Republicans , Olympia J. Snowe and Susan Collins of Maine , have shown no inclination to break with their Republican colleagues on the health care measure .
The health committee bill , like the House version of the health care legislation unveiled on Tuesday , requires Americans to obtain health insurance and would provide subsidies to the poor to help them to do so .
And it similarly requires most employers to provide health coverage to their employees or to pay a fee to the government instead .
It would establish stringent federal rules for health insurance , now regulated mainly by the states .
Insurers could not deny coverage to people because of their medical history or health status , nor could they charge higher premiums because of a person ’s claims experience or sex .
Additionally , insurers could not establish lifetime or annual limits on the dollar value of benefits for any person .
And they could not charge more than minimal co-payments for preventive services .
The bill , again like the one introduced by House Democrats , would establish a new government insurance plan , which would compete with private insurers .
The secretary of health and human services would set premiums to cover costs of the new public plan , and she would pay for services at rates to be negotiated with doctors , hospitals and other health care providers .
People could compare insurance polices and buy coverage through new entities known as insurance exchanges , or gateways , in each state .
The government would offer financial assistance , on a sliding scale , to people with incomes up to four times the poverty level ( $ 88,200 for a family of four ) to help them afford the premiums .
Robert Pear contributed reporting .
An employee of a bank smokes a cigarette at his workplace in Pontevedra , northern Spain December 15 , 2005 .
REUTERS / Miguel Vidal
ISTANBUL ( Reuters ) - A restaurant owner in southwest Turkey was shot dead after he tried to prevent his customers from smoking to comply with a new law on the use of tobacco indoors , Hurriyet daily said on Thursday .
A fight broke out after Hidir Karayigit , 46 , ordered a group of customers to extinguish their cigarettes when they began smoking at his “ meyhane , ” a traditional restaurant that serves alcohol , in the town of Saruhanli , Hurriyet said .
One of the customers shot Karayigit four times after he took away the group ’s cigarettes , said witness Hamza Havutcu , Karayigit ’s business partner who was also shot and wounded .
Turkey ’s government on July 19 introduced a nationwide ban on indoor smoking , including bars and restaurants , despite the fact that half of Turks aged between the ages of 15 and 49 smoke ; one of the highest rates in the world .
“ I ’m deeply saddened that the first smoking - ban murder occurred in our town , ” Saruhanli Mayor Veli Yalcin told Hurriyet .
“ They either should n’t have outlawed smoking or they should have outlawed alcohol along with smoking . ”
Then this is the shirt for you !
Thinkgeek is pushing this $ 23 T with the following promotional copy that ’s so geeky even we ’re not sure what most of it means …
Read the rest of this post on SUNfiltered
We are always in search of great free resources , tips , tricks , etc. for our readers .
Every day we work hard to find new resources and inspiration for designers like you .
Today , we have another great post , “ Discover the Best of the Web ” on SmashingApps .
In this , we made a list of 50 + Promising Collection Of Resources And Inspirations For Designers .
We obviously cannot cover all the best from the web , but we have tried to cover as much as possible .
You are welcome to share if you know more best of the web in the month of April which our readers / viewers may like .
Â
Do you want to be the first one to know the latest happenings at Smashing Apps.com just subscribe to our rss feed and you can follow us on twitter as well .
You may be interested in these older posts
31 Masterpieces Of Creative And Clever Advertising Concepts
23 Magical Photographs To Believe That Are Not Photoshopped
13 Premium - Like WordPress Themes That Are Free And Stunning
21 Really Stunning Photoshopped Photos For Creative Inspiration
17 Mind-Blowing Digital Painting Tutorials Of Beautiful Girls
43 Of The Extremely Creative Wonders Of Macro Photography
27 Best Places You Should Visit To Get Incredible Web Design Inspiration !
13 Simple And Elegant Free WordPress Themes
21 Extremely Vibrant And Creative Advertisements With Animals
39 Masterpieces Of Creative Advertisements
17 Digital Image Illustration Which You Probably Never Seen Before !
15 Digital Photo Manipulation From Flickr To Get Inspiration
23 Awesome Photos That Look Like Theyâ€™re Photoshopped But Are Not
Design Tips , Tricks and Tutorial
” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ”
115 + Ultimate Round - Up of 3D Studio Max Tutorials
40 + Cartoon Character Illustration Tutorials
40 Apple - themed Photoshop Tutorials
30 + Most Wanted Photo Manipulation Tutorials in Photoshop Part I
101 Examples of Text Treatments on the Web
Create a Cute Easter Bunny Vector
Create a Glossy Volt Icon in Photoshop
30 + Fresh & Useful Adobe Illustrator Tutorials & Neat Tips
33 Tutorials to Unleash the Photoshop Beast in You
Create a Bright Retro Grunge Vector Illustration
25 Photoshop Tutorials for Working with Textures
Create an Asian Inspired Illustration with Impact
How to Make a Stylish Glowing Box in Photoshop
30 Hand - picked Flash and Essential Actionscript 3.0 Tutorials
44 Must Learn Web Design Layout Tutorials in Photoshop
How to Create a Retro Vector Illustration with Stylized Lines
35 Tutorials to create amazing Vector Graphics using Inkscape
14 Tutorials for Creating Photoshop Brushes
Retro Rainbow Tutorials and Design Showcase
Artwork , Digital Photography and Inspiration
” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ”
41 Great Looking Free WordPress ThemesÂ
15 Best Places to get Inspirational Web Designs
Vector Inspiration # 15
30 Creative Illustrative Website Headers
70 + More Rainbow Colors Inspired Photos and Pictures
50 Great Wallpapers about Design
30 + Cute and Clever Anime Paper Child Art
50 Beautiful Websites with Illustrated Landscapes
15 Stunning Examples of Underwater Photography
40 Stylish , Minimal and Clean Free WordPress Themes
Beautiful And Creative Logo Designs For Your Inspiration
Hover Effects in Web Design : Best Practices and Examples
22 Radiant Red Websites
Wonderful Fantasy Landscape Artwork
Javascript and Ajax
” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ”
20 More Excellent AJAX Effects You Should Know
18 jQuery scripts and tutorials to improve your portfolio
20 Useful PHP + jQuery Components & Tuts for Everyday Project
Essential PHP Techniques for Web Designer and Developers
xHTML and CSS
” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ”
Fun With CSS Shapes
100 + Massive CSS Toolbox
30 Exceptional CSS Navigation Techniques
The Mystery Of CSS Sprites : Techniques , Tools And Tutorials
Resources
” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ”
110 Grungy Concrete Blocks
21 Free Apps For Mac OS X That Are Useful and Productive
50 + Sources To Download High - Quality Free Vector Stuff
44 Excellent Free Icon Sets Everyone Must Have
270 + High - Res Rough and Grungey Photoshop Brushes
20 Free Original Hi-Res Ink Stained Paper Textures
Miscellaneous Articles
” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ” ”
50 Totally Free Lessons in Graphic Design Theory
Beginnerâ€™s Guide to E- Commerce Solution
100 + Massive WordPress Tutorial Collection
6 Tips to Help You Get the Most Out of Google Docs
7 More Useful Tips To Help Your Site Convert
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
The US army says it has launched a major offensive against the Taliban in south Afghanistan 's Helmand province .
The US military says about 4,000 marines as well as 650 Afghan troops are involved , supported by Nato planes .
Brig Gen Larry Nicholson said the operation was different from previous ones because of the " massive size of the force " and its speed .
A Taliban spokesman said they would resist in various ways and that there would be no permanent US victory .
Qari Yosuf Ahmadi added that " a large number " of Taliban were in the area .
" I cannot accept the fact that 4,000 US troops have taken part in this operation , " he said , quoted by the Afghan AIP news agency .
" I consider it a part of a psychological war , but if 4,000 US troops really are taking part in the operation , they will not have any permanent victory . "
Map : Helmand river valley region
It is the first such large - scale operation since US President Barack Obama authorised the deployment of 17,000 extra US troops to Afghanistan , as part of a new strategy for winning the conflict .
Many of them are being redeployed from operations in Iraq , to help with training Afghan security forces and to tackle the insurgency .
Meanwhile the US military reported that a soldier had been captured by insurgents in eastern Afghanistan on Tuesday .
He was not part of the current operation .
Lack of capacity
The offensive is the marines ' first major operation since their recent deployment to Afghanistan .
Caroline Wyatt
BBC defence correspondent
The US marines say the operation will be decisive and is intended to seize almost the entire lower Helmand River valley , which remains the heartland of the Taliban insurgency in Helmand and a major area for the production of opium , which helps fund the insurgency .
US commanders hope this offensive will help turn the tide in the current stalemate against the Taliban .
The aim of this major operation is to " clear , hold and build " in areas under Taliban influence ahead of Afghan presidential elections this August .
The hope is also that if US and other Nato forces are seen as clearly winning the military battle against the insurgents , middle and lower - ranking Taliban leaders and fighters are more likely to defect back to the Afghan government 's side , with US and UK sources in Kabul convinced that the US troop surge is already unsettling the Taliban leadership .
Operation targets Taliban heartland
The operation - codenamed Khanjar or Strike of the Sword - began when units moved into the Helmand river valley in the early hours of Thursday .
Helicopters and heavy transport vehicles carried out the advance , with Nato planes providing air cover .
The BBC's Martin Patience in Kabul says the idea is that they will move into towns and villages which are under Taliban control .
With the fresh US deployments , military commanders say they are confident that they will make " significant " gains this summer , even if , as our correspondent says , a decisive victory is unlikely .
UK - led forces in Helmand launched their own operation to combat the Taliban insurgency last week , in what the Ministry of Defence described as one of the largest air operations in modern times .
Thousands of British forces under Nato command have been fighting the Taliban in Helmand since 2006 , but there has been criticism that they have been overstretched and under - resourced .
Two British soldiers were killed in an explosion in southern Afghanistan on Wednesday , the UK Ministry of Defence reported .
Security aim Southern Afghanistan is considered a Taliban stronghold .
" Where we go we will stay , and where we stay , we will hold , build and work toward transition of all security responsibilities to Afghan forces , " said Brig Gen Nicholson in a statement .
At a briefing at the US military 's Camp Leatherneck last week , he told personnel and embedded reporters : " One of the most critical things is to tell people why we 're there , and we are going to have a limited opportunity to gain their trust . "
The security forces will build bases to provide security for the local people so that they can carry out every activity with this favourable background , and take their lives forward in peace
Gulab Mangal
Helmand Governor
Q&A : Isaf troops in Afghanistan
The operation aims to improve security ahead of presidential elections on 20 August , allowing voter registration where before there was none , Gen Nicholson said .
A US military spokesman , Captain William Pelletier , told the BBC there had been " no enemy contact " in the first hours of the operation , but one marine was slightly injured when an improvised explosive device detonated in the village of Nawa .
Nawa and nearby Garmsir - near the provincial capital Lashkar Gah - are key targets in the operation , as the area is considered a refuge for militants and no US or Nato troops have previously operated there in large numbers .
Capt Pelletier said the US military was prepared for casualties , but stressed that " it is absolutely essential that no civilians be harmed " .
Helmand Governor Gulab Mangal predicted the operation would be " very effective " .
" The security forces will build bases to provide security for the local people so that they can carry out every activity with this favourable background , and take their lives forward in peace . "
The Pakistan army , which is fighting its own battles with the Taliban , said it would redeploy some of its soldiers to the Chaman area bordering Helmand .
But spokesman Maj Gen Athar Abbas told the BBC that no additional troops were being sent to the region .
" Basically , it 's a rearrangement of troops already present there , " he said .
" It 's in anticipation of movement from the other side .
The area of the rearrangement is the one around Chaman in Baluchistan . "
The BBC's Shoaib Syed Hasan in Islamabad says the rugged terrain makes the border almost impossible to police , and though Pakistan regularly deploys troops along the border to catch militants they are rarely successful .
As of June 2009 , Nato 's International Security Assistance Force had 61,130 personnel from 42 countries including the US , Canada , European countries , Australia , Jordan and New Zealand .
The US is the largest contributor , providing 28,850 soldiers .
OPERATION 'KHANJAR '
About 4,000 US and 650 Afghan troops deployed to Helmand river valley Initial operations focused on villages of Nawa and Garmsir near the provincial capital Lashkar Gah British operation recently recaptured the village of Babaji from the Taliban to the north of the region
Return to the top
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The Ruby VM market is thriving , and we increasingly find ourselves spending the morning in JRuby and the afternoon in Ruby Enterprise Edition .
Or Thursday using Leopard Ruby and Friday using Ruby 1.9 .
Or … well , you get the idea .
So we needed a lightweight tool that eliminates the cost ( in both time and frustration ) of switching between Ruby versions .
We wanted something drop - dead simple .
Meet the Ruby Switcher .
Hello , Ruby Switcher
The Ruby Switcher debuted earlier this year as a means for toggling between a handful of pre-installed Ruby versions .
And once you bit the bullet and manually installed those VMs , and assuming you installed them in the " right " location , the Ruby Switcher offered crazy - fast switching between those few Ruby versions .
But we 're passionate about continuous improvement and maintaining a sharp set of tools , so we recognized that switching Ruby versions was Step 2 ; Step 1 ( i.e. , installing those Ruby versions in the first place ) needed a healthy dose of automation as well .
Today 's Ruby Switcher makes both steps insanely simple , and it adds support for more ( and newer ) Ruby versions as well .
Pick a Ruby , Any Ruby
Enough talk !
Let 's download the Ruby Switcher and get this party started .
cd curl - O -L http://github.com/relevance/etc/raw/26ae85c2f6c7d2640a3c75d619ad7ab8fc1cc570/bash/ruby_switcher.sh echo " source ~/ruby_switcher.sh " >> . bash_profile source .bash_profile
That 's it .
Let 's quickly verify that you have your platform 's core developer tools installed , and then you 'll be ready to put the Ruby Switcher to work .
Prerequisites - Compilers , Libraries , and Whatnot
If you 're on OS X , you 'll need to download and install Xcode .
( If you just want to switch between Leopard Ruby and JRuby , you can skip this step .
If you want to use any other versions of Ruby , you 'll need Xcode . )
If you 're using Ubuntu , use apt - get to grab a few essential packages :
sudo apt - get update sudo apt - get install build - essential zlib1g - dev libreadline5 - dev libssl - dev
For other * nix variants … well , clearly you enjoy figuring this stuff out .
Ruby 1.9
Yehuda Katz recently asked the Ruby community what we need in order adopt Ruby 1.9 .
Having an easy way to experiment with Ruby 1.9 is surely a good place to start .
What could be easier than a single command ?
install_ruby_191
The installation will take a few minutes .
In the meantime , why not check out Bruce Williams ' slides on Ruby 1.9 from last year 's Lone Star Ruby Conference — Ruby 1.9 : What 's New and Why it Matters ?
... checking build system type ... i686 - pc - linux - gnu checking host system type ... i686 - pc - linux - gnu checking target system type ... i686 - pc - linux - gnu checking for gcc ... gcc ... installing rdoc Using ruby 1.9.1p129 ( 2009-05 - 12 revision 23412 ) [ i686 - linux ]
Successfully installed rake - 0.8.7 1 gem installed
By the time you 're done reading through the Ruby 1.9 highlights , you 'll be ready to take it for a spin .
Type ruby - v to verify that you 're rockin ' with 1.9.1 .
ruby 1.9.1p129 ( 2009-05 - 12 revision 23412 ) [ i686- linux ]
JRuby
Installing and using JRuby is just as easy .
First , be sure that you have the JDK installed .
If you 're using OS X , you 're all set .
If you 're on Ubuntu , you can install it with apt - get .
( For other Linux distros , you can ask your native package manager for the JDK bits . )
sudo apt - get update sudo apt - get install sun-java6 - jre sun-java6 - jdk
With the JDK in place , installing JRuby is a cinch .
install_jruby
Verify the results with ruby -v .
jruby 1.3.1 ( ruby 1.8.6p287 ) ( 2009-06-15 2fd6c3d ) ( Java HotSpot ( TM ) Client VM 1.6.0_10 ) [ i386 - java ]
Wait a minute : should n't we have typed jruby -v instead of ruby -v ?
Sure you can do that if you really want to .
But we 're not big on having to remember to type jirb instead of irb , or jgem instead of just gem , etc .
Once we tell the shell to use JRuby , we want the normal Ruby commands to just work .
The Ruby Switcher ensures that they do .
Ruby .*
Looking for yet another Ruby version ?
See what else the Ruby Switcher has to offer :
install_ree_186
install_ruby_186
install_ruby_187
install_jruby_120
And if you find yourself wanting some other Ruby variant , be sure to check out the Ruby Switcher 's internals ; you can likely adapt one of the existing installation functions to meet your exact need .
Willy - nilly Switching
Once you have the desired Ruby versions installed , switching between them could n't be easier .
Each of the install commands comes with a corresponding use command to instruct your shell to switch to the specified Ruby version :
Install It Use It install_ruby_191 use_ruby_191 install_ruby_186 use_ruby_186 install_ruby_187 use_ruby_187 install_jruby use_jruby install_jruby_120 use_jruby_120 install_ree_186 use_ree_186 N/A [ 1 ] use_leopard_ruby
And these commands are shell - specific !
So while one terminal window is using Ruby 1.8.7 to run your front - end Rails app , you can have another terminal using JRuby to run your back - end messaging code .
Ruby 1.9 , the Community , and You
Want to see whether your app runs on Ruby 1.9 ?
Flip your shell to use_ruby_191 and try it out .
It 's that kind of experimentation that will allow the Ruby community to make the migration to Ruby 1.9 .
See a problem with a certain gem on Ruby 1.9 ?
Let the gem author know about it and chime in at isitruby 19.com .
Better yet , write a test that proves the bug and pass that test along to the author .
Better still , fix the issue and submit a patch .
Any one of these steps moves us forward , and all the while you 've still got your default Ruby installation standing safely by for your day job .
When switching between Ruby versions is this seamless , there 's no reason not to experiment .
Notes
[ 1 ] Ruby is installed by default on OS X Leopard , so there 's no need for an install_leopard_ruby command .
Image courtesy of bdu ( flickr.com / bdu ) .
[ Creative Commons License ]
Pooping and scooping was becoming a problem for Christine MacLean .
The uncut grass at her local park was so long that dog owners were beginning to have trouble picking up after their pets .
Kids could n't run through the field .
Picnics were an impossibility .
Usually a vibrant neighbourhood gathering place , Merrill Bridge Road Park near Woodbine and Danforth Aves .
sat empty as city work crews sat on picket lines .
So MacLean called her neighbours and organized a grass - cutting evening earlier this week .
Eight lawn mowers tackled the grass , which had grown to nearly knee height .
Suddenly , the park was alive again .
The dog - walkers returned within minutes .
" The city belongs to everybody , not just the striking workers .
It belongs to the taxpayers , " said MacLean , a resident of the Beach .
" We have to stop relying on the city to provide everything .
The community has to take some kind of ownership and that 's what we 're doing . "
These are just a few of the many residents who have grabbed mowers and headed to their local parks to cut grass in green spaces that have become increasingly unkempt in the absence of the city workers .
But the striking Canadian Union of Public Employees Local 416 is warning citizens who take maintenance into their own hands .
" You could use the word `scab , ' " said local president Mark Ferguson .
" Whenever we see people performing bargaining unit work during a labour disruption , it 's certainly not helpful .
Those actions only lead to prolonging the disruption . "
Ferguson said if residents are unhappy with the state of their parks , they should urge their councillors to direct city staff to end the strike .
The grass on the field at Leaside High School near Bayview and Eglinton Aves. was getting so long that players in the Leaside - East Toronto Soccer Club were having trouble running .
So John Morgan , convenor of the club , has cut the grass twice in the last week .
" It 's very difficult for young children aged 4 to 7 to enjoy something that they 've got to wade through , " said Morgan , whose club 's house league includes 1,800 players .
" For older people , they do n't enjoy it because it's not the same free - flowing game when the grass is n't cut . "
Barb Di Nardo , an organizer of Cyberkids , a community sports group at Gwendolyn Park , borrowed a riding lawn mower two weeks ago and cut the park 's grass herself .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
On Monday , she recruited neighbourhood mothers to bring their mowers and cut the grass again .
" I am not a fan of strikes and I just wish everybody would get out and do these kinds of things .
It 's not going to infringe on us if we have to do a little extra community work . "
Have you seen my acutance ?
A few words about sharpness and MTF charts
Many of you know one of my pet peeves is strident internet arguments between photographers who are splitting hairs or misinformed .
One major cause of these arguments is terminology : people use a nonspecific term which means something different to each of them .
Others join in because the term means something slightly different to them .
Pretty soon all are convinced all the others are idiots who just do n’t understand .
Its amazing , really , what a poorly defined term can do to take an interesting discussion and turn it into a screaming match .
As Justice Stewart once said when describing pornography : “ I ca n’t define it , but I know it when I see it ” .
Unfortunately , we all see things a little differently .
When we ca n’t define a term , even though “ we know it when we see it ” , pretty soon we ’re comparing apples and oranges .
One of the terms we photographers use that way is sharp .
Seems simple enough — we all know a sharp photograph when we see it .
Everybody wants a sharp lens .
But it really means different things to different people .
Lets be very superficial first .
I have a friend who says his Canon 28 - 135 is very sharp .
I ’ve shot with several copies of that lens and never thought it was more than adequate .
But he hardly ever makes prints , he posts his photographs online .
And he shoots on a crop frame camera .
I make mostly large prints of the shots I like ( 11 X 14 and up ) and shoot on a full frame .
So there ’s the first misunderstanding .
My definition of sharp is “ What does it look like shot on a full - frame camera and printed to 11 X 14 . ”
His is “ What does it look like downsized and displayed on the web . ”
But sharp is a term that can lead to a lot more misunderstandings than just that .
Lets get a bit more scientific here .
What does “ sharp ” really mean in photography ?
This is quite a complex topic if you want to get into it : we could discuss circles of confusion , Airy patterns , even Nyquist - Shannon theory and Rayleigh criterion .
We could , but we ’d all be bored to tears .
Especially me .
( And truth be told , I ’ve read about that stuff a dozen times and I ’m still not sure I understand half of it . )
So lets go for a more practical definition .
There are two related , but slightly different things that determine ‘ What is sharp ? ”
They are Acutance and Resolution .
Once you know what those are you will understand related terms like microcontrast .
One more paragraph and you ’ll understand that ultimate photography term modulation transfer function ( MTF ) .
And with just a little more reading , you ’ll understand what those “ MTF charts ” really tell you about a lens .
What I ’m offering you here is a veritable Rosetta Stone of sharpness terminology .
After reading this little blurb , my friends , to the amazement of your supporters and chagrin of your adversaries you ( YES YOU ! ) will be able to log on to your favorite photography forum and say things like “ As you can clearly see from the MTF chart the lens has excellent acutance and microcontrast in the center but is going to exhibit softness and distortion at the edges and corners that would limit its usefulness for landscapes .
Plus it will have harsh out - of - focus highlights wide open ” .
Is that great , or what ??
Oh , yeah , I forgot .
You ’ll also be able to make better choices about which lenses you want to try without relying on someone else ’s opinion quite so much .
Acutance and Resolution
Sharpness , as we discuss it in photography , is made up of two components : Acutance and Resolution .
Acutance is about how sharply an edge transitions .
Look at the figures below .
Figure 1 - 1 has a high acutance , the transition from white background to black bar is sudden and complete ( it represents a very good lens ) .
Figure 1 - 2 has a bit less acutance and figure 1 - 3 still less ( representing a not very good lens ) .
Now here ’s the take home message about acutance : Figure 1 - 4 is just figure 1 - 2 with a moderate amount of sharpening applied in Photoshop and figure 1 - 5 is just figure 1 - 3 with a high amount of sharpening applied .
When we sharpen , either in postprocessing the image or with in - camera sharpening , we have increased the acutance , one of the two components of what we refer to as sharpness .
Figure 1
If we make the bars from figure 1 thinner and closer together eventually we will reach a point where the lens can no longer tell that they are separate black and white lines — they will just look like a gray area .
We can measure this point for a given lens ( assuming we have a good camera , so its not the camera sensor that is the limiting factor ) in ‘ lines per millimeter ’ .
( In case you ’re curious , the terms ‘ line pair ’ and ‘ line ’ are used interchangeably for this purpose . )
Resolution therefore is an actual measurement , given in lines per millimeter , of the smallest details a lens can resolve .
It , along with acutance , is what we perceive as sharpness .
Some people will refer to high resolution ( the ability of a lens to show small objects clearly ) as ‘ good microcontrast ’ .
Figure 2
One important point about resolution and postprocessing must be made .
Figure 2 is similar to the one we used to demonstrate acutance , but this time the lines are much smaller and closer together .
Notice that figure 2 - 3 , our symbolic not - so - good lens , is at the limits of its resolution : you can sort of tell the lines are there , but it really looks more like a gray box than black and white lines .
Like we did with the first set images , figures 2 - 4 and 2 - 5 are the best Photoshop sharpening I could get from figures 2 - 2 and 2 - 3 .
Unlike the acutance example above , however , postprocessing can’t restore resolution very well .
Figure 2 - 4 is better than Figure 2 - 2 but its still clearly inferior to 2 - 1 .
Figure 2 - 5 is a bit improved over 2 - 3 , but not much and there are obvious artifacts .
Unlike acutance , resolution ( AKA microcontrast ) can’t really be improved in postprocessing .
If the image does n’t have it , you ’re not going to add it later , no matter how good you are .
( BTW — resolution is very important in large prints , but not so much in online jpgs .
For those acutance is much more important . )
MTF
MTF ( modulation transfer function ) is simply a way to measure how much resolution and acutance a lens has .
The formula is simple : ( maximum - minimum / maximum + minimum ) .
To make it simpler lets say white = 1 and black =
0 .
For any line pair in Figure 1 and for Figure 2 - 1 the maximum for each pair is 1 ( the white line of the pair is completely white , at least in its center ) and the minimum is 0 ( the black line is completely black ) .
Therefore the MTF of a well resolved line pair is ( 1 - 0/1+0 ) = 1 . When I check figure 2 - 2 , however , the maximum reading in the lightest area is 0.67 and the minimum reading in the darkest area is 0.33 ( the lens can no longer completely separate black and white bars , they ’re both shades of gray ) .
The MTF therefore is ( 0.67-0.33/0.67+0.33 ) = .34 .
Figure 2 - 3 has an MTF of .08 .
So MTF gives me a number that tells me how well a lens can resolve black and white lines : 1 means it completely resolves them into pure black and pure white .
Lower than 1 means they ’re blurred enough that the white is n’t completely white and the black not completely black , but at an MTF of 0.5 for example , the dark part is twice as dark as the light part .
I could still tell them apart .
If I tested the lens with two different size lines , say one set at 10 lines / mm and another at 30 lines / mm ( remember the terms line or line pair both mean one black and one white line ) I find two different types of information .
The ability to resolve large lines clearly shows the lens has good acutance ( AKA good contrast ) .
The ability to resolve small line pairs ( 30 l / mm ) shows the lens has good resolution ( AKA good microcontrast ) .
The two MTF numbers give us an idea of how well the lens resolves large and small objects .
MTF charts
The MTF number we discussed above tells us about one point on the lens .
Lets assume the MTF test we just did was at the lens center and found the MTF for 10 lines / mm is .95 and for 30 l / mm is 0.7 .
That ’s something I can compare to other lenses measured at their center .
But as we know , lenses give their best resolution in the center — the edges and corners may not be as sharp .
If I test the lens for MTF at various distance from the center I can graph the results and get a nice chart that shows me how good the MTF is from the center all the way to the corners , at both 10 l / mm and 30 l / mm .
By convention , MTF graphs use thick and thin lines , like Figure 3 below , to represent the MTF of thicker ( 10 l / mm ) and thinner ( 30 l / mm ) lines .
( Not every manufacturer does it , but it would probably be a good idea to also test the lens at its widest aperture and its best aperture , say f/8 for most lenses .
MTF charts that do this will use one color for f/8 and another for the widest aperture the lens has .
I chose black lines for f/8 and blue for wide open for this illustration ) .
Figure 3
So what does this partial MTF chart tell us about our theoretical lens ?
It resolves thick line pairs better than thin , like every lens .
At f /8 ( black lines ) its very sharp 3 / 4s of the way out from the center .
After 15 mm , though , performance , particularly at 30 l / mm , falls off .
I ’d expect the reviewers would say “ A little soft in the corners , even stopped down ” .
The blue lines show us that wide open the lens still performs pretty well right in the center , but sharpness falls off steadily as we move away from the center .
What does this mean in the real world ?
A landscape photographer who shoots at f / 8 might tell me his copy of the lens is very sharp .
So might a portrait photographer whose subject is generally in the center of the lens even if they use it at f / 2.8 .
A wedding photographer who shoots tables of people during the reception at f /2.8 may well say the lens “ is so soft its unusable ” because the subjects at the edge of the picture are soft compared to those in the center .
And all of them would be correct .
Actual MTF charts look a bit more complicated than the sample above because they contain one important piece of data I ’ve left out so far .
Real lenses have slightly different resolution depending upon which way the line pairs are oriented .
If the line pairs are parallel to the radius of the lens ( the radius is any line from the center to the edge ) they are called sagittal lines ( sometimes referred to as radial lines to help keep it confusing ) ; if they are at right angles to the radius they are meridian lines ( sometimes referred to as tangential lines ) .
The figure below on the left probably explains it better than words .
MTF charts will usually show the sagittal MTF as solid lines and the meridial MTF as dotted lines , so we get a chart like the one below .
It looks a bit confusing at first , but actually its not .
Thick lines are MTFs at 10 llines / mm ( how good the lens ’s contrast is ) so we ’ll start there .
An MTF over 0.8 is excellent , one over 0.6 is good and below 0.4 is generally not OK .
So we can see from the thick lines in the chart that the lens has excellent contrast at f /8 almost to the corner ( black lines ) and good contrast to between halfway and three - fourths of the way to the corner at f /2.8 ( thick blue lines ) .
The thin lines ( showing the lens ’s resolving ability ) are good , but not excellent , at f /8 ( thin black lines ) and really not very good at f /2.8 ( thin blue lines ) .
So what about the difference between the dotted lines and the solid lines for each pair , the difference in resolving meridian and sagittal lines ?
If the dotted and solid lines are close together , the out - of - focus areas of the lens will be smooth and pleasing ( good ‘ bokeh ’ ) , while if they are far apart the out - of - focus areas tend to be distorted and less pleasing ( bad ‘ bokeh ’ ) .
There are some other significances that we wo n’t get into today like tendency to flare and smear , and certain types of distortion .
The bottom line , though , is if the dotted lines and solid lines are close together that ’s a good thing .
Some MTF comparisons
Its important to realize that MTF charts , while very useful , are also very limited .
An MTF chart can show you the limitations of a lens , a bad MTF chart usually means a bad lens .
On the other hand , a great MTF chart does n’t always mean a great lens for every purpose .
Lens coatings , focusing abnormalities , some forms of aberration , and a host of other things are n’t going to show up in the MTF chart .
It ’s also important to not compare apples to oranges .
In the old days lensmakers proudly displayed the MTF charts of their creations as measured in the lab .
Not many manufacturers do that today ( Zeiss and Leica are the only ones I believe ) .
The other manufacturers present their data differently and use different methods to obtain it , so it can be misleading to compare MTF data from two different manufacturers .
The MTF chart may be computer generated from a theoretical model , or may only show part of the data we discussed above .
Canon publishes very complete charts with separate wide and telephoto charts for zoom lenses , but even they seem to have ‘ lost ’ the charts for certain lenses ( the infamous 17 - 85 EF - S lens , for example , has no MTF charts to be found ) .
Nikon and Sigma present the wide aperture MTF of their lenses , but not the f /8 data .
Tamron and Tokina tend to not publish their MTF charts at all .
Even given all of these limitations , the data from MTF charts can still be quite useful .
Lets look at a couple of real world examples from Nikon .
The two charts above compare two 400 mm telephoto lenses .
On the left is the 80 - 400 VR at 400 mm .
On the right is the 400 mm f/2.8 VR .
The 400 f/2.8 VR may be the best telephoto lens made and the MTF chart shows it : from center to edge the MTF approaches theoretical perfection .
The 80 -400 is actually no slouch : the 10 lines / mm pair ( red lines ) remains above 0.8 far to the edge , although the 30 lines / mm pair separate quite a bit and the meridian line drops below 0.6 fairly early on .
From the MTF chart I ’d realize the 80-400 can get good shots , especially if I stay centered in the lens .
The separation of dotted and solid lines also tells me the out - of - focus highlights will be a bit more harsh on this lens , especially toward the edges , while the 400 f /2.8 will be very smooth .
This is indeed what we see in the real world .
The next charts compare a pair of wide angle zooms at their widest .
Wide angle zooms are more difficult to design and the MTF charts reflect it to some extent .
On the right is what is widely considered an excellent wide - angle zoom , the Nikon 17 - 35 f/2.8 IS .
Notice it keeps the MTF of the 10 lines / mm above 0.8 all the way to 15 mm from the center .
It does n’t fare nearly as well with the 30 lines / mm MTF obviously .
On the left is what is widely regarded as the finest wide angle zoom made : the Nikon 14 - 24 f/2.8 AF - S.
It clearly does a better job with the 10 lines / mm MTF all the way out to 20 mm from center , and is also markedly better at 30 lines / mm .
While we recommend not comparing MTF charts between manufacturers ( they do n’t all derive their numbers the same way ) if you look at some other good wide angle zooms like the Canon 16 - 35 f/2.8 or the Sigma 12 - 24 you ’ll find their MTF charts are much more like the Nikon 17 - 35 f/2.8 , showing just how great the 14 - 24 really is .
When you get a chance , take a look at the MTF charts of some lenses you already know and see how they compare with your experience using them .
Canon and Sigma have the MTF charts of each lens on that lenses page on their website .
Nikon USA does n’t publish MTF data online , but the main Nikon site in Japan does ( and its in English ) .
Oh , and one last thing : about my friend ’s Canon 28 - 135 , here ’s the MTF chart from Canon ’s website at both 28 mm and 135 mm .
( In this chart blue lines are at f / 8 , black are wide open . )
Notice the thick lines are really excellent out to 15 mm from the center ( which is all that matters on my friend ’s 40D ) , both at 28 and 135 mm ?
The 30 lines / mm pairs really are n’t so great , especially at the 28 mm end .
There you have it : my friend ’s online images , with their emphasis on contrast and acutance look good and that ’s his definition of sharp .
My big prints from a 5D , with an emphasis on resolution and microcontrast , do n’t look as good , and that ’s my definition of sharp .
We ’re both right .
But do n’t tell him that — he ’s busy having an argument about it in one of the forums and would n’t want any facts spoiling the debate .
Roger Cicala
Lensrentals.com
Academic Services
We work with school districts , universities and academic organizations , providing interpretation and document translations .
Legal Services
We ’ll find an interpreter with knowledge of courtroom protocol and legal procedures in 200 languages or American Sign Language .
State and County Services
We work with dozens of government agencies , Health and Human Services agencies and departments across the United States
Godly Art Of War
by David ' Hades ' Becker [ Wednesday , 15th of July 2009 - 10:07 PM ]
With talks of a movie script being finalized and a novelization of the first game in the works and slated for the same time God of War III launches , it is no surprise that Sony would be a little more loose with actual game content for this power house .
I mean , most of the current press has been revolving around the first game that came out ever so long ago .
To help battle this , on the official God of War III website , Sony has just released a new fan kit for people to use and post all over their fan pages to show how big of fan boys / girls they are .
What that means for everyone else is that there are some new screen shots and concept art for us all to look at and pine over until March of 2010 .
I counted about thirteen new pieces of art to be exact .
But for ease of use and in case you just want the images and none of the other stuff , I posted all the images listed in the Fan Kit .
This includes a nice render of Kratos and Zeus to do what your photoshopping wants require .
Now if only they would make that E3 demo available or bring some new trailers for us , I would be in Elysium .
Sound in Linux has an interesting history , and historically lacked sound mixing on hardware that was more software based than hardware .
Many sound servers were created to solve the mixing issue .
Many libraries were created to solve multiple back - end issues .
ALSA replaced OSS version 3 in the Kernel source , attempting to fix existing issues .
There was a closed source OSS update which was superb .
Linux distributions have been removing OSS support from applications in favor of ALSA .
Average sound developer prefers a simple API .
Portability is a good thing .
Users are having issues in certain scenarios .
OSS is now free and open source once again .
PulseAudio has become widespread .
Existing libraries have been improved .
New Linux Distributions have been released , and some existing ones have attempted an overhaul of their entire sound stack to improve users ' experience .
People read the last article , and have more knowledge than before , and in some cases , have become more opinionated than before .
I personally have looked much closer at the issue to provide even more relevant information .
Output using ALSA API directly to ALSA 's Kernel API ( when sound mixing is disabled )
Output using ALSA API to sound mixer , which outputs to ALSA 's Kernel API ( when sound mixing is enabled )
Output using OSS version 3 API directly to ALSA 's Kernel API
Output using a wrapper API which outputs using any of the above 3 methods
Output using OSS API right into the Kernel with sound mixing
Output using ALSA API to the OSS API with sound mixing
Output using a wrapper API to any of the above methods
OSS back - end always has good sound , except when using OpenAL - > ALSA to output to it .
ALSA generally sounds better when using the OSS API , and has lower latency ( generally because that avoids any sound mixing as per an earlier diagram ) .
OSS related technology is generally the way to go for best sound .
On selecting OSS , it should install the latest OSS package , as well as ALSA 's ALSA API ->OSS back - end interface , and set it up .
Minimally configure an installed OpenAL to use OSS back - end , and preferably SDL , libao , and other wrapper libraries as well .
Recognize the setting when installing a new application or wrapper library and configure that to use OSS as well .
Do all the above in reverse when selecting ALSA instead .
About two years ago , I wrote an article titled the " The Sorry State of Sound in Linux " , hoping to get some sound issues in Linux fixed .
Now two years later a lot has changed , and it 's time to take another look at the state of sound in Linux today .
A quick summary of the last article for those that did n't read it :
Now much has changed , namely :
Let 's take a closer look at the pros and cons of OSS and ALSA as they are , not five years ago , not last year , not last month , but as they are First off , ALSA .
ALSA consists of three components .
First part is drivers in the Kernel with an API exposed for the other two components to communicate with .
Second part is a sound developer API to allow developers to create programs which communicate with ALSA .
Third part is a sound mixing component which can be placed between the other two to allow multiple programs using the ALSA API to output sound simultaneously .
To help make sense of the above , here is a diagram : Note , the diagrams presented in this article are made by myself , a very bad artist , and I do n't plan to win any awards for them .
Also they may not be 100 % absolutely accurate down to the last detail , but accurate enough to give the average user an idea of what is going on behind the scenes .
A sound developer who wishes to output sound in their application can take any of the following routes with ALSA :
As can be seen , ALSA is quite flexible , has sound mixing which OSSv3 lacked , but still provides legacy OSS v3 support for older programs .
It also offers the option of disabling sound mixing in cases where the sound mixing reduced quality in any way , or introduced latency which the end user may not want at a particular time .
Two points should be clear , ALSA has optional sound mixing outside the Kernel , and the path ALSA 's OSS legacy API takes lacks sound mixing .
An obvious con should be seen here , ALSA which was initially designed to fix the sound mixing issue at a lower and more direct level than a sound server does n't work for " older " programs .
Obvious pros are that ALSA is free , open source , has sound mixing , can work with multiple sound cards ( all of which OSS lacked during much of version 3's lifespan ) , and included as part of the Kernel source , and tries to cater to old and new programs alike .
The less obvious cons are that ALSA is Linux only , it does n't exist on FreeBSD or Solaris , or Mac OS X or Windows .
Also , the average developer finds ALSA 's native API too hard to work with , but that is debatable .
Now let 's take a look at OSS today .
OSS is currently at version 4 , and is a completely different beast than OSS v3 was .
Where OSSv3 went closed source , OSSv4 is open sourced today , under GPL , 3 clause BSD , and CDDL .
While a decade old OSS was included in the Linux Kernel source , the new greatly improved OSS v4 is not , and thus may be a bit harder for the average user to try out .
Older OSSv3 lacked sound mixing and support for multiple sound cards , OSS v4 does not .
Most people who discuss OSS or try OSS to see how it stacks up against ALSA unfortunately are referring to , or are testing out the one that is a decade old , providing a distortion of the facts as they are today .
Here 's a diagram of OSSv4 : A sound developer wishing to output sound has the following routes on OSSv4 : Unlike in ALSA , when using OSS v4 , the end userhas sound mixing .
Also because sound mixing is running in the Kernel itself , it does n't suffer from the latency ALSA generally has .
Although OSS v4 does offer their own ALSA emulation layer , it 's pretty bad , and I have n't found a single ALSA program which is able to output via it properly .
However , this is n't an issue , since as mentioned above , ALSA 's own sound developer API can output to OSS , providing perfect compatibility with ALSA applications today .
You can read more about how to set that up in one of my recent articles ALSA 's own library is able to do this , because it 's actually structured as follows :
As you can see , it can output to either OSS or ALSA Kernel back - ends ( other back - ends too which will be discussed lower down ) .
Since both OSS and ALSA based programs can use an OSS or ALSA Kernel back - end , the differences between the two are quite subtle ( note , we 're not discussing OSS v3 here ) , and boils down to what I know from research and testing , and is not immediately obvious .
OSS always has sound mixing , ALSA does not .
OSS sound mixing is of higher quality than ALSA 's , due to OSS using more precise math in its sound mixing .
OSS has less latency compared to ASLA when mixing sound due to everything running within the Linux Kernel .
OSS offers per application volume control , ALSA does not .
ALSA can have the Operating System go into suspend mode when sound was playing and come out of it with sound still playing , OSS on the other hand needs the application to restart sound .
OSS is the only option for certain sound cards , as ALSA drivers for a particular card are either really bad or non existent .
ALSA is the only option for certain sound cards , as OSS drivers for a particular card are either really bad or non existent .
ALSA is included in Linux itself and is easy to get ahold of , OSS ( v4 ) is not .
Now the question is where does the average user fall in the above categories ?
If the user has a sound card which only works ( well ) with one or the other , then obviously they should use the one that works properly .
Of course a user may want to try both to see if one performs better than the other one .
If the user really needs to have a program output sound right until Linux goes into suspend mode , and then continues where it left off when resuming , then ALSA is ( currently ) the only option .
I personally do n't find this to be a problem , and furthermore I doubt it 's a large percentage of users that even use suspend in Linux .
Suspend in general in Linux is n't great , due to some rogue piece of hardware like a network or video card which screws it up .
If the user does n't want a hassle , ALSA also seems the obvious choice , as it's shipped directly with the Linux Kernel , so it 's much easier for the user to use a modern ALSA than it is a modern OSS .
However it should be up to the Linux Distribution to handle these situations , and to the end user , switching from one to the other should be seamless and transparent .
More on this later .
Yet we also see due to better sound mixing and latency when sound mixing is involved , that OSS is the better choice , as long as none of the above issues are present .
But the better mixing is generally only noticed at higher volume levels , or rare cases , and latency as I 'm referring to is generally only a problem if you play heavy duty games , and not a problem if you just want to listen to some music or watch a video .
But wait this is all about the back - end , what about the whole developer API issue ?
Many people like to point fingers at the various APIs ( I myself did too to some extent in my previous article ) .
But they really do n't get it .
First off , this is how your average sound wrapper API works :
The program outputs sound using a wrapper , such as OpenAL , SDL , or libao , and then sound goes to the appropriate high level or low level back - end , and the user does n't have to worry about it .
Since the back - ends can be various Operating Systems sound APIs , they allow a developer to write a program which has sound on Windows , Mac OS X , Linux , and more pretty easily .
Some like Adobe like to say how this is some kind of problem , and makes it impossible to output sound in Linux .
Nothing could be further from the truth .
Graphs like these are very misleading .
OpenAL , SDL , libao , GStreamer , NAS , Allegro , and more all exist on Windows too .
I do n't see anyone complaining there .
I can make a similar diagram for Windows : This above diagram is by no means complete , as there 's XAudio , other wrapper libs , and even some Windows only sound libraries which I 've forgotten the name of .
This by no means bothers anybody , and should not be made an issue .
In terms of usage , the libraries stack up as follows : OpenAL - Powerful , tricky to use , great for " 3D audio " .
I personally was able to get a lot done by following a couple of example and only spent an hour or two adding sound to an application .
SDL - Simplistic , uses a callback API , decent if it fits your program design .
I personally was able to add sound to an application in half an hour with SDL , although I do n't think it fits every case load.libao -
Very simplistic , incredibly easy to use , although problematic if you need your application to not do sound blocking .
I added sound to a multitude of applications using libao in a matter of minutes .
I just think it 's a bit more annoying to do if you need to give your program its own sound thread , so again depends on the case load .
I have n't played with the other sound wrappers , so I can't comment on them , but the same ideas are played out with each and every one .
Then of course there 's the actual OSS and ALSA APIs on Linux .
Now why would anyone use them when there are lovely wrappers that are more portable , customized to match any particular case load ?
In the average case , this is in fact true , and there is no reason to use OSS or ALSA 's API to output sound .
In some cases , using a wrapper API can add latency which you may not want , and you do n't need any of the advantages of using a wrapper API .
Here 's a breakdown of how OSS and ALSA 's APIs stack up .
OSSv3 - Easy to use , most developers I spoke to like it , exists on every UNIX but Mac OS X . I added sound to applications using OSS v3 in 10 minutes .
OSSv4 - Mostly backwards compatible with v3 , even easier to use , exists on every UNIX except Mac OS X and Linux when using the ALSA back - end , has sound re-sampling , and AC3 decoding out of the box .
I added sound to several applications using OSS v4 in 10 minutes each .
ALSA - Hard to use , most developers I spoke to dislike it , poorly documented , not available anywhere but Linux .
Some developers however prefer it , as they feel it gives them more flexibility than the OSS API .
I personally spent 3 hours trying to make heads or tails out of the documentation and add sound to an application .
Then I found sound only worked on the machine I was developing on , and had to spend another hour going over the docs and tweaking my code to get it working on both machines I was testing on at the time .
Finally , I released my application with the ALSA back - end , to find several people complaining about no sound , and started receiving patches from several developers .
Many of those patches fixed sound on their machine , but broke sound on one of my machines .
Here we are a year later , and my application after many hours wasted by several developers , ALSA now seems to output sound decently on all machines tested , but I sure do n't trust it .
We as developers do n't need these kinds of issues .
Of course , you 're free to disagree , and even cite examples how you figured out the documentation , added sound quickly , and have it work flawlessly everywhere by everyone who tested your application .
I must just be stupid .
Now I previously thought the OSS vs. ALSA API issue was significant to end users , in so far as what they 're locked into , but really it only matters to developers .
The main issue is though , if I want to take advantage of all the extra features that OSSv4's API has to offer ( and I do ) , I have to use the OSS back - end .
Users however do n't have to care about this one , unless they use programs which take advantage of these features , which there are few of .
However regarding wrapper APIs , I did find a few interesting results when testing them in a variety of programs .
App -> libao -> OSS API -> OSS Back - end - Good sound , low latency .
App -> libao -> OSS API -> ALSA Back - end - Good sound , minor latency .
App -> libao -> ALSA API -> OSS Back - end - Good sound , low latency .
App -> libao -> ALSA API -> ALSA Back - end - Bad sound , horrible latency .
App -> SDL -> OSS API -> OSS Back - end - Good sound , really low latency .
App -> SDL -> OSS API -> ALSA Back - end - Good sound , minor latency .
App -> SDL -> ALSA API -> OSS Back - end - Good sound , low latency .
App -> SDL -> ALSA API -> ALSA Back - end - Good sound , minor latency .
App -> OpenAL -> OSS API -> OSS Back - end - Great sound , really low latency .
App -> OpenAL -> OSS API -> ALSA Back - end - Adequate sound , bad latency .
App -> OpenAL -> ALSA API -> OSS Back - end - Bad sound , bad latency .
App -> OpenAL -> ALSA API -> ALSA Back - end - Adequate sound , bad latency .
App -> OSS API -> OSS Back - end - Great sound , really low latency .
App -> OSS API -> ALSA Back - end - Good sound , minor latency .
App -> ALSA API -> OSS Back - end - Great sound , low latency .
App -> ALSA API -> ALSA Back - end - Good sound , bad latency .
If you 're having a hard time trying to wrap your head around the above chart , here 's a summary :
But wait , where do sound servers fit in ?
Sounds servers were initially created to deal with problems caused by OSSv3 which currently are non existent , namely sound mixing .
The sound server stack today looks something like this :
As should be obvious , these sound servers today do nothing except add latency , and should be done away with .
KDE 4 has moved away from the aRts sound server , and instead uses a wrapper API known as Phonon , which can deal with a variety of back - ends ( which some in themselves can go through a particular sound server if need be ) .
However as mentioned above , ALSA 's mixing is not of the same high quality as OSS 's is , and ALSA also lacks some nice features such as per application volume control .
Now one could turn off ALSA 's low quality mixer , or have an application do it's own volume control internally via modifying the sound wave its outputting , but these choices are n't friendly towards users or developers .
Seeing this , Fedora and Ubuntu has both stepped in with a so called state of the art sound server known as PulseAudio .
If you remember this :
As you can see , ALSA 's API can also output to PulseAudio , meaning programs written using ALSA 's API can output to PulseAudio and use PulseAudio 's higher quality sound mixer seamlessly without requiring the modification of old programs .
PulseAudio is also able to send sound to another PulseAudio server on the network to output sound remotely .
PulseAudio's stack is something like this :
As you can see it looks very complex , and a 100 % accurate breakdown of PulseAudio is even more complex .
Thanks to PulseAudio being so advanced , most of the wrapper APIs can output to it , and Fedora and Ubuntu ship with all that set up for the end user , it can in some cases also receive sound written for another sound server such as ESD , without requiring ESD to run on top of it .
It also means that many programs are now going throughlayers before they reach the sound card .
Some have seen PulseAudio as the new Voodoo which is our new savior , sound written to any particular API can be output via it , and it has great mixing to boot .
Except many users who play games for example are crying that this adds aamount of latency , and is very noticeable even in not so high - end games .
Users do n't like hearing enemies explode a full 3 seconds after they saw the enemy explode on screen .
Do n't let anyone kid you , there 's no way a sound server , especially with this level of bloat and complexity ever work with anything approaching low latency acceptable for games .
Compare the insanity that is PulseAudio with this :
Which do you think looks like a better sound stack , considering that their sound mixing , per application volume control , compatibility with applications , and other features are on par ?
And yes , lets not forget the applications .
I 'm frequently told about how some application is written to use a particular API , therefore either OSS or ALSA need to be the back - end they use .
However as explained above , either API can be used on either back - end .
If setup right , you do n't have to have a lack of sound using newer version of Flash when using the OSS back - end .
So where are we today exactly ?
The biggest issues I find is that the Distributions simply are n't setup to make theeasy on the users .
Debian and derivatives provide a Linux sound base package to select whether you want OSS or ALSA to be your back - end , except it really does n't do anything .
Here 's what we do need from such a package :
Such a setup would allow users to easily switch between them if their sound card only worked with the one which was n't the distribution 's default .
It would also easily allow users to objectively test which one works better for them if they care to , and desire to use the best possible setup they can .
Users should be given this capability .
I personally believe OSS is superior , but we should leave the choice up to the user if they do n't like whichever is the system default .
Now I repeatedly hear the claim : " But , but , OSS was taken out of the Linux Kernel source , it 's never going to be merged back in !
" Let 's analyze that objectively .
Does it matter what is included in the default Linux Kernel ?
Can we not use VirtualBox instead of KVM when KVM is part of the Linux Kernel and VirtualBox is n't ?
Can we not use KDE or GNOME when neither of them are part of the Linux Kernel ?
What matters in the end is what the distributions support , not what 's built in .
Who cares what 's built in ?
The only difference is that the Kernel developers themselves wo n't maintain anything not officially part of the Kernel , but that 's the precise jobs that the various distributions fill , ensuring their Kernel modules and related packages work shortly after each new Kernel comes out .
Anyways , a few closing points .
I believe OSS is the superior solution over ALSA , although your mileage may vary .
It 'd be nice if OSS and ALSA just sharedtheir drivers , not having an issue where one has support for one sound card , but not the other .
OSS should get suspend support and anything else it lacks in comparison to ALSA even if insignificant .
Here 's a hint , why does n't Ubuntu hire the OSS author and get it more friendly in these last few cases for the end user ?
He is currently looking for a job .
Also throw some people at it to improve the existing volume controlling widgets to be friendlier with the new OSSv4 , and maybe get stuff like HAL to recognize OSS v4 out of the box .
Problems should be fixed directly , not in a roundabout matter as is done with PulseAudio , that garbage needs to go .
If users need remote sound ( and few do ) , one should just be easily able to map / dev/dsp over NFS , and output everything to OSS that way , achieving network transparency on the file level as UNIX was designed for ( everything is a file ) , instead of all these non UNIX hacks in place today in regards to sound .
The distributions really need to get their act together .
Although in recent times Draco Linux has come out which is OSS only , and Arch Linux seems to treat OSS v4 as a full fledged citizen to the end user , giving them choice , although I 'm told they 're both bad in the the ALSA compatibility department not setting it up properly for the end user , and in the case of Arch Linux , requiring the user to modify the config files of each application / library that uses sound .
OSS is portable thanks to its OS abstraction API , being more relevant to the UNIX world as a whole , unlike ALSA .
FreeBSD however uses their own take on OSS to avoid the abstraction API , but it 's still mostly compatible , and one can install the official OSS v4 on FreeBSD if they so desire .
Sound in Linux really does n't have to be that sorry after all , the distributions just have to get their act together , and stop with all the finger pointing , propaganda , and FUD that is going around , which is only relevant to ancient versions of OSS , if not downright irrelevant or untrue .
Let 's stop the madness being perpetrated by the likes of Adobe , PulseAudio propaganda machine , and whoever else out there .
Let 's be objective and use the best solutions instead of settling for mediocrity or hack upon hack .
Reddit Email 0 Shares
Mir Hosain Mousavi issued a powerful implicit denunciation of Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei on Saturday , and insisting again that the results of the presidential election be annulled in favor of wholly new elections .
ABC reports :
‘ Mr Mousavi hit back at a speech by the country ’s supreme leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , in which the Ayatollah ruled out any election fraud .
In a statement posted on his newspaper website , Mr Mousavi said his demand for the annulment of the election was an undeniable right and vowed to side with the Iranian people in defending their rights .
“ If this huge volume of cheating and changing the votes … which has hurt people ’s trust , is presented as the very evidence of the lack of cheating , then it will butcher the republican aspect of the system and the idea that Islam is incompatible with a republic will be proven , ” Mr Mousavi said .
The strong criticism headlined “ the fifth statement of Mir Hossein Mousavi to the Iranian people : do n’t allow lies and cheaters to steal the flag of defending the Islamic system from you ” was briefly pulled from the website but later reposted . ’
Some reports say that Mousavi has privately told followers that if he is arrested , they should carry out a nation - wide strike .
Mousavi has thrown down a gauntlet before the Supreme Leader and a battle has been joined .
By the rules of the Khomeinist regime , only one of them can now survive .
And perhaps neither will .
A. Richard Norton asks at IC Global Affairs whether the Iranian state really has the upper hand .
He writes , “ Dealing with civil disturbances is a labor intensive work .
The natural response is to arrest the leaders and cut their communications , but those steps do not seem to be working to this point .
People who are sufficiently inspired to join a demonstration at some risk to their lives constitute a movement not a bureaucratically organized unit .
Particularly in fast - moving street confronations where wile , personality and courage are the currency unexpected leaders quickly emerge .
As important , people learn quickly how to test , taunt and stretch the government forces .
Provided the demonstrators desist from using deadly violence , their moral legitimacy will be enhanced .
Plus , the government forces are hardly a monolith . ”
Earlier on Saturday , Mousavi and Mehdi Karroubi , the other reform candidate for president , refused to attend a planned reconciliation meeting with the Council of Guardians , Iran ’s clerical senate that has been charged to recount ten percent of the ballots .
The absence from this meeting , set up by Khamenei to smooth over the dispute , indicated that the reformers ’ confidence in Khamenei has completely collapsed .
The politics of the ayatollahs in Qom with regard to the conflict are explored by Aljazeera English :
ABC added ,
‘ Witnesses reported widespread violence as thousands of opposition supporters tried to stage another protest against last week ’s election .
Protesters chanted “ death to dictatorship ” as they walked to the rally , but many were stopped and beaten by security forces , including the dreaded Basij militia .
As many as 60 people were taken to hospital .
Police used teargas and water cannons to disperse the crowd . ‘
This observer from a distance in North Tehran , whose account appeared on an email list to which I am subscribed , did n’t give the 3,000 or more protesters high odds against the security forces :
‘ Tehran June 20th , 2009 .
6 pm. . . .
About five miles south of here [ at Inqilab Square ] pitched battles have been in progress between what appears to be a very large number of pro-reform supporters and Baseej security forces .
Over their plainclothes , the latter are wearing standard issue sleeveless flak jackets , they are carrying riot squad helmets , a variety of sticks ranging from the traditional indigenous chomaq to more modern varieties such as extendable black electroshock stun batons and riot shields .
They are , in other words , professionally equipped ( and perhaps trained ) riot police who perhaps misplaced their uniforms or have an unusual sense of style .
As the numbers of demonstrators began swelling soon after 4 pm , the security forces prevented people from traveling south to Enghelab Square .
At Amir Abad tear gas was used to disperse the crowd .
It is hard to know the details of the mini- battles going on and too early to count the causalities but it is not , sad to say , so difficult to place odds on the outcome .
There was one instance of demonstrators successfully chasing away some security forces by sheer force of numbers and will .
They raised a stirring cheer with hundreds of hands in the air .
Moments later the security forces returned ten times more in force and pressed that crowd , that happy crowd , back into , of all places , Freedom Street .
Shots were fired into the air .
Perhaps they were blanks , although a police officer had said earlier in the day that they had received orders to shoot below the waist with live ammo in cases of coming under attack .
( Immediately a joke is making the rounds to the effect that all orders from on high are “ below the waist ” ! )
But the advancing line of riot police had left their rear completely unguarded and tens of Allahu Akbar chanting demonstrators , had they been committed to violence ( which they are not ) could have attacked from the rear trapping those poor security men .
But that is not the nature of this struggle ; besides one just ca n’t trap several dozen security people without knowing what your going to do next .
And since this movement is not a military or violent one , not is it very organized , it could never develop tactics like that .
By now , 7 pm , the crowds are mostly dispersed .
I have not heard reports of any fatalities yet thank goodness .
I have not heard about other parts of the city .
All mobile phones are switched off in the area so no contact can be made .
Interestingly the authorities have become much more efficient over the last week .
At they beginning , they switched of ALL the mobile phone service , including text service , in the entire city so as to disrupt communications among the movement .
But today , they only switched it off in the troubled neighborhoods .
. . ‘
Another observer said that the Basij hard line militia had positioned itself in Sanati Sharif University in Tehran and that military helicopters were ferrying arms and equipment to them .
Security forces lined the streets and sent back up north any protesters trying to come into the city center from north Tehran .
But this person maintained that the protesters were gathering with the intention of marching into the city after dusk .
As it was , fires were burning on Tawhid Square in downtown , and one observer said that the capital was ‘ on fire . ’
Smoke could be seen billowing above Tehran .
The LAT reports
‘ By nighttime , witnesses said , the unrest stretched from the side streets along Enghelab Street all the way from Azadi ( Freedom ) Street to Vali Asr Street , a miles - long corridor that is among the city ’s most important east - west thoroughfares .
There were reports that disturbances had also broken out in other parts of the city , especially key squares in the north Tehran , but they could not be immediately confirmed . ’
The LAT adds , “ As the clock struck 10 p.m. today , parts of the city roared with chants of “ God is great ” and “ Death to the dictator , ” as a nightly ritual of protest continued . ”
Graphic video of protesting women shot down can be found here .
Warning : Very disturbing .
Brave Roger Cohen is in Tehran for the NYT , and he speaks of motorcycles set on fire sending columns of flames into the air , of teargas swirling about , of police wavering about whether they can attack fellow Iranians , and of the barricades being staffed by courageous women of all sorts .
Around 10 pm GMT some Iranian sites were reporting that tanks had entered Azadi Square .
Likewise there were eyewitness reports on my lists of an outbreak of violence between protesters and security men in various districts of the southwestern city of Shiraz .
Spooked police there have sometimes randomly attacked persons who only look as though they might be protesters .
Huffington has an important statement of Iranian Americans on the events in Iran .
End / ( Not Continued )
Americans working in Iraq for Halliburton spin - off KBR have been outraged by the massive fraud they saw there .
Dozens are suing the giant military contractor , on the taxpayers ’ behalf .
Whose side is the Justice Department on ?
On first meeting him , one might not suspect Alan Grayson of being a crusader against government - contractor fraud ...
Grayson spends most of his days and many of his evenings on a lonely legal campaign to redress colossal frauds against American taxpayers by private contractors operating in Iraq .
He calls it “ the crime of the century . ”
His obvious adversaries are the contracting corporations themselves -- especially Halliburton , the giant oil - services conglomerate where Vice President Dick Cheney spent the latter half of the 1990s as C.E.O. , and its former subsidiary Kellogg , Brown & Root , now known simply as KBR .
But he says his efforts to take on those organizations have earned him another enemy : the United States Department of Justice .
Over the past 16 years , Grayson has litigated dozens of cases of contractor fraud .
In many of these , he has found the Justice Department to be an ally in exposing wrongdoing .
But in cases that involve the Iraq war , the D.O.J. has taken extraordinary steps to stand in his way .
Behind its machinations , he believes , is a scandal of epic proportions -- one that may come to haunt the legacy of the Bush administration long after it is gone .
Houston - based
To the irritation of KBR ’s critics , the Army has generally upheld the bills the company has submitted to the military , even when the Pentagon ’s own auditors have questioned the amounts .
But the argument that the Army was overcharged appears to be more clear - cut in the cases of several former KBR officials convicted of accepting bribes and kickbacks .
In those cases , the Army asked KBR to perform a certain task under the Logcap contract , like buying living trailers or building a dining facility , and the KBR officials found subcontractors in the region to carry out the actual work .
The officials took bribes to steer the work toward subcontractors who were not the low bidders , or simply inflated the worth of the contracts once they had been awarded .
In the contracts handled by just one of those officials , Stephen Lowell Seamans , who pleaded guilty to bribery and conspiracy in March 2006 , Pentagon auditors quickly found potential excess profits by a Kuwaiti subcontractor of $ 49.8 million , or 76 percent , “ as a result of Mr. Seamans ’s fraudulent activities , ” the senators wrote .
Of $ 306 million in tainted contracts , at least $ 100 million of the charges appeared to be unjustified , wrote the senators .
• A lack of oversight has led to widespread abuse among contractors who have bilked the government out of millions of dollars .
• There is no accurate count of contractor personnel in the war theater , just as there is no uniform system to track workers killed or injured .
• Private contractors ' legal status is different from that of U.S. government employees ; military leaders have less authority over contractors than over military or civilian subordinates .
• Criminal cases and civil lawsuits involving contractors , which are not tracked by U.S. agencies , routinely raise political and jurisdictional questions .
- Congressman Alan GraysonMore than most members of Congress , Grayson knows exactly what KBR is and what they do and why they 've earned such a harsh judgment from investigators who have looked into them .
Before Grayson was elected to Congress to represent a central Florida district centered in Orlando , he was busy suing war profiteers .
His successes are legendary , as documented in afeature , " The People vs. The Profiteers , " from 2007 that starts like this :
That time is now , as thereported today .
Yes , Bush and his depraved regime are gone -- but so are untold billions of taxpayer dollars -- and they did n't just vanish into thin air .
The connection between the Bush Family and KBR , a spin -off of the Dubai - based Halliburton , once run by Dick Cheney , will be judged by historians as one of the actualof the Iraq War , the same way historians credit munitions manufacturers with having contributed to what came to be known as World War I. Halliburton and KBR are at the bottom of an effort by modern day robber barons to build generational wealth by massively ripping off the American public .
The War Tapes , the first documentary of the Iraq War produced by U.S. soldiers who fought in it , mentions , for example , how Halliburton charged American taxpayers , with the Bush Regime 's encouragement , $ 28 each for the disposable picnic plates given to the soldiers in the mess hall that their meals are served on .
The slop they served on the plates cost more .
And in a letter to Defense Secretary Robert Gates on Friday , Senators Claire McCaskill ( D - MO ) and Susan Collins ( R - ME ) , respectively the chair and ranking member of the contracting oversight subcommittee of the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee want to know why the Pentagon has collected the $ 100 million inovercharges and why the same monopolistic practices that saw KBR and rake in $ 31.3 billion under its partners in the Bush Regime .
And people who have looked into war profiteering in Iraq unanimously agree that that 's just small change compared to what was actually ripped off .
Today the Wartime Contracting Commission is meeting in Washington .
At a February meeting Senator McCaskill , did n't shock anyone when she referred to the contracting in Iraq as " a massive failure .
We have failed our military , and we have failed the American people . "
Government agencies report : Crooked contractors and the Bush Regimistas who enabled them and took their bribes better hope this does n't wind up going over to the House .
Let 's face it ; Collins may even be complicit and McCaskill ... what 's she going to do ?
Send a tweet ?
If this gets taken up by the House , where members like Grayson , as well as former military officers like Joe Sestak , Patrick Murphy and Eric Massa -- not to mention Armed Services Committee member Carol Shea Porter -- know what this is all about and do n't mind upsetting some apple carts to get to the bottom of it , the " crime of the century " prediction is going to play out on cable TV .
“ Some folks , " said Eric Massa ( D - NY ) , an Annapolis grad and former officer on the USS New Jersey , " might think that $ 100 million of missing money is not a lot , I 'm not one of them .
During the past eight years we did not hold contractors accountable , but that 's going to change .
I join with Senators Collins and McCaskill in calling for responsibility and accountability in ensuring our tax dollars are used properly .
I will not stay silent when the American taxpayer is being ripped off and that is exactly what we 're talking about .
” Retired admiral Joe Sestak ( D - PA ) is the highest ranking military officer to have ever served in the House .
Like Carol Shea -Porter and Eric Massa , he serves on the House Armed Services Committee .
He may or may not run for the Senate next year .
But whatever he does , it does n't bode well for the criminal contractors who have been ripping off the taxpayers .
This morning he told us that " There is probably no more important issue than to correct what has been a failure of accountability in government for some time .
I learned in the military that leaders are not only responsible for their actions , but are accountable for them .
The failure to ensure accountability for overpayments to KBR and other companies does nothing except reinforce the viewpoint that our government fails to provide accountable leadership .
” The BBC made a short film about the scandal which , predictably , got more play in Europe than in the U.S.
If you have n't seen it already , please take a look :
Labels : Alan Grayson , Culture of Corruption , Eric Massa , Halliburton , Joe Sestak , KBR , war profiteers
“ Us Now ” is an interesting full length documentary about computer - based social technologies , trust , bottom - up and self - organisation .
Finally “ wisdom of the crowd ” appears and all connected to the question , if we all together could govern ?
The leading question of the movie is : “ In a world in which information is like air , what happens to power ? ”
“ New technologies and a closely related culture of collaboration present radical new models of social organisation .
This project brings together leading practitioners and thinkers in this field and asks them to determine the opportunity for government . ”
Welcome
We are a Low Power FM ( LPFM ) non-commercial DIY radio station broadcasting on KHUH 104.9 FM and online from a public space in Seattle 's Central District .
We are also an all - ages music and performance venue .
Our focus is on audio not often heard on the traditional radio dial , including : found sound , field recordings , forgotten music , local musicians , bedroom recordings , lo - fi demos , dreams , storytelling , conversations from within marginalized communities and things that feel real .
We acknowledge and celebrate raw talent and imperfections , and encourage emerging artists to take a chance with us .
We support local and NW music and other underground music from around the world .
( CNN ) -- Financial crisis - stricken Iceland formally applied for European Union membership on Friday , a day after lawmakers narrowly backed a government plan to take the island nation into the economic and political bloc .
Icelandic PM Johanna Sigurdardottir pledged to take Iceland into the EU during April 's election campaign .
A copy of the application was submitted to the Swedish government , which currently holds the EU 's rotating presidency , Iceland 's Ministry for Foreign Affairs confirmed in a statement .
Iceland 's economy was devastated by the collapse of the island 's banking system last year , leading to the resignation of the country 's government .
In elections in April , center left leader Johanna Sigurdardottir was elected prime minister after pledging to take Iceland into the EU .
On Thursday , Iceland 's parliament , the Althing , voted in favor of the government plan by 33 votes to 28 with two abstentions .
" This is a historic day for Iceland , " Foreign Minister Ossur Skarphedinsson said in a statement .
" As a European nation already deeply integrated into European structures ... we now look forward to taking the next logical step , in close cooperation with our European partners . "
Welcoming Iceland 's application , European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso said : " The decision of the Icelandic Parliament is a sign of the vitality of the European project and indicative of the hope that the European Union represents .
Iceland is a European country with long and deep democratic roots . "
Iceland already benefits from a free trade arrangement with European Union member states , latterly as a participating member of the European Economic Area , which was established in 1994 , and formerly through a bilateral free trade agreement with the EEC , the EU 's predecessor .
But Icelanders have traditionally been skeptical of the benefits of full EU membership , fearing that they would lose some of their independence as a small state within a larger political entity .
At present three other states in southeastern Europe -- Croatia , FYR Macedonia and Turkey -- are candidate countries for EU membership .
" I am pleased that the EU 's enlargement agenda may soon extend to Europe 's north - western corner as well , with Iceland , a country with deep democratic traditions , in addition to our continued commitment to South East Europe , " said Enlargement Commissioner Olli Rehn .
Icesave collapsed last October
Iceland has agreed to repay British and Dutch government money paid out to depositors following the collapse of the savings bank Icesave .
The UK loaned Iceland £ 2.3 bn last year to reimburse UK savers with Icesave , after the entire Icelandic banking system was nationalised .
The savings of 300,000 retail depositors who held accounts in Britain with Icesave were affected .
The incident sparked tensions between London and Reykjavik at the time .
Britain used anti-terrorism laws to freeze the assets of Icelandic banks , which had collapsed in the wake of financial crisis .
British savers with Icesave were refunded in full at the time by the UK Treasury .
' Good news '
Following drawn - out negotiations , Iceland said it would now repay the £ 2.3 bn plus interest .
The UK Treasury said the deal was a positive step forward for relations between the countries .
" This is good news for UK taxpayers and good news for Iceland , " a Treasury spokesman said .
" The government welcomes Iceland 's commitment to recognise its obligations under the EC Deposit Guarantee Scheme to repay depositors in Icesave . "
However , British local authorities and bodies will continue to wait to get their money back , as today 's agreement relates only to retail depositors .
source 1 2
Many visitors to Racetrack Playa or Death Valley have tried to capture its unique landscape and eerie beauty through words and pictures , but you have to go there to truly experience it .
At first glance , the valley may appear forsaken and desolate , but you will soon discover that spending time in this completely unusual landscape will inspire you to appreciate its rugged , natural beauty .
Aptly named stops along this byway will get the best of your curiosity .
Dante 's View is arguably the most magnificent panorama in Death Valley .
From this peak in the Black Mountains , but still a mere mile above sea level , you will see an expansive valley before you to the west , all the way to Telescope Peak .
Below the peak is Badwater , the lowest point on the entire continent at 282 feet below sea level .
The salt pans below are one of the most eerily fascinating places .
The uninterrupted space of white dried salt crystals create erratic geometric patterns on the valley floor , which can be best captured in their entirety from Dante 's View .
Another curious name is Devil 's Golf Course .
You will notice that the peculiar jagged peaks and crevices comprised almost completely of sodium chloride would hardly prove adequate topography for a golf course at all .
The name , however , comes from a quote in a 1934 travel guidebook of the region , which said " only the devil could play golf on such a surface .
" You 'll find out why Artist Drive is named such as you come upon the view from the highway through the Black Mountains .
As reds , golds , lavenders , and greens appear in the distance , you will see why this palette of colors fascinates new and frequent visitors alike .
The colored landscape is actually chemically altered ash deposits from volcanoes that erupted millions of years ago .
The drive will inspire wonder as you take in this painted landscape of color and shape .
Landscapes of parched salt flats , colored volcanic deposits , wind - blown sand dunes and expansive vistas of wind and rain marked rock crevices may not be your initial idea of a beautiful California vacation , but wait until you see it for yourself as you drive the Death Valley Scenic Byway .
Death Valley National Park , the largest national park in the U.S. , encompasses some 3.3 million acres of the Mojave Desert in eastern California .
The land is diverse , with elevations ranging from - 282 feet at Badwater ( the lowest point in the Western Hemisphere ) to 11,049 feet at the summit of Telescope Peak .
In this arid land , great differences in elevation lead to great differences in topography and habitat .
The overwhelming impression , however , is that this land is extremely hot and dry and unencumbered by the burden of dirt and vegetation .
To the untutored eye , the entire area might even look barren , and while it is true that some areas appear lifeless , most areas support at least a few species of plants and animals .
Death Valley generally is warm , sunny , and dry throughout the year .
Summers are unbelievably hot ( temperatures commonly exceed 120 degrees ) and dry , but the winters generally are mild , although with occasional bitter - cold storms .
The spring and fall seasons generally are mild , but they can be windy .
During summer , wear light comfortable clothes that provide sun protection ( e.g. , a broad brimmed hat , sunglasses , and sunscreen ) .
Winter days might require a light jacket , but winter nights can be frigid .
Limited services ( gas , food , and camping ) are available at Furnace Creek , Stovepipe Wells , Scotty 's Castle , and Panamint Springs .
Lodging is available at Furnace Creek , Stovepipe Wells , and Panamint Springs , and there are a number of campgrounds scattered throughout the central and northern portions of the park .
Furnace Creek and Stovepipe Wells have small stores with basic camping supplies .
This is wild and remote country , so plan ahead and bring what you need .
Always carry extra drinking water in your vehicle .
Death Valley has a long history of human use .
Native Americans lived here for centuries and left their marks in many places .
Later , ill - prepared white settlers crossed the valley ( thinking it was a shortcut to the Promised Land of California ) and left behind a tale of determination and survival that still colors our view of Death Valley and American history .
More recently , miners swarmed the area building roads and trails to extract valuable minerals .
Their legacy provides us with many great hiking opportunities ( i.e. , old roads and interesting destinations ) .
The most famous miners probably were associated with the 20 Mule Team Borax Works , entering legend through television during the 1960s .
The Furnace Creek Visitor Center has nice exhibits on human history in the park .
Death Valley is an arid land subject to extremes of temperature .
During summer , the floor of Death Valley is extremely hot , with temperatures typically exceeding 120 degrees .
During hot weather , be very careful and carry lots of water .
Do n't count on the air conditioner in your vehicle to keep you cool .
During winter , the valley and surrounding mountains can be bitter cold , especially if the wind is blowing .
Plan ahead a dress accordingly .
Although Death Valley is extremely arid , heavy rains and flash floods occur regularly .
Stay out of washes and canyons when flash floods threaten .
Do n't camp in washes or narrow canyons .
The summer heat combined with low humidities create the potential for quick and extreme dehydration -- drink lots of water or sports drinks even if you think you do n't need it .
The historical mining activity left behind many interesting old townsites , buildings , artifacts , and mines that are fun to explore .
Beware , however , that wooden floors can give away , roofs can collapse , and it is never safe to enter old mines ; apply the " look but do n't touch " rule .
If your vehicle breaks down and you are stuck out in the desert , stay with your vehicle .
Your vehicle has lots of things that you can use to help survive a night out in the desert , and it is a lot easier for search teams to find a vehicle in the vast desert than it is to find a person .
The park has a patrol plane , and it is a lot easier for the pilot to see your vehicle than it is to see you .
Some years ago , I was out hiking just after dawn in the south end of the park .
The patrol plane came over from the other side of the valley and flew low over my truck to check me out , but he did n't seem to notice me standing on a ridge a short distance away .
Be sure to review the standard warnings about hiking in the desert .
Give the donkeys a rest !
Plea to visitors over tourist site cruelty
Head hanging down , the donkey presses on in the blazing heat with its extraordinarily heavy human load .
Carrying a tourist weighing more than itself , the skinny animal sometimes falters , but is urged on by the handler - who hits its hind quarters with sticks or nails .
As this shocking picture shows , animals in many destinations visited by hundreds of thousands of tourists a year still have to endure great suffering as they are treated like ' machines ' by their impoverished owners and visitors .
Beast of burden : A picture from Petra released by the Brooke Charity
Now a leading animal charity has told travellers that it is time they helped put an end to such cruelty .
Two destinations of particular concern are the ancient city of Petra , in Jordan , and the Egyptian pyramids in Cairo .
In rose - stoned Petra , where this picture was taken , many are determined to climb 800 steps cut in rock to see the impressive view from the Ad- Deir Monastery .
But the trek proves too much for some , so they use the donkeys , led by locals who rely on the animals for their livelihood .
Because they are desperate for money the handlers often insist no load is too big .
Cruelty : A skinny donkey struggles under the weight of a tired tourist in a shocking example of the way animals are treated at top tourist destinations
As a result , visitors heave themselves on to the animals which are sometimes smaller than their load .
Others double - up for a ride , or cram as many people as possible into a carriage pulled by a horse .
The horses can be highly decorated - but the ornate coverings can hide sores caused by rubbing and the animal 's protruding bones .
But while they spend all day working , the animals can go without food because owners cannot afford to feed them after tourists barter them down on the price of a ride .
One of the donkeys is urged up the 800 steps at Petra , in Jordan , by his desperate owner
Donkey and horse charity
The Brooke , whose president is the Duchess of Cornwall , stressed such treatment happens across the world .
' They are living beings , they 're not machines , ' said Dorcas Pratt , head of international development at the charity .
' When people get on to a horse or donkey , they should make sure they match their size to the size of the animal .
Never mind whether it seems to be able to take your weight , it might be suffering from carrying that weight . '
Mrs Pratt , added that while beach donkeys in Britain have a charter detailing their rights , which includes a strict eight - stone weight limit , there are no protection regulations overseas .
She said : ' People are not deliberately being cruel , but when they go abroad maybe they lose sight of the fact the animal still feels . '
Plight :
Many of the donkey are not fed properly because tourists haggle the price of a ride down and elaborate harnesses often hide sores and protruding bones
' When horses are raced against each other they are beaten with sticks , electric flex or even nails .
' Sometimes tourists might want to have a bit of fun and encourage the handler to race them , not realising how painful this can be for the animal .
' There needs to be one person per animal , the rider needs to match their weight to the animal .
' It is also important that tourists pay a fair price for the ride , as bartering the owner down will just mean they have a tighter budget , which means the animal can suffer and might not get fed .
' Choose the animal , rather than a highly decorated carriage , and praise the owner for their healthy animal . '
MOSCOW 
Let other capitals go all weak - kneed when President Obama visits .
Moscow has greeted Mr. Obama , who on Tuesday night concluded a two - day Russian - American summit meeting , as if he were just another dignitary passing through .
Crowds did not clamor for a glimpse of him .
Headlines offered only glancing or flippant notice of his activities .
Television programming was uninterrupted ; devotees of the Russian Judge Judy had nothing to fear .
Even many students and alumni of the Western - oriented business school where Mr. Obama gave the graduation address on Tuesday seemed merely respectful , but hardly enthralled .
“ We do n’t really understand why Obama is such a star , ” said Kirill Zagorodnov , 25 , one of the graduates .
“ It ’s a question of trust , how he behaves , how he positions himself , that typical charisma , which in Russia is often parodied .
Russians really are not accustomed to it .
It is like he is trying to manipulate the public . ”
Others suggested that after decades of social turmoil , Russians were simply exhausted with politics , and had been so often disappointed by Western leaders that they were not inclined to get excited by the latest one .
Asked by one Moscow newspaper what they expected to come out of Mr. Obama ’s visit , most respondents had the same answer : traffic jams .
MADISON , a liberal college town that doubles as the capital of a politically complicated state , pulls its disparate elements together into a spirited reality all its own , a funky amalgam of hard - partying students , socially conscious activists , sports fans , outdoor warriors , politicos from both sides of the aisle , artists , foodies and more .
Long pigeonholed as a hotbed for frat parties and activism , Madison has a vibrant but much more tempered side brimming with arts , culture and food .
In a city with so many types to keep happy , it ’s impossible not to find something that suits your fancy .
Friday
3 p.m.
1 ) GLIMPSE OF GRIDIRON
University of Wisconsin football inspires obsession in Madison , and even in much of the off - season , you can share a little of the excitement with a tour of Camp Randall Stadium ( 1440 Monroe Street ; 608-263-5645 ; www.uwbadgers.com/facilities).
Walk on the field , glance inside the locker rooms , check out a luxury box and pose with a statue of the former coach Barry Alvarez .
The free tours are normally for groups of 10 to 75 people , but individuals can latch on with a scheduled group ; check for availability at least two weeks in advance .
There are no tours from mid-November through late Apirl , and dates are limited during the football season .
5 p.m.
2 ) BEER OR BOTANY ?
Drink in views of Lake Mendota , one of the lakes that give Madison its miles of waterfront , along with your pint at the Memorial Union Terrace at the University of Wisconsin ( 800 Langdon Street ; 608-265-3000 ; www.union.wisc.edu/terrace), an outdoor four - tiered space with candy - colored chairs , a lakefront path and live music in the warm months .
Or for quieter outdoor relaxation , try the Allen Centennial Gardens ( 620 Babcock Drive ; www.horticulture.wisc.edu/allencentennialgardens), 2.5 acres surrounding a Victorian building .
Stroll Allen ’s 29 gardens from a path lined with day lilies by the dozens to a French garden where the shrubs are trimmed in the shape of fleurs - de - lis .
7 p.m.
3 ) PRAIRIE PROVISIONS
Madison ’s growing culinary scene pulls diners in two very different directions : far from the prairie with dozens of ethnic restaurants and right back to it with an emphasis on the bounty of Wisconsin ’s farms .
Harvest ( 21 North Pinckney Street ; 608-255-6075 ; www.harvest-restaurant.com) offers sophisticated seasonal dishes and an extensive wine list in a soothing setting of soft lighting and buttery yellow walls .
Try the porcini - salt - rub angus tenderloin with celeriac purée ( $ 36 ) or the house - made tagliatelle ( $ 18 ) .
Marco Arment :
The last session of WWDC ‘09 yesterday was about publishing on the App Store .
The content of sessions is under NDA , so I ca n’t tell you what it was about .
So I ’ll tell you what was n’t in it : the audience Q&A session that succeeded nearly every other WWDC session and usually provided invaluable access to Apple employees and useful additional knowledge to attendees .
The session itself blew through its lightweight examples quickly , ending 45 minutes early .
The majority of the audience was clearly there for the Q&A .
As people lined up at the microphones around the room , the presenter abruptly showed a simple slide with only “ WWDC ” in plain lettering , thanked us for coming , and bolted off the stage .
The Apple engineers , usually staying around the stage for one - on - one questions , were gone .
The lights came up instantly , and it was the only session that did n’t end in music .
The audience was stunned .
It was a giant middle finger to iPhone developers .
And that ’s the closing impression that Apple gave us for WWDC .
[ Haskell - cafe ]
Lightweight type - level dependent programming in Haskell
( Literate Haskell post ) > {-# LANGUAGE GADTs , RankNTypes , TypeFamilies , ScopedTypeVariables , FlexibleContexts #-} > module Dependent where I recently discovered an interesting way of closing typeclasses while playing with type - level peano naturals :
First we build peano integers at the type level : > data Z = Z > newtype S n = S n
And a couple of generally useful type - level combinators : > newtype I x = I { unI :: x } > newtype K x y = K { unK :: x } ( We could also include the S combinator , under a different name , but I have n't needed it yet ...)
This representation is n't " closed " ; there 's nothing forcing the " n " in S n to be Z or S n .
But we can make a typeclass easily : class Nat n instance Nat Z where ... instance Nat n =>
Nat ( S n ) where ...
But again , this typeclass is open .
What I recently realized is that it 's easy to close the typeclass by requiring instances to provide a simple implementation of " typecase " : > class
Nat n where > caseNat :: forall r. n -> ( n ~ Z => r ) -> ( forall p. ( n ~ S p , Nat p ) => p -> r ) -> r
By parametricity , any non _|_ implementation of caseNat has to prove either ( n ~ Z ) , to call the first branch , or ( n ~ S p ) for some other natural p , to call the second .
> instance Nat Z where > caseNat _ z _ = z > instance Nat n =>
Nat ( S n ) where > caseNat ( S n ) _ s = s n ( Interesting side note : the S n pattern match is automatically lazy , since S is a newtype ) Somewhat surprisingly , caseNat is sufficient to prove * dependent * induction : > induction :: forall p n. Nat n => n -> p Z -> ( forall x. Nat x => p x -> p ( S x ) ) -> p n > induction n z s = caseNat n isZ isS where > isZ :: n ~ Z => p n > isZ = z > isS :: forall x. ( n ~ S x , Nat x ) => x -> p n > isS x = s ( induction x z s )
What does this function mean ?
Through the Curry - Howard lens , it says :
If we have a proof of P 0 , and a proof of ( P x -> P ( x+1 ) ) for any natural x , then we can prove P n for any natural n!
The proof simply proceeds by case analysis on n ; we know that the proof terminates since the recursive step works at a strictly smaller type , and Haskell types are all finite in size .
Now , of course , this is n't any different from case analysis on this GADT : > data Peano a where >
Pz :: Peano Z > Ps :: Peano n -> Peano ( S n ) > inductP :: forall n p. Peano n -> p Z -> ( forall x. Peano x -> p x -> p ( S x ) ) -> p n > inductP
Pz z s = z > inductP ( Ps n ) z s = s n ( inductP n z s )
In fact , the whole point of GADT case analysis is to introduce the type - level coercions that caseNat makes explicit .
So there 's not a huge gain here .
There is one interesting benefit that the typeclass answer gives you , however ; you can let the compiler derive the proof for you : > witnessNat :: forall n. Nat n => n > witnessNat = the Witness where > the Witness = unI $ induction ( undefined `asTypeOf` the Witness ) ( I Z ) ( I . S . unI )
Then we can optimize the implementation of witness to " unsafeCoerce Z " after the typechecker agrees with our proof .
Another useful tool is existentials and witnesses ; existentials allow you to do value - level calculation on " Nat " ; witnesses allow you to construct a proof of Nat n and return it from a proof ; there 's no other way to return that something is a member of a typeclass .
> data AnyNat where AnyNat :: Nat n => n ->
AnyNat > data IsNat n where IsNat :: Nat n => IsNat n > mkNat :: Integer -> AnyNat > mkNat x | x < 0 = error " Nat must be >= 0 " > mkNat 0 = AnyNat Z > mkNat x = case ( mkNat ( x - 1 ) ) of ( AnyNat n ) -> AnyNat ( S n ) > natToInteger :: Nat n => n ->
Integer > natToInteger n = unK $ induction n ( K 0 ) ( K . ( +1 ) . unK ) > prec_app = 11 > instance Show AnyNat where > shows Prec p ( AnyNat n ) = showParen ( p > prec_app ) ( showString " mkNat " . shows ( natToInteger n ) )
Fun exercises : > data TEq a b where TEq :: ( a ~ b ) => TEq a b 1 ) Write a sized list GADT , and build some lists using combinators on Nat .
Here 's an example : myReplicate a = induction witnessNat Nil ( Cons a ) For me , ghc correctly infers this function to have the type myReplicate :: ( Nat n ) => a ->
List a n .
It 's nice that I do n't have to specify n anywhere !
Try implementing fold :: Nat n => ( forall x. Nat x => a -> p x -> p ( S x ) ) ->
List a n -> p n 2 ) ( Easy )
Prove that all sized lists have a length that is a natural number : lengthIsNat :: SizedList a n -> IsNat n 3 ) Prove that equality is decidable on naturals : natEqDec :: forall x y. ( Nat x , Nat y ) => x -> y ->
Maybe ( TEq x y ) 4 ) Write the standard " plus " type family , then prove : plusIsNat :: forall x y. ( Nat x , Nat y ) => IsNat ( Plus x y ) plusIsComm :: forall x y. ( Nat x , Nat y ) => TEq ( Plus x y ) ( Plus y x ) ( While doing this exercise , I was impressed at how good the type coercion prover is ) 5 ) ( Challenge )
Write definitions for " instance Eq AnyNat " and " instance Num AnyNat "
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
With President Barack Obama ’s nomination of federal appeals court Judge Sonia Sotomayor to the Supreme Court , conservatives could have a blistering fight on their hands–among themselves .
As news leaked of the Sotomayor appointment , the Judicial Confirmation Network , a conservative outfit , released a statement from its counsel , Wendy E. Long , blasting Sotomayor :
Judge Sotomayor is a liberal judicial activist of the first order who thinks her own personal political agenda is more important that the law as written .
She thinks that judges should dictate policy , and that one ’s sex , race , and ethnicity ought to affect the decisions one renders from the bench .
She reads racial preferences and quotas into the Constitution , even to the point of dishonoring those who preserve our public safety ….
She has an extremely high rate of her decisions being reversed , indicating that she is far more of a liberal activist than even the current liberal activist Supreme Court .
Long is a former law clerk to Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas , and her group is run by a fellow named Gary Marx , who worked for the Bush - Cheney reelection campaign in 2004 and who was also a fundraiser for a social conservative group affiliated with religious right leader James Dobson .
The Judicial Confirmation Network ’s quick opposition to Sotomayor–it aired ads against her before she was even picked by Obama–is an indication that the the Christian right is preparing for battle .
As soon as Obama publicly named Sotomayor , two fundamentalist leaders and militant antiabortion crusaders –Rev. Patrick Mahoney of the Christian Defense Coalition and Rev. Rob Schenck of Faith and Action–held a prayer service in front of the Supreme Court to oppose the appointment .
Concerned Women for America , a mainstay of the fundamentalist right , derided Sotomayor ’s “ immodest bias , ” criticizing her for having remarked that a “ ‘ Latina woman with the richness of her experience would more often than not reach a better conclusion than a white male who has n’t lived that life . ”
But will the social conservatives eager for a fight over Sotomayor be supported by others on the right , as they try to block the appointment of the first Latina Supreme Court justice , whose life story ( from housing project to Supreme Court ! ) is full of triumph - over - adversity inspiration ?
Not everyone on the right appears eager for a war over Sotomayor .
On May 1 , conservative pundit and strategist Bill Kristol gave a talk to the DC lawyers ’ chapter of the Federalist Society , the preeminent conservative legal group .
( Members include Supreme Court Justices Antonin Scalia and Samuel Alito Jr. )
He said that Sotomayor would be hard to oppose , noting her Hispanic background and pointing out that she was first appointed to the federal bench by President George H.W. Bush .
Kristol called her an attractive candidate and predicted she would sail through the confirmation process , with minimal Republican resistance .
He did not believe Sotomayor would galvanize a meaningful opposition and did not encourage a full - scale campaign against her .
His remarks seemed in sync with the sentiment of the crowd in the room .
The conservative lawyers at the event appeared more concerned about the ideological balance of the court and realized that any Obama pick would likely be a liberal - minded jurist replacing liberal - minded Justice David Souter .
One prominent Federalist Society official said that he doubted that any fight over Sotomayor ( or any other candidate then on Obama ’s short list ) would galvanize conservatives .
It ’s possible that the right is heading toward a split between those who want to Bork President Obama ’s first Supreme Court pick–blasting her for a decision siding with the city of New Haven in a discrimination case brought by white firefighters who objected to the deep - sixing of a promotion exam that yielded low scores for minorities –and those conservatives who do n’t see the political gain in trying to destroy the first female Hispanic appointee when the Democrats have a large majority in the Senate .
Some leading conservative voices have dumped on her .
Karl Rove assailed her as a liberal , activist judge who does not have the “ intellectual powers ” to make a difference on the court .
National Review writer Ramesh Ponnuru tagged her “ Obama ’s Harriet Miers . ”
Former GOP presidential candidate Mike Huckabee criticized the Sotomayor choice as “ the clearest indication yet that President Obama ’s campaign promises to be a centrist and think in a bipartisan way were mere rhetoric .
Sotomayor comes from the far left and will likely leave us with something akin to the ‘ Extreme Court ’ that could mark a major shift . ”
But this hardly signals that mainstream conservatives–and , most important , Senate Republicans–are gearing up to go after Sotomayor and annihilate her .
And GOP chair Michael Steele cautioned a slow and deliberate response , saying “ Republicans will reserve judgment on Sonia Sotomayor until there has been a thorough and thoughtful examination of her legal views . ”
No doubt , cable TV conservatives will decry Sotomayor ’s decisions and chide Obama for citing her real - world experience as “ a necessary ingredient in the kind of justice we need on the Supreme Court . ”
And there will be rightwing advocacy groups exploiting the moment by sending out dire - sounding direct mail and blast emails to raise money off this pick .
But all this does not make for a concerted and coordinated opposition the White House has to fret about .
If Republicans do end up deciding that a major fight against Sotomayor is not in their best political interests , that surely will disappoint some of their comrades on the right–and that could spark a nasty intra-movement squabble .
( Huckabee may have his first issue for the 2012 GOP presidential primaries . )
By selecting Sotomayor , Obama is forcing Senate GOPers to choose between attacking a Hispanic appointee ( and possibly alienating Hispanic voters ) and ticking off social conservatives .
At the moment , the GOPers ’ calculation seems obvious .
But it could come at a cost of a cat - fight on the right .
UPDATE : Shortly after Huckabee slammed Sotomayor , Mitt Romney , another 2012 GOP wannabe , said he found her nomination “ troubling , ” claiming she has an “ expansive view ” of the Constitution .
( No way Romney was going to let Huckabee get out in front of him on this . )
Meanwhile , Richard Viguerie , one of the founders of the modern conservative movement , issued a call for an anti-Sotomayor campaign :
“ This is an enormous opportunity for conservatives to define President Obama as a radical liberal in a way that Republicans have so far failed to do . ”
Additional reporting by Stephanie Mencimer .
You can follow David Corn ’s postings and media appearances via Twitter by clicking here .
THE prisoners at the largest US prison in Afghanistan have refused to leave their cells for the past two weeks to shower or exercise to protest against their indefinite imprisonment .
The protest at Bagram , which has been going on since at least July 1 , offers a rare glimpse inside a jail that is even more closed to the public than the one at Guantanamo Bay .
Information about the protest came to light when the International Committee of the Red Cross told the families of several prisoners that scheduled video links and family visits were being cancelled .
Representatives of the Red Cross , which monitors treatment of prisoners and arranges the calls , last visited the jail on July 5 , but inmates were unwilling to meet them .
The prisoners are refusing to leave their cells , but they are not engaging in hunger strikes or violence .
Ramzi Kassem , a lawyer for a Yemeni held at Bagram , said prisoners are protesting being held indefinitely without trial or legal recourse .
The US military declined to comment .
Unlike Guantanamo
Bay , where prisoners have access to lawyers , the 620 prisoners at Bagram are not allowed to visit their lawyers .
Afghan Government representatives are generally not allowed to visit or inspect the prison .
This update introduces a lot of new features , including a PDF viewer , OpenOffice.org integration on Mac OSX and Linux , and many more .
Interface issues , and a number of bugs are also addressed in this release , as well as improvements to the overall stability .
Just to give you a teaser – this is how it looks like to add notes to PDF documents :
New Features :
Built - in PDF viewer for viewing PDFs directly in Mendeley Desktop
Support for annotating PDF files ( syncing notes to and from Mendeley Web is planned for the next release )
Many additional online lookups ( CrossRef , PubMed , Google Scholar )
Public document collections ( reading lists ) which can be embedded on other websites
OpenOffice.org Writer plugin for Mac OSX & Linux
Improved native user interface for Mac OSX
Individual synchronization and privacy settings for each document collection
Auto - save changes and undo functionality for quick document detail editing
Flagging documents as favorites
Marking a document as read , or unread
Detecting duplicate documents when importing library files or PDFs
Merging together document authors , tags , keywords or publications
Editing document details , or tags for multiple documents simultaneously
New “ Trash ” collection so you can restore deleted documents
Improvements to Existing Features :
Changes to the toolbar and terminology in light of usability tests
Better handling of documents with unconfirmed details
More robust synchronization between Mendeley Desktop and Mendeley Web
Search results are presented in a much easier to read format
Searching for documents now searches the document details , as well the PDF text
Bug Fixes :
Detect and handle duplicate citation keys being used when exporting to BibTeX format
Improved full - text indexing stability for search
Allow documents to be renamed without the file organizer being enabled
Clean up the formatting of exported citations
Handle tags and keywords properly when exporting to BibTex format
File organizer stability fixes
Corrections to various citation styles
Plus many more …
So no time to waste – visit our download page and give it a try , would be great to hear what you think ! 🙂
Also , thanks a lot for all the feedback from our leadusers who helped us polishing this new version .
Please note :
As part of the upgrade process , if you have an online account already , Mendeley Desktop will need to perform a full sync when it next starts .
This may take some time depending on the size of your library .
It is a one - off sync that is required to ensure compatibility with an upgraded sync method .
If you have suggestions how to improve managing research papers with the Mendeley reference manager please let us know by visiting our feedback forum .
If you encounter any problems using Mendeley or have questions to ask , please e-mail us at support@mendeley.com .
Sergey Shoigu / Photo : www.ncstu.ru
Russian Emergencies Minister Sergey Shoigu has suggested that all cars in Russia be equipped with breathalyzers .
That move would be 100 - percent effective in preventing drunken driving , he noted at the opening of a security exhibition in Moscow .
Russian Interior Minister Rashid Nurgaliev expressed support for the idea as well , according to Gazeta.ru .
“ A person sits at the wheel and , if he is drunk , the car wo n’t start because alcohol fumes are being given off and so the machine blocks the car ’s starting system , ” Shoigu explained .
He admitted the move may not be popular , saying , “ No one is likely to put such a system in his car voluntarily .
If we take combating drunken driving seriously , we have to make it mandatory . ”
Odds are , if you ’re reading this , you ’ve probably checked your email a few times today .
And I have a couple of questions for you :
Why are you checking your email ?
What ’s in there that will really make a difference in what you ’re doing for the day ?
Take a second to think about your answers .
If you say “ I do n’t know , ” keep reading .
If you have a good answer to either question , keep reading .
While I ’ve got you thinking about email , I ’d like you to think about checking email .
I ’ll say this in very clear terms : the only time you should check email is when you ’re anticipating receiving a message that answers some specific question that is relevant to the task at hand .
Hold onto that thought while I answer an objection that just popped up for a lot of people :
“ But email is the way my employer communicates about what work needs to be done ! ”
If you ’re in a work environment where people use email to change what you should be doing for the next few hours , then you ’re in a different situation ; do what you can to change this practice , though .
It ’s hard to focus on any given task when you know there really might be a message in your inbox that would change what you ought to be working on .
The psychic RAM being taken up by this fear and uncertainty has serious negative effects on collective productivity ; everyone watches their inboxes and has to read redundant or unnecessary messages to make sure that there was n’t a priority change in those messages , and all that watching , waiting , and reading comes at the cost of the work that actually needs to be done .
I think that ’s where a lot of our problems with email originate , and unfortunately we perpetuate that problem in our own habits .
So let ’s move beyond “ checking email ” to “ processing email . ”
Checking Email Is Different Than Processing Email
What ’s the difference ?
It all boils down to “ beginning with the end in mind . ”
When you check email in the way that most people check email , you ’re inviting yourself to jump on the Infinite Loop of Technological Distractions : a message in your inbox causes you to go to a website , that website sends you to another , you want to check in on Twitter , and on you go , until you ’ve finally forgotten why you ’re where you are in the first place .
When you finally get your wits about you , you return to your inbox — probably to find more stuff in there , and the cycle begins anew .
Note that when you check email in the way that I described before this section , you ’re less likely to start the Loop .
You ’re looking for a specific message that answers a specific question for a specific purpose .
If that message is not there , then you can get back to whatever you were doing .
If it is , then it allows you to move that project along .
When you process email , the intention is not to see what ’s in there — it ’s to get stuff out of your inbox .
Normally I say that email is n’t the work you do , but in the case of processing email , it is the work you ’re doing .
This is where thinking about email messages as objects comes in handy : the only messages that should send you running around the Web are the Jumbos ( emails that require some thought and research to even process ) , but if you ’re just processing email , you do n’t necessarily have to get everything out of your inbox .
Despite what the Inbox Zero fans may say , it ’s enough to know that everything in your inbox requires action and that you know , roughly , what actions they require .
Yes , it would be better if you could get your inbox to zero , but you may find it easier to schedule a time to get it processed and then schedule another time to act on the individual messages , rather than trying to “ clear out ” each message you read .
One last thing : you probably noticed that I say “ email messages ” more than I say “ email . ”
I do this to reinforce the fact that “ email ” consists of discrete messages that need to be acted on .
I have found that people are far more likely to actually do the email correspondence they need to do when they see it as “ writing 7 emails [ translate : email messages ] ” rather than “ clear their inbox . ”
Likewise , it ’s easier to see that answering 5 email messages a day will keep your inbox clear , rather than thinking in terms of “ keeping my inbox clear . ”
So when I say “ stop checking your email , ” I ’m not saying “ abandon it . ”
I ’m saying that it ’s more effective to plan when you ’re going to process email messages than it is to get lost for an hour because you ’re checking email .
( Tweet this . )
Looking for more tips , tools , and insights to help you find peace with your inbox ?
Check out our Email Management
Tips resource page .
The following was published in the September 2008 issue of Game Developer magazine …
Game design and economics have a spotty history .
Designing a fun and functional economy is no easy task as many design assumptions tend to backfire when they come in contact with the player .
For example , the early days of Ultima Online were infamous for the game ’s wild and chaotic economy .
Zachary Booth Simpson wrote a classic analysis of UO in 1999 , detailing some of the more notable problems experienced at launch :
the crafting system encouraged massive over - production by rewarding players for each item produced
this over - production led to hyper- inflation as NPC shopkeepers printed money on demand to buy the worthless items
players used vendors as unlimited safety deposit boxes by setting the prices for their own goods far above market value
item hoarding by players forced the team to abandon the closed - loop economy as the world began to empty out of goods
player cartels ( including one from a rival game company ! ) cornered the market on magical Reagents , preventing average users from casting spells
MMO economies have come a long way since then ; World of Warcraft ‘s auction house is now a vibrant part of the game ’s economy and overall world , with many players spending much of their time “ playing the market ” to good effect .
CCP , developers of EVE Online , even hired an academic economist to analyze the flow of resources and the fluctuation of prices within their game world .
Indeed , understanding the potential effect of market forces on gameplay is an important ability for designers to develop .
Can the Market Balance the Game ?
Many designers have used economic game mechanics as a tool for balancing their games .
For example , in Rise of Nations , every time a unit – such as a Knight or Archer – is purchased , the cost of future units of the same type goes up , simulating the pressure of demand upon price .
This design encouraged players to diversify their armed forces , in order to maximize their civilization ’s buying power .
By allowing the “ values ” of different paths and options to float during a game , designers present players with a constantly shifting landscape , extending replayability by guaranteeing no perfect path to victory .
However , if taken too far , efforts to auto - balance by tweaking the economy can destroy a game .
In 2006 , Valve conducted an interesting economic experiment within Counter - Strike : Source , implementing a “ Dynamic Weapon Pricing ” algorithm .
According to the developers , “ the prices of weapons and equipment will be updated each week based on the global market demand for each item .
As more people purchase a certain weapon , the price for that weapon will rise and other weapons will become less expensive . ”
Unfortunately , the overwhelming popularity of certain weapons trumped the ability of the algorithm to balance the game .
For example , while the very effective Desert Eagle skyrocketed to $ 16,000 , the less useful Glock flatlined at $ 1 , leading to some extreme edge cases ( such as the pictured “ Glock bomb ” ) .
A game economy is not a real economy ; not everything can be balanced simply by altering its price .
Gamers just want to have fun , and if the cost of the option considered the most fun is constantly tuned higher and higher until the price becomes prohibitive , players may not just alter their strategy – they may simply go play another game .
The current price of gas may be making our real lives “ unfun ” , but only one real - world economy exists , leaving us no choice .
Gamers are not in the same situation .
Ultimately , designers should remember that achieving perfect balance is a dubious goal .
Players are not looking for another game like rock / paper / scissors , in which every choice is guaranteed to be valid , essentially encouraging random strategies .
Players are motivated by reasons beyond purely economic ones when playing games .
Raising the cost of a player ’s favorite weapon is simply going to feel like a penalty and should only be done if the imbalance is actually ruining the core game .
Putting the Market Inside the Game
Perhaps a more appropriate use of economic dynamics is as a transparent mechanic within the game itself .
The board game world provides some great examples of such free market mechanics at work .
German - style games Puerto Rico and Vinci both use increasing subsidies to improve the appeal of unpopular roles and technologies , respectively .
In the case of the former , every turn no player decides to be the Craftsman , one gold piece is added as a “ reward ” for choosing that role .
As the gold increases slowly , few players will be able to resist such a bounty , which nicely solves the problem of making sure all roles are eventually chosen .
Puerto Rico still has some clearly better and clearly worse options – they just change from turn to turn based on the current reward .
In this case , auto - balancing actually keeps the game fun because players are rewarded for choosing less common strategies , instead of being penalized for sticking to their favorites .
Perhaps more importantly , the effects of the market are spelled out clearly for the players ahead of time , so that no one feels the game is biased against them .
Perhaps the most elegant example of a pure free market mechanic based around actual resources and prices can be found in Power Grid , another German - style board game .
In this case , players supply their power plants with a variety of resources ( oil , coal , uranium , and garbage ) , all of which are purchased from a central market .
Resource pieces are arranged on a linear track of escalating prices .
Every turn , X new pieces of each resource are added to the market , and players take Y pieces away as purchases .
As the supply goes up and down , the price correspondingly goes up and down , depending on where the next available piece is on the market track .
By making the supply - demand mechanic so explicit and transparent to the players , the market becomes its own battlefield , as much as the hex grid of a wargame might be .
By buying up as much coal as possible , one player might drive the price out of the range of the player in the next seat , causing her to be unable to supply all her plan ts at the end of the turn , a disastrous event in Power Grid .
Thus , with a true open market , price can be used as a weapon just as much as an arrow or a sword might be in a military game .
The Benefits of Free Trade
Similarly , a number of modern strategy games , including Sins of a Solar Empire and the Age of Empires series , have included free markets in which players could buy and sell resources , influencing global prices with their actions .
These markets serve as interesting “ greed tests ” in that players are often tempted to sell when they need cash or to buy when they are short on a specific resource , but they know in the back of their minds that each time they use the market , they are potentially giving an advantage to another player .
Buy too much wood in Age of Kings , and your opponents can make all the gold they need selling off their excess supply .
Unfortunately , the market dynamics of these games tend to repeat themselves , with prices usually bottoming out once the players ’ total production overwhelms their needs .
This effect stems from the fact that the game maps emphasize economic fairness – in AoK , each player is guaranteed a decent supply of gold , stone , and wood within a short distance of their starting location .
Spreading resources randomly around the map could lead a much more dynamic and interesting market mechanic but at the cost of overall play balance for a game with a core military mechanic .
If your opponents attack with horsemen , what if there is no wood with which to build spearmen , the appropriate counter unit ?
However , a game with a core economic mechanic does not suffer from such limitations .
In most business - based games , specializing in a specific resource is a basic part of the gameplay .
Thus , a free market mechanic can become a compelling part of a competitive game .
The ultimate example of such a game is the ’ 80s classic M.U.L.E. , in which four players vie for economic dominance on a newly - settled world .
Although only four resources exist ( food , energy , smithore , and crystite ) , economies - of - scale encourage players to specialize .
More importantly , players can rarely produce all the resources they need on their own , requiring them to buy directly from other players .
The game has a brilliant interface for facilitating this trade between players .
Buyers are arranged along the bottom edge of the screen , with sellers on the top .
As buyers move up , their asking price goes up accordingly .
As sellers descend , their offer price decreases as well .
When the two meet in the middle , a transaction occurs .
Once again , the mechanic is explicit and transparent – player inventories and market prices are all clearly visible to everyone .
Players understand that they either have to adjust their own prices to make a deal happen or hope that their rivals cave .
Knowing how desperate another player might be to acquire the energy needed to power his buildings or the food needed to feed his labor , the temptation to pull ever last penny from him is strong .
In such a case , prices tend to fall only if the player is afraid someone else might sweep in to reap the profits !
The game mechanic mined here by M.U.L.E. is deep and rich .
Impoverishing one ’s enemies can be just as much fun as destroying them .
( Adds details , background )
LONDON , July 7 ( Reuters ) - Four employees of global mining giant Rio Tinto RIO.
LRIO .
AX in Shanghai have been detained by Chinese authorities , the firm said on Tuesday .
Rio , which last month scrapped a $ 19.5 billion deal with Chinese state - owned metals group Chinalco , said it was unclear why the employees were detained on Sunday .
“ It appears four employees from Rio Tinto ’s Shanghai office have been detained for questioning by the Chinese authorities , ” spokesman Nick Cobban said .
“ We have n’t been able to make contact with them since and we ’ve asked the Chinese authorities for an explanation and we ’re have n’t received anything from them . ”
Three of the four being detained by the Public Security Bureau are Chinese citizens , the Sydney Morning Herald newspaper reported .
The fourth is an Australian passport holder , it said , citing a government source , and said the Australian government is demanding that Beijing grant consular access .
Rio ’s Cobhan said the Shanghai office is mainly a sales and marketing office for Rio , the world ’s second biggest iron ore producer , which is listed in London and Sydney .
“ Obviously China is a very big market for us particularly in terms of iron ore , so we have quite a significant presence in China . ”
He declined to give the employees ’ names or nationalities .
“ Rio Tinto intends to co-operate fully with any investigation the Chinese authorities may wish to undertake and has sought clarification on what has occurred , ” the company said in a statement .
On June 5 , Rio announced it had dumped plans for a landmark investment from Chinalco and instead decided to seal an iron ore joint venture with rival BHP Billiton BHP .
AXBLT.L. [ ID : nSYD73514 ]
Several days later , China ’s official Xinhua news agency slammed Rio Tinto ’s “ perfidy ” for scrapping the deal .
[ ID : nPEK180004 ]
Rio has been locked in difficult talks with China ’s huge steel sector , the biggest customer for Rio ’s iron ore .
Rio has refused to give in to Chinese demands for a bigger cut in contract prices and has been shipping material on the spot market .
[ ID : nSP525100 ]
( Reporting by Pratima Desai and Eric Onstad ; editing by Anthony Barker and Jason Neely )
Controversial Irish singer Sinead O’Connor is set to become the first victim of Ireland ’s proposed new blasphemy laws according to gamblers on popular Irish bookmaker Paddy Power .
Under new proposals from Ireland ’s Minister for Justice , Dermot Ahern , blasphemy could end up costing you € 100,000 ( $ 133,000 ) .
In a new section in Ireland ’s Defamation Bill , the minister wants to insert a clause saying : “ A person who publishes or utters blasphemous matter shall be guilty of an offense and shall be liable upon conviction on indictment to a fine not exceeding € 100,000 . ”
Irish bookmaker Paddy Power , the most popular of its kind in Ireland , is offering odds of 1/3 for the bill to be amended , and 2/1 that the amended bill will be passed into Irish law .
But the blasphemy betting does n’t stop there .
Paddy Power , who ’s offered bets in the past on whether Susan Boyle will pose for Playboy , and if a Communist revolution will occur in Ireland , is asking betters to place their wagers on the Irish celebrity who will be charged first under the new blasphemy law .
The most popular pick ?
None other than Pope picture - tearing Sinead O’Connor , which is n’t a surprise , given that in the proposed bill , blasphemous matter is defined as material that is “ grossly abusive or insulting in relation to matters held sacred by any religion , thereby causing outrage among a substantial number of the adherents of that religion . ”
Needless to say , if O’Connor repeats anything like the stunt she pulled on “ Saturday Night Live , ” when she tore a picture of Pope John Paul II in two , she ’ll be the first to fork over the € 100,000 fine .
A Paddy Power spokesperson said : “ Poor Sinead is the punters favorite to be first to fall foul of this ludicrous law should it get passed .
I ’m just happy that our Last Supper advertising campaign was a couple of years ago .
According to this law I ’d end up in the clink with the key thrown away ! ”
Paddy Power has set her odds at 3/1 .
The controversial Irish singer may be the favorite , but there are some more big names on the list of candidates .
Next in line is infamous ex-priest Neil Horan at 7/2 , followed by popular outspoken Irish funnyman Tommy Tiernan at 8/1 .
Then there ’s Irish TV presenter Gerry Ryan , Irish radio personality Joe Duffy and Irish - American comedian Des Bishop coming in at 10/1 .
The least likely of Paddy Power ’s celebrity lineup to blaspheme ?
Why the sainted Bono , of course , with odds at 18/1 that he ’ll violate the proposed law .
So Antonella is joined by Natasha , Ashley , Kristen and other characters from Ford ’s imagination , each depicted in a Dewar ’s profile type of write - up , and with images grabbed from the Internet .
Antonella has her male counterpart in Anton .
Jack is the presiding personality for the 2010 Taurus .
Joe and Cal are the ideal characters for future trucks .
Antonella cares more about the design and function of her telephone than that of her car .
Her priorities in the Fiesta are visible in the car ’s central panel , where controls inspired by those of a cellphone operate the audio and air - conditioning systems .
Designers working on the Fiesta referred to the shape framing the dashboard instruments as “ Antonella ’s glasses . ”
Ford ’s goal in using made - up characters is that they will help produce cars that transcend national traits and are instead built around international , psychological archetypes .
Antonella is an extreme version of a type the Ford designers call the fun-seeker .
“ There are fun-seekers in London and Cleveland , ” Mr. Callum said .
But the image of the fun -seeker appears sharply etched and more extreme when set in Rome .
“ In Rome there are lots of small cars , ” Mr. Yalman said .
“ They are always dodging each other .
So a car there has to be nimble and it has to look the part .
Romans have been conscious of how their vehicles look  all the way back to Caesar .
Every little crease of their toga has to be just right . ”
Mr. Yalman first found the composite characters useful when he began directing marketing efforts for Ford in Europe .
Confronted with many boundaries of nation and language , he said , he looked instead at common values and attitudes , a process he referred to as mindset segmentation .
“ We did a value and attitude map , ” he said .
Mr. Yalman found that archetypes like Antonella , the type he called hedonistic , existed in all countries .
The Bubble of All Bubbles
When the government intervenes into the financial system , it disrupts the supply - and - demand balance , but eventually , true market forces can win out .
Months ago , a plan to use $ 300 billion to buy long - term bonds shocked the market like a cattle prod…sorry , I ’m always a commodities guy .
Remember back in March when the Federal Open Market Committee made a surprise announcement that it would spend Treasury funds to support long - term government bonds ?
This announcement rocked the world .
The 30 - year Treasury bond futures jumped almost 8 full basis points ( $ 8,000 per contract ) , sending rates crashing lower with the yield on the widely followed 10 - year note down to 2.5 % , from over 3 % in one day .
As a direct result , the dollar was smacked down nearly 500 pips ( $ 5,000 per contract ) , versus the euro currency .
This last - gasp financial plan to purchase and support the Treasury market was and is , at best , a short - term fix to prevent the bubble of all bubbles from bursting .
If we flash back to last fall , the stock market panic was driving some investors to guarantee a negative return on their money for the safety of the full faith and credit of the Federal Reserve .
That same money that ran to bonds in order to escape equities is in danger of unwinding and going on the move again – after all , money goes where it is treated best .
Do n’t believe me ?
Just ask Warren Buffett .
In his 2008 letter to shareholders Warren Buffet described the situation this way , “ When the financial history of this decade is written , it will surely speak of the Internet bubble of the late 1990s and the housing bubble of the early 2000s .
But the US Treasury bond bubble of late 2008 may be regarded as almost equally extraordinary . ”
The Fed ’s action follows similar tactics used by the Bank of England , which pledged up to 150 billion pounds toward buying its government bonds .
This quantitative easing of buying debt with newly printed money expands the deficit and , most importantly , is the match lighting for inflation .
According to Edward Chancellor ’s skeptical commentary in the Financial Times :
There is no question that a determined central bank can get rid of deflation .
It is simply a question of printing enough money .
Economists have another term to describe the monetization of government debt .
The history of “ seigniorage ” goes back to the debasement of the coinage under the Roman emperors .
Seigniorage is really a tax on holders of money and government debt which is paid via inflation .
When carried to excess , it leads to hyperinflation .
This leads to the eventual sale of accumulated bondholding by the government and the impending pop of the bubble , leaving greater financial issues in the long run .
Unnatural forces at work in the market can only serve to exacerbate the problem .
As witnessed by the market action in May , restless investors are searching for higher returns on their money than the pittance they chose to accept last fall for safety .
At that time , the dollar and Treasuries sold down to lows not previously seen in the last six months .
More selling is in the cards as an appetitive need for risk increases with general global market confidence .
Human nature will lead some to move money out of safety and chase higher returns in the fear of missing out on a stock market turnaround .
Emotion can be a great detrimental force and can disrupt a sound disciplined investment plan .
Do n’t miss this flow of funds !
How ?
By positioning yourselves in hard assets .
The unprecedented movement of funds into Treasuries was and is a concern – but it ’s also a huge opportunity when that money comes back into the market .
The numbers will be staggering .
The gold market moved over 40 % with just the spillover money seeking safety in the financial chaos .
When even a small portion of that moves into hard assets , the commodities bulls will be on the stampede again … for oil , gold , soybeans , silver , wheat , coffee , and more .
People will continue to drive , heat , eat , produce goods and services , and put the “ consume ” in “ consumer . ”
Conspicuous consumption may be out , but pent - up demand for goods we need has only been delayed , occasionally to extreme consequences .
Consider this example from the Associated Press :
Store Owner Gives Would - be Robber Bread and $ 40
SHIRLEY , N.Y .
( AP ) – A Long Island convenience store owner who was confronted by a bat - wielding would - be robber has shown mercy on the man by giving him a loaf of bread and $ 40 .
Convenience store owner Mohammad Sohail pulled a rifle to defend himself against the would - be thief , who then dropped to his knees and begged for forgiveness .
The man explained that he was battling economic hardship and was just trying to feed his family .
Sohail put down the rifle and gave the man $ 40 and a loaf of bread .
Another sign of economic transition was the jump in short - term rates a week ago , pricing in a quarter - point rate hike down the road .
In Agora Financial ’s Resource Trader Alert we ’ve been concentrating on the bond sell - off described above , and have been doing quite well with the Treasury unwinding .
However , the market is now acknowledging that rising rates are also something worth watching closely .
Keep an eye on movements in the dollar .
The dollar index weakness down to the December lows at 78 was not calmed by a rise in long - term yields .
The inevitability of the Fed eventually raising rates to address inflation fears strengthened the greenback back above 81 .
Stocks continued to extend their upward run 11 out of the last 13 weeks .
The major indices have been in the positive for 2009 .
Some consolidation and profit taking will likely take place after these new relative highs .
This next step forward will include some global demand rebound as life continues on for the billions around the world who are not money managers , bankers , or insurance executives mired by overleveraged portfolios and bad bets .
Commodities and things of real value should do very well .
This new upward phase in the asset market is taking place after a bottoming from the recent and unnatural price depression of vital resources that are consumed every day .
It all comes back to commodities .
Regards ,
Alan Knuckman
for The Daily Reckoning
Rush Limbaugh unleashed an exquisite blast of paranoia on Sean Hannity 's show last night , predicting that newspapers , television networks , and radio networks will all go bankrupt ( true ) , at which point Obama will personally take them over ( crazy ) .
It 's a fine bit of economic analysis on Limbaugh 's part :
The ad recession is killing the news media , so they all need loans from banks , and since Obama runs the banks ( he does n't ! ) , he will wield that influence to bail media companies out and bring them all to heel .
Which Obama would absolutely do , because he 's getting such shitty coverage these days .
Jens Lekman has contracted the H1N1 virus , which you might know as " swine flu " .
The pop auteur , who got the virus while on tour in South America earlier this month , is recovering back home in Sweden right now .
( via Inkiostro )
Lekman revealed his illness on his blog .
Apparently , he first started feeling sick on the flight home from Chile .
That sounds like a hellish experience , but Lekman seems pretty laid back about the whole thing :
* " I picked home one last souvenir from South America , it 's called the H1N1 virus .
Wrongfully known as the Swineflue .
" I was crossing the Atlantic when things started getting really bad , the fever was hallucinogenic and shaking me like a leaf and I grabbed the sleeve of the Air France steward .
' I 'm not feeling well , I should see a doctor ' I said and the reply came as a brilliant mix of death anxiety and french rudeness : ' Uh , yes ...
Terminal D... go there maybe ... when we land ' .
After that the stewards and stewardesses took long detours .
A ring of empty seats formed around me .
Peoples eyes were kind but determined , they read ' Poor you , I really wish you all the best but if you come near me or my kid I will have to stab you with this plastic fork ' .
I got up and went to the bathroom where I fainted .
Now I 'm in quarantine for ten days .
I can see the summer through my window and it 's just perfect .
Summer is always best through a window .*
Lekman is still scheduled to play Norway 's TrĂŚna Festival next month , as well as a pair of shows in Portugal .
Most people hit the gym , bike path or track because of what it does for their bodies .
But regular physical activity may have brain benefits as well .
Two studies recently presented at the Alzheimer 's Assn. 's International Conference on Alzheimer 's Disease in Vienna this week showed how exercise provides a boost to mental acuity .
In one , researchers looked at physical activity and results from a cognition test in 3,075 men and women aged 50 to 79 who were part of the Health , Aging and Body Composition Study .
Their levels of physical activity ( determined by how many minutes they walked per week ) and cognitive function were noted at the beginning of the study and at two , four and seven years .
Those who did n't develop dementia and maintained or increased their levels of exercise had substantially lower rates of cognitive decline than those who were more sedentary , or saw their physical activity decline .
In another study , 90 women aged 60 to 63 were asked to report how much strenuous and moderate recreational activity they did from high school through menopause .
The women were also given neuropsychological tests that measured memory and frontal lobe function .
Those who engaged in more moderate activity did better overall on brain function tests , and those who did more strenuous exercise throughout the years performed more poorly on the tests .
Researchers noted that though long - term strenuous exercise has a protective effect for breast cancer , it could have harmful effects on cognition , although larger - scale studies are necessary to better understand the implications for recommending activity and lifestyle regimens .
- Jeannine Stein
Photo credit : Stephen Osman / Los Angeles Times
By Rupert Wingfield - Hayes
BBC News , Moscow
Artist Ilya Glazunov agreed to put his painting right
Russia 's Prime Minister Vladimir Putin has been raising eyebrows by telling one of the country 's most famous artists how to paint better .
Visiting 79 - year - old artist Ilya Glazunov , Mr Putin stopped in front of a large painting of a medieval knight .
" The sword is too short , " he is reputed to have said .
" It 's only good enough for cutting sausage . "
Not wishing to displease his powerful guest , Mr Glazunov immediately agreed to correct his mistake .
Oligarch humiliated
In North Korea , they call it " on the spot guidance " .
It is when an all powerful - ruler drops by to give soldiers , scientists , farmers even artists advice on how to do their jobs properly .
However , it is not only artists that have been getting a tongue - lashing from Mr Putin .
Last week , he humiliated one of Russia 's richest men on live television .
He forced the billionaire businessman Oleg Deripaska to reopen an aluminium plant after protests by laid - off workers .
As the cameras rolled , Mr Putin threw his pen on the table and ordered Mr Deripaska to sign the paperwork .
It was a brilliant piece of political theatre .
The reaction of many Russians seems to have been delight that Mr Putin had brought one of Russia 's hated oligarchs to heel .
A city inspector dropped by the Bulldog Cafe Collective on Melrose Avenue last week to see if it was still in business .
It was .
Inside the spare , modern interior , dusky green marijuana buds were still displayed in plastic jars .
An owner who is often at the store tweezed whimsically named strains into small vials for customers .
The store near Hancock Park is among the first 14 medical marijuana dispensaries targeted for extinction by a City Council chagrined that it allowed hundreds to open in Los Angeles despite a 21 - month - old moratorium .
The inspections start the process to shut them down .
At least one , in Atwater Village , has already closed .
But others remain open , weighing their legal options .
City officials plan to decide this week on the next enforcement step .
Advertisement
On Monday , the council will accelerate its drive to roll back the number of dispensaries , holding hearings on 29 more .
“ We were trying to factor in a significant number so that we can make some headway , ” said Councilman Ed Reyes , the chairman of the planning committee .
“ I thought we were going too slow . ”
As the council embarks on this effort , it faces some obstacles .
The task is herculean , requiring hearings that could easily tie up the planning committee for hundreds of hours .
The hearings have been rocky , as council members have struggled with complicated issues and dispensary operators have complained that they were being railroaded .
And , if dispensaries refuse to buckle , the city could face costly court battles .
One of the Bulldog Cafe ’s owners , Anthony Folsom , said the rush to close dispensaries would hurt responsible businessmen and Los Angeles .
“ The city seems to be caving to political pressure , ” he said .
“ People who are in it for the right reason are going to get out , and what they are going to be left with is drug dealers . ”
Advertisement
The council wound up in this situation because it failed to act on dispensaries ’ applications for hardship exemptions from the moratorium .
That inaction , which lasted almost 17 months , encouraged dispensaries to open ; the city attorney ’s office had decided it could not take dispensaries to court until the council denied their applications .
In the last few months , applications poured in .
On June 9 , when the council voted to stop accepting them , there were about 550 .
The decision did not become effective until Tuesday .
By then , the total had hit 883 .
“ That ’s a huge number , ” Reyes said .
“ Thank God we stopped it . ”
Advertisement
The moratorium does not spell out what qualifies a dispensary for a hardship exemption , and the city attorney ’s office has advised the council only that its decisions must be fair and rational .
That vague advice led Councilman Richard Alarcon to warn recently that the city could find itself snarled in lawsuits .
“ This is a very dangerous road we ’re going down , ” he said .
“ It ’s going to cost us a ton of money . ”
Reyes has held just two hearings so far , on the Bulldog Cafe and New Age Wellness , a dispensary that has not yet opened in Venice .
They were marked by awkward moments .
Council aides presented some inaccurate and unverified information , and Reyes tried to silence the dispensaries ’ attorneys when they responded to it .
At one point , Stewart Richlin , the attorney for New Age Wellness , leaped up and cried out , “ I ’d like to challenge that .
That ’s hearsay within hearsay . ”
He kept interrupting until he made his point , which turned out to be correct .
Advertisement
Richlin and medical marijuana advocates were disturbed that Reyes allowed most speakers just one minute .
“ Gee , why should they give a full minute ? ” Richlin said recently .
“ What if they gave 10 seconds or two seconds ?
Then you could give your name , and they could say , ‘ Guilty , death sentence . ’
I mean this is a kangaroo court . ’ ”
Reyes made no apologies for the procedures .
“ It ’s not a debate .
It ’s a hearing , ” he said .
“ If it was a debate , I would never finish an item . ”
The council ’s decision to reject the applications from the Bulldog Cafe and New Age Wellness suggests it is unlikely to grant many exemptions .
Advertisement
The Bulldog Cafe , which originally opened in North Hollywood , was one of 186 dispensaries that met all of the city ’s requirements to operate during the moratorium .
But its owners say they were forced to move by their landlord , who received a letter from the Drug Enforcement Administration that threatened the landlord with felony charges .
The move required them to get a hardship exemption from the City Council to be allowed to open in a different location .
“ This , I think , is the classic hardship case , ” said Thomas J. Gray , the Bulldog Cafe ’s attorney .
Many of the city ’s legal dispensaries , possibly more than 50 , filed similar applications when their landlords evicted them after receiving DEA letters .
The council appears disinclined to give the letters much weight .
Advertisement
That dismays medical marijuana advocates who believe these dispensaries followed the rules .
“ I do n’t understand why the city is going to be hostile with them , ” said Dege Coutee , who runs the Patient Advocacy Network .
In denying the Bulldog Cafe ’s application , Reyes noted that the store had moved into the same block as the John C. Fremont library , calling that “ an overwhelming factor . ”
Cindy Chvatal , head of the Hancock Park Homeowners Assn. , said many parents whose children use the library and a nearby preschool have complained to her about the dispensary ’s location .
The city has not adopted an ordinance to control dispensaries and has no restrictions on where they can operate .
But , Reyes said , “ we have enough common sense to know what we want and do n’t want . ”
Advertisement
The council is considering a proposal to keep them 1,000 feet from libraries and other places children frequent .
New Age Wellness claimed as its hardship that it could not open before the moratorium because of uncertainty caused by federal raids and confusion over the city ’s proposed rules .
Its owners also said they are veteran healthcare professionals .
They said that they worked with city officials to plan their store on Rose Avenue so it would comply with any future ordinance and that they have spent at least $ 108,000 .
“ We have a lot at stake to lose , ” said Curt Moore , one of the owners .
Advertisement
But its location also sparked concerns .
Neighbors were already irritated by a nearby dispensary .
Whitney Blumenfeld , an aide to Councilman Bill Rosendahl , whose district includes Venice , urged the council to reject the “ build it first and ask for forgiveness later ” approach .
--
john.hoeffel@latimes.com
The results generated by the two different approaches for ancestral assessment were for the most part in accord .
it was the cranial vault rather than the facial characteristics that caused the discrepancy and this probably reflects a degree of intrapopulation variation , overlap , and genetic admixture
may have originated from groups not represented in the dataset .
In the European groups , the crania showed the greatest affinity with the Northern European and American White reference samples .
For the African groups , the crania demonstrated the greatest resemblance to the American Black reference samples of the nineteenth and twentieth centuries , perhaps reflecting a similar degree of genetic admixture in these populations .
What is also clear is that both males and females with affinities to African groups appear in both the high status Railway site and at Trentholme Drive .
Kylyssa Shay has successfully kept aquatic creatures for decades .
Her fish - care advice has been published in " Aquarium Fish Magazine . "
Learn how to care for your pet before you buy .
George Parrilla
Learn How to Care for Your Porcupine Puffer Fish Before You Bring Him Home
Porcupine puffers are engaging and intelligent cartoonish saltwater fish .
They usually learn to interact with their human caregivers in odd and engaging ways ; some even respond to eye contact by swimming up and begging for food !
Their engaging personalities combined with big eyes , chubby cheeks , and silly grins make them adorable pets .
While they get rather large and require a big aquarium , their care is easy compared to that of many saltwater fish .
They can handle fluctuations in PH , temperature , and salinity better than many other fish and do n't go on hunger strike as often in response to stress .
These fish are actually rather sturdy creatures as far as saltwater fish go , so long as you give them proper care .
If you maintain a healthy aquarium and feed your pet properly you can enjoy his antics for many years .
Also sometimes called balloonfish or porcupinefish , these fish are slow - moving and easy for divers to catch , making them readily available for purchase and relatively inexpensive compared to most other saltwater fish .
All of these qualities make them very popular in the aquarium trade .
This page will give you the basics on how to care for a porcupine puffer .
Please research any species of fish you plan to keep as a pet before you buy .
A happy , healthy Diodon holocanthus .
Kylyssa Shay
What Is the Minimum Tank Size for a Porcupine Puffer ?
The first thing to do before you buy a porcupine puffer is to make sure you have a big enough system to handle his size .
They are big and hefty fish that can reach an adult size of well over a foot long .
They are also often sloppy eaters who make a lot of waste .
When it comes to aquarium fish , porcupine puffers are like SUVs when it comes to fuel efficiency .
They go through a lot of fuel and they create a bunch of pollution .
As with all fish , you should always consider the adult size of the porcupinefish when deciding to put one in your marine aquarium .
To stay happy and healthy , his tank should be no smaller than 100 gallons , both so he has room to swim and to allow for enough biological filtration and water volume to handle his waste .
It is also much , much easier to keep a large saltwater fish tank than it is to keep a small saltwater fish tank .
The added volume creates greater stability so small changes do n't cause big problems nearly as quickly as they do in a smaller aquarium .
Bigger is better and extra gallons buy you time to tweak and and make corrections before your fish suffer from them .
Do n't bring your new pet home until you have a big , cycled saltwater aquarium to put him into .
Diodon holocanthus in home aquarium
How Do You Keep the Tank Clean Even Though They 're Messy Eaters ...
... and require extra work to keep clean ?
Because porcupine puffers create so much waste , be prepared to do a lot of water changes to remove this waste even if you have a plenum or other nitrate removing device in your aquarium .
I 'd recommend changing no less than 20 % of the tank 's water weekly to keep up with his waste production .
You can also keep the water cleaner by removing any uneaten food and any visible waste using a tank vacuum to suck it out .
If you feed frozen food , be sure to thaw the food thoroughly and discard any water it may have been packed in .
The melt water usually contains food juices that will spoil quickly in your display tank .
Some aquarists also claim that feeding dry food can create more waste problems as it is not as completely broken down by your fish 's digestive tract as fresh or frozen foods are .
This is part of the reason it's a good idea to house your puffer in the largest tank you can manage .
A larger water volume dilutes wastes better than a smaller water volume .
I 've found the use of a refugium filled with chaetomorpha macroalgae kept on a twenty - four hour light cycle helps a great deal with maintaining high water quality .
My Porky 's tankmates also enjoy eating the macroalgae that I harvest when it outgrows the hang - on - tank refugium .
Where Can I Buy A Porcupine Puffer ?
You can buy porcupine puffers in most pet stores that sell saltwater fish .
They can also be bought online , but I do not recommend it due to complications that can occur in shipping .
Trace Elements are Important to Porcupine Puffer Care .
Porcupine puffers are prone to developing deficiencies or thyroid issues if they they do n't get proper levels of trace elements found in seawater .
This is yet another reason frequent water changes are important to their health .
Frequent water changes help keep the levels of trace elements that are consumed by fish , plants , and invertebrates at the necessary levels .
If you also keep corals or rely on macroalgae filtration to minimize the frequency of water changes , it may be a good idea to supplement your tank with iodine per the instructions on whatever iodine supplement you purchase .
Maintaining proper levels of iodine is important for thyroid health in pufferfish .
Supplemental Iodine for Thyroid Health
When added as directed , iodine supplements can help keep your puffer 's thyroid healthy .
Iodine supplementation is also important to the health of corals and other fish you may keep with him as the iodine in saltwater is usually used up in saltwater more quickly than other trace elements .
While water changes can offset some of it , they can't offset enough unless they are done even more frequently than once a week .
Iodine supplementation will allow you to strike a better balance , keeping water quality high and trace elements at healthy levels without wasting salt mix or effort .
I like the Kent Marine iodine supplement both because it already comes in a diluted solution which allows for greater accuracy in dosing compared to concentrates like Lugol 's solution , and because I 've had excellent results with it .
Pretty much all of their marine and reef aquarium supplements are foolproof and easy to dose .
My porcupine puffer eating a crayfish
Do n't Forget
They 're Predators ...
... and invertebrates are on the menu , no matter how expensive they are .
Although their temperament is usually mild in regards to other fish , porcupine puffers are carnivores .
Snails , crabs and hermit crabs , clams , barnacles , and shrimp of all kinds are all part of their natural diet .
Never forget their predatory nature because some saltwater aquarium inhabitants might be seen as food rather than tank mates .
Even that fancy cleaner shrimp may look like a snack to your pufferfish .
Mobile invertebrates are almost all on his menu of favorite foods .
Corals , however , are a very individualized matter .
Some individuals will eat or bite some or all types of coral while others will leave coral alone .
Soft fleshy polyps of any sort are particularly tempting , even if not edible , and most balloonfish will take a little taste .
original photo of shellfish by K Rayker as generously shared on freeimages.com
What Do Porcupine Puffers Eat ?
They Love - and Need - Crunchy Invertebrates for Food
Porcupine puffers ' teeth continue to grow their entire lives .
Their teeth , sometimes referred to as beaks , must be ground down by the consumption of hard - shelled foods .
If your pet 's teeth become overgrown , he may become unable to eat and starve to death or require delicate dental surgery few veterinarians are willing or able to perform .
If you want to keep your puffer 's teeth ground down , be sure to feed him plenty of shell - on seafood , preferably at least a few times a week .
While many porkies will crunch on ground coral just for fun you can't count on all of them to do it enough to keep their teeth trimmed .
Balloonfish are not piscivores .
That means that , in nature , they do n't eat fish .
Do not feed fish , live or dead , to them .
Feeding fish to pork puffers may cause something called fatty liver disease , a usually fatal ailment .
Not only that but the nutrient balance found in fish is very different from that found in mollusks and crustaceans , their natural prey .
Feeding fish , especially live feeder fish , to your porcupine puffer can also unnaturally accustom him to eating fish , making him a danger to future tank mates .
Carefully read the ingredients of any prepared fish foods you give your pet .
Choose those with invertebrates such as shrimp , krill , squid , clams , or mussels listed as their first ingredient .
Avoid all prepared fish foods with any type of grain or fish meal listed first in the ingredients .
If you buy frozen seafood for your porky read the packaging to make sure it has no added preservatives or ingredients .
Fish are much more sensitive to odd chemicals than people are .
If you buy mussels or clams from the seafood counter , be sure they are closed up tight which indicates they are alive .
I prefer to let them sit in a bucket of used saltwater from a water change overnight to make sure they are alive and healthy before giving them to Porky .
Watch a Puffed Up Porcupine Puffer Deflate
This pufferfish parent was quick with his video camera and caught his young porky deflating .
I think it 's adorable !
The little damsel fish popping into view is pretty cute , too .
My Porky puffer partly puffed .
Natural Defense Mechanisms : Will My Balloonfish Puff Up ?
Porcupine puffers have a dual natural defense mechanism .
They are called puffers or balloonfish for a very good reason — they fill their bodies with water when frightened .
This causes their bodies to look huge and their spines to stick out .
Many a predator would change his mind when faced with a weird spiky ball instead of the fish he saw a moment ago or spit out a little morsel that suddenly sprouted sharp spines .
The fish in the picture , Porky , is only partly puffed .
It is very hard to photograph him in a puffed - up state as he comes swimming over begging for food as soon as he sees me , deflating along the way .
Do n't try to scare your pet into puffing , it 's very stressful to them when they puff in a panic .
Given time , you 'll eventually see him blown up like a balloon , an occurrence more frequent in very young specimens .
It is thought that they puff occasionally to keep their skin flexible and to clean off built - up debris that gets on their spikes which usually lay flat and mostly inside their skin .
Their other defense mechanism is having poisonous flesh .
Porcupine puffers have a deadly toxin in their internal organs called tetrodotoxin .
This makes it unlikely that a fish that eats one will ever eat another as dead things do n't eat .
Each moderate - sized balloonfish contains enough toxin to kill several human beings .
Oddly enough , the neuro - toxin found in their flesh is exactly what entices foolhardy gourmands to eat fugu , or sashimi made from pufferfish .
In very tiny quantities , the toxin causes tingling and euphoria — and sometimes death .
So , whatever you do , do n't eat your pet puffer !
How Much Do They Cost ?
You can expect to pay between $ 25 to $ 35 for a small porcupine puffer .
My pet Porky
How Long Do Porcupine Fish Live ?
The lifespan of Diodon holocanthus in the wild is unknown but with proper care , porcupine puffers can live at least 10 to 15 years in captivity .
As these fish are relatively slow - growing and take years to reach maximum size , and because of the large size of some specimens observed in the wild suggest it is likely that they have a similar maximum lifespan in the wild .
Your pet fish should outlast the average wild puffer , having the advantage of plentiful appropriate food , protection from predators , and treatment for parasites and diseases .
The disadvantage your fish will have is a small living area , even in the largest of tanks but your careful upkeep and attention to water quality can offset that stress .
My porcupinefish is now at least thirteen years old and going strong .
He 's never had any health problems aside from a few minor wounds he suffered from getting attacked by Grape Tang ( aka the Purple $ @$ & %$ # ) , the purple tang he shares a tank with .
Photo of Purple ( bleep ! ) , my purple tang and Porky 's tankmate of almost eight years .
They Don't Mind Tank Mates , But Never put Two of Them Together !
Like many species of saltwater fish , porcupine puffers should not be housed with others of their same species , which in the aquarium hobby are called con-specifics .
If you put more than one in the same tank it will likely lead to the death of one or both of the fish .
They are usually pretty mild - mannered towards other types of fish .
I 'd suggest avoiding very tiny fish which , although porc puffers are n't piscivores , might be mistaken for food .
I 'd also suggest avoiding anglers and frogfish as tank mates .
The little worm - like wiggling lure atop their heads would be too much for any carnivorous fish to resist .
Lionfish are often paired with porcupinefish but it's a combination I do not approve of .
Lionfish have a tendency to stab any fish that frightens them with their venomous spines and pufferfish can seem intimidating due to their excessive curiosity .
Large species of fish make the best tank mates .
Tangs , angels , eels , engineer gobies , foxfish , and squirrelfish all make good tank mates for the puffer .
Medium sized fish that get along well with balloonfish include hawkfish , large clownfish , and wrasses .
Most invertebrates other than corals will be seen as food and some fleshy coral polyps will be as well .
My porcupine puffer lives with a Regal Tang and a Purple Tang ( pictured ) in a tank with a frogspawn coral , encrusting montipora , several fungia coral , a favia coral , zoanthids , and an elegance coral .
Porky the fish being cute
They Have Cute Personalities , Too !
Porcupine puffers are one of the most personable types of saltwater fish .
They quickly learn to come to those who feed them .
They can also learn that doing a little dance or spitting water above the surface can get your attention and may earn treats .
However , do n't give in to their begging too often as overfeeding can cause serious health problems .
This little guy , my Porky , is at the surface begging for food .
Questions & Answers
Question :
Are porcupine puffers poisonous to the touch ?
Answer : I am unsure , though it 's important not to touch them because your skin oils or any soap or chemical residues on your hands can hurt them .
Generally speaking , things that are toxic need to be kept out of your mouth , but toxins can enter through cuts or any other broken skin .
Another reason to never touch a puffer is that they can bite your finger off .
Question : How big was your porcupine Porky at thirteen ?
Answer : Porky was about nine inches long at thirteen , and never grew any bigger .
He died at seventeen at the same size .
Question :
How big was Porky the porcupine puffer when you got him and how long did it take him to get to nine inches ?
Answer : Porky was about three inches long when I got him and he reached nine inches in length in about six or seven years .
He grew quickly at first but slowed down .
He was about ten inches long when he died .
I had him over fourteen years .
Question :
Why did you give your tang a curse word for a name ?
Answer : I named my purple tang a curse word for part of his name ( and very , very seldom use it ) because he 's very aggressive and aggressively annoying to any fish he 's big enough to bully .
I usually just call him " Purple " or " Grape . "
Question :
Have you replaced your puffer with a new one ?
Answer :
No , I have n't replaced my puffer .
He was too much of a pet to get another of the same sort .
It would be too much like getting a nearly identical cat to " replace " one that passed away to me .
I may one day get another puffer , but I 'd probably want a different type .
His purple tang companion still survives and I 'm planning to add a few fish others post as unwanted on a local reef aquarium board .
Question :
What food did you feed him ( specific food brands and names ) and what size tank did you house him in ?
Answer : I housed Porky in a 100 gallon tank .
I fed him clams , mussels , shrimp , crabs , snails , crayfish , octopus , squid , krill , ulva macroalgae , and sometimes other fresh / frozen / freeze dried raw sea foods .
The brand does n't matter , just the absence of preservatives .
Just think of it as food instead of something that you buy that 's labeled fishfood .
Human grade seafood is so much cheaper , fresher , and higher quality than anything you 'll buy at a pet store .
You can even buy live clams and mussels at seafood counters in some stores .
I also like to feed the mixed frozen seafood you can buy in some Asian grocery stores .
It contains a seasonal mix of things like shrimp , prawns , crab , octopus , clams , and mussels .
It 's tasty for humans , too .
Just read the label for preservatives and do n't buy if a food uses any .
© 2009 Kylyssa Shay
Gordon Brown on October 19 , 2019 :
Its sad that Porky has passed away but it sounds like he had a good life .
Kylyssa Shay ( author ) from Overlooking a meadow near Grand Rapids , Michigan , USA on May 20 , 2017 :
Is your blue spotted puffer a sharp - nosed puffer , maybe a Canthigaster papau ?
There are no guarantees , but they would probably work out as tankmates so long as there 's plenty of live rock to hide in and the tank is big .
Nick on May 17 , 2017 :
Will it be ok with other puffers that are not porcupines ?
I have a blue dotted puffer .
Kylyssa Shay ( author ) from Overlooking a meadow near Grand Rapids , Michigan , USA on May 02 , 2017 :
His teeth are likely still being ground down so long as you are serving the shrimp with their shells on .
Another way to grind his teeth down is to feed him some sinking pellet food that is big enough for him to notice , but small enough he has to bring some crushed coral from tank floor into his mouth with it when he picks it off the bottom .
Distract him from it while dropping a few pieces of it on the other side of the tank to allow it to sink to the crushed coral on the bottom .
Yet another way to be sure his teeth are getting ground is to buy some natural , unbleached , un - dyed seashells and stuff them with whatever he likes to eat .
Even if your puffer likes getting petted , do n't do it .
Your skin oils and hand soap residue can hurt his delicate skin as he has no scales to protect him and his slime coating is weak .
If that 's not enough to deter you , please realize he can literally take one of your fingers off if he 's big enough .
Teri on April 30 , 2017 :
I have a porcupine who does like to be petted .
but do have a concern if anyone can answer he does n't seem to like eating anything other that fresh shrimp have placed fresh clams as well as mussels and he only wants the shrimp how do we know if his teeth are not being grounded down enough ?
he is still a baby but still concerned
Kylyssa Shay ( author ) from Overlooking a meadow near Grand Rapids , Michigan , USA on December 26 , 2016 :
Like most other fish , porcupine puffers do not like to be petted .
It could injure their skin and get you bitten .
Went Brown on December 23 , 2016 :
Do they like being petted ?
Leidy on February 07 , 2015 :
I ate fugu in Japan at a specialty fugu renutarast in Osaka -- but also have eaten bits of fugu in Hong Kong .
At no time did I get that tingly sensation that I was expecting -- and hoping -- to have ...
Ah well !
But , OTOH , I guess I should thank my lucky stars I did n't get sick from eating bits of the fish as well ! :D
Kylyssa Shay ( author ) from Overlooking a meadow near Grand Rapids , Michigan , USA on October 30 , 2014 :
That 's a great idea .
I used to feed mine with a turkey baster .
When he gets a bit bigger you will want to become fast with it and get it out quickly .
My Porky eventually bit the end off getting overexcited at feeding time but he was much bigger than your little guy is now .
It was OK though because he just spat the plastic back out in little bits .
I do all the fun leading him with the food outside the glass sides and drop it into his open mouth from the top when he comes up to beg now .
It 's just as enjoyable and everybody gets to keep all their fingers .
You are going to enjoy your little guy so much .
Porcupine puffers say cute forever and develop more complex and entertaining behaviors as they get older .
Christine brooks on October 30 , 2014 :
Thank you for your advice .
I will try a turkey baster instead if you think that 's ok because he seems to know when i am feeding him and waits for my finger to go in the water with food on
Kylyssa Shay ( author ) from Overlooking a meadow near Grand Rapids , Michigan , USA on October 29 , 2014 :
It is unwise .
His teeth will soon be able to crush clams and the wee bones in your fingers are n't much more substantial .
Your pet is a wild animal and he may well bite you eventually .
While they can learn some things , they just are n't smart enough to learn to never bite you .
Christine brooks on October 29 , 2014 :
I have a baby porcupine puffer .
He id approximately 2 inches long and he likes being hand fed but does tend to bite my finger .
Is this unwise as he is obviously going to get bigger as are his teeth or will he learn to be more gentle .
He has n't broken skin yet .
Kylyssa Shay ( author ) from Overlooking a meadow near Grand Rapids , Michigan , USA on July 04 , 2014 :
@spuddy123 : About all you can do for a stressed out or sick fish that does n't have any infections is to give him supportive treatment like immaculate water quality , fresh food , and steady , appropriate water temperatures .
Keep his tank water extremely clean with no detectible nitrates , nitrites , or ammonia .
Keep his PH around 8 .
Keep his water temperature between 75 and 80 degrees .
Feed him thawed , invertebrate - based frozen fish food or things like chopped up fresh shrimp , mussels , clams , or crayfish until his appetite comes back .
Good luck with your puffer .
spuddy123 on July 04 , 2014 :
I need help we took our porcupine to a garden center to be put in a bigger tank they mistreated him so we brought him home know he just floats on the top and his eyes are cloudy what should I do .
agiffey on March 24 , 2014 :
Very interesting .
Thanks for info .
Kylyssa Shay ( author ) from Overlooking a meadow near Grand Rapids , Michigan , USA on March 22 , 2014 :
@agiffey :
They crunch the shell into shards and somehow manage to spit out all of the inedible fragments .
They chomp as much meat as they can reach out of a half shell then start crunching up the shell to get to the last of it .
I 'd like to know what exactly goes on in their mouths because they can pick up tiny pieces of food with a mouthful of substrate and only spit out substrate through their gill openings !
The really strange thing is to watch Porky eat a small crayfish .
He sucks in part , chomping , spits it back just a little , then sucks in the whole thing and spits out all the parts he does n't want through his gill slits .
I have no idea how he sorts stuff inside like that .
agiffey on March 22 , 2014 :
Curious how the puffers actually eat the small clams .
Even clams on the half shell .
Do they just crack them open with their teeth and eat the whole thing ?
Or just try to scrape the meat from the shell ?
Kylyssa Shay ( author ) from Overlooking a meadow near Grand Rapids , Michigan , USA on March 06 , 2014 :
@bonesindecay :
You could have it ready right away if you use water from your cycled 100 gallon and attach the Eheim right to the quarantine tank .
Hypo-salinity needs to be phased in slowly .
You start at a normal salinity and slowly decrease it briefly to around 1.010 .
I 'll have to hunt up the instructions for that .
I 've had my fish so long have n't had to quarantine anything but macroalgae for probably ten years .
I 'd suggest you treat both the display tank and the quarantine tank with a reef - safe ich - treatment .
You 'll really enjoy the chromis because they are such neat schoolers .
In time , you can train them to come to you for food and they all come swimming to you at once .
They also do n't tend to get nasty or annoying like damsels .
bonesindecay on March 05 , 2014 :
@ Kylyssa :
Thanks for the reply .
I have a spare 10 gallon tank and a small canister filter I could use for quarantine .
How long do you recommend I cycle the quarantine tank before it 's safe to put fish in the quarantine tank ?
Also how long do you recommend doing the hypo- salinity & quarantine before adding the tang and any fish to the main tank ?
Is n't it more risky putting these fish in a smaller tank ?
They can still get stressed out because it 's too small right ?.
I do plan on getting a baby Porky and a baby tang .
I was thinking I should probably exchange the 4 damsels in my tank right now for a couple chromas since you told me they can be butt heads to the blue tang .
Thanks again for your advice .
Kylyssa Shay ( author ) from Overlooking a meadow near Grand Rapids , Michigan , USA on March 05 , 2014 :
@bonesindecay : Yellow tangs are easier to take care at first of but tend to be a bit more aggressive than blue ones .
By aggressive I mean they tend to bully other fish and nip fins even when it might be suicidal and the one I had was a terror on corals and decorative shrimps as well .
I gave her away after she killed a big , beautiful foxface fresh out of quarantine , cut his abdomen right open .
My experience with all the Zebrasoma tangs is that they can be nippy little jerks .
My purple is nicer than the yellow was but he still has the name Purple ( bleep ) because he picks on Porky and the Hippo .
Hippo tangs are harder to care for at first and are susceptible to ich but you can use hypo - salinity in the quarantine tank and nip it in the bud before adding it to your display tank .
Everyone I know who has a blue agrees that once you get your blue past its first six months in captivity it 's a sturdy critter .
Mine 's been crazy healthy for the last ten years , even surviving a really big bite out of her cheek from the Purple ( bleep ) tang about four years ago .
Yellows are only slightly less susceptible to ich and seem slightly more susceptible to what they call black ich .
The bottom line is that all tangs are ich magnets , there 's only different levels of degree .
Blue tangs are really calm and pretty smart once they 're a year or so old , even feeding off the surface and taking tidbits from your hand in time .
In my experience , blues do better at adapting to a wide variety of foods and seem to eat heartily quite quickly and yellows sometimes do n't .
One weird thing about adding a blue tang is this - if you have a yellow and blue damsel , the damsel may get really aggressive with the blue tang .
The yellow and blue damsels do n't seem to know that the blue tangs are n't conspecifics .
It might not seem like a damsel can do much to a blue tang but they can harry and annoy the poor thing until it stops eating or gets infected from the nips .
So I would n't do a blue tang with a yellow / blue damsel .
You 'd probably do better with a tang than a wrasse , especially with the clown in there .
I 'd keep the Eheim going permanently .
You can always use it to stick a sponge filter into mature for you to use in a quarantine or hospital tank and a little extra filtration is never a bad thing even if you do n't .
It looks like your email went straight to the Spam filter .
Yahoo mail can be a pain like that .
Anyway , I think you 've got a nice looking set - up going and it's going to be awesome once everybody gets settled in .
bonesindecay on March 05 , 2014 :
Hello Kylyssa , Hope all is well with you .
My 100 gallon has been going for almost a month .
I have my refuge set up in my 15 gallon tank .
I have it set up by the siphon method beside the main tank
The timing of the siphon and my return pump has been stable .
I recently purchased a protein skimmer , the Eshopps PSK 100H .
The skimmer seems to be working really well .
I have 6 small damsels in the tank right now for about 5 days now and they are doing well .
I do have a couple more questions for you though .
In about 1 to 2 months I plan on getting the Porky Puffer as well as an engineer goby or a large gold stripe maroon clownfish .
But I am debating over getting a blue hippo tang or a yellow tang .
I have read that most tangs are susceptible to ich and the blue tang is one of the worse .
Most say the yellow tang is easier to take care of .
What are your thoughts about the blue vs the yellow ?
Also I was considering getting a Lunar Wrasse .
But I 'm skeptical because I read that they are supper aggressive and I would n't want the wrasse freaking out and nipping at the puffer 's eyes or other fish ... etc .
What do you think about me getting a wrasse ?
Or should I just keep it to having a Puffer , Yellow tang , large maroon clownfish , and damsels in my tank ?
I am still running my Eheim 2217 canister filter .
Do you think I should still run the filter or stop ?
My tank is filled with about 1 / 2 live rock , 1 / 2 fake rock and live sand .
I only have a few sponges in my refuge , so If I take away the canister filter I 'm not sure if it will be a good idea .
I have some photos of my set up that I emailed you .
Thank you for your time .
Jared
Kylyssa Shay ( author ) from Overlooking a meadow near Grand Rapids , Michigan , USA on February 11 , 2014 :
@bonesindecay :
It will certainly help .
I highly recommend cheatomorpha macro-algae for your refugium .
It sucks out nitrates like crazy and you can feed the extra to your tang when it outgrows the refugium .
It also does n't go " sexual " and have die - off like the caulerpas do .
bonesindecay on February 11 , 2014 :
@ Kylyssa : I am putting together a refugium with an old 15 gallon tank I had .
I hope that will be good enough .
Thanks for your help kylyssa
Kylyssa Shay ( author ) from Overlooking a meadow near Grand Rapids , Michigan , USA on February 10 , 2014 :
@bonesindecay : I think that 's an awful lot of bio - load for that size of a tank without some extra water volume and / or filtration .
Engineer gobies get to be a foot long or even a bit more sometimes .
The blue / yellow damsels stay tiny so multiples of them would likely be fine but I 'd recommend only one three - stripe damsel ( they get bigger and may get aggressive with each other ) if you go that way .
Any type of damsel will be fine with the puffer as he 's likely going to be a lot less aggressive than you may think .
They eat mostly invertebrates in nature and wo n't bother with even small fish unless confused or very hungry .
I actually used to use my tank with Porky and the engineer as a tank to put injured fish into to recover because both were very mild fish .
Porky takes food from the mouths of fish whose faces he could bite off if he were n't careful .
Some damsels may pick at the engineer goby .
Engineer gobies are mild mannered fish when it comes to fish too big to fit in their mouths .
Engineer gobies tend to hide from any confrontation but they can become friendly enough to hand feed .
A ten gallon change per week is a very small change for a heavily occupied 100 gallon aquarium .
Such small water changes can be OK if you have a vegetable filter such as a refugium full of macro- algae but I would n't recommend it if you just have the tank .
The EHEIM 2217 is a good filter for a moderately stocked 100 gallon tank .
Even though Eheim claims it 's good for much larger tanks , if you compare the volume , amount of media space , and the liters - per - hour of turnover with other brands such as Fluval and see what tank sizes they are rated for , you 'll see the Eheim is rated with a very different standard .
The Eheim 2217 is a great filter and would be perfect for a moderately stocked 100 gallon , though .
bonesindecay on February 10 , 2014 :
@ Kylyssa : Thank you for the info .
My name is Jared .
I have the 100 gallon with water live rock and sand in it now .
In a couple months I was thinking of getting the Octopus HOB BH 2000 protein skimmer ( especially when the porky is in the tank ) .
I am using a EHEIM 2217 canister filter .
I can't afford a sump or refugium set up right now .
Maybe in the future .
I will try to keep the tank clean as possible and change 10 gallons a week .
I think I will start out with some damsels .
Then get the puffer , a blue hippo tang and a couple engineer gobies .
What do you think ?
Also you recommended me to get a couple 3 striped damsels in the email you sent me .
Are those really aggressive ?
Would n't it be better to get some blue / yellow damsels ?
If the puffer decided to eat them it would n't bother me much .
Thank you for your time .
Jared
Kylyssa Shay ( author ) from Overlooking a meadow near Grand Rapids , Michigan , USA on February 08 , 2014 :
@bonesindecay :
If you have n't bought the tank yet , you may wish to consider something a little larger .
If you already have the tank , I 'd suggest a very large refugium or sump under the tank to add water volume .
An over - powered protein skimmer would be in order , too .
You can put it in the extra - large sump or refugium .
Any damsels or chromis that survive will stay small and wo n't add too much to the tank 's bio -load but both porcupine puffers and Picasso triggers get big and hefty .
It still seems like an awfully large bio -load for a 100 gallon .
Think about how long and how thick a foot - long fish is .
Also keep in mind the trigger will grow much faster than the porcupine puffer so you 'll probably want to start out with a porcupine puffer much larger than the trigger .
That should also help from a cost standpoint as large porcupine puffers are relatively inexpensive and small Picasso triggers are much cheaper than large ones .
bonesindecay on February 08 , 2014 :
Hello , I 'm new here .
First off I would like to say that Kylyssa wrote a very good article on the porcupine puffer .
The porcupine puffer is an awesome fish !
Unfortunately the porky puffer would not do well in my 30 gallon .
I have had a 30 gallon nano cube salt water tank for over 3 years with a maroon clown fish , a damsel and the tank is good .
I am currently upgrading to a 100 gallon tank because I have fell in love with the porcupine puffer .
I have done a lot of research and had mixed reviews on the porcupine purffer .
My question is will it be able to handle the porky be able to handle my 100 gallon tank even when it is full grown with the fish I plan to add to my add to my aquarium ?
I was thinking of having about 5 blue / yellow damsels , 5 chromas , a Picaso Trigger and of course the PUFFER .
( Im not worried about the puffer or trigger eating the damsles and chromas )
Trust me I will make sure the tank is clean .
If anyone can reach out and give me any advice that would make my day .
Thank you
Amy Trumpeter from Oxford on October 11 , 2013 :
Looks really cool !
Stephanie Tietjen from Albuquerque , New Mexico on December 07 , 2012 :
He kinda looks like a Furby without the ears .
Great info - I 'd like to have one someday .
mdarbyvancouver on June 15 , 2012 :
@ Kylyssa : Thanks , Kylyssa !
Floyd , our groupie ...er ... grouper is at about 6 " - 7 " now and we are currently in the process of getting a much larger tank .
The p.puffers I 've seen locally appear to be about 3 - 4 " .
We 're not rushing out to get him as we still need to prepare a much larger tank .
Again , thanks for the advice !
Kylyssa Shay ( author ) from Overlooking a meadow near Grand Rapids , Michigan , USA on June 15 , 2012 :
@mdarbyvancouver :
As with any combination of fish in a tank together there are no absolute guarantees they will get along .
However , as long as the porcupine puffer is substantially bigger ( when not puffed ) than the grouper 's mouth they stand a good chance of getting along .
One concern to keep in mind is that the grouper , if it has n't reached its adult size of close to two feet long , will grow very fast in comparison to the porky puffer ( my porcupine puffer continues to grow after having him eight years and he 's only just reached 8 " long ) so you 'll want to start with a porcupine puffer already too big to be swallowed by a full - grown panther grouper .
Porcupine puffers are actually pretty mild - mannered and slow - moving so you may have to hand feed him ( it 's fun anyway ) or risk overfeeding your grouper to get enough food into your porky .
Good luck !
mdarbyvancouver on June 14 , 2012 :
WoW !
Great info and great advice !
One question : do porky puffers and panther groupers get along ?
Just askin ' as we have a panther grouper ( also very playful and very social ) and want to bring in a p.puffer .
Thank you !
belinda342 on May 12 , 2012 :
What an adorable looking fish .
Makes me wish my son had gone with a saltwater tank instead of fresh water .
Lorelei Cohen from Canada on April 24 , 2012 :
The porcupine puffer certainly is a very unique fish which comes with it 's own very distinct care rules .
Wise advice .
Rose Jones on April 12 , 2012 :
Very cute lens , enjoyable .
Sent out to Stumbleupon and Google plus , so that others can read this !
Indigo Janson from UK on December 16 , 2011 :
This is excellent advice for anyone considering a porcupine puffer .
It 's easy to see why people would rush to buy one , they look so cute and we are all fascinated with the puffing trick too , but they are living beings with their own particular requirements and it is important to stop and consider first whether you can give a puffer the care it needs .
Lorelei Cohen from Canada on November 05 , 2011 :
Yikes , the porcupine puffer looks like a scary little fish when it gets upset .
It is definitely a very distinctive fish so I can see why people would enjoy having one as a pet .
fish_problems on October 12 , 2011 :
This is a really well put together lens about porcupine puffers !
There 's a lot of great info :)
I 'm glad you mentioned that people should never scare their puffers just so they will puff up - I can't tell you how many times I 've had to explain to guests that I will not make our puffers puff just so they can see it .
LouiseKirkpatrick from Lincolnshire , United Kingdom on August 14 , 2011 :
Porcupine Puffers look like very funky fish !
An excellent and informative lens blessed by this Squid Angel as part of the " Back To School Bus Trip " !
Nathalie Roy from France ( Canadian expat ) on August 10 , 2011 :
Your porcupine puffer looks like Gollum in the last picture !
Maybe you can make him famous : )
I have a fish tank at home , but not saltwater .
I would certainly consider buying a puffer fish if I ever make the move to salt water .
Blessed
Wanda Fitzgerald from Central Florida on May 29 , 2011 :
These fish are so unique .
Right now I have a small fresh water tank but maybe someday .....
missbat on September 17 , 2010 :
I believe I saw a porcupine puffer when I was in hospital once .
I always wondered what it was .
It certainly liked to come right up against the glass when it thought I was looking at it .
Thanks for solving that mystery !
They 're pretty cute fish and thanks for all the tips you 've shared about keeping them !
Jeanette from Australia on February 22 , 2010 :
Too cute !
What an informative lens .
strayspay on January 26 , 2010 :
Wonderful lens - Five stars .
I love the information about the Puffer .
VarietyWriter2 on December 06 , 2009 :
Lots of great info .
Love the magnets and buttons from your store too !
norma-holt on June 13 , 2009 :
Nice lens and thought provoking for carers of them .
It is very topical and well written .
Beas on June 02 , 2009 :
Never heard of these marine hedgehogs , they look really cool and I find the facts you told very entertaining .
About them being intelligent and some people eating them just like the fugu fish .
Great job !
***** and favorited
x3xsolxdierx3x lm on May 26 , 2009 :
This lens was fun , Kylyssa :) 5 stars headed your way ;) ( * scrolling up to the top of the page * now ) lol
anonymous on May 25 , 2009 :
very good lens with a lot of great advice .
Angel Blessings to you !
anonymous on May 23 , 2009 :
Hey !
Didn't I see these guys in " Finding Nemo " ?
The Party Animal from Partytown USA on May 23 , 2009 :
Funny I am reading this - we had a puffer fish in our tank that was aggressive and literally took a bite out of one of the other fish - of course that fish died .
My husband watched the whole thing take place .
So this week my husband found it a new home with a fish tore employee and may all the other fish in my tank be happy while their fins all grow back .
Deb Kingsbury from Flagstaff , Arizona on May 21 , 2009 :
This is great !
Porky is very photogenic .
MikeMoore LM on May 21 , 2009 :
Love those pictures .
You 're right , they 're extremely cute for a fish .
You also did a magnificent job on this lens , giving you five stars from me .
Brookelorren LM on May 21 , 2009 :
I had never heard of this type of fish before .
Microsoft 's new plans to enhance its Xbox 360 video game console 's potential as a home entertainment hub may ultimately put pressure on Apple to improve the Apple TV , if revelations at this week 's E3 conference in Los Angeles are any indication .
At a Monday press conference before the start of the gaming trade show that officially kicks off Tuesday , Microsoft unveiled a roster of new games , exclusives , and other details about the future of its Xbox 360 video game console .
Some of those details involve the Xbox 360's ability to deliver video and audio entertainment to families , rather than just games .
People have often asked me why I do n't have an Apple TV , and the simple answer is because I do n't need one .
I have an Xbox 360 , and it can serve up digital photos , video , and audio from networked Macs using software like Connect360 from Nullriver Software or Rivet from Cynical Peak Software .
( I use similar software to interface my Mac with my PlayStation 3 , too . )
If I had a Windows Media Center PC I could link that using built - in software on the Xbox .
And Microsoft's Xbox Live online service offers video purchases and rentals , same as the Apple TV .
Microsoft VP
John Schappert revealed his company 's plans to extend those non-game capabilities at Monday 's press conference .
The video shop for purchasing and renting digital movies for the Xbox 360 will be rebranded " Zune Video , " after the company 's portable media player ( and ostensible iPod competitor ) , and video content soon will be served is 1080 progressive ( 1080 p ) format .
This will mark a big quality improvement for Xbox 360 users using high - end HDMI - equipped HDTV sets .
1080 p is better than either Xbox Live now , or the iTunes Store 's current HD offerings , both of which are limited to 720p .
Microsoft is also calling this video " Instant On 1080 p HD " -- the content does n't need to wait to download before you can start watching it , bringing the experience more in line with what iTunes Store users have long experienced , but at a higher resolution .
Microsoft is also expanding the availability of movie rentals and purchases for the " Zune Video " store , from eight countries to 18 , making more video available to more Xbox 360 users around the world .
It 's still a far cry from Apple 's iTunes Store reach , but Microsoft has found content providers who want to reach as many paying customers as they can , and that 's bound to turn up the heat on Apple to find new , exclusive content it can sell or rent to its users .
Microsoft is trying to make even passive entertainment like watching a TV or movie more social .
The company is adding the ability to sit with your friends -- well , their Xbox Live avatars at least -- and watch videos together .
You see them movie theater - style , with their backs facing you -- similar to the Mystery Science Theater 3000 show .
You wo n't be interrupted by their cell phones , either .
Schappert also announced new strategic alliances , including sports from The Sky Network .
( Oh , please , let me watch rugby matches on my Xbox 360 , Sky and Microsoft , so I can do the haka along with the All Blacks in the privacy of my living room . )
The company is expanding the Xbox 360's social networking capabilities by adding support for Facebook and Twitter , as well , so you can stay in touch with your friends as you 're playing games .
And popular music - based social networking service Last.fm will soon be supported on the Xbox 360 , so you can let people know what tunes you 're listening to .
All of these efforts -- social networking , more video and audio programming , better quality -- add up to a more well - rounded entertainment experience for Xbox 360 users .
This only widens the gap between the relatively dedicated - purpose Apple TV and other home entertainment devices in the same price range .
Hopefully Apple will find a way to narrow the gap - - not by making the Apple TV a game console , I think that would be a big mistake -- but by continuing to improve and expand the other entertainment services it offers , and by keeping the iTunes Store competitive with the increasingly complicated digital entertainment landscape .
This story , " Xbox 360 Service Improvements Put Apple TV to Shame " was originally published by Macworld .
ANDERSON , S.C. , July 30 ( UPI ) --
A South Carolina boat and tractor dealer is offering an unusual promotion on its marquee : " Free AK - 47 With Purchase . "
Henry Jordan , a partner in Carolina Tractor and Marine in Anderson , said he got the idea to offer free assault rifles with major purchases from a Fox News Channel story about a Missouri car dealership that offered a similar promotion , WHNS -TV , Greenville , S.C. , reported Thursday .
Advertisement
" We thought , ' You know what ?
Every man ought to have a fishing boat , a pickup truck and a tractor and they certainly need a good gun to protect themselves and their family , ' " Jordan said .
" We believe in the 2nd Amendment .
We believe , in fact , it 's a man 's responsibility to protect his family . "
Anderson County Sheriff John Skipper said he has no problem with the promotion , which runs until Labor Day .
" The AK - 47 is a gun that anybody can purchase as long as they qualify , " Skipper said .
" I think any gun in the hands of a responsible person is worth having . "
The AK - 47 became legal for private citizens to own after a federal assault weapons ban expired in 2004 .
Invited Talks
ACM SIGPLAN 2010 Workshop on Partial Evaluation and Program Manipulation
We are proud to present the following two invited talks :
Lennart Augustsson ( Standard Chartered Bank , UK ) : O , Partial Evaluator , Where Art Thou ?
Abstract : Partial evaluation is now a quite old idea , and it has been implemented many times .
Partial evaluation is also very widely applicable ; almost every problem in computing could use it .
But widely used partial evaluators are nowhere to be seen .
Why is that ?
In this talk I will give some examples of where I have used partial evaluation during 15 years of using Haskell commercially .
I will give my wish list for a partial evaluator I could actually use ( instead of rewriting it over and over ) , and also contrast this with what is done in the research community .
" Jesus had it backwards ( at least where a technological singularity is concerned ) .
For the very richest will have the best chance of all passing through that particular needle 's eye -- at least up to and until the final threshold .
At that point they may realize leaving everyone else behind was not the best survival strategy after all . "
-- J.R. Mooneyham , 2005
Introduction
Please see part one for background information relating to Vernor Vinge and his technological singularity concept .
Alvin Toffler has speculated that advances in technology ( and their related effects ) are striking us in successive waves .
I see no reason to expect that a technological singularity ( should it occur at all ) would be any different in that particular respect .
In other words , I would expect us to undergo such a singularity in something approximating discrete stages .
With Vinge 's own described singularity based on wondrous ( or terrible ) artificial intelligences representing the last of all .
Although I do n't recall Vinge himself using the terms , his descriptions of a possible singularity sound much like the bifurcation points of dissipative structures .
In that the experience could go either way ( bad or good ) .
In my Rise and fall of star faring civilizations in our own galaxy I propose that there exists a 600 or so year long gauntlet for races like ours , wherein we typically destroy ourselves or at least so damage our civilization that we never end up making much of an impression on the rest of the galaxy .
And that this would explain the silence in the heavens experienced so far .
In this page I will outline what I believe may represent some significant milestones in any rolling technological singularity .
And how these may relate to the challenges of the gauntlet .
Just as in Rise and fall , I expect these major elements to often blend into one another , and perhaps at times occur simultaneously ( at least in some ways ) .
But in general I expect the developments to come about in a chronological order somewhat like that presented below .
However , it 's also true that some of the stages listed below may never happen at all -- for they depend on the path chosen by society in the previous technological wave .
For instance , the dreadful Powers minority described below might never emerge , or else be long delayed , depending upon the decisions of society in the preceding stages .
The social singularity
If permitted to become fully realized worldwide the potent mix of the internet , personal computers , mobile phones , and other related devices could well produce radical changes in the nature of the state , work , and warfare in only a few generations .
But full realization may not be allowed by the powers that be , as they realize related changes could massively reduce their stature and influence .
The progress of the human race could be delayed by decades or even centuries as existing governments and multi-national corporations squelch certain developments they feel to be threatening to their own aims .
As of 2005 it 's impossible to predict the outcome of this struggle between what is and what wants to be .
The security singularity
This phenomenon looks to be taking place almost simultaneously with the social singularity -- tending to lag in effect only a bit as of 2005 .
This approximate simultaneity of the two stages makes the security singularity doubly dangerous for humanity , as the very entities most threatened by social change may also see security excesses as key to their survival .
And the social singularity itself will be producing new temptations in technologies for realizing such excesses on almost a daily basis .
The world may be further endangered by the reaction of the masses to the social singularity .
For they may basically wish to slow down the pace of change for the simple reason that mounting stress , confusion , and uncertainty is wreaking havoc with their lives .
Thus , they might be easily persuaded by leaders in government and business to go along with new excesses in security measures .
A new and potent terrorist strategy will be prone to making governments , business , and individuals go overboard on security and surveillance measures -- and these measures will only strengthen this particular type of terror , leading to a downward spiral overall for civilization unless it can pull itself back from the brink and accept that a certain level of risk is essential for a free and advancing society .
The terror strategy referred to above will be supremely simple and self - reinforcing .
No top - down strategy by a state or business will be able to defeat it .
The more secrecy and surveillance used against it , the stronger it will become .
However , some interests may see this steady empowerment and escalation of terrorism in general by ever - greater tightening of state and business security measures as a good thing .
For ultimately it will result in national and / or corporate leaders exerting total control over everyone else in a global fascist state ( with perhaps some elements of a theocracy included ) .
This ultimate fascist state would by no means extinguish old - fashioned terrorism by small groups or individuals .
But such traditional scale terrorist acts will be considered of negligible consequence compared to those perpetrated by the state itself upon its population , in this scenario .
The evolving model singularity
As of 2005 the concepts of artificial evolution and modeling have not yet been fully integrated .
Instead , they exist as separate efforts to adequately simulate chunks of the real world in virtual space , and getting physical devices or software to improve in quality and performance at an accelerated pace via evolutionary strategies and tactics .
Eventually these efforts will come together and feed off one another , to vastly increase the speed of potential innovation across the board .
In this stage will be possible major leaps forward in hardware , software , and bioengineering projects of all kinds .
Again , there will be formidable opponents to certain aspects of this process .
People and organizations who will strive to stymie or warp or skew such advances in various distasteful -- even psychotic -- ways , rather than allowing them to blossom across all industries and endeavors simultaneously .
Partly this opposition will come from established businesses which do n't want the increased competition implied , and partly from the state and various elite who do n't wish to concede power and influence to a more self - sufficient and self - realized public .
The micromachine singularity
Although early precursors to true nanotech exist even today ( 2005 ) , it appears likely there 'll be a micromachine revolution sooner than a nanotech version .
We 're simply better and more comfortable with the micromachine scale than true nanotech at the moment , and likely will remain that way for a while , as nanotech involves much fiddling in regions sufficiently alien to Newtonian perspectives as to practically be quantum in nature .
By contrast , much micromachine technology may be created using tried and true techniques established long ago in computer chip manufacturing .
There are substantial economic and technological gains to be made by replacing clunkier larger technologies with micromachines .
Therefore there 's much encouragement of the field from industries as diverse as medical , aerospace , and defense .
The nanotechnology singularity
This phase will basically extend the previous acceleration in innovation deeper into the foundation infrastructure of human civilization .
Such gains may be realized here that many governments decide they no longer require taxes ( or votes ) from citizens , and many corporations decide they no longer require customers or investors .
At the very beginning many citizens might be thrilled to hear they 'll never have to pay taxes again .
Later they might not be too concerned that they 're losing the right to vote , too .
Down the road however they 'd get much worse news .
For the approach of this stage will look like imminent nirvana to would - be dictators worldwide .
A mad scramble for power is likely to ensue at the top and middle of governments and large corporations everywhere -- with very unpleasant results for humanity - at - large .
Almost everyone could lose their jobs and various government and employment - related benefits over the span of a single generation .
Only the earliest years of this would resemble the Great Depression of the 20th century : later decades would be much worse .
As governments no longer need the people for taxes or votes , top leaders do what they want , much as the oil - rich sheiks of the 20th century in similar circumstances did .
Only in the future case the leaders will enjoy a much improved security system against any sort of rebellion or resistance from the lower classes , and so perceive practically no pressures whatsoever to attend to issues affecting the masses .
The Powers ( or high social / elites ) singularity
Here a relatively small number of the social elite will gain such immense advantages over everyone else that some individuals and small groups or families among them will seek extreme domination over us all -- and possibly succeed .
Here may lie a crucial bifurcation point for the race as a whole : for humanity could sink once again into the same morass it endured for the vast majority of history and pre-history , where a tiny group of ' royals ' or priests at the top lived in splendor as most everyone else lived as peasants : with virtually no middle - class whatsoever .
Backsliding to such a state by the late 21st or early 22nd century would likely save humanity from ever spontaneously extinguishing itself via something like global nuclear war , plus reduce global terrorism perpetrated by non-state entities to a level similar to that experienced by the North Korea of 2000 .
But also like the 20th century 's North Korea , life for most would be brutal and impoverished , with all the most important aspects of their lives dictated by those few at the top .
Free will would be virtually non-existent .
So the reason the qualification above is italicized is that from that point on there 'd be more terrorism than ever going on -- but overwhelmingly practiced by the state rather than small groups or individuals .
Much like Joseph Stalin's USSR , or the state described in George Orwell 's book 1984 .
As of 2005 current trends indicate humanity could easily revert back to a high - tech version of a Medieval society .
America is attempting to lead the world that way as I write this .
The artificial intelligence singularity
This represents the final stage of a Vinge singularity .
Here AI develops to virtually human or super - human levels , making the general population of living human beings more expendable than ever before .
The state of computer technology will mean that -- for all practical purposes -- a nearly infinite number of artificial intelligences will be available for creation .
Once such
AIs reach human or near - human level they 'll easily outstrip real human intellectual achievement by sheer numbers alone .
Add ever advancing robotics to these for physical interaction and you rapidly exhaust many reasons for a tiny human elite to want nine billion human beings cluttering up their planet .
But once the world 's human population has been winnowed down to only some ten thousand or so , how long might it be before all those hundreds of billions ( or even trillions ) of AIs then in existence decide to finish the job ?
Or at least begin ignoring what 's left of humanity to the extent that the people ( including the elite rulers ) begin dying of purposeful neglect ?
It can't be known from this vantage point if humanity will have any say at all in its own fate by that time .
But it would seem logical that we'd have a better chance at such influence if there were billions of us masterfully and independently wielding the latest in technological means , knowledge , and power when that milestone was reached , than only some thousands of an isolated and spoiled aristocracy , serviced by millions or billions of de facto slaves of one sort or another .
Which version of humanity do you think would have a better chance of at least holding their own with the machine intelligences , if those proved adverse to our continued survival ?
Consider that for a moment , and then read this .
While it 's somewhat possible those of middle - age today may see many of the events described above within their own lifetime , our children and grand - children almost certainly will .
As is true in most potential calamities , prevention is far easier and cheaper to affect than recovery after the fact .
So we adults living today may possess far more power and influence for preventing this particular form of human extinction than any generation following .
The longer we allow certain ill - advised trends to continue in our political and economic theaters , the more difficult it will be to change subsequent events for the better .
Basically it boils down to this :
Do we love our children ?
• A daily summary of global reports on security issues .
Protesters around the world have taken to the streets as part of a three - day global event to display solidarity with Iranian opposition groups .
Following the disputed presidential election on June 12 , the hardline government of President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has continued to crack down on dissenters .
People in more than 80 countries participated in the demonstrations , dubbed the " Iran Global Day of Action . "
Major humanitarian groups , including Amnesty International and Human Rights Watch , came out in support .
Protests ranged in size from a couple hundred to several thousand people and took place everywhere from San Francisco to South Korea .
While most protests inside Iran have tapered off , political tensions remain high .
Opposition leaders have refused to accept the election results , which they say are fraudulent .
At least 20 people have died in protests inside Iran and more than 1,000 have been arrested so far .
Journalists , human rights activists , and reformist leaders have also been detained reports Agence France - Presse .
One of the event 's organizers told Al Jazeera that hundreds of opposition supporters have been imprisoned without the due process of law .
Organizers hope the event will force Iran to display greater transparency and provide detained people with their basic human rights .
" Our message is very simple , " [ Aaron Rhodes , an event organizer ] said .
" We 're supporting civil and human rights in Iran and we 're calling upon the government in Iran to cease their abuse of power , cease the imprisonment of innocent people and the torture of detainees and stop the violence against people who are simply trying to exercise their internationally protected human right to peacefully protest . "
In Germany , demonstrations were held in more than half a dozen locations and drew a wide array of people , from the left and right , reports Deutsche Welle .
One protester in Berlin told the German news agency it was the first time he 'd attended a demonstration since the fall of the Berlin wall .
" This goes beyond the political , " [ Juergen Schilling , a resident of Berlin and protestor ] told Deutsche Welle afterwards .
" This is really about letting humanity - compassion for your fellow citizens - be felt and lived . "
In Montreal , as in many other cities , a number of those protesting were of Iranian origin , many of whom still have strong ties to Iran .
At least one Canadian - Iranian protestor had a friend who he said was severely beaten by the police while protesting in Iran .
In addition to Montreal 's nearly 500 protesters , 20 people went on a hunger strike from Friday morning until Saturday night , reports The Montreal Gazette .
In San Francisco , thousands of people turned out to the city 's Civic Center Plaza as part of the " Day of Action " and were joined by city officials .
Ross Mirkarimi , the city supervisor and first Iranian - American to be elected to the city 's government , told those gathered that it was a " historic " day , reports the San Francisco Chronicle .
Combined with other gatherings around the globe , Mr. Mirkarimi said this type of citizen diplomacy helped end the cold war and that " a turning point has been made . "
Ahmadinejad uses Photoshop to enhance his " support . "
Costs him very little .
Gizmodo makes it newsworthy .
Barack Obama decides Air Force
One needs new publicity pictures , decides not to use Photoshop and has a photoshoot that costs the tax payers a whole lot of dollars and freaks out most of New York .
I think Ahmadinejad is better .
Exclusive : Colored Bubbles Have Landed ( and Popped and Vanished )
Zubbles , our long - ago prophesied soap bubbles with magically vanishing color have finally hit the market — and they ’re awesome
Mark Spitznagel made a fortune predicting the " black swan " that hit markets last year .
Now the relatively unknown hedge - fund manager is emerging from the shadow of his collaborator , Nassim Nicholas Taleb , with a big bet inflation will soar .
The 38 - year old Mr. Spitznagel managed the Black Swan funds to triple digit returns last year with a bet on volatility .
The returns have brought a flood of cash , sending assets for his firm , Universa Investments LP , rising to $ 6 billion from $ 300 million .
But , ...
Well , everybody but yourself that is .
Welcome to the world according to Dermot Gleeson – senior counsel and outgoing chairman of AIB .
Yesterday he treated the morning audience at the MacGill Summer School to a lengthy explanation on how it all went wrong .
Obviously being relieved of the burden of chairing the bank – which had doubled the size of its lending in recent years – has allowed Mr Gleeson to sit back and assess AIB ’s embarrassing fall .
And here , for the first time , is a complete run-down of Gleeson ’s Bad Guys – the people and factors who , he feels , created a situation where any banker could do little else but throw caution to the wind :
1. European regulations which imposed new accounting standards that only encouraged banks to be reckless .
2. Accountants .
Do n’t even start Mr Gleeson on accountants .
According to him them and their “ mark to market ” valuing practices totally confused the price of heifers and houses alike .
3 . Rating agencies who handed out healthy AAA ratings like a labelling machines at a Duracell factory to obviously unsustainable financial institutions .
4. Central banks .
Their warnings of impending crashes could not be taken seriously because quarterly bulletins were otherwise gleefully optimistic .
Interest rate policy is a grumble for another day .
5. Government policy .
Public spending was excessive and stamp duty was never a long term option .
Oh , and the litany of tax reliefs drove the construction boom which banks had to provide money for .
6. The Financial Regulator .
It had access to the accounts of banks and should have saved lenders from themselves .
7. Monopoly power .
GP fees were too high , energy prices were costly and social partnership was not competitive .
8 . The feckless public .
“ When you are looking for the causes it is hard to exempt ourselves the public , I am not speaking from my capacity as a former chairman of a bank ( of course , Mr Gleeson ) .
The public played a role as well because many of us participated in the property bubble . ”
9 . The nation . “
We believed in things that were n’t actually true ...
And there is a sense that national pride and confidence boiled itself into over confidence . ”
You bold nation , you .
10 . The media .
The call by some commentators that people should vote no to Lisbon was evidence , Mr Gleeson felt , that the media had lost touch with reality .
And then , finally , we have the banks .
They made mistakes and here , according to Mr Gleeson , are some of the reasons why .
1. Everybody the banks relied on to assess risks got it wrong .
You name it , engineers , statisticians and PhD holders .
2. Risk assessors never exposed the problems in banking practices which markets needed to know .
3. “ Sophisticated international consultants ” who backed Anglo as a model for other banks and among their cheer leaders , financial journalists and brokers .
4. Anglo Irish Bank .
“ The presence of a competitor who appears to be striding ahead of you , certainly is taking customers from you , certainly is gaining market share and is being lauded and applauded not just by its own supporters but by [ market analysts ] . ”
Clearly a bad example for impressionable bankers .
However , after pointing the finger at every other sector Mr Gleeson nobly conceded that following the crowd simply did not absolve his fellow senior bankers .
“ The point I just made makes no excuse whatsoever for anyone who followed [ Anglo ’s ] bad example .
But it does make up a small part of the explanation , ” he said .
And on this gracious note one can only assume had it all gone right , society would have been treated to an equally systematic singling out for praise .
Mr Gleeson ’s speech certainly makes it hard to believe that a banker can take credit for anything .
Stonergy is the energy shared between two stoners solely due to the fact that they have both smoked weed .
This invisible bond allows for the almost instant recognition of other stoners and is why two people often become friends after they blaze with each other .
It also allows for an uncanny comprehension of life and art that leads to stoners often sharing similar tastes in music and movies .
The Gallup organization first started asking Americans how they approved of the job the president was doing in the 1940s .
See how each president since then has fared in the approval poll , look at some news events that influenced public opinion and compare how approval ratings evolved for each president .
PRESIDENTIAL APPROVAL TRACKER PRESIDENTIAL APPROVAL TRACKER
The Gallup organization first started asking Americans how they approved of the job the president was doing in the 1940s .
See how each president since then has fared in the approval poll , look at some news events that influenced public opinion and compare how approval ratings evolved for each president .
Although the Gallup organization started asking Americans their opinions on presidential job performance during Franklin Roosevelt 's term , Harry Truman 's presidency was the first that the question was asked from the start of the term .
Even then , Gallup asked the question infrequently .
Now , Gallup 's public opinion polls come out frequently .
Although each poll is only a snapshot in time , over the course of history , the polls tell an interesting story about each presidency and American attitudes .
— By William Couch , Michelle Price and Joshua Hatch , USA TODAY WASHINGTON 
A president 's standing after his first six months in office does n't forecast whether he 'll have a successful four - year term , but it does signal how much political juice he 'll have for his second six months in office .
That 's the lesson of history .
ISSUES : Faith in Obama 's economic strategy declines Barack Obama , who completed six months in office Monday , has a 55 % approval rating in the USA TODAY / Gallup Poll , putting him 10th among the dozen presidents who have served since World War II at this point in their tenures .
That 's not as bad for Obama as it may sound :
The six - month mark has n't proved to be a particularly good indicator of how a president ultimately will fare .
Two - thirds of Americans approved of the jobs Jimmy Carter and George H.W. Bush were doing at six months , but both would lose their bids for re-election .
And though the younger Bush and Bill Clinton had significantly lower ratings at 180 days — Clinton had sunk to 41 % approval — both won second terms .
Even so , a president 's standing at the moment is more than a matter of vanity .
It affects his ability to hold the members of his own party and persuade those on the other side to support him , at least on the occasional issue .
" Approval ratings are absolutely critical for a president achieving his agenda , " says Republican pollster Whit Ayres .
For Obama , the timing of his slide in ratings is particularly unhelpful :
He 's intensified his push to pass health care bills in the House and Senate before Congress leaves on its August recess .
He 'll press his case at a news conference at 8 p.m. Wednesday .
His overall approval rating has dropped 9 percentage points since his inauguration in January , and his disapproval rate has jumped 16 points , to 41 % .
Trouble at home
More people disapprove than approve of Obama on four domestic issues : the economy , taxes , health care and the federal budget deficit .
He scores majority approval on handling Iraq , Afghanistan and foreign affairs .
The biggest drop has been on his handling of the economy , down 12 points since February ; his disapproval is up 19 points .
The most erosion has come not from Republicans or independents but among his own Democrats .
Support from conservative and moderate Democrats is down by 18 points .
Another group in the party 's political base — those earning $ 20,000 to $ 50,000 a year — had a drop of 15 percentage points , to 47 % .
That could reflect one reason why moderate Democratic senators and the fiscally conservative Blue Dog Democrats in the House are demanding more cost controls in the health care plan before they 'll sign on .
" It 's important if a president is trying to accomplish some big stuff legislatively , " H.W. Brands , a professor at the University of Texas - Austin , says of the approval rating .
He was one of several presidential historians who sat down with Obama at a private White House dinner this month .
" Members of Congress are somewhat reluctant to tangle with a president who seems to have the backing of the American people . "
At 55 % overall , Obama 's approval rating is a tick below that of George W. Bush at six months .
It is well above Clinton and Gerald Ford , who was hammered for his pardon of Richard Nixon .
At the top of the list is Harry Truman at 82 % — buoyed by the end of World War II — followed by Lyndon Johnson , John Kennedy and Dwight Eisenhower .
The fact that presidents from the 1950s and 1960s scored better than more recent ones could mean the public 's assessments are getting tougher .
" Mid -20th - century presidents had higher political capital and more stable political capital than presidents of the last 20 years , " says Steven Schier , a political scientist who is studying presidential job approval since modern polling began in the 1930s .
He wrote Panorama of a Presidency : How George W. Bush Acquired and Spent His Political Capital .
Schier theorizes that the difference in ratings is due to the accelerating speed with which information is disseminated , the declining number of Americans firmly tied to a political party and a growing desire to see quick results .
" There 's less patience with presidents than there used to be , " he says .
What 's popularity for ?
Savvy presidents understand that pursuing big policies will cost them popularity , Brands says .
" Presidents have to decide what their popularity is for , " he says .
" Lyndon Johnson probably understood best that political popularity is a wasting asset .
You had to use it when you had it . "
Johnson was inaugurated after Kennedy 's assassination in 1963 and then crushed Republican Barry Goldwater in the 1964 presidential race .
LBJ used his high approval ratings — they did n't fall below 60 % for more than two years after his inauguration — and big majorities in the House and Senate to enact his Great Society programs .
Amid growing opposition to the Vietnam War , Johnson 's standing fell so low that he decided not to seek another term .
Ronald Reagan may provide a closer parallel to Obama .
Both took office as the nation 's economy was in perilous times .
Reagan was at 60 % at six months , but his standing slipped below 50 % by the end of his first year in office as the jobless rate swelled .
It would take two years and economic recovery before a majority of Americans would approve of his presidency again .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
This is an introduction to JavaScript .
There are plenty of these on the web , but most of them appear to be for non-programmers , teaching the building - blocks of programming as JavaScript uses them .
And that ’s fine , because many people who have never programmed in their lives , find themselves needing a tiny bit of script for their web page , and need to start somewhere .
This article is designed to give much more in - depth information about JavaScript .
It assumes a complete absence of knowledge about it , but it also assumes that you are already a competent programmer , preferably in a “ C - like ” language , and a smattering of Python will help too .
I ’m going to cover everything I can think of short of the object model .
Not Java
First of all , a common misconception to clear up : JavaScript is nothing to do with Java whatsoever .
Nothing .
Nada .
Zilch .
JS was n’t even originally called that ( for that matter , nor was Java , but that ’s another story ) .
The Java- prefix is entirely there for marketing reasons that presumably made sense to some flake - nosed dot - com executive back in the 90s , squeezing their thighs together as they reviewed their stock options .
Warning :
This article contains whining on the subject of JS ’ “ features ” .
If you ’d discovered these the hard way , you ’d want to vent too …
JS is a dynamic language , with C-ish syntax for its basic flow control structures .
Some of the more advanced datatypes look very Pythonesque , and indeed , so is its behaviour in quite a few respects .
In fact , it ’s a surprisingly powerful , expressive language , and could ’ve been a very elegant bit of work .
However , it is not .
It is a dark festival of pain .
Gotchas lurk in the darkness , biding their time .
Brooding .
Like bears : They Will Eat You .
JS is a thoroughly bastardised language , there ’s no getting away from that , and that goes double for the browser APIs .
In general , JS seems to follow the Principle of Most Surprise .
Embedding In Pages
JS can be run stand - alone ( eg Rhino ) , or inside of special hosts ( eg Mac OS X Widgets ) , but most commonly it is embedded into web pages , by doing this :
html
< script language=' javascript '> // source code goes here </ script >
Or :
html
< script language=' javascript ' src='/path/to/source.js ' />
Within the scope of the < script > tags , normal HTML rules do not apply — < is < , not the beginning of a tag , and & is & , not the lead - in to a character entity .
( That is all of the HTML required for this article . )
Basic Syntax
Most of the basic syntax is straight out of C .
All of the following behave as in C/C++/etc :
comments ( both /* C */ style and // C++ style )
style and style ) if / then / else
switch / case / break / default
while / do / break / continue
for / break / continue
Functions look similar to C , but have some differences .
We ’ll come to those soon .
For -loops have an alternate form we ’ll deal with later .
Classes are completely different from most other languages .
Semi-colons at the ends of statements :
You can use them , but they ’re generally optional .
JS “ auto - inserts ” semi-colons , according to arcane rules in the ECMAScript ( the “ standardised ” — hee hee — version of JS ) specification .
It generally means , as long as the intent is fairly unambiguous , you do n’t need them .
Variables and Declarations
In JS , you never declare the type of a variable .
Variables themselves , in fact , have no type — a variable is not a named memory location as in C , but a named reference to an object , as in Python .
Just as in Python , the referred - to object has a type , which affects what you can do with or to it .
Unlike Python , however , you do need to declare that local variables exist , just not what type they are .
This is not immediately apparent , because if you do n’t declare a variable , JS will assume a declaration for it .
A global declaration .
Yes , JS took the opposite decision to Python ; instead of assuming variables are local , and having to explicitly declare global variables , JS assumes all variables are global unless you explicitly declare them local .
This has some very surprising and annoying effects .
In particular , if you forget to declare a variable , your code may well work perfectly , until it completely screws over some other piece of code using the global of the same name .
Or you write some recursive code , and die horribly in an unexpected infinite loop — which may well lock up , or even crash , your browser , since not all of them are smart enough to fail out of infinite recursion .
Whee !
Yes , JS is designed to have something required 95 % ( but not all ) of the time , that when you forget it , fails silently , and may crash or lock up the execution environment with no means to debug it other than trial and error !
Thank you , JS language designers !
Thank you , browser implementers !
Anyway , you declare variables with the var keyword , eg var msg = " hello " — if you do n’t assign a value , variables default to undefined .
I recommend always , always declaring your var s regardless of whether you need to or not .
It ’s just safer .
If anyone knows of a “ lint ” for JS , that warns you about un - var d variables , let me know and I ’ll add a link at this point …
Update : Martin Clausen points out JSLint .
You need to pick your options carefully , but on the other hand , it has a great warning message on the front page …
Functions and Oddities
Functions are slightly different from C .
There are two formats , named and anonymous .
Named functions are similar to C but there are , of course , no types declared for the parameters or return value .
Where you would put the return type in C , you place the function keyword :
js
function treeWalk ( branch , visitor ) { visitor ( branch ) var i // not going to let you forget !
you 'll thank me later ! for ( i in branch.
children ) { treeWalk ( branch.children[i ] , visitor ) } }
Here , visitor is a function being passed in , we ’ll show how later .
branch is some user - defined object we ’re assuming has a children array .
Also , I ’m sure you ’ve noticed the unusual for construction .
This is the “ iterator ” version :
iterator syntax
for ( < variable > in < variable of container type > ) < statements >
This iterates over each item in the container type .
However , in another classic show of JS irritance , it returns only the index of each member .
If the container is an array of 10 items , it will ( probably ) return the integers 0 through 9 ( see the section on arrays below ) .
If the container is a hash - map , it will return each key .
This necessitates an extra , superfluous hash lookup as there seems to be no equivalent ( that I ’ve found so far ) to Python ’s for ( key , value ) in container : statements loop .
Anonymous functions are pretty obvious , you just omit the name :
js
function ( param1 , param2 ... ) { statements }
On its own , this is worthless ; however , the above is syntactically an expression .
You can place the entire definition pretty much anywhere , including variable assignments , so this next example is identical to defining a function named mul :
js
var mul = function ( a , b ) { return a*b }
A different example , using the treeWalk function from earlier :
js
treeWalk ( rootNode , function ( item ) { logDebug ( item ) } )
Types , Coercing , Comparisons
Obviously , you have numbers ( double floats — JS does n’t actually do integers ) and strings and they work pretty much as you ’d expect .
However JS has a tendency to occasionally ( and surprisingly ) coerce types amongst each other in various ways .
For instance ( using the Rhino command - line JS interpreter for demonstration purposes ) :
rhino session
js > 2 + 2 4 js > " 2 " + 2 22 js > " 2 " * 2 4
“ + ” is used for both mathematical addition and string concatenation .
When used with at least one string parameter , it coerces other types to strings as well , and concatenates ; but all other math operations coerce strings into numbers instead .
Whee !
Combine with operator precedence for bonus fun and confusion :
rhino session
js > " 2 " + 2 + 2 222 js> 2 + " 2 " + 2 222 js > 2 + 2 + " 2 " 42 js > " 2 " + 2 * 2 24 js > " 2 " * 2 + 2 6 js > ( " 2 " + 2 ) * 2 44
Deep , slow breaths … it ’ll pass …
Oh yeah , and JS comparison operations are awkward .
== coerces types , === does n’t :
rhino session
js > 2==2 true js > 2 = = " 2 " true js > 2===2 true js > 2 === " 2 " false
And watch out for accidental string comparisons ; however , this is n’t usually too bad as , if either operand is a number , the coercion will be in the numeric direction :
rhino session
js > 4 > 2 true js> 4 > 22 false js> 4 > " 22 " false js > " 4 " > " 22 " true
Oh !
And JS will cheerfully turn invalid numbers into NaN s without complaint , which then propagate tentacularly throughout the code !
rhino session
js > " 2 " * 2 4 js > " two " * 2 NaN js > x = " two " * 2 js > 4 * x NaN
Remember , deep , slow breaths …
Arrays and Hashmaps
Arrays and hashmaps are built in to JS .
If you just need to declare one with some data pre-initialised , there ’s syntax for it directly ripped from Python — square brackets for lists , braces for hashmaps :
rhino session
js > myArray = [ 1 , 2 , 3 , 17 , 23 , 42 , 69 ] js > myHash = { " key " : " value " , " key2 " : " value2 " }
Both are indexed with square brackets :
rhino session continued
js > myArray [ 3 ] 17 js> myHash [ " key2 " ] value2
You can mix and match any combo of data types as the values of any array or hashmap .
For the keys , it seems to coerce all datatypes to string form and use that — so the JS statement myHash [ fred ] = value appears to be like the Python : myDict [ repr ( fred ) ] = value
You can remove items from both kinds of storage with the same syntax , the delete statement :
rhino session continued
js > delete myArray [ 3 ] true js > delete myHash [ " key2 " ] true
( delete seems to return true always .
Yes , even if your index is out of range .
Yes , even if there is no such key .
No , I do n’t know why . )
However , you should be aware that if you remove an item from an indexed array , it leaves an empty space behind ( undefined ) , and all other items still have the same indices :
rhino session continued
js > myArray 1,2,3,,23,42,69 js> print ( myArray [ 3 ] ) undefined js > print ( myArray [ 4 ] ) 23
( That double - comma is not a typo .
undefined values have no output when converted to strings , but there ’s still a ‘ slot ’ reserved for it in the array . )
Now , when you iterate over an array , it does skip over such empty slots :
rhino session continued
js > for ( i in myArray ) print ( i , " : " , myArray [ i ] )
0 : 1 1 : 2 2 : 3 4 : 23 5 : 42 6 : 69
Nonetheless , for many tasks , having undefined values floating around can be enough of a pain in the ass that you ’ll find yourself writing functions to either “ compress ” an array , or to return a copy where the specified index is skipped , giving you delete - and - compress in one function ( at the expense of an unnecessary copy operation ) :
js
function deleteArrayItem ( source , index ) { var result = new Array ( ) for ( i in source ) if ( i!=index ) result.push ( source[i ] ) return result }
Update : Reddit user davidsickmiller mentions an array method I ’d missed back when I wrote this in 2006 : Array : : splice will remove a range from an array , returning the removed elements , and packing the original array :
rhino session
js > myArray = [ 1 , 2 , 3 , 17 , 23 , 42 , 69 ] js > myArray.splice ( 3,1 ) 17 js > myArray 1,2,3,23,42,69
Arrays automatically extend themselves when you insert a value at an out - of - range index , by the way .
And if the range is n’t contiguous , all the slots in - between are created undefined .
Arrays have a length member , eg myArray .
length but it does n’t tell you how many items are present , it tells you how many slots there are ; in other words , it always returns ( highest - index - you ’ve - inserted - items - at ) + 1 .
If you want to know the actual count , well , you ’ll just have to iterate through and count them .
And on that note , I ’m going to leave you to fend for yourself for a while .
Looks like we 'll never know what the unspoken connection was between Agent Charlie Francis and Vague Agent Olivia on Fringe .
The actor has reportedly been let go , at least according to his Facebook status .
Advertisement
Oh No They Didn't is reporting that Kirk Acevedo has been cut from Abrams Scooby Gang on Fringe .
Taking it to the streets , Acevedo reportedly announced the folly upon his Facebook ( although we have no verification right now , it certainly looks like his page ) .
Advertisement
This is actually very sad .
Charlie balanced out the cast pretty well .
He played a great straight man and I always enjoyed trying to guess if he and Olivia had a love connection or not - he certainly cares about her a great deal .
Plus there were a ton of theories that maybe he was a secret bad guy , and it was only in recent episodes that we started to learn more about him as a person .
It 's unfortunate that we 're not going to get to see his character fleshed out more .
The most we got was a few screen shots of Charlie and his wifey in bed - we know there was so much more to uncover in this brooding soul .
But what 's done is done , and it sounds like he 's already getting replaced by a tough - as - nails and " brash " female agent named Catherine .
Somehow I feel like this is all Olivia 's fault .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
When then - President - elect Barack Obama first asked Hillary Clinton to be his top diplomat , she turned him down and recommended others for the job , the secretary of state said in an interview broadcast Sunday .
Hillary Clinton meets with South Korean Foreign Minister Yu Myung - hwan on Friday to discuss North Korea .
Speaking to ABC's " This Week , " Clinton also said the president has answered the central question she raised about him when she was his chief rival for the Democratic nomination last year .
In her famous " 3 a.m. " ad , she questioned whether Obama was the right candidate to handle a middle - of - the - night international crisis .
" Has the president answered it for you ? " host George Stephanopoulos asked .
" Absolutely , " Clinton replied .
" And , you know , the president , in his public actions and demeanor , and certainly in private with me and with the national security team , has been strong , thoughtful , decisive , I think he is doing a terrific job .
And it's an honor to serve with him . "
The former senator from New York and former first lady revealed details of how she came to accept the role .
Watch analysts dissect the Clinton - Obama relationship »
" I never had any dream , let alone inkling , that I would end up in President Obama 's cabinet , " she said .
" When I left the presidential race after getting some sleep and taking some deep breaths , I immediately went to work for him in the general election .
...
And I was looking forward to going back to the Senate and , frankly , going back to my life and representing New York , which I love .
And I had no idea that he had a different plan in mind . "
When her name was mentioned in the media as a possible member of Obama 's cabinet , Clinton said , she found the idea " absurd . "
" And then when he called and asked me to come see him , and we had our first conversation , I said , ' You know , I really do n't think I 'm the person to do this , I want to go back to my life .
I really feel like I owe it to the people of New York . '
And I gave him a bunch of other names of people who I thought would be great secretaries of state . "
But Obama " was quite persistent and very persuasive , " Clinton said .
She added , " Ultimately , it came down to my feeling that , number one , when your president asks you to do something for your country , you really need a good reason not to do it .
Number two , if I had won and I had asked him to please help me serve our country , I would have hoped he would say yes .
And finally , I looked around our world and I thought , you know , we are in just so many deep holes that everybody had better grab a shovel and start digging out . "
Some analysts have raised questions about how much power Clinton actually has in the administration , given that Obama and Vice President Joe Biden have done a great deal of international outreach themselves .
The president has also appointed special envoys to focus on several key regions .
But Clinton said she wanted the envoys appointed " because we were inheriting so many hot spot problems that I knew you could never have one person possibly address all of that . "
One of the biggest is the Israeli - Palestinian conflict .
Clinton and the president have called on Israel to halt construction at settlements in the West Bank .
Asked whether there is any room for compromise on that issue , Clinton said the administration would not " prejudge the effort . "
She said the administration is committed to Israel 's security .
" We see historical , demographic , political , technological trends that are very troubling as to Israel 's future .
At the same time , there is a legitimate aspiration of the Palestinian people that needs to be addressed . "
On the nuclear standoff with Iran , Clinton said a diplomatic process in which U.S. representatives sit down with Iran 's authorized representatives would give " us information and insight that we do n't have .
...
We do n't have any really clear sense as to what it is they are seeking . "
Clinton also addressed the growing tensions surrounding North Korea , and what she called its " very provocative and belligerent behavior " with recent tests of missile and nuclear technology .
" One of the positive developments , " she said , is that " it has actually brought the [ other ] members of [ the ] six - party process -- Japan , South Korea , China , Russia , the United States -- much closer together " in how they view the challenge .
She said there may be additional U.N. sanctions against North Korea .
Several lawmakers have asked the president to put North Korea back on a list of state sponsors of terrorism .
" We 're going to look at it , " Clinton said .
" There 's a process for it .
Obviously we would want to see recent evidence of their support for international terrorism . "
She emphasized that North Korea 's detention of two U.S. journalists , Laura Ling and Euna Lee , is separate from the political issues .
" It is a humanitarian issue and the girls should be let go , " Clinton said .
All About Hillary Clinton • Barack Obama • North Korea
By Will Grant
BBC News , Caracas , Venezuela
The draft law comes at a time of tension over media regulation A tough new media law , under which journalists could be imprisoned for publishing " harmful " material , has been proposed in Venezuela .
Journalists could face up to four years in prison for publishing material deemed to harm state stability .
Public prosecutor Luisa Ortega Diaz , who proposed the changes , said it was necessary to " regulate the freedom of expression " without " harming it " .
The move comes at a time of rising tension over private media regulation .
Under the draft law on media offences , information deemed to be " false " and aimed at " creating a public panic " will also be punishable by prison sentences .
The law will be highly controversial if passed in its current form .
It states that anyone - newspaper editor , reporter or artist - could be sentenced to between six months and four years in prison for information which attacks " the peace , security and independence of the nation and the institutions of the state " .
Radio risk A case which has often been quoted in the bitter arguments over this law is a recent advert in national newspapers by a right - wing think tank , Cedice , which shows a naked woman next to the slogan " The Social Property law will take all you 've got , Say No to communist laws " .
The government says it has no intention of removing the right to private property and that such publications are irresponsible and designed to breed fear among Venezuelans .
But the opposition says the draft law is an unprecedented attack on private media outlets and journalists in Venezuela .
The proposed bill , which must still be debated on the floor of the assembly , comes as some 240 radio stations in Venezuela are at risk of being closed for allegedly failing to hand their registration papers into the government ahead of a deadline last month .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The New Socialism
Leftist journalist Alexander Cockburn has gone from attacking Gorbachev ( for selling out Brezhnev ) to defending Mother Earth .
His new book , The Fate of the Forests , is both statist and pantheist .
Cockburn , a man who supposedly cares about peasants and workers , instead decries their cutting down the Brazilian rainforests to farm and ranch .
People are supposed to live in indentured mildewtude so no tree is touched .
But Cockburn is part of a trend .
All over Europe and the U.S. , Marxists are joining the environmental movement .
And no wonder : environmentalism is also a coercive utopianism — one as impossible to achieve as socialism , and just as destructive in the attempt .
A century ago , socialism had won .
Marx might be dead , and Lenin still a frustrated scribbler , but their doctrine was victorious , for it controlled something more important than governments : it held the moral high ground .
Socialism was , they said , the brotherhood of man in economic form .
Thus was the way smoothed to the gulag .
Today we face an ideology every bit as pitiless and messianic as Marxism .
And like socialism a hundred years ago , it holds the moral high ground .
Not as the brotherhood of man , since we live in post - Christian times , but as the brotherhood of bugs .
Like socialism , environmentalism combines an atheistic religion with virulent statism .
But it ups the ante .
Marxism at least professed a concern with human beings ; environmentalism harks back to a godless , manless , and mindless Garden of Eden .
If these people were merely wacky cultists , who bought acres of wilderness and lived on it as primitives , we would not be threatened .
But they seek to use the state , and even a world state , to achieve their vision .
And like Marx and Lenin , they are heirs to Jean Jacques Rousseau .
His paeans to statism , egalitarianism , and totalitarian democracy have shaped the Left for 200 years , and as a nature worshipper and exalter of the primitive , he was also the father of environmentalism .
During the Reign of Terror , Rousseauians constituted what Isabel Paterson called “ humanitarians with the guillotine . ”
We face something worse : plantitarians with the pistol .
The Old Religion
Feminist - theologian Merlin Stone , author of When God Was a Woman , exults : “ The Goddess is back ! ”
The “ voice of Gaia is heard once again ” through a revived “ faith in Nature . ”
Gaia was an earth goddess worshipped by the ancient Greeks , and James Lovelock , a British scientist , revived the name in the mid-1970s for “ the earth as a living organism , ” an almost conscious self - regulating “ biosphere . ”
There is no Bible or “ set theology ” for Gaia worship , says the Rev. Stone , now making a national tour of Unitarian churches .
You can “ know Her simply by taking a walk in the woods or wandering on the beach . ”
All of Nature forms her scriptures .
“ Industrial civilization is acne on the face of Gaia , ” says Stone , and it ’s time to get out the Stridex .
Ancient pagans saw gods in the wilderness , animals , and the state .
Modern environmentalism shares that belief , and adds — courtesy of a New Age - Hindu - California influence — a hatred of man and the Western religious tradition that places him at the center of creation .
Climategate : The Cruta ...
Fuller , Thomas W. Best Price : $ 7.01 Buy New $ 16.99 ( as of 02:50 EST - Details )
Environmentalism also has roots in deism — the practical atheism of the Enlightenment — which denied the Incarnation and made obeisance to nature .
Early environmentalist John Burroughs wrote : we use the word “ Nature very much as our fathers used the word God . ”
It is in Nature ’s lap that “ the universe is held and nourished . ”
The natural order is superior to mankind , wrote ecologist John Muir more than a century ago , because Nature is “ unfallen and undepraved ” and man always and everywhere “ a blighting touch . ”
Therefore , said the human - hating Muir , alligators and other predators should be “ blessed now and then with a mouthful of terror - stricken man by way of a dainty . ”
Christianity , adds ecologist Lynn White , Jr. , “ bears an immense burden of guilt ” for violating nature .
It brought evil into the world by giving birth to capitalism and the Industrial Revolution .
Since we must think of nature as God , says William McKibben , author of the best selling End of Nature , every “ man-made phenomenon ” is evil .
We must keep the earth as “ Nature intended . ”
To punish man ’s desecration , ecologist Edward Abbey urged anti-human terrorism in his influential novel , The Monkey - Wrench Gang .
And the fastest - growing group in the Gaia liberation movement , EarthFirst ! , uses a monkey wrench for its symbol .
Founded by David Foreman , former head lobbyist for the Wilderness Society , EarthFirst !
engages in “ ecodefense ” and “ ecotage , ” from spiking trees ( which maims loggers ) to vandalizing road - building machinery to wrecking rural airstrips .
One of its goals is cutting the world ’s population by 90 % , and it has even hailed AIDS as a help .
Foreman is in prison awaiting trial for trying to blow up the pylons that carry high - power wires ( using , I ’m sure , environmentally safe explosives ) , but his example is powerful , even among the alleged non-radicals .
One of the mainstream environmentalists , David Brower — former head of the Sierra Club and founder of Friends of the Earth — urged that land developers be shot with tranquilizer guns .
He agrees with McKibben : human suffering is much less important than the “ suffering of the planet . ”
We must be “ humbler ” towards nature and use technology like “ bicycle - powered pumps , ” says McKibben — who lives on an expensive Adirondack farm .
But he wants the rest of us “ crammed into a few huge cities like so many ants ” because it ’s best for the planet .
We should n’t even have children , for “ independent , eternal , ever - sweet Nature ” must be disturbed as little as possible .
McKibben does admit to one sin : he owns a 1981 Honda .
But a man who lives a properly ascetic life is “ Ponderosa Pine . ”
A life - long leftist , Pine — whose real name is Keith Lampe — was an apparatchik of the black - power Student Non-Violent Coordinating Committee ( which did n’t have many students or much non-violence ) and a founder of the Yippie Party .
He rioted at the 1968 Democratic Convention and has been arrested nine times for civil disobedience .
Converted by Allan Ginsberg to environmentalism , Pine split with his wife and twin sons .
She had complained about his “ Tibetan vocal energy science ” — a continuous , hour - long , top - of - the - lungs shout each morning as an act of “ communion with Mother Earth . ”
With his civil disobedience campaign against logging , and environmental news service , newspaper columns , and newsletter ( he refers to paper , in other contexts , as “ dead tree flesh ” ) , Pine has been extremely influential , though there is some dissent about his demand that we go barefoot to be in “ more intimate touch with the earth . ”
David Brower goes further , denouncing the Pinian nom de terre ; did he , Brower asks angrily , have “ permission from the Ponderosa Pines to use their name ” ?
But even Brower agrees with the knotty Pine ’s crusade to collectivize the U.S. , return us to a primitive standard of living , and use the Department of Defense to do it .
“ I want to change the military ’s whole focus to environmentalism , ” says Pine .
In the meantime , however , it is possible to do something good for the earth as your last act .
A recent issue of EarthFirst !
Journal , notes Washington Times columnist John Elvin , had some advice for the lifelorn .
“ Are you terminally ill with a wasting disease ? ” asks the journal .
“ Do n’t go out with a whimper ; go out with a bang !
Undertake an eco-kamikaze mission . ”
“ The possibilities for terminally ill warriors are limitless .
Dams from the Columbia and the Colorado to the Connecticut are crying to be blown to smithereens , as are industrial polluters , the headquarters of oil - spilling corporations , fur warehouses , paper mills ….
“ To those feeling suicidal , this may be the answer to your dreams … .
Do n’t jump off a bridge , blow up a bridge .
Who says you ca n’t take it with you ? ”
Nature Without Illusions
Ron James , an English Green leader , says the proper level of economic development is that “ between the fall of Rome and the rise of Charlemagne . ”
“ The only way to live in harmony with Nature is by living at a subsistence level , ” as the animals do .
The normal attitude for most of human history was expressed by the Pilgrims , who feared a “ hideous and desolate wilderness , full of wild beasts and wild men . ”
Only a free society , which has tamed nature over many generations , enables us to have a different view .
“ To us who live beneath a temperate sky and in the age of Henry Ford , ” wrote Aldous Huxley , “ the worship of Nature comes almost naturally . ”
But “ an enemy with whom one is still at war , an unconquered , unconquerable , ceaselessly active enemy ” — “ one respects him , perhaps ; one has a salutary fear of him ; and one goes on fighting . ”
Added Albert J. Nock , “ I can see nature only as an enemy : a highly respected enemy , but an enemy . ”
Heaven and Earth : Glob ... Ian Plimer Best Price : $ 3.29 Buy New $ 13.98 ( as of 10:30 EST - Details )
Few of us could survive in the wilderness of , say , Yellowstone Park for any length of time ( even though the environmentalists let it burn down because fire is natural ) .
Nature is not friendly to man ; it must be tempered .
Environmental Hysteria
Because they know that the vast majority of Americans would reject their real agenda , the environmentalists use lies , exaggerations , and pseudo - science to create public hysteria .
EXXON : The environmental movement is cheering the criminal indictment of the Exxon Corporation for the Alaska oil spill , with the possibility of more than $ 700 million in fines .
The one shortcoming , say the Sierra Club and the Natural Resources Defense Council , is that Exxon executives wo n’t be sent to prison .
Exxon cannot be allowed to get away with an “ environmental crime ” which despoiled the “ pristine wilderness of Alaska , ” says Attorney General Richard Thornburgh .
But the legal doctrine underlying this indictment is inconsistent with a free society , notes Murray N. Rothbard .
Under feudalism , the master was held responsible for all acts of his servants , intended or not .
During the Renaissance with growing capitalism and freedom , the doctrine changed so there was no “ vicarious liability . ”
Employers were correctly seen as legally responsible only for those actions they directed their employees to take , not when their employees disobeyed them .
But today , we are back in feudal times , plus deeper - pocket jurisprudence , as employers are held responsible for all acts of their employees , even when the employees break company rules and disobey specific orders — by getting drunk on duty , for example .
From all the hysteria , and the criminal indictment , one might think Exxon had deliberately spilled the oil , rather than being the victim of an accident that has already cost its stockholders $ 2 billion .
Who is supposedly the casualty in the Justice Department ’s “ criminal ” act ?
Oiled sand ?
In fact , Exxon is the biggest victim .
Through employee negligence , the company has lost $ 5 million worth of oil , a supertanker , and compensation to fishermen , or the cost of the clean up .
The total bill could be $ 3 billion .
Yet every night on television , we were treated to maudlin coverage of oily water and blackened seagulls , and denunciations of Exxon and oil production in “ environmentally sensitive ” Alaska .
Though why it is more sensitive than , say , New Jersey , we are never told .
In fact , environmentalists love Alaska because there are so few people there .
It represents their ideal .
Despite all the hysteria , oil is — if I may use the environmentalists ’ own lingo — natural , organic , and biodegradable .
As in previous oil spills , it all went away , and the birds , plants , and fish replenished themselves .
The Exxon oil spill was hardly the “ equivalent of Hiroshima , ” as one crazed Alaska judge said .
And who knows ?
Oil might be good for some wildlife .
This year , the salmon catch is almost 50 % bigger than any time in history .
WETLANDS : One of the great engineering achievements of the ancient world was draining the Pontine Marshes , which enabled the city of Rome to expand .
But no such project could be undertaken today ; that vast swamp would be protected as wetlands .
When John Pozsgai — an emigrant from communist Hungary — tried to improve some property he found this out .
After buying a former junkyard and clearing away the thousands of tires that littered it , Pozsgai put clean topsoil on his lot in Morrisville , PA .
For this , the 57 - year - old mechanic was sentenced to three years in prison and $ 200,000 in fines , because his property was classified as wetlands by the federal government .
After ordering a bureaucrat to “ get the Hell off my property , ” Pozsgai was arrested , handcuffed , and jailed on $ 10,000 bail .
Quickly tried and convicted , Pozsgai ’s brutal sentence will — said the prosecutor — “ send a message to the private landowners , corporations , and developers of this country about President Bush ’s wetlands policy . ”
John Pozsgai has a different view : “ I thought this was a free country , ” he told The Washington Post .
RUBBISH : In Palo Alto , California , citizens are ordered to separate their trash into seven neatly packaged piles : newspapers , tin cans ( flattened with labels removed ) , aluminum cans ( flattened ) , glass bottles ( with labels removed ) , plastic soda pop bottles , lawn sweepings , and regular rubbish .
And to pay high taxes to have it all taken away .
In Mountain Park , Georgia , a suburb of Atlanta , the government has just ordered the same recycling program , increased taxes 53 % to pay for it , and enacted fines of up to $ 1,000 , and jail terms of up to six months , for scofftrashes .
Because of my aversion to government orders , my distrust of government justifications , and my dislike of ecomania , I have always mixed all my trash together .
If recycling made sense — economically and not as a sacrament of Gaia worship — we would be paid to do it .
For the same reason , I love to use plastic fast - food containers and non-returnable bottles .
The whole recycling commotion , like the broader environmental movement , has always impressed me as malarkey .
But I was glad to get some scientific support for my position .
Green Hell : How Enviro ...
Milloy , Steven Best Price : $ 1.25 Buy New $ 8.10 ( as of 05:10 EST - Details )
Professor William L. Rathje , an urban archaeologist at the University of Arizona and head of its Garbage Project , has been studying rubbish for almost 20 years , and what he ’s discovered contradicts almost everything we ’re told .
When seen in perspective , our garbage problems are no worse than they have always been .
The only difference is that today we have safe methods to deal with them , if the environmentalists will let us .
The environmentalists warn of a country covered by garbage because the average American generates 8 lbs. a day .
In fact , we create less than 3 lbs .
each , which is a good deal less than people in Mexico City today or American 100 years ago .
Gone , for example , are the 1,200 lbs. of coal ash each American home used to generate , and our modern packaged foods mean less rubbish , not more .
But most landfills will be full in ten years or less , we ’re told , and that ’s true .
But most landfills are designed to last ten years .
The problem is not that they are filling up , but that we ’re not allowed to create new ones , thanks to the environmental movement .
Texas , for example , handed out 250 landfill permits a year in the mid-1970s , but fewer than 50 in 1988 .
The environmentalists claim that disposable diapers and fast - food containers are the worst problems .
To me , this has always revealed the anti-family and pro-elite biases common to all left - wing movements .
But the left , as usual , has the facts wrong as well .
In two years of digging in seven landfills all across America , in which they sorted and weighed every item in 16,000 lbs. of garbage , Rathje discovered that fast - food containers take up less than 1/10th of one percent of the space ; less than 1 % was disposable diapers .
All plastics totalled less than 5 % .
The real culprit is paper — especially telephone books and newspapers .
And there is little biodegradation .
He found 1952 newspapers still fresh and readable .
Rather than biodegrade , most garbage mummifies .
And this may be a blessing .
If newspapers , for example , degraded rapidly , tons of ink would leach into the groundwater .
And we should be glad that plastic does n’t biodegrade .
Being inert , it does n’t introduce toxic chemicals into the environment .
We ’re told we have a moral obligation to recycle , and most of us say we do so , but empirical studies show it is n’t so .
In surveys , 78 % of the respondents say they separate their garbage , but only 26 % said they thought their neighbors separate theirs .
To test that , for seven years the Garbage Project examined 9,000 loads of refuse in Tucson , Arizona , from a variety of neighborhoods .
The results : most people do what they say their neighbors do — they do n’t separate .
No matter how high or low the income , or how liberal the neighborhood , or how much the respondents said they cared about the environment , only 26 % actually separated their trash .
The only reliable predictor of when people separate and when they do n’t is exactly the one an economist would predict : the price paid for the trash .
When the prices of old newspaper rose , people carefully separated their newspapers .
When the price of newspapers fell , people threw them out with the other garbage .
We ’re all told to save our newspapers for recycling , and the idea seems to make sense .
Old newspapers can be made into boxes , wallboard , and insulation , but the market is flooded with newsprint thanks to government programs .
In New Jersey , for example , the price of used newspapers has plummeted from $ 40 a ton to minus $ 25 a ton .
Trash entrepreneurs used to buy old newspaper .
Now you have to pay someone to take it away .
If it is economically efficient to recycle — and we ca n’t know that so long as government is involved — trash will have a market price .
It is only through a free price system , as Ludwig von Mises demonstrated 70 years ago , that we can know the value of goods and services .
The cave men had garbage problems , and so will our progeny , probably for as long as human civilization exists .
But government is no answer .
A socialized garbage system works no better than the Bulgarian economy .
Only the free market will solve the garbage problem , and that means abolishing not only socialism , but the somewhat more efficient municipal fascist systems where one politically favored contractor gets the job .
The answer is to privatize and deregulate everything , from trash pickup to landfills .
That way , everyone pays an appropriate part of the costs .
Some types of trash would be taken away for a fee , others would be picked up free , and still others might command a price .
Recycling would be based on economic calculation , not bureaucratic fiat .
The choice is always the same : put consumers in charge through private property and a free price system , or create a fiasco through government .
Under the right kind of system , even I might start separating my trash .
The Deniers Solomon , Lawrence Best Price : $ 1.70 Buy New $ 30.98 ( as of 12:30 EST - Details )
MCDONALDS : I ’ve always admired McDonald’s .
It put restaurant dining within the reach of the average American , and made cross-country travel less of a culinary roulette .
But these days , the gold on those arches is looking a little bit green .
For 15 years , McDonald ’s put its hamburgers in styrofoam boxes , and no wonder .
The containers kept the food hot , clean , and dry , and the foam even absorbed grease .
Styrofoam was a wonderful invention , as anyone who ’s ever held a paper cup of hot coffee can testify .
Light , strong , cheap , and insulating , styrofoam was a consumer godsend .
So naturally , the environmentalists — whose declared enemy is the consumer society — despised it .
The Environmental Defense Fund persuaded McDonald ’s to ban styrofoam as “ bad for the environment . ”
By this , they do not mean the customers ’ environment , since paper leaves a hamburger cold and soggy much more quickly than styrofoam .
The environmentalists say that styrofoam does n’t biodegrade .
But so what ?
Rocks do n’t biodegrade either .
Why should we mind styrofoam buried under our feet as versus rocks ?
Because styrofoam is manmade , and therefore evil , whereas rocks are natural , and therefore good .
Non-ecological factors may be at work , however .
Edward H. Rensi , president of McDonald ’s U.S.A. , said the company can “ switch to paper and save money . ”
And if the customers do n’t like it ?
What are you , a spotted owl murderer ?
But McDonald ’s may not be getting off so easily .
The Audubon Society criticizes the deal , saying that “ a lot more paper means a lot more pollution . ”
I guess the environmentalists wo n’t be satisfied until McDonald ’s slaps the burger directly onto our outstretched hand .
If it is a burger .
An agreement with the animal rights movement may be next .
Anyone for a McTofu ?
Portland , Oregon — in a move that other cities are studying — has hired ex-New York bureaucrat Lee Barrett as a “ styrofoam cop . ”
Since January 1990 , no restaurant or other retail food seller in Portland has been able to use products made of the wonderful insulating foam .
It is Barrett ’s job to swoop down on businesses to make sure they are not styro- criminals .
If they are , he can levy $ 250 fines for the dread offense — with $ 500 for hardened offenders .
ALAR : Just before the publication of a National Research Council study extolling fresh fruits and vegetables ( why do government scientists get paid to repeat what our mothers told us ? ) , and pooh - poohing the trivial pesticide residues on them , the environmentalists arranged an ambush .
A PR man for the Natural Resources Defense Council was featured on 60 Minutes , points out syndicated columnist Warren Brookes , and Ed Bradley denounced Alar as the “ most potent carcinogen in our food supply . ”
This was disinformation .
Alar — used safely since 1963 — helps ripen apples , keeps them crisper , and retards spoilage .
Using an EPA - mandated dosage 22,000 times the maximum intake of even an apple - crazy human , one rat out of the thousands tested developed a tumor .
This was the extent of the “ scientific proof ” used not only to harm the manufacturer , Uniroyal , which had to pull Alar off the market , but the entire U.S. apple industry .
A saner voice — Dr. Sanford Miller , dean of the medical school at the University of Texas at San Antonio — noted that “ the risk of pesticide residues to consumers is effectively zero . ”
But apple sales dropped , and apple growers lost more than $ 250 million , with many driven into bankruptcy .
Says Dr. Miller : 99.9 % of the pesticide carcinogens now eaten by humans are natural .
And as man-made pesticides and fungicides are banned , we are endangered .
“ Fungi produce the most potent carcinogens in nature . ”
RATS : The attack on Alar was based on rodent testing .
And many other helpful products have been forced off the market , and companies and consumers harmed , through such panics .
And now it turns out , as many of us have long thought , that such tests are defective .
Two recent articles in the journal Science — by Bruce Ames of the University of California , Berkeley , and Samuel Cohen of the University of Nebraska Medical College — have shown that it is the massive dose itself , no matter what the substance , that causes tumors .
The hyper dosages , explain these scientists , kill cells in the test animals , which their bodies then replace .
The more this takes place over the animal ’s lifetime , the greater the chance of a cell mutation leading to cancer .
As with Alar , take thousands of rats and fill them full of a chemical for their whole lives , and it can be no surprise when one develops a tumor .
This shows us that no one should try to live on Alar , but it tells us nothing about an infinitesimal residue , so small as to be barely measurable , of this helpful chemical .
GREENHOUSE :
On the first Earth Day in 1970 , environmentalists warned that we faced a new ice age unless the government took immediate and massive action .
Today , using much of the same data , they claim we are endangered by global warming .
These are the same climatologists who ca n’t tell us whether it will rain next Friday , but who are certain that the earth ’s temperature will be x degrees Celsius higher in 2,011 than today .
Increased levels of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere will melt the polar icecaps and coastal areas will flood , we ’re told .
As temperatures increase , Dallas will become a desert and Baked Alaska more than a dessert .
The proposed solution to this “ Greenhouse Effect ” is , surprise ! , more government spending and control , and lower human standards of living .
President Bush ’s new budget has $ 375 million for greenhouse research .
Yet the “ net rise in world surface temperature during the last century is about one degree Fahrenheit , ” nearly all of it before 1940 , notes syndicated columnist Alton Chase .
“ And the northern oceans have actually been getting cooler .
The much - vaunted ‘ global warming ’ figures are concocted by averaging equatorial warming with north temperate cooling . ”
A National Oceanographic and Atmospheric Administration study of ground temperature in the U.S. from 1889 to 1989 found no warming .
And a recently concluded 10 - year satellite weather study by two NASA scientists at the Huntsville Space Center and the University of Alabama also found zero warming .
There is no evidence of global warming , but even if it were to take place , many scientists say the effect would be good : it would lengthen growing seasons , make the earth more liveable , and forestall any future ice age .
Heaven and Earth : Glob ... Ian Plimer Best Price : $ 3.29 Buy New $ 13.98 ( as of 10:30 EST - Details )
CLEAN AIR ACT : Bush ’s Clean Air Act , signed into law in October 1990 , gives the EPA dictatorial power over every American business whose products might be harmful if burned .
Since almost everything is toxic if burned , this is the establishment of Green central planning .
The bill also subsidizes ethanol , methanol , and compressed natural gas , and orders manufacturers to produce expensive cars that run on them .
Ethanol , a corn - based fuel beloved of Sen. Bob Dole ( R - IRS ) and his ethanol - producing mentor , Dwayne Andreas of Archer - Daniels - Midland , gives off other forms of pollution , and is much more expensive than gasoline .
( Note : this provision , by artificially increasing this demand for corn , will also raise food prices by about $ 10 billion . )
Methanol is a highly corrosive fuel that destroys the normal automotive engine , requiring super - expensive alternatives .
It costs more than gasoline , is only half as efficient , and is so toxic as to make gasoline seem almost benign in comparison .
Compressed natural gas requires massive steel tanks .
A container holding the energy equivalent of a normal gasoline tank is much bigger and weighs 30 times as much , lowering mileage and wiping out most trunk space .
And even a minimal number of refueling stations will cost $ 15 billion .
The Clean Air Act also has higher CAFE standards ( fleet - wide economy regulations ) that will have the effect of mandating lighter and therefore more dangerous automobiles .
The bill also places new and heavy regulations on hundreds of thousands of small businesses , in the OSHA tradition .
OSHA is the quintessential Establishment regulatory agency , since the Exxons of the world can easily handle its depredations , while small businesses cannot .
It has been a tremendous relative benefit to big business , and a barrier to entrepreneurs and small firms .
The new Clean Air Act replicates this , in spades .
Any business using one of 200 common chemicals will have to undergo a lengthy and expensive licensing process .
This includes your corner dry cleaner and print shop .
And if the owner violates any regulations , knowingly or unknowingly , he will be subjected to heavy civil and even criminal penalties .
If a business gets new equipment , it will need a new permit — another bar to innovation for small companies .
And if a factory changes its production method , it too will need a new permit .
Again , this is no problem for Dow Chemical , only for Dow ’s would - be competitors .
As bad as all these provisions are , the most serious and expensive aspects of the Clean Air Act involve “ acid rain ” and the ozone layer .
ACID RAIN : Environmentalists are adept at PR , and the very name acid rain conjures up images of drops eating through your umbrella and dissolving your hair .
In fact , it means only that litmus paper turns a different color .
The environmentalists tell us that America ’s streams , rivers , and lakes are becoming dangerously acidic , and that the villain is coal burning by utility companies .
However , the government ’s own ten - year , $ 600 million National Acidic Precipitation Assessment Project — which the EPA has censored — found that acid rain is a non-problem .
Virtually all of the few acidic lakes have been that way since before the Industrial Revolution , thanks to water running through topsoil heavy with decaying vegetation .
This is also why the naturalist Alexander von Humboldt found the giant Rio Negro river system in South America acidic and fishless two hundred years ago .
Ironically , the fish in some Adirondack lakes — where there has been the most publicity — are affected by reforestation .
Cutting down trees in the early part of the century led to less acidic soil , and a more neutral pH in the water , and artificially stocked fish thrived .
Replanting over the last few decades has meant more acid .
OZONE : The other major focus of the Clean Air Act is the alleged deterioration of the ozone layer .
We ’re told that we need a robust layer of ozone to prevent too much ultra-violet B radiation .
But this is another non- problem .
Since 1974 , when we began measuring the UVB radiation level , it has declined 10 % .
Less is getting through , despite alleged anti-ozone chemicals .
Ozone is created by the action of sunshine on oxygen , so it should be no surprise that over the South Pole in the winter , when there is little sunshine , the ozone layer might thin , or even develop a temporary hole .
This has happened , it is the only place it has happened , and it was first recorded in the middle 1950s , long before the alleged chemical villains were in significant use .
The Climate Caper : Wit ... Garth W. Paltridge Best Price : $ 599.98 ( as of 10:37 EST - Details )
Ozone is harmed , we ’re told , by chlorofluorocarbons , the wonder chemicals used in air conditioners , refrigerators , and spray cans , and which are essential to the computer industry as well .
Stable and non-toxic , CFCs cannot catch fire , and they are tremendously energy efficient .
Yet the Clean Air Act will heavily tax , and eventually ban , all CFCs and related chemicals .
The planned substitutes are not only poisonous and energy inefficient , they can catch fire and even explode .
The exploding refrigerator : it seems a perfect symbol of what the Clean Air Act , and the entire environmental movement , will inflict on us for the sake of the mythical Mother Nature .
But ozone is good , we ’re told , only in the upper atmosphere .
To cut down on its incidence at street level in Los Angeles , the entire country will be fastened with additional anti-automotive and anti-industrial controls , with more bad economic effects .
A GREEN GNP ? :
The environmentalists feel they have a PR problem .
Since their explicit agenda is to make us consume less , that is , to be poorer , they worry that this may not be popular .
So they have a solution : the Green GNP .
GNP — gross national product — is already a deficient statistic .
For example , as government spending grows , so does the GNP , even though government growth subtracts from real wealth .
Nevertheless , as the statistical avatar of American business activity , the GNP has tremendous political significance .
To hide the fact that their legislation and regulation makes us poorer , the environmentalists want “ environmental quality ” incorporated into GNP .
The Environmental Protection Agency and similar bureaucracies in Western Europe are funding research to make this possible .
The federal government already owns more than 40 % of the United States .
Say , under environmentalist pressure , another billion acres is taken out of production to save an endangered weed .
Green accounting will claim that our environmental quality has been improved by x billion dollars , and add this to the GNP .
Already , the GNP figures disguise how poor we ’re getting along , thanks to government intervention in the economy .
A Green GNP will take us even further from reality .
SPOTTED OWLS :
When I visited a logging area in far northern California , I found no environmentalists .
As the Sierra Club ’s own studies demonstrate , environmentalists are upper -class types who live in places like Manhattan and Malibu , not in the woods .
Those who do have no illusions about the Earth Goddess Gaia .
Loggers know that mankind ’s very existence depends on bending nature to our will , and that if we ever stop doing so , the jungle will reclaim our cities .
The livelihood of 30,000 working families in the Northwest will be destroyed by Bush administration — approved anti-logging regulations on millions of acres , so 1,500 spotted owls can continue to live in the style to which they have become accustomed .
If you think that wiping out 20 human families per owl seems excessive , it just shows how unenlightened you are .
( Note : if the spotted owl really is “ endangered , ” and environmentalists want to save it , they should buy some land and set up an owl sanctuary .
But using their own money somehow never occurs to them . )
The environmentalists privately admit , however , that the owl is not their major concern .
It is outlawing all “ old - growth ” logging , a controversy which cuts to the heart of the environmentalist movement ( unfortunately not with an ax ) .
Old - growth trees are precious because they were not planted by man , the Great Satan of the enviro - druidic religion .
Pollution questions , although they make use of them , are irrelevant to these people .
Old trees produce much less oxygen than new trees , so according to the “ rain - forest criterion , ” we should harvest all old trees and plant new ones .
I do n’t notice any environmentalists recommending that , however .
In fact , California had a Forests Forever ballot initiative defeated in November 1990 , to ban all old - growth logging .
These are the same people , remember , who wanted to let Yellowstone ’s trees burn down because the fire was started by natural lightning .
To drive through far northern California is to be reminded of the aptness of Ronald Reagan ’s “ if you ’ve seen one tree , you ’ve seen them all ” remark .
The monotony is broken only by the occasional town , an oasis of civilization in a green desert .
Yet the environmentalists would turn these into ghost cities .
As one affluent environmentalist told me , “ those people have no business living there . ”
Now if I can only find an Audubon Society meeting so I can wear my new logger t- shirt : “ I Love Spotted Owls .
Fried . ”
The Left , The Right an ... Llewellyn H. Rockwell Jr Best Price : $ 7.33 Buy New $ 40.00 ( as of 07:55 EST - Details )
OIL : With the U.S. government prepared to go to war over oil , one would think that the environmental stranglehold on domestic energy production might be questioned .
In fact , it has been made tighter , with millions more acres , off - shore and within the U.S. , forever barred — or so the environmentalists hope — from energy production for humans .
The Arctic National Wildlife Reserve is full of oil , perhaps eight to nine billion barrels worth — even more than Prudoe Bay , points out columnist Stan Evans .
So full of oil is this government wildlife reserve that oil seeps out of the ground and into the water , for some reason causing no media hysteria at the “ desecration ” involved .
Yet this mammoth resource has been locked up by the feds through environmentalist pressure .
Production off the California , North and South Carolina , and Florida coasts is also banned , although there is probably 30 billion barrels there .
Through a coalition of rich people in places like Santa Barbara who do n’t want their free views disturbed by a distant drilling platform , and environmentalists who feel drilling contaminates Mother Earth , and might injure a seagull , the American people have been made poorer .
All federal lands should be privatized , but so long as they are government owned , they should at least be opened to productive human use , including oil production , coal and other forms of mining , and tree harvesting .
SMOKING : In 1604 , James I of England ordered his subjects to stop using tobacco , “ the horrible Stydgian smoke of the pit that is bottomless . ”
Other anti-smoking politicians have tried whippings in Russia , nose - slittings in India , and beheadings in Turkey .
One anti-smoking sultan roamed the streets of Istanbul in disguise and beheaded any tobacco seller he found .
Even our present - day fanatics would n’t go that far .
I do n’t think .
Massachusetts outlawed the sale of tobacco in the 1630s , and in the 1640s , Connecticut banned public smoking and ordered private smokers to get a license .
These measures failed , just as Turkish capital punishment had .
It was more than 150 years , points out our Gordon Dillow , before the anti-smoking movement revived .
All during the 19th century , what were called anti-smoking “ agitations ” increased .
Eugenicist Orson
Fowler even condemned it as an aphrodisiac , and warned that those who “ would be pure in your love - instinct ” should “ cast this sensualizing fire from you . ”
In 1984 , The New York Times said that “ the decadence of Spain began when the Spaniards adopted cigarettes . ”
With Americans using them , “ the ruin of the Republic is close at hand . ”
Tobacco was accused of causing color blindness , weak eyesight , baldness , stunted growth , insanity , sterility , drunkenness , impotence , sexual promiscuity , mustaches on women , and constipation .
In 1893 , New York Schools Commissioner Charles Hubbell said that “ many and many a bright lad has had his will power weakened , his moral principle sapped , his nervous system wrecked , and his whole life spoiled before he is seventeen years old by the detestable cigarette .
The ‘ cigarette fiend ’ in time becomes a liar and a thief .
He will commit petty thefts to get money to feed his insatiable appetite for nicotine .
He lies to his parents , his teachers , and his best friends .
He neglects his studies and , narcotized by nicotine , sits at his desk half stupefied , his desire for work , his ambition , dulled if not dead . ”
By 1909 , with the help of the Women ’s Christian Temperance Union , the National Anti-Cigarette League succeeded in outlawing smoking in North Dakota , Iowa , Tennessee , Wisconsin , Nebraska , Arkansas , Illinois , Kansas , Washington , South Dakota , and Minnesota .
New York City outlawed smoking by women , and 29 - year - old Katie Mulcahey was jailed for lighting up in front of a policeman and telling him : “ No man shall dictate to me . ”
When drinking was outlawed , evangelist Billy Sunday said : “ Prohibition is won ; now for tobacco . ”
The Presbyterian , Northern Baptist , and Methodist churches called for tobacco prohibition , but amidst growing public dismay about the effects of alcohol prohibition , they failed to win many more converts .
Speaking of Liberty Jr. , Llewellyn H. Rock ...
Best Price : $ 1.80 Buy New $ 8.65 ( as of 07:35 EST - Details )
A popular song seemed to sum it all up :
Tobacco is a dirty weed .
I like it .
It satisfies no normal need .
I like it .
It makes you thin , it makes you lean , It takes the hair right off your bean .
It ’s the worst darn stuff I ’ve ever seen .
I like it .
Gradually the states repealed their anti-tobacco laws .
Kansas ’s was the last to go in 1927 .
But tobacco prohibition fever is upon us once again .
California always seems to lead the way in these matters , and today , not only do they have hectoring state anti-drinking signs in their restaurants , they are subjected to an expensive and intrusive state advertising campaign against smoking .
The anti-smoketeers were bolstered in the last decade by the Ruritanian admiral with the 1,000 - mile stare , Dr. C. Everett Kopp .
As Surgeon General , he preached about the dangers of “ second - hand ” smoke .
But where was the evidence ?
An American Cancer Society study of 180,000 American women has not detected any increased risk to non-smoking wives of heavy smokers .
And a Yale Medical School study showed that tobacco smoke in the air very slightly improved the breathing ability of asthmatics !
But none of this matters .
Our health Nazis are obsessed by the idea that someone , somewhere , might be enjoying a smoke or a drink .
Therefore their $ 28.6 million government ad campaign .
I find the notion of state behavioral advertising chilling .
( Although I would n’t mind trying anti-bribe ads in the legislature . )
No one was supposed to be persuaded by the slogans that used to festoon Moscow : “ Glory to the Communist Party , ” “ Toil for the Motherland , ” etc .
They were there to demoralize the opposition .
So it is in California .
With newspaper , TV , and radio ads , the state department of health services says it will “ change the image ” of smoking from “ sexy , glamorous , youthful ” to “ dumb , dirty , dangerous . ”
While I do n’t know anyone who thinks smoking is the former , the latter sounds like a great description of the California government .
The tobacco industry works through persuasion .
The State of California ( not to speak of the U.S. government ) gets its money , and its way , at the point of a gun .
Give me Virginia Slims over the tax man any day .
SIEG HEALTH :
We ’ve always known the Nazis were economic left - wingers ( Nazi standing for National Socialist German Workers Party ) , but now — thanks to Robert N. Proctor ’s Racial Hygiene : Medicine Under the Nazis ( Harvard University Press , 1988 ) — we know they were health nuts , exercise freaks , ecologists , organic food zealots , animal righters , and alcohol and tobacco haters .
Like today ’s environmentalists , who place every bug and weed above humans , the Nazis were ardent conservationists .
They passed a host of laws to protect “ nature and nature ’s animals , ” especially “ endangered ” plants and animals .
The Nazis outlawed medical research on animals , with Hermann Goering threatening anyone who broke the law with being “ deported to a concentration camp . ”
He jailed a fisherman for six months because he cut off a bait frog ’s head while it was still alive , and the German humor magazine Simplissimus ran a cartoon with a platoon of frogs giving Goering the Nazi salute .
As believers in “ organic medicine , ” the Nazis urged the German people to eat raw fruits and vegetables , since the preservation , sterilization , and pasteurization of food meant “ alienation from nature . ”
They even hated Wonder Bread .
“ In 1935 , Reich ’s Health Fuehrer Gerhard Wager launched an attack on the recent shift from natural whole - grain bread to highly refined white bread , ” says Proctor .
Denouncing white bread as a “ chemical product , ” Wagner linked the “ bread question ” to a “ broader need to return to a diet of less meat and fats , more fruits and vegetables , and more whole - grain bread . ”
In 1935 , Wagner formed the Reich Whole - Grain Bread Committee to pressure bakers not to produce white bread , and Goebbels produced a propaganda poster tying Aryanism to whole - grain bread .
In 1935 , only 1 % of German bakeries were health - food stores .
By 1943 , 23 % were .
The Nazis were also anti-pesticide , with Hitler ’s personal physician , Theodore Morell , declaring the DDT especially was “ both useless and dangerous . ”
He prevented its distribution .
The Nazis funded massive research into the environmental dangers of background radiation , lead , asbestos , and mercury .
They campaigned against artificial colorings and preservatives , and demanded more use of organic “ pharmaceuticals , cosmetics , fertilizers , and foods . ”
Government medical journals blamed cancer on red meat and chemical preservatives .
Drinking was actively discouraged , and there were stiff penalties for anyone caught driving drunk , with the police — for the first time — empowered to give mandatory blood alcohol tests .
Hitler , a vegetarian and health - food enthusiast , was also a teetotaler .
Himmler shared Hitler ’s hatred for alcohol , and had his S.S. promote the production of fruit juices and mineral water as substitutes .
Hitler especially hated smoking , however , and he would allow no one to smoke in his presence .
When the state of Saxony established the Institute for the Struggle Against Tobacco at the University of Jena in 1942 , he donated 100,000 RM of his own money to it .
He also banned smoking on city trains and buses .
The Nazis believed in natural childbirth , mid-wifery , and breastfeeding , and women who breastfed their children instead of using “ artificial formula ” received a subsidy from the state .
By the middle 1930s , the Nazis had outlawed physician - assisted births in favor of midwives .
The Nazis also promoted herbal medicine , and the S.S. farms at Dachau were billed as the “ largest research institute for natural herbs and medicines in Europe . ”
No wonder our eco-leftists have that glint in their eye .
From now on , I ’m going to check if they are wearing armbands .
Animal Lovers and People Haters
One of the fastest growing and most radical parts of the environmental movement is the animal rightists .
They too worship nature , but make a cult out of animals whom they equate with human beings , and in fact place above us .
BABY SEALS : About ten years ago , we were subjected to a barrage of photos and news stories about big - eyed seal pups hunted for their fur .
Greenpeace stirred a worldwide propaganda campaign , and the European Community and others banned the import of the pelts .
This not only wiped out the livelihood of the natives who hunted the seals , but it harmed the fishing industry .
With no hunting to keep the seal population under control , the animals are devouring increasingly scarce fish and damaging nets .
The Economics of Liberty Rockwell Jr. , Llewelly ...
Best Price : $ 4.32 Buy New $ 6.41 ( as of 12:00 EST - Details )
Some bureaucrats are proposing a government seal hunt ( no private hunters , of course ) , but the environmentalists have prevented it .
Meanwhile , stocks of cod and other fish continue to drop .
Do the environmentalists care ?
We “ should n’t eat anything with a face , ” one told me .
FLIPPED OUT : One environmentalists ’
Victim of the Month was the dolphin .
Some of the animals were caught inadvertently by tuna fishermen , but Flipper reruns on TV must have convinced millions of Americans that dolphins are intelligent , so the environmentalists were able to persuade them to spear the tuna industry .
Santa Barbara , California , has now declared a Dolphin Awareness Day ; school children all across America engaged in letter - writing campaigns ( those who still could , despite the government schools ) ; and San Francisco kids were denounced if they brought tuna sandwiches to school .
The Audubon Society , the Humane Society , the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals , Greenpeace , People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals ( PETA ) , and a host of similar organizations wanted an end , in effect , to the organized American tuna industry , and they may get it .
The Marine Mammal Protection Act , passed by Congress and signed by President Reagan in 1981 , imposed convoluted regulations on the industry in the name of saving dolphins .
But that ’s not good enough , says Congresswoman Barbara Boxer ( D - CA ) : dolphins “ have creative centers larger than humans . ”
Or at least larger than members of Congress .
So new federal restrictions are needed .
Even before the politicians could act , however , Greenpeace and other environmental groups pressured the four major tuna companies to stop using fish caught by nets because an occasional dolphin might be caught .
The livelihood of American tuna fishermen , with the life savings of whole families invested in expensive boats and equipment , was , of course , irrelevant .
The companies will now only buy tuna from the western Pacific , where there are no dolphins , and no American fishermen .
The environmentalists admit , be it noted , that they also cherish the life of the tuna , and want it also protected from fishermen , but they will have to wait .
Charlie has n’t had his own TV show yet .
EXTINCTION : From the snail darter to the furbish lousewort , every existing animal and plant species must be kept in existence by the government — claim the environmentalists — even if human rights are violated .
But why ?
Most of the species that have existed since the “ creation , " from trilobites to dinosaurs , are now extinct through normal processes .
Why not allow this to continue ?
If , for scientific or entertainment purposes , some people want to preserve this species or that on their own land and at their own expense , great .
Zoos and universities do this already .
But the rest of us should not be taxed and regulated , and have our property rights wiped out , to save every weed and bug .
The only environmental impact that counts is that on humans .
FUR : In Aspen , Colorado , voters defeated a proposed ban on fur sales , but in most places it is the furaphobes who make themselves felt , especially since they are willing to use almost any tactic .
They spray - paint women in fur coats , slash coats with razors and burn down fur stores .
Last year , they put incendiary bombs in the fur - selling areas of department stores all over the San Francisco Bay area .
Police suspect the Animal Liberation Front ( ALF ) , which has been charged with using identical devices elsewhere .
But such is the environmentalist influence in the media that there was little publicity .
ALF , which the California attorney general calls a terrorist organization , says it seeks “ to inflict economic damage on animal torturers , ” from fur sellers to medical researchers .
MEDICAL RESEARCH : A physician researching Sudden Infant Death Syndrome , Dr. John Orem , “ conducted ground breaking — and painless — research on cats , ” notes Katie McCabe in The Washingtonian , “ until his lab was trashed by the Animal Liberation Front . ”
Children may die as a result , but ALF says : so what ?
Anything is justified to stop the use of animals .
Congress listens respectfully to animal - rights lobbyists , and has passed legislation making medical research more expensive .
One amendment from then - Sen . John Melcher ( D - MT ) requires researchers to protect the “ psychological well - being ” of monkeys ( whom Congressmen must feel close to ) at an estimated cost of $ 1 billion .
This plays , however , directly into the hands of people - killers .
Who knows how many cures will go undiscovered because of these restrictions ?
Thousands of babies have been saved because we know about the Rh factor , which was discovered through the use of rhesus monkeys .
But animal rights advocates say it is better that babies die than that monkeys be used to save them .
Even Rep. Bob Dornan ( R - CA ) has pushed animal - rights legislation that would add billions to medical research costs .
Not that he goes all the way with these people .
Although named “ Legislator of the Year ” by the radical PETA , Dornan still “ wears leather shoes . ”
Until PETA outlaws them , that is , for the animal rightists see cow leather as no different than human skin .
Fred Barnes reports in The New Republic — itself pro-animal rights — that the Bush administration has buckled under animal rights pressure ( Barbara is rumored to be a supporter ) and “ strongly opposed ” legislation empowering the FBI to investigate terrorist attacks on medical research facilities .
In a cover story on the subject , New Republic senior editor Robert Wright says he was converted by the “ stubborn logic ” of the animal - rights movement , although he — like Dornan — does n’t go all the way .
He still believes in “ the use of primates in AIDS research . ”
ANTS AND SWANS :
The animal rights lobby wants them to outlaw any use of animals in medical research , food , or clothing .
There is “ no rational basis for saying that a human being has special rights , ” says Ingrid Newkirk , director of PETA .
“ The smallest form of life , even an ant or a clam , is equal to a human being . ”
The “ murder of animals , ” says Alex Pacheco , chairman of PETA , is equivalent to the “ murder of men . ”
Eating oysters on the halfshell makes you Charles Manson .
Recently there was an uproar in southern Connecticut .
The state ’s wildlife division had proposed , in the face of an out - of - control swan population , to “ shake eggs . ”
The swans — large , heavy , aggressive birds with no natural predators in the area — were attacking children .
The swans could n’t , of course , be hunted , so rangers were deputized to rattle fertilized eggs to prevent hatching .
Thousands of residents protested this violation of the swans ’ rights , many proponents of human abortion among them .
If children were injured by the swans , so be it .
( Note : This is in the Green tradition .
Rousseau abandoned his five children as “ an inconvenience ” and animal - rights activists are typically pro-abortion . )
Let ’s get serious , says a PETA spokeswoman : “ Six million Jews died in concentration camps , but six billion broiler chickens will die this year in slaughter houses . ”
The Politics of Environmentalism
From FDR to the present , the Democrats have been bad on environmentalism .
It played an important part in the New Deal and the Great Society ( Lyndon Johnson called himself “ the Conservation President ” ) , and any day I expect to see the Democrats designate trees as what Joe Sobran calls an Officially Accredited Minority , with a certain number of seats ( plastic , of course ) in their national convention .
But environmentalism got its political start under the original liberal Republican : Teddy Roosevelt .
As no one who knows Washington will be surprised to learn , there were special interests at work .
When the federal government established the national parks system , and locked up millions of acres , it made other land — held especially by the timber and railroad interests associated with J.P. Morgan , Roosevelt ’s mentor — much more valuable .
Some of these interests were the funders of the original conservation lobbying organization .
Richard Nixon continued this tradition when he established — by executive order — the Environmental Protection Agency .
Not surprisingly , the EPA ’s budget has been dominated by sewage - treatment and other construction contracts for well - connected big businessmen .
But small and medium businesses , and the American consumer , have suffered from its endless regulations .
And now the EPA is to be elevated by President Bush — the “ Environment President ” — into a cabinet department .
President Bush has also proposed a New Deal — style $ 2 billion program to plant a billion saplings , none of them members of Congress .
Are we short of trees ?
No , but the president is “ genuinely fond of trees , ” says a White House aide .
And although no one thinks it will “ cure the Greenhouse effect , ” it ’s “ symbolic of his commitment to the environment . ”
America foresters , farmers , landowners , and homeowners do n’t know the proper number of trees , but Washington , D.C. , does .
World Government and the Environment
Some problems , like alleged global warming , are so enormous , say the environmentalists , that only world government can solve them .
And the one - world - types who infest the national Democrats and the resurgent Rockefeller wing of the Republican Party are glad to comply .
Right now , the State Department and the EPA are negotiating a plan , based on the new Clean Air Act , to issue pollution permits worldwide .
Third World countries would get “ excess ” permits , which they could then sell to Western companies , bringing about another transfer of wealth from the West to the Third World , which will undoubtedly be used to pay back the big bank loans of Third World governments .
Establishmentarian Elliot L. Richardson , writing in The New York Times , says that “ nothing will be done ” environmentally “ without an institutional mechanism to develop , institute , and enforce regulations across national boundaries . ”
To build “ a global Environmental Protection Agency , ” perhaps run like “ the United Nations General Assembly , ” that could levy taxes and impose controls to make sure there is “ equitable burden sharing , ” the U.S. government must lead the way in the “ interest of the entire world community . ”
Ever since Woodrow Wilson , liberals have been infected with the idea of world government .
With the melding of the European Community and the coming establishment of its tax authority and central bank , the Trilateralist ideal has come closer .
Patriotic Americans must reject this globaloney , and not only on grounds of national sovereignty .
We know how difficult it is to deal with city hall , let alone the state or federal government .
A world bureaucracy would be a taxing , meddling nightmare .
Well - connected international lawyers like Elliot Richardson would do well , but the average American would get it in the neck .
The Economics of Environmentalism
Once we reject utopianism , and realize that — for example — eight million people can’t live in Los Angeles and have air like rural Colorado ’s — we can set about solving real environmental problems through the only possible mechanism : private property and the price system .
When the price system functions freely , it brings supply and demand into rough equality , ensuring that resources are put to their most - valued uses .
To the extent that government meddles with prices , it ensures waste , hampers entrepreneurship , and makes people poorer .
If coffee — for whatever reason — becomes scarcer , its price goes up , which tells consumers to drink less .
If more coffee comes on the market , its price goes down , telling consumers they can drink more .
Prices thus constitute a system of resource conservation .
But environmentalists pretend — like Soviet central planners — to know economic values without prices .
They claim we are “ running out ” of everything , and thus we need government controls on consumption .
But if we really were running out of , say , oil , its price would skyrocket , telling consumers to use less and entrepreneurs to seek substitutes .
And when the oil supply was threatened by the Iraqi War , that ’s exactly what happened .
Neither do the voluntary eco-restrictions work as intended .
The environmentalists are forever telling us to be poorer and use less water , less gasoline , less toilet paper , etc .
But if they reduce their consumption , it lowers the price for the rest of us , and we can use more .
( P.S. : Do n’t pass this on to the environmentalists ; it ’s the one favor they do the rest of us . )
When anything is commonly owned — like air and water — we see all the bad effects of socialism .
People abuse the resource because they do not have to bear the price .
To solve this problem , anyone who is personally harmed , or his business damaged , by air pollution ought to be able to sue to stop it , and receive damages .
But the federal government intervened in this common - law process in the 19th century to favor special interests , making it impossible , to take a real example , for a farmer to sue a railroad whose spark emissions burned down his orchard .
If you like this site , please help keep it going and growing .
The federal government also nationalized the coasts and waterways specifically to smooth the way for industrial special interests .
If , as is the case with many waterways in England and other countries , people had property rights in the streams and rivers running through their land , they could prevent pollution just as they prevent trash - dumping in their front yard .
And if fishermen and homeowners held property rights in the coasts and adjacent waters , they could prevent pollution and properly allocate fishing rights .
The recent hysteria over African elephant tusks was another problem of property rights .
If people were allowed to raise elephants and sell their tusks — as even the Zimbabwean government pointed out — there would be no more and no fewer elephant tusks than there should be .
The same principle applies to all other resources .
If left in common ownership , there will be misuse .
If put in private hands , we will have the right amount : supply will meet demand .
An example of market conservation was the Cayman Turtle Farm in the British West Indies .
The green sea turtle was considered endangered , thanks to over - harvesting due to common ownership .
The Farm was able to hatch eggs and bring the hatchlings to maturity at a far higher rate than in nature .
Its stock grew to 80,000 green turtles .
But the environmentalists hated the Cayman Turtle Farm , since in their view it is morally wrong to profit from wildlife .
The Farm was driven out of business and the green turtle is again on the endangered species list .
Greens — like all liberals — justify government intervention because of what economists call “ public goods ” and “ externalities . ”
A “ public good ” is supposed to be something we all want , but ca n’t get , unless government provides it .
Environmentalists claim everyone wants national parks , but the market wo n’t provide them , so the government must .
But how can we know , independent of the market , that everyone does want these expensive parks ?
Or how many parks of what sort ?
We could take a survey , but that does n’t tell us the intensity of economic demand .
More important , it is not enough to know that people want , for example , diamonds .
That means something economically only ff they are willing to give up other things to obtain them .
Amazingly , liberal economists have never developed a way to identify these so - called public goods , so - objective scientists that they are - they use intuition .
Paul Samuelson ’s favorite example was the lighthouse , until Ronald Coase demonstrated that private entrepreneurs had provided lighthouses for centuries .
If we realize that only the market can give us economic information , the alleged problem of public goods disappears .
Absent government prohibitions and subsidies , or competition from “ free ” parks , the market will ensure that we have exactly the number and type of parks that the American people want , and are willing to pay for .
Moreover , if we sell all the national parks , we can pay off the federal debt .
An “ externality ” is a side - effect .
Your neighbors ’ attractive new landscaping is a positive externality ; their barking dog is a negative one .
One is a blessing , the other an irritant , but you voluntarily purchase neither .
Environmentalists say , for example , that trash is a negative externality of consumerism .
So they advocate more regulation and bureaucracy to solve it .
Yet the free market solves this much more justly and efficiently through property rights .
Privatize everything and the externalities are “ internalized , ” that is , those who ought to bear the costs do .
But to environmentalists , human prosperity is itself a negative externality .
How To Think About Environmentalism
Chicken or chicory , elephant or endive , the natural order is valuable only in so far as it serves human needs and purposes .
Our very existence is based on our dominion over nature ; it was created for that end , and it is to that end that it must be used — through a private - property , free - market order .
The environmental movement is openly anti-human and virulently statist .
Is it any coincidence that the Nazis exalted animals , nature , and vegetarianism above humans , civilization , and civilized eating , or that our environmentalists have an air of green goose step about them ?
The environmentalists must be opposed — if they will excuse the expression — root and branch .
But it will not be easy .
On a recent Saturday morning , I sat down with my nine - year - old daughter to watch a cartoon .
The villain , Mr. DeForest , wanted to cut down trees on his property and build a lakeside hotel .
He and his employees were thuggish and greedy , whereas the characters who deprived this man of his property rights , and prevented the establishment of a business that would have improved the life of every human in the area , were heroes .
The schools and media spread similar propaganda .
There is even a “ Pledge of Allegiance to The Earth . ”
Earth Day 1990 was celebrated on April 22nd , which by no coincidence was Lenin ’s birthday .
Rather than joining the earth - worshippers with their missals of 50 Simple Things You Can Do To Save the Earth and The Sexual Politics of Meat : A Feminist - Vegetarian Critical Theory , I took a different tack .
I spritzed some hairspray at the sky ( not having enough hair to justify pointing it at me ) , used up a whole roll of paper towels , turned the refrigerator thermostat down , mixed newspapers with my garbage , filled up my car at an Exxon station , turned on all the lights , and took my daughter to McDonald ’s for cheeseburgers , since they still had those nice , clean styrofoam containers .
Unfortunately , it was n’t cold enough to wear my fur hat .
Books by Lew Rockwell
The Best of Llewellyn H. Rockwell , Jr.
This is the second part of a seven - part article on Perl one - liners .
In this part I will create various one - liners for line numbering .
See part one for introduction of the series .
Perl one - liners is my attempt to create " perl1line.txt " that is similar to " awk1line.txt " and " sed1line.txt " that have been so popular among Awk and Sed programmers .
The article on Perl one - liners will consist of at least seven parts :
The one - liners will make heavy use of Perl special variables .
A few years ago I compiled all the Perl special variables in a single file and called it Perl special variable cheat - sheet .
Even tho it's mostly copied out of perldoc perlvar , it 's still handy to have in front of you .
Print it !
Awesome news : I have written an e-book based on this article series .
Check it out :
And here are today 's one - liners :
Line Numbering
9 . Number all lines in a file .
perl - pe ' $_ = " $ . $ _ " '
As I explained in the first one - liner , " - p " causes Perl to assume a loop around the program ( specified by " - e " ) that reads each line of input into the " $ " variable , executes the program and then prints the " $ " variable .
In this one - liner I simply modify " $ _ " and prepend the " $. " variable to it .
The special variable " $. " contains the current line number of input .
The result is that each line gets its line number prepended .
10 . Number only non-empty lines in a file .
perl - pe ' $_ = ++$ a. " $ _ " if /./'
Here we employ the " action if condition " statement that executes " action " only if " condition " is true .
In this case the condition is a regular expression " /./ " , which matches any character except newline ( that is , it matches a non-empty line ) ; and the action is " $ = ++$ a. " $ " " , which prepends variable " $ a " incremented by one to the current line .
As we did n't use strict pragma , $ a was created automatically .
The result is that at each non-empty line " $ a " gets incremented by one and prepended to that line .
And at each empty line nothing gets modified and the empty line gets printed as is .
11 . Number and print only non-empty lines in a file ( drop empty lines ) .
perl - ne ' print ++$ a. " $ _ " if /./'
This one - liner uses the " - n " program argument that places the line in " $ _ " variable and then executes the program specified by " - e " .
Unlike " - p " , it does not print the line after executing code in " - e " , so we have to call " print " explicitly to get it printed .
The one - liner calls " print " only on lines that have at least one character in them .
And exactly like in the previous one - liner , it increments the line number in variable " $ a " by one for each non-empty line .
The empty lines simply get ignored and never get printed .
12 . Number all lines but print line numbers only non-empty lines .
perl - pe ' $_ = " $. $ _ " if /./'
This one - liner is similar to one - liner # 10 .
Here I modify the " $ _ " variable that holds the entire line only if the line has at least one character .
All other lines ( empty ones ) get printed without line numbers .
13 . Number only lines that match a pattern , print others unmodified .
perl - pe ' $_ = ++$ a. " $ _ " if / regex / '
Here we again use the " action if condition " statement but the condition in this case is a pattern ( regular expression ) " / regex / " .
The action is the same as in one - liner # 10 .
I do n't want to repeat , see # 10 for explanation .
14 . Number and print only lines that match a pattern .
perl - ne ' print ++$ a. " $ _ " if / regex / '
This one - liner is almost exactly like # 11 .
The only difference is that it prints numbered lines that match only " / regex / " .
15 . Number all lines , but print line numbers only for lines that match a pattern .
perl - pe ' $_ = " $. $ _ " if / regex / '
This one - liner is similar to the previous one - liner and to one - liner # 12 .
Here the line gets its line number prepended if it matches a / regex / , otherwise it just gets printed without a line number .
16 . Number all lines in a file using a custom format ( emulate cat - n ) .
perl - ne ' printf " % - 5d %s " , $. , $ _ '
This one - liner uses the formatted print " printf " function to print the line number together with line .
In this particular example the line numbers are left aligned on 5 char boundary .
Some other nice format strings are " %5d " that right - aligns line numbers on 5 char boundary and " %05d " that zero - fills and right - justifies the line numbers .
Here my Perl printf cheat sheet might come handy that lists all the possible format specifiers .
17 .
Print the total number of lines in a file ( emulate wc - l ) .
perl - lne ' END { print $ . }'
This one - liner uses the " END " block that Perl probably took as a feature from Awk language .
The END block gets executed after the program has executed .
In this case the program is the hidden loop over the input that was created by the " - n " argument .
After it has looped over the input , the special variable " $. " contains the number of lines there was in the input .
The END block prints this variable .
The " -l " parameter sets the output record separator for " print " to a newline ( so that we did n't have to print " $ .
" ) .
Another way to do the same is :
perl - le ' print $ n= ( ) = <>'
This is a tricky one , but easy to understand if you know about Perl contexts .
In this one - liner the " ( ) = <> " part causes the <> operator ( the diamond operator ) to evaluate in list context , that causes the diamond operator to read the whole file in a list .
Next , " $n " gets evaluated in scalar context .
Evaluating a list in a scalar context returns the number of elements in the list .
Thus the " $ n= ( ) = <> " construction is equal to the number of lines in the input , that is number of lines in the file .
The print statement prints this number out .
The " -l " argument makes sure a newline gets added after printing out this number .
This is the same as writing the following , except longer :
perl - le ' print scalar ( ( ) = <> ) '
And completely obvious version :
perl - le ' print scalar( @foo= < > ) '
Yet another way to do it :
perl - ne ' }{print $.'
This one - liner uses the eskimo operator " }{ " in conjunction with " - n " command line argument .
As I explained in one - liner # 11 , the " - n " argument forces Perl to assume a " while ( < > ) { } " loop around the program .
The eskimo operator forces Perl to escape the loop , and the program turns out to be :
while ( <>) { }{ # eskimo operator here print $ . ; }
It 's easy to see that this program just loops over all the input and after it 's done doing so , it prints the " $. " , which is the number of lines in the input .
18 . Print the number of non-empty lines in a file .
perl - le ' print scalar ( grep{ /./}<> ) '
This one - liner uses the " grep " function that is similar to the grep Unix command .
Given a list of values , " grep {condition} " returns only those values that match condition .
In this case the condition is a regular expression that matches at least one character , so the input gets filtered and the " grep { / ./} " returns all lines that were non empty .
To get the number of characters we evaluate the list in scalar context and print the result .
( As I mentioned in the previous one - liner list in scalar context evaluates to number of elements in the list ) .
A golfer 's version of this one - liner would be to replace " scalar ( ) " with " ~ ~ " ( double bitwise negate ) , thus it can be shortened :
perl - le ' print ~~grep{/./}<>'
This can be made even shorter :
perl - le ' print~~grep /./,<>'
19 .
Print the number of empty lines in a file .
perl - lne ' $ a ++ if /^$/ ; END {print $ a+0} '
Here I use variable $ a to count how many empty lines have I encountered .
Once I have finished looping over all the lines , I print the value of $ a in the END block .
I use " $ a+0 " construction to make sure " 0 " gets output if no lines were empty .
I could have also modified the previous one - liner :
perl - le ' print scalar ( grep{ / ^$ /}<> )'
Or written it with " ~ ~ " :
perl - le ' print ~~grep{/^$ /}<>'
These last two versions are not as effective , as they would read the whole file in memory .
Where as the first one would do it line by line .
20 .
Print the number of lines in a file that match a pattern ( emulate grep - c ) .
perl - lne ' $ a ++ if / regex / ; END {print $ a+0 } '
This one - liner is basically the same as the previous one , except it increments the line counter $ a by one in case a line matches a regular expression / regex / .
Perl one - liners explained e-book
I 've now written the " Perl One - Liners Explained " e-book based on this article series .
I went through all the one - liners , improved explanations , fixed mistakes and typos , added a bunch of new one - liners , added an introduction to Perl one - liners and a new chapter on Perl 's special variables .
Please take a look :
Have fun and until next time
Have fun with these one - liners .
These were really easy this time .
The next part is going to be about various calculations and I 'll publish it in a couple of weeks .
Stay tuned .
The Webcomic List primarily helps you keep track of which of your favourite online comics have updated .
To do this we monitor over 26200 online comics , checking them several times a day ; this enables us to keep you updated as fast as possible .
Some things you should check out while you are here : Latest Updates -
Check out which online comics have updated recently .
See it really does work !
- Check out which online comics have updated recently .
See it really does work !
Comic News -
Want to know what 's going on in the comic world ?
Well look no further this is the place for you .
- Want to know what 's going on in the comic world ?
Well look no further this is the place for you .
Comic Profiles -
Over 26200 comic profiles , go check them out .
You might find some hidden gems you never knew about !
- Over 26200 comic profiles , go check them out .
You might find some hidden gems you never knew about !
Register -
Once registered you can grab yourself a personalised favourites list and change how the site works to suit your needs .
- Once registered you can grab yourself a personalised favourites list and change how the site works to suit your needs .
Submit Your Comic -
Do you have a webcomic that is n't on this list ?
Well get it added !
Update ( 25/4/09 ) .
Since the launch , the number of pages on the Tricki has doubled ( from 104 to 208 ) , and is increasing fast .
Main post .
If you have visited the Tricki recently , then you will already know that it has gone live .
I ’ve delayed posting about it until we were sure that everything was fully transferred : if you visit the prelive site you are now automatically redirected to the proper site , which you can also get to by clicking here .
The URL is http://www.tricki.org.
A few small points to note here .
In response to comments , we have introduced some new features .
One is a feature for marking an article as a stub .
Our working definition of a stub is that it should have no substantial mathematical content , and should not link forwards to any articles with substantial mathematical content .
( That is , a parent of a non -stub is always a non-stub . )
The thought behind this is that there are two directed graphs of interest : one with all articles , whether written or unwritten , and the other the set of all ancestors of articles with interesting content .
The stub feature allows one to explore either of these trees with ease , because if an article is marked as a stub , then all links to that article are clearly marked as well , with a little leaf symbol .
A second change is that in the Forums section we have a section called “ Article requests ” .
If you think there ought to be an article on a certain topic , but are not in a position to write it ( because you are short of time , or do n’t know enough about the topic , or just do n’t feel like it ) , then it will be very valuable to the Tricki enterprise if you write , in enough detail to make clear what you have in mind , a contribution to the forum in which you ask for somebody to write it for you .
More generally , pretty well any kind of feedback is helpful , and has already made a difference for the better ( as the two changes just described indicate ) .
A less direct way of requesting articles is one that I myself have been doing a lot : I just create links to non-existent articles .
I should probably change most of these dead links into stubs , to give more idea of what I hope these articles will contain .
Another way of helping the Tricki without a huge investment of time is to add more such links .
For example , if you see a navigation page ( a page that consists mainly of links to articles on some given topic ) and feel that the list of links is incomplete in some obvious way , then by all means add to it .
Again , it ’s probably better to create the articles in question as stubs rather than giving just a title : an obvious way of doing this is to write just the quick description and not the main body of the article .
A medium - quick way of contributing is to add examples to articles that are a bit short of them .
This should be much easier than creating an article from scratch , because the technique in question will already have been explained by somebody else .
But while I hope that there will be many small contributions of this kind , the success or failure of the Tricki will in the end depend on whether we get enough new articles with substantial content , and also on whether we can keep control of the organization of the articles .
On the first point , let me put it like this : if every mathematician who has visited the site so far were to contribute one “ core ” article , we would have a much bigger and more varied collection of articles than we have at the moment , and would already get to the stage where no single person was likely to read every article on the site .
In other words , it would get to the critical stage where one could find something new and interesting whenever one visited the site .
And surely all mathematicians have at least one Tricki article in them — one not completely obvious technique that they know and find useful .
As for the organization , if you come across an article and have the reaction , “ This is an interesting and useful article , but the people who would benefit from it are most unlikely to realize that it is here , ” then please do something about it .
There are many things that you could do .
You could create a new navigation page with links to that article and related ones ( either already existing or to be created at some point in the future ) .
You could add a link to an existing navigation page .
Or you could start a new forum topic by saying something like , “ There is an article on X but it seems hard to find .
Does anyone have any good ideas about how to categorize it ? ”
If you do n’t really believe that the Tricki would be all that useful to mathematicians , then these remarks are not aimed at you .
But if you like the idea of the Tricki , then what I am asking for is a few hours of your time : if enough people are prepared to do a bit of work on it , then each person should get out far more than they put in .
( In other words , it ’s a typical prisoner ’s - dilemma type of situation . )
This post is starting to ramble a bit , because I ’ve just thought of something I should have mentioned earlier .
Another quick way for some people to contribute is to modify things they have already written .
There are informal accounts of bits of mathematics dotted all over the internet : I am hoping that many of them will migrate over to the Tricki , where they can fit into a more organized structure and benefit from the different search methods that are available .
Added later : if you find that you have technical problems , then the quickest way of getting them dealt with is probably to send an email to webmaster at tricki dot org .
That way you ’ll reach whichever of Alex and Olof is next available .
( Of course , “ at ” and “ dot ” should be replaced by the appropriate symbols . )
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
More than 20 former prisoners at a US detention centre in Afghanistan have alleged they were beaten , deprived of sleep and threatened with dogs , according to a BBC report .
The BBC interviewed 27 people who were held at the Bagram military base between 2002 and 2008 .
None of them was ever charged or tried .
The former inmates made repeated allegations of ill - treatment , saying they were subjected to physical abuse , excessive temperatures and loud noise , forced into stress positions and ordered to undress in front of female soldiers .
Four detainees claim they were threatened with death at gunpoint .
" They did things that you would not do against animals , let alone to humans , " said one inmate .
" They poured cold water on you in winter and hot water in summer .
They used dogs against us .
They put a pistol or a gun to your head and threatened you with death .
They put some kind of medicine in the juice or water to make you sleepless and then they would interrogate you . "
The BBC 's allegations were put to the Pentagon , which denied them and insisted that all Bagram inmates were treated humanely .
Lieutenant Colonel Mark Wright , a spokesman for the US secretary of defence , said conditions on the base met " international standards for care and custody " .
He said the defence department 's policy was to treat detainees humanely .
In an apparent allusion to the Abu Ghraib abuse scandal in Iraq , he said : " There have been well - documented instances where that policy was not followed , and service members have been held accountable for their actions in those cases . "
Thousands of people have been held in Bagram since the start of US operations in Afghanistan eight years ago , and a new detention facility is being built there .
Some of Bagram 's detainees – who include Pakistanis and at least two Britons – are forcibly taken there from abroad .
Barack Obama has banned the use of torture , set up a review of how detainees are treated and ordered the closure of the Guantánamo Bay prison .
But his actions may mean little to those held in Bagram .
Inmates in the Afghan base do not have access to lawyers and cannot challenge their detention .
Tina Foster , of the International Justice Network , which represents four Bagram prisoners , told the BBC that its inmates were being held in " a legal black hole , without access to lawyers or courts " .
Foster is trying to ensure that detainees at Bagram are granted the same rights as those still held at Guantánamo , but the White House is opposing her efforts .
Eleven US soldiers were convicted over Abu Ghraib after graphic photographs shown around the world highlighted the abuse of inmates .
Quick Vote
How secure do you feel in your job ?
Extremely secure
Fairly secure
A little insecure
Not secure at all or View results
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
The Securities and Exchange Commission on Thursday filed securities fraud charges against former Countrywide Chief Executive Angelo Mozilo and two other former executives .
The trio was charged with deliberately misleading investors by telling them the company was a quality lender of mostly prime mortgages and had prudent underwriting standards , while it actually was engaging in very risky lending practices in order to build and maintain market share .
Mozilo was also charged with insider trading for selling his Countrywide stock for nearly $ 140 million in profits while knowing that Countrywide 's business model was deteriorating .
Along with Mozilo , the SEC charged former Chief Operating Officer and President David Sambol and former Chief Financial Officer Eric Sieracki with hiding the company 's true practices and condition from shareholders .
" This is the tale of two companies , " said Robert Khuzami , director of the SEC's Division of Enforcement .
" Countrywide portrayed itself as underwriting mainly prime quality mortgages using high underwriting standards .
But concealed from shareholders was the true Countrywide , an increasingly reckless lender assuming greater and greater risk . "
From 2005 to 2007 , Countrywide engaged in an unprecedented expansion of its underwriting guidelines and was writing riskier and riskier loans , according to the SEC .
The senior executives knew that defaults and delinquencies would rise .
In particular , the SEC pointed to Countrywide 's increased origination of pay - option mortgages , which allow borrowers to choose their monthly payments even if they do n't cover the entire interest amount .
While the lender maintained they were being prudently underwritten , the SEC says , Mozilo wrote in an email that there was evidence that borrowers were lying on their applications and many would be unable to handle the eventual higher payments .
Also , Mozilo was very concerned about the lender 's 80 - 20 mortgage product , which allowed borrowers to take out two loans to cover the entire cost of the house .
He called it " the most dangerous product in existence . "
" In all my years in the business I have never seen a more toxic prduct [ sic ] , " he wrote in an email to Sambol , according to the SEC .
By the end of 2006 , Countrywide 's underwriting guidelines were as wide as they had ever been , the SEC said .
Countrywide made an increasing number of loans based on exceptions to those already wide guidelines , even though these mortgages had a higher rate of default .
The SEC 's civil action seeks financial penalties and the return of ill - gotten gains .
An attorney for Mozilo called the SEC 's allegations " baseless . "
" Mr. Mozilo acted properly and lawfully at all times as the CEO of Countrywide , " said David Siegel .
" Those sales were entirely lawful , complied with applicable laws and regulations , and were made under the terms of a series of written sales plans which were reviewed and approved by responsible professionals . "
Siegel said it is " demonstrably false " that Mozilo knew about risky lending practices at Countrywide and refused to disclose them .
" The mix and risks of Countrywide 's loan portfolio and its underwriting standards were well disclosed to and understood by the marketplace . "
Sambol 's attorney said the SEC has no case against his client .
" Indeed , Dave 's own statements during investor presentations and earnings calls demonstrate that he provided the detailed , accurate information the SEC now falsely asserts was absent from Countrywide 's public filings , " said Walter Brown .
Sieracki's attorney said her client did not violate any securities laws .
" The Company provided robust , timely information concerning the risks affecting its business and monthly information on loan delinquencies , " said attorney Shirli Weiss .
Countrywide acquired by Bank of America
Mozilo , who founded the company in a New York apartment , built Countrywide into the nation 's largest mortgage lender .
But Countrywide buckled during the housing meltdown and was acquired last year by Bank of America ( BAC , Fortune 500 ) .
BofA came under heavy fire for originally naming Sambol to lead the combined company 's mortgage operations .
A few months later , the bank reversed course before the acquisition was completed , saying Sambol would retire and appointing a BofA veteran to the top mortgage post instead .
" Current economic and business conditions have highlighted the need for strong and focused executive leadership with a deep understanding of the Bank of America culture and operating model , " said BofA Chief Executive Lewis said at the time .
Soon after the acquisition closed , BofA entered into an $ 8.7 billion settlement with a group of state attorneys general over Countrywide 's lending practices .
The bank agreed to modify the loans of certain Countrywide borrowers with subprime and pay - option mortgages .
In the first four months of the program , BofA contacted more than 100,000 potentially eligible borrowers , twice the requirement in the agreement , and completed modifications for more than 50,000 of them .
Bank of America referred comment to Siegel , saying the Countrywide executives were not employed at the company following the acquisition .
Mozilo became a poster boy for the subprime crisis .
He reportedly stood to collect a windfall of $ 115 million in the $ 4 billion sale to BofA .
But after facing heavy criticism from lawmakers , Mozilo said he would forfeit $ 37.5 million in payments tied to the deal .
CNN Senior Producer Scott Spoerry contributed to this report .
Remember that dizzying , quarter - mile - high glass observation deck that opened on the 103rd story of Chicago 's Sears Tower recently ?
Well , the New York Times now has an interesting article about the science of making the damn thing work without killing anyone .
Basically the designers had to make the glass five layers thick , using various new polymers and whatnot to ensure that the whole structure would n't crumble and send people plummeting to their dooms .
The firm that built The Ledge and another group , who made big inroads in the glass architecture field by building all of the glass stairs that bedeck Apple stores across the nation , both have an end goal for all this alchemy : " Ultimately what we 're all striving for is an all - glass structure . "
Sounds like fun !
But , um , count us out .
" Germany is on the side of the people of Iran who want to exercise their right to freedom of expression and free assembly , " Merkel said in a statement on Sunday .
The German chancellor also called on the leadership in Iran to permit peaceful demonstrations , refrain from using force against protestors and release imprisoned opposition figures .
Merkel demanded that restrictions placed on foreign media in covering the widespread protests across Tehran and the rest of the country be lifted .
" Human and civil rights have to be fully respected , " she said .
Foreign Minister Frank - Walter Steinmeier , who is also Germany 's vice chancellor , issued a separate statement urging " all political forces to defuse the situation that has developed , otherwise the situation threatens to escalate further . " ´
Rallies have become violent , as have police crackdowns
Steinmeier called for a swift end to the dispute over the results of the vote .
" That includes systematically clearing up doubts about the proceedings and outcome of the election , " he said .
Mounting criticism
World leaders have voiced mounting concern over the unrest in Tehran .
Iran 's state media reported at least 10 people were killed when police clashed with demonstrators in the capital on Saturday .
US President Barack Obama , who has been trying to mend ties with Iran since taking office in January , has urged Tehran to " stop all violent and unjust actions against its own people . "
" The Iranian government must understand that the world is watching , " he added .
British Foreign Secretary David Miliband released a statement saying he rejected " categorically the idea that the protestors in Iran are manipulated or motivated by foreign countries . "
News organization the BBC has confirmed that its correspondent in Iran has been asked by the Iranian authorities to leave the country amid accusations he has been supporting post-election violence .
Italian Foreign Minister Franco Frattini said his country was " worried " by the loss of life in Iran .
Iran accuses
West of meddling
Ahmadinejad has dismissed the unrest in Tehran
Meanwhile , the leadership in Tehran has fired back at critics in the West , accusing foreign governments of meddling in its affairs .
President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad on Sunday told the US and Britain to " stop interfering . "
" By making hasty comments , you will not have a place in the circle of the Iranian nation 's friends .
Therefore , I recommend you correct your interfering positions , " Ahmadinejad said in a statement .
Earlier , Iran 's Foreign Minister Manouchehr Mottaki sharply criticized Britain's " interfering remarks " about the election and also hit out at Germany and France .
On Friday , Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei attacked what he called interference by foreign powers who had questioned the election results , saying Iran 's enemies were trying to undermine the legitimacy of its Islamic establishment .
Ahmadinejad was declared winner of the presidential polls with more than 60 percent of the vote , but opposition leader Mir Hossein Mousavi has alleged fraud and called for a new ballot .
ai/dpa/Reuters/AFP
Editor : Kateri Jochum
By default , Firefox ( or Swiftfox ) crashes when trying to view a full - screen video on say ... YouTube .
At least for me it used to crash until I found a fix
libGL.so.1
1 .
fix_flash.sh
#!/bin/sh ## replace firefox - 3.6 with what you use , e.g. firefox , firefox - 3.5 , swiftfox LD_PRELOAD=/usr/lib/libGL.so.1 firefox - 3.5
Applications >
Internet
Add to panel
Properties
Command
and from what I 've understand it 's got something to do with the graphic card drivers and it's affecting both nVidia and ATI .
If that is the case for you also , you may want to read on .
To fix the full - screen flash videos bug , you need to preload a library calledwhen you start Firefox or Swiftfox .
Here is how to do it : Create a new file in your home folder , let 's call itand paste this :
Like the script says , replace " firefox - 3.5 " with the command used to launch your Firefox ( depending on the version , etc ) .
If you do n't know the command , go toand right click the version of Firefox you want to fix ( Firefox , Minefield or whatever ) and click " " .
Then a new icon ( launcher ) will be displayed on your panel ; right click that icon and select " " -> you will then see the command used to launch your Firefox version in the " " field ( never mind the %u ) :
AT&T has formally announced plans for deploying its 7.2
Mbps mobile data service upgrade this year , which will support faster iPhone models expected to be released this summer .
AT&T said the upgrade to " High Speed Packet Access ( HSPA ) 7.2 technology , " which delivers theoretical peak speeds twice that of the company 's current 3G network , will continue through 2011 .
Next year , the company will also begin trials of LTE ( Long Term Evolution ) , with deployment of that technology to begin in 2011 .
LTE plans to eventually reach theoretical peak speeds of 20 Mbps .
Both HSPA and LTE are components of the 3rd Generation Partnership Project ( 3GPP ) family of technologies , which include GSM / EDGE and UMTS , the worldwide " 3G " service supported by the iPhone 3G .
Because AT&T 's network is currently based on 3GPP standards , the company can deliver the upgrade to HSPA 7.2 service immediately to support faster smartphones prior to the buildout of LTE , which is n't expected to become widely available until at least 2011 - 2012 .
The LTE Future
AT&T 's largest competitor , Verizon Wireless , is also planning to begin building out LTE but currently maintains a CDMA2000 / EVDO network , which is incompatible with GSM / UMTS devices .
Once Verizon and AT&T both begin operating LTE service , it will be much easier for US consumers to buy phones that work on either network .
AT&T CEO Randall Stephenson , speaking to Walt Mossberg at All Things Digital , noted that LTE will also support data roaming across providers , saying " Itâs in all our best interests . "
With roaming agreements , the LTE investments made by AT&T and Verizon will both benefit each other 's customers .
For years , both companies have been dumping billions into networks that can only serve phones related to their own mobile service technology families , which has resulted in massively wasteful competition .
AT&T 's upgrade plans and " iPhone 7.2 "
AT&T says its current 3G service is available in 350 major US metro areas , with deployment in another 20 planned this year .
The company stated that its new HSPA 7.2 technology " will be deployed widely in the network , with the benefits of the network upgrade to be announced on a local basis as the faster speeds are turned up . "
AT&T also said it will introduce " multiple HSPA 7.2 - compatible laptop cards and smartphones beginning later this year . "
Next month , Apple is expected to release a new iPhone model that supports HSPA 7.2 service .
In addition to having access to a faster network , the new iPhone model is expected to have a significantly faster processor , enabling it to better handle the data it can receive , resulting in faster overall operation .
Asked about whether the emergence of new smartphone platforms , including Google 's Android and Palm's WebOS , would be problematic for AT&T , Stephenson answered , " Do I want to see fewer platforms ?
Yes , itâs better for my business .
Will I see fewer platforms ?
I donât think so .
So we need to take advantage of it and use it as an opportunity . "
Speaking of the company 's iPhone deal with Apple , Stephenson said â Itâs worked out terrific .
We have no complaints .â 
While he noted that the company has " incurred dilution , " he also said it has benefited by getting the premiere customer in the space , one with high data usage and low churn .
â Iâm very pleased with the deal , â Stephenson said .
Covering the All Things Digital conference , John Paczkowski wrote that " its fourth - quarter AT&T added 2.1 million wireless subscribers .
1.9 million of them were iPhone accounts .
40 percent of thoseâ about 760,000â were new to AT&T . "
Other network upgrades for 2009
Along with the upgrade to HSPA 7.2 , AT&T also reported plans to build out other network improvements this year as part of a capital investment plan costing $ 17 - 18 billion .
Elements include :
This article is a reprint of Wise Bread 's contribution to OPEN Forum from American Express -- where small business owners can get advice from experts and share tips with each other .
There exists a constant power struggle between employers ( wanting the best bang for their employee - related expenditures ) and employees ( wanting the best remuneration possible for their blood , sweat and tears ) .
And in lean economic times as these , the gravity of this push - pull battle between employees and employers is multiplied .
If this trend continues , we will have more jaded employees and less loyal employers .
But all is not lost .
There are many benefits employers can provide to rekindle employee morale , ensure loyalty , and increase productivity .
And do it without increasing the employee 's tax burden like a straight salary increase would .
Most employee - related expenditures are tax - deductible to the employer anyway , so where the tax - efficiency of these perks comes in is more on the employee side .
Often for a relatively small expenditure on the employer ’s part , the employee can receive something that is far more valuable given the tax - efficiency and sometimes even the status increase .
Here are a few tax - efficient perks your employees will love :
1. Education
When I was an employee , one of the first things I negotiated was how many courses they would pay for each year .
It was win -win for everybody : I increased my industry knowledge on my own time , and my employer got a motivated – and increasingly well - educated – employee who did n’t actually have to pay out of pocket for the gift of higher education .
Employer Benefits :
In addition to the tax - deductibility , you will also have increased employee productivity and applied knowledge .
Employee Benefits :
They get a free education , which can be a tax - free benefit .
2. Healthcare
If you have a health insurance program , you could consider beefing up the program for worthy employees by lowering their deductibles , enhancing their benefits , or paying for a larger portion of the coverage .
If you do n’t offer health insurance , it could be something to consider .
Employer Benefits :
Healthy employees are away from work less .
Also , beefing up your healthcare program might be something you can reap the benefits for yourself .
Employee Benefits : Good healthcare is a valuable asset , especially in the United States where most people get health insurance from their employer .
3. Technology Toys
Blackberries , cell phones , laptops , service plans , and various technological knick - knacks can increase employee productivity , and using some of these gadgets is just plain fun .
As long as the employer owns and pays for the item and associated plans fully , the employee should see a taxable benefit ( even if they make private calls ) .
Employer Benefits : Enhanced employee productivity and increased morale for being granted a gadget .
Employee Benefits :
They now have toys that enhance their ability to do the job , but which also entail some personal perks .
4. Company Car / Car Allowance
Providing a company car or car allowance is tricky business , as it can be a taxable event to the employee if it is not structured a certain way .
But generally speaking , if the company owns the vehicle and pays for ongoing expenses like gas with a company credit or charge card ( instead of structuring it as a reimbursement program ) , this can be a beneficial perk for all .
Employer Benefits : Certain employees will benefit greatly from the use of a car , so a jump in productivity is possible , and you look super generous .
Employee Benefits : Having use of the company car is considered to be one of the most enviable employee perks .
Assuming it is structured as a tax - free benefit , it will save the employee loads of after - tax expenditures on the service and upkeep of their own car too .
5. Better Pension / Retirement Account Benefits
This is a fabulous incentive for employees to save money for their future .
If you already have a pension / retirement savings program in place , consider increasing the employer contributions , or starting / increasing a matching contributions program .
Employer Benefits :
It is an added incentive for employees to stay with the company , rather than jumping ship just based on salary .
Additionally , there is something to be said for helping an employee secure their financial future .
Employee Benefits :
Any matching program is like getting free money , even if they ca n’t spend it right away .
And payroll deductions are one of the easiest ways to save money without feeling the pinch .
6. Parking
In busy urban office locations , paying for parking can be an expensive proposition .
And although I ’d like to encourage people to find alternate ways of getting to work ( especially if they do n’t already carpool ) , I realize I ’m fighting an uphill battle fraught with impracticality .
So provide a benefit and pay for that parking spot !
Employer Benefits :
As a cost of doing business , these parking spots do n’t even need to be linked to the recipient employee on the books .
It also makes the employee feel special ( especially if you have a placard with their name on the spot ) .
Employee Benefits : First of all , it ’s free parking ( which can amount to savings of hundreds of dollars a month ) .
Secondly , imagine the lack of stress they will feel if they do n’t have to search and fight for a parking spot every time they go to work .
7. Employee Bus/ Public Transportation Subsidy
Subsidizing or providing public transportation passes , or even putting a private bus on the road to collect and drop off employees each day is a great way to reduce the number of cars on the road and provide a tangible benefit .
Employer Benefits :
Your employees will have no excuse for being late , especially if you put that bus on the road yourself !
Otherwise , subsidizing public transportation costs encourages employees to leave their cars at home , cutting greenhouse emissions and reducing the number of parking spaces you need to provide !
Employee Benefits :
Not having to pay for commute can be a hefty savings , depending on the city they live in .
8. Bicycle Loans
This is a hot trend in the UK : employers are giving ( or rather , loaning ) bicycles to employees to get to and from work .
Employer Benefits :
This ( like the above option ) reduces negative environmental consumption , and gets employees exercising more – a proven productivity - enhancer .
Employee Benefits :
As a free way to get to work , it is also a great workout , and reduces negative environmental impacts .
9. Home Office
For workplaces that encourage flex hours and telecommuting , you can pay for what is required to outfit your employee for remote work .
We have already touched upon the technological toys ; in addition to that would be the provision of ergonomic office furniture , as well as coverage of a proportionate share of the household expenses like heating and insurance .
Employer Benefits : Telecommuting and flex hours can increase employee productivity .
And if you do n’t need to keep a dedicated office space free for them , you can save money by leasing a smaller office space .
Employee Benefits :
They now have the ability to work flex hours with all the equipment at home to do a decent job .
Having additional household expenses subsidized is also a great reduction of after - tax expenditures .
I find myself thinking of my country and my industry – and what I see confuses and confounds me .
This is a tiny little country that remains a world power , one of the few trillion dollar economies in the world .
It has 50 % take - up of broadband , some huge telecommunications companies and thousands of people working on and around the internet .
But still our industry seems dominated by a few moribund and clumsy giants leading a culture that ’s inarticulate , unadventurous and profoundly constrained .
There ’s something very wrong here .
My main question is this :
Where are all the bloody start - ups ?
Where are the small passionate groups of creative technologists ( people with clue ) getting together to build web applications and public - facing products that push things forward ?
Where is the Blogger or Flickr or Odeo or Six Apart of the UK ?
What aspect of this country is it that confounds these aspirations ?
And I know that Audioscrobbler is wonderful .
I really love it .
But eventually you have to ask – is that really all we can do ?
So is it a lack of money or a poverty of ambition ?
The UK has some of the world ’s best and most creative film directors – but they do n’t make films in the UK , they make adverts .
Some of the world ’s best ( and most expensive ) advertisements are made in this country , arranged around home - made TV programming that costs a fraction of the price .
But when film directors get bored of selling sugar water they move on to make their proper movies .
And for the most part , they go to the States .
The same seems true online .
The web industry over here is dominated by advertising and marketing because London is dominated by advertising and marketing .
People think that the States is the home of this stuff , but it ’s not true – American advertising is clumsy and blatant compared to the calculating work done over here .
Everything is put to the end of selling something else and I ’m routinely surprised by what is for sale .
Every event is sponsored by one multi-national or another , from the BAFTAs to the equivalent of the Grammys .
On the web , some of the work is absolutely stunning – but it ’s all bloody agency stuff – support sites , brochureware , Flash .
There ’s money all around the place to make things , but still such boring stuff gets made .
It ’s all just another shiny thing on a conveyer belt already groaning under the weight of shiny things – an environment where the only way to innovate is to get shinier and more illusory , rather than more useful .
All this work is churned out by the ton by great people ( and not so great people ) hired by marketeers – because apparently there is no one else out there who will harness them to make neat new things that the world could use .
The major internet companies have presences in the UK of course , but they ’re mostly localisation departments / sales departments / advertising departments .
They have technical and creative people working for them , but on the whole they ’re not making new products .
They ’re just selling and supporting the existing ones .
The whole bloody place seems to be about selling things made elsewhere , working for the unambitious .
There are exceptions of course – but even then the tiny fragments of things that we do create seem resolutely parochial – little products aimed at exploiting the tiny idiosyncratic spaces in British culture that huge initiatives from the major net powers have missed – albeit momentarily .
So what is it that stops us making great things , starting start - ups and building for money ?
I contend that in part it ’s shame .
Certainly the business people of Britain seem to be – at a certain level – highly uncomfortable with the existence of technical people .
They ’re not a resource to be exploited , or people to collaborate with .
The nerdy people who make and create seem to be shuffled to the side , kept in the background , so as not to curdle the canapés at the business meet and greets that are the real motivators of British business .
The businessman and the creative technologist seem to be forced into two camps so repulsed by one another ( betrayed by dot.com ? ) that they just circle at a distance , each almost refusing to admit the other exists .
So the business people look towards the stable money and wait for the innovations to come in from abroad , or leap clumsily onto bandwagons with the help of the visionless , while the technologists dogmatically avoid anything that looks like it might have been sullied with the hint of a business model .
I look at many of my peers and I ’m delighted by the projects that they get involved in – they ’ve connected people with politics , connected people with their representatives , found ways for people to work together to make the world better , opened up the writings of incredible diarists , created incredible local information services and worked on open calendaring projects .
But would it really be so bad for them to spend some of their time building products that were aimed at changing the world by changing how people do everyday things all over the world , or opened up new spaces for creativity or sharing or self - expression or shopping or whatever ?
There ’s a wonderful creative culture here that cannot commercialise itself .
But we all use Flickr and del.icio.us so we can’t have that much trouble with people trying to make a business out of being great , surely ?
Or is it just when the British do it that we ’re all expected to rend and tear ?
What is it about this place that there is so little energy in these directions – are we so hamstrung by geography or history or culture that we cannot innovate , build and then commercialise ?
I look around and I see some of the brightest and best people I know in the world creating world - class ideas that get exploited elsewhere , or are simply thrown away .
It ’s not right and we should do something about it – I ’m just unclear about whether that ’s stand up and be counted , or burn it all down and never look back .
