WASHINGTON — Billy Raye , a 51 - year - old unemployed bike courier , is looking for work .
Fortunately for him , the Mid-Atlantic Regional Council of Carpenters is seeking paid demonstrators to march and chant in its current picket line outside the McPherson Building , an office complex here where the council says work is being done with nonunion labor .
" For ...
June 17 , 2010  --
Sometime after midnight Friday , Ronnie Lee Gardner is to be strapped into a chair in the execution chamber at the state prison in Draper , Utah .
A black hood is to be slipped over the bald head of the 49 - year - old convicted killer , if he wishes .
A small circular target will be pinned over his heart .
After a reprieve was denied by Gov. Gary Herbert late Thursday , Gardner is all but guaranteed to become the third person to die before a firing squad in Utah or anywhere else in the nation since the death penalty was reinstated in 1976 .
It has been 14 years since rifles last were fired in a state execution .
" Upon careful review , there is nothing in the materials provided this morning that has not already been considered and decided by the Board of Pardons and Parole or numerous courts , " Herbert said in a written statement released through his office .
Utah is the last state that still conducts executions by firing squad .
The simple mechanics of an old fashioned execution by firing squad are cold blooded , efficient and have just a hint of consideration for the person living his last moments .
In his final hours , a fasting Gardner was seen reading a book called " Divine Justice " by David Baldacci and watching the Lord of the Rings trilogy .
He had been visited by family members , his attorney and a clergyman .
The prison was locked down at 4 p.m. MT .
Gardner 's final procession toward this moment began earlier this week .
He was moved at 9 p.m. Wednesday from his 6 - by - 12 - foot cell on death row to a death watch cell near the execution chamber .
Prison guards monitor him round - the - clock .
Gardner ate his final meal Tuesday at 6:30 p.m. and elected to fast before his execution .
His last meal included steak , lobster , 7 - Up , apple pie and vanilla ice cream at a cost of $ 35 to the state , corrections officials said .
He did not request a cigarette .
Utah corrections department guidelines said the meal was prepared on site by prison personnel .
" Alcohol will not be served or used in the cooking of the meal , " the guidelines state .
Still , the condemned are indulged to a point .
" If they asked for escargot to be flown in from Paris , we would have said no , " said Gary DeLand , who ran Utah 's prison system from 1985 to 1992 and crafted the state 's 200 - page manual for carrying out executions .
" One final meal was a hamburger and fries from a particular fast food place . "
Utah last used the firing squad in 1996 to execute John Albert Taylor , who was convicted of the 1989 rape and strangulation of an 11 - year - old girl .
He ordered pizzas " with everything " for his last meal , according to press accounts .
Reporter Amy Donaldson witnessed Taylor 's execution .
" The gunshots went off , " Donaldson said .
" It was silent , his fists clenched , clenched again , then his head went down . "
The final cigarette is mythical -- in Draper , at least .
DeLand said he oversaw two executions by lethal injection and neither inmate requested a smoke .
" We were a non-smoking institution when I was there , " DeLand said .
DeLand was supposed to supervise Gardner 's execution in the 1990s , but it was halted by court order .
Gary Gilmore 's Execution Was Marred by Photos , Drinking
In Utah , the weapon of choice for firing squads is the .30 - caliber rifle , which uses powerful .30 - 30 cartridges designed to take down big game such as black bear , deer and moose .
" Word was put out that we needed five rifles , " said DeLand .
" We selected a firing squad and provided them a good deal of ammunition .
They went out and practiced , making sure they could shoot on proper cadence , making sure they could keep all the shots inside a pattern that would be easily covered with a quarter . "
A court order prolonged Gardner 's life until now .
After the customary last meeting with visitors and a minister , Gardner will be manacled and escorted to the execution chamber .
His head , arms , legs and torso will be strapped to a winged , black metal chair that last was used for Taylor 's execution .
The chair sits on a raised platform that is like a small stage .
A tray beneath the chair collects the blood that runs from the prisoner 's body .
Sandbags stacked behind the chair are meant to stop stray bullets .
" The death chair , painted a deep midnight blue to neutralize the color of blood into an indistinguishable glistening hue , was made of steel and mesh , " the late reporter Hal Schindler wrote in The Salt Lake Tribune .
" Velcro strips secured the condemned 's ankles , wrists , arms and body .
It was a far cry from the piece of ordinary office furniture used when the notorious Gary Mark Gilmore faced a firing squad in 1977 . "
It was Gilmore 's poorly planned and sloppy execution that prompted DeLand to craft a manual with protocols for firing squad executions .
At Gilmore 's execution , a camera had been smuggled into the death chamber and photos snapped .
Alcohol also was smuggled into Gilmore 's cell the night before .
Photos surfaced of Gilmore sipping whisky from miniature bottles .
The circular patch that was pinned over Gilmore 's heart was attached backwards , making it hard for the firing squad to take aim on the vital organ .
" A friend on the Gilmore firing squad said it was one of the most poorly organized events he had ever been to , " DeLand said .
" The whole situation with Gary Gilmore was a mess . "
In observation rooms surrounding the death chamber , about two dozen witnesses will view the execution , including relatives of the victims , state representatives , the news media and five people selected by Gardner .
He was convicted of capital murder 25 years ago for the 1985 fatal courthouse shooting of attorney Michael Burdell during an escape attempt .
One of the Five Gunmen Will Fire a Blank
Once Gardner is strapped into the death chair , the prison warden will open the curtains to the observations rooms .
Gardner will be asked for any last words .
The five anonymous riflemen , all state law enforcement officers , will stand behind a brick wall with a gunport .
They will aim at the target on Gardner 's heart from about 25 feet away .
Four of the five rifles will be loaded with live rounds .
The weapon with the blank round is unknown .
" It 's a very easy shot , " DeLand said .
" It 's not like you need to be much of a marksman .
If you could n't hit that target from that distance , you have no business owning a gun . "
Execution by firing squads date back as far as firearms themselves , but they are rare in the United States .
Utah is one of the last states with the practice -- using firing squads in 40 of its 49 executions in the last 160 years .
In 2004 , Utah lawmakers made lethal injection available in death penalty cases but inmates condemned before then were given the choice of a firing squad .
In April , a judge asked Gardner for his preference .
" I would like the firing squad , please , " he politely replied .
Execution by firing squad , long associated with military tribunals , has been criticized by human rights groups as archaic and barbaric .
In fact , the guillotine and the electric chair were introduced because they were seen as more humane than facing a firing squad .
" Firing squad conjures certain graphic images in people 's minds that are especially disturbing , " said Laura Moye , director of Amnesty International 's death penalty abolition campaign .
" At the end of the day , we think there is no humane way to kill a human being ...
You 're condemning a person to death .
You 're keeping them on death row and telling them , at one point we 're going to take you into a chamber , strap you down and kill you . "
Still , some say the firing squad is n't as barbaric as one might think .
" People think lethal injection is more human because it 's related to medicine and doctors and a peaceful way of death , but in reality , it 's not , " said Deborah Denno from Fordham University .
" It is an irony is n't it that the method we think is most barbaric to our perception and in our history is in fact the method that is most humane . "
Modern firing squad executions in the U.S. have gone smoothly , but it was not unusual in the past for several rounds to strike the prisoner without killing him .
In such cases , a final shot was fired at close range to put the inmate out of his misery .
" No man who has ever lived on this earth could survive four rounds from a .30 - 30 rifle to the chest , " DeLand said .
" You can almost almost shut your eyes and hit him from that distance . "
Two more initiates have died in the Eastern Cape , bringing to 13 the number of circumcision - related deaths in the past 12 days , the provincial health department said on Thursday .
A 16 - year - old youth from Nxukhwebe village in Libode died on Wednesday night , spokesperson Sizwe Kupelo told the South African Press Association .
Officials from the department were raiding illegal initiation schools in the Port St Johns area on Wednesday when they learnt of another death of an initiate that happened on Sunday night .
The teenager from Port St Johns ’s KwaQubuswayo village died on his way to hospital .
Reluctance to prosecute
Meanwhile , provincial health minister Phumulo Masuale was on Thursday visiting the Nelson Mandela Academic Hospital in Mthatha , where a number of boys were facing penile amputation .
He would also visit illegal initiation schools in Mthatha , Libode and Lusikisiki , before meeting traditional leaders in the areas over the deaths .
Seven under - aged initiates were rescued from an illegal initiation school run by Mtshiyelwa Mtshayina Ndoda , a 55 - year - old unregistered traditional surgeon who had been arrested several times for the offence .
“ He was recently given a three - year suspended sentence but he continued doing the same thing .
In the past five years close to 20 initiates died in his schools and 15 had their penises amputated . ”
Ndoda has a pending case of operating an illegal initiation school , which will be heard on July 22 .
Kupelo said the department was also seeking meetings with the police , justice department and the National Prosecuting Authority to discuss the prosecution of those contravening the Traditional Circumcision Act , which regulates the custom in the province .
“ The major problem is that parents are reluctant to prosecute illegal traditional surgeons who sometimes force their children into circumcision at a very young age .
“ We identify the perpetrators , but if parents are not willing to open cases against them , they are freed and continue illegally circumcising and killing these boys , ” Kupelo said .
Last year alone , 91 initiates died and hundreds were hospitalised in the province .
— Sapa
Click to viewIn 1976 , Steve Jobs and Steve Wozniak founded Apple with veteran engineer Ron Wayne .
Ten days later , Wayne signed away his 10 % of the company in exchange for $ 800 .
Here 's what he 's up to thirty - four years later , $ 22 billion poorer .
Advertisement
Wayne 's life now — septuagenarian , coin collector , penny slot enthusiast — might seem pretty bleak .
Which is why it's all the more remarkable that he speaks without much bitterness .
And while hindsight is perfect , it 's not so unbelievable that the Wayne of 1976 had sufficient cause to worry about assuming the fledgling company 's potentially massive debt .
Or that you or I would have done the same .
The only hints of sour grapes : Wayne 's never owned an Apple product , and is writing a book about his brief time as a founding father .
Even so , the impression one gets is a man filled more with regret than with anger , over a choice that can't be undone or forgotten .
[ CNN via The Next Web ]
Glenn Beck 's alliances seem to have further blurred the line between his entertainment empire and political role .
| Reuters Photo | REUTERS
Just how ' political ' is Glenn Beck ?
Glenn Beck says there ’s nothing political about the Aug. 28th " Restoring Honor " rally he is organizing with a veterans group in Washington .
But Sarah Palin will be a main speaker , congressmen such as Rep. Jason Chaffetz ( R - Utah ) are helping with fundraising and two of the main engineers of the tea party movement — FreedomWorks and Tea Party Patriots — are offering volunteers as well as logistical advice .
Advertisement
If anything , the conservative talk show host ’s alliances with tea party groups and Republican politicians seem to have further blurred the line between his entertainment empire and a burgeoning political role — which is counter to Beck 's public declarations that he was disengaging from politics after criticism that he used his television and radio shows as a political platform .
The rally and Beck ’s increasing political forays have made him an object of suspicion among some conservatives , even as they acknowledge his influence and potential importance as a spokesman .
“ The conservative movement is still split on Glenn and whether he ’s doing it for himself or doing it for the movement , ” said Erick Erickson , founder of the influential conservative blog Red State .
Erickson said he ’s offered his assistance to Team Beck in his political exploits , which in the past year have included a high - profile battle with the White House , the creation of a network of perhaps hundreds of political groups , and the keynote speech at a major conservative political conference .
“ Until that question is resolved , I think you ’re going to see some groups hesitant to go all in with him . ”
Some tea party leaders have rejected Beck ’s requests to help with the rally because of concern over his inflammatory rhetoric and fear that he was seeking to leverage their organizational know - how and grass - roots credibility for his own financial benefit , providing little in return .
“ They would n’t even give us a booth , ” said a leader of a tea party - related group that rejected Beck ’s entreaties .
“ I resented their presumption that a relatively small organization like ours would use our connections to promote an event where Glenn Beck and FreedomWorks are featured , and we get no recognition at all .
No thanks . ”
But others have been happy to ally themselves with Beck .
Tea Party Patriots agreed to help promote the rally — and to provide 400 volunteers to staff it , a requirement before the National Park Service will issue a permit — because tea party activists were planning to turn out in droves .
Beck lacks the organizational infrastructure or logistical know - how to pull off such a big event , said Jenny Beth Martin , a founder of the Tea Party Patriots .
“ We had 350 volunteers in less than 24 hours , ” said Martin , who discussed collaborating with Beck when the two met in May at an extravagant Manhattan party hosted by Time magazine .
The party feted 100 people Time deemed most influential in 2010 — a list that included Beck and Martin .
Beck ’s liberal critics say they have no doubt what the Aug. 28 event really is .
“ This is purely and simply a political rally to advance Glenn Beck ’s political agenda and a big fundraising operation for Glenn Beck Inc. , ” said liberal talk radio host Bill Press .
He has urged the National Park Service to deny Beck a permit to hold the event at the Lincoln Memorial .
Both the Tea Party Patriots and FreedomWorks , a paid sponsor of Beck ’s radio show , are taking advantage of the expected crowds to hold their own events .
FreedomWorks ’ political action committee is holding a fundraiser and get - out - the - vote training session the night before Beck ’s rally , and the Tea Party Patriots are urging the 500,000 activists on their e-mail list to attend both Beck ’s rally and a tea party rally the following day to seek the repeal of the Democratic health care overhaul .
“ Glenn has made it clear that the 8/28 Restoring Honor event is non-political , so signs and banners would be inappropriate in that setting , ” reads a message on the Patriots website .
“ However , the 8/29 Recycle Government Tea Party is definitely political , so bring those signs and banners ! ”
Beck did not attend a massive tea party rally organized by FreedomWorks and the Tea Party Patriots in Washington last September , but he repeatedly took to the airwaves to urge his fans to attend .
He also did a special broadcast of his Fox News television show to coincide with the march .
Fox came under fire from media ethicists and liberals for whipping up the crowd , and Rupert Murdoch , its owner , later said it was n’t appropriate for a news network to “ be supporting the tea party or any other party . ”
Though Beck has promoted this August ’s rally on his Fox News show — juxtaposing its message during one February broadcast with an accusation that President Barack Obama ignores
God in favor of his union allies and the disgraced community organizing group ACORN — the network has distanced itself from the rally .
“ Glenn may mention it from time to time the same way other talent involved in outside ventures mention their books or events , but there is no organized promotion planned for the rally on Fox News , and the network has nothing to do with it , ” said Fox executive Bill Shine .
Beck originally envisioned the rally as the final step in a series of “ conventions ” at which attendees would be charged admission to learn “ how to be a political force in your own neighborhood and country . ”
And , at the rally , he had planned to unveil a political organizing book , called “ The Plan , ” which he billed as providing “ specific policies , principles and , most importantly , action steps ” to launch “ a new national movement to restore our great country . ”
But when Beck decided to partner with the Special Operations Warrior Foundation to fund the event , he scrapped the book launch idea , and recast the rally as a spiritual and patriotic awakening .
“ This is not a tea party , ” he said on his radio show in May .
“ This is not a political event .
This is to send the message to us and our children and the rest of America :
There is a revival going on of values and principles .
There is a revival of honor and integrity , and we ’re going to demand it of ourselves and our politicians .
We are not going to put up with it anymore , in our own lives or in the lives of politicians or our banks and our businesses . ”
Beck , whose public relations firm declined a request for Beck to be interviewed , has insisted he initially did n’t realize the Martin Luther King Jr. iconography invoked by the rally ’s scheduling and venue .
But he has unabashedly embraced it , calling the anniversary of King ’s seminal speech “ an appropriate day ” for his rally , repeatedly chalking the scheduling up to “ divine providence ” and suggesting his rally may have similar historical significance .
“ His dream has been so corrupted , ” Beck said on his radio show last month .
“ It ’s time we picked that dream back up and we finished the job , ” he said .
“ If you come , ” he told his listeners a week earlier , “ I believe this will be remembered as the moment America turned the corner .
I do n’t know how it works .
I do n’t ’ know if it even works out in my lifetime , but I believe this is the pivot point . ”
All the money raised through Beck for the Special Operations Warrior Foundation will first go toward covering the cost of the rally .
But Edie Rosenthal , a foundation spokeswoman , told POLITICO in a March interview that the group expected to receive a large donation after the expenses are covered .
Meanwhile , Beck has been actively involved in raising money for the group .
Last month , for instance , multiple individuals contributed $ 65,000 or more to the foundation for the chance to have breakfast with him and Palin , according to a charity auction website , which boasted that “ the winners will be seated at the head table next to either Mr. Beck or Governor Palin and will have time to talk and exchange ideas . ”
On Friday night , Chaffetz and fellow Utah Republican Sen.
Orrin
Hatch were to have joined Beck at a fundraiser in Salt Lake City at which guests paid $ 2,500 get to have their pictures taken with Beck .
Proceeds were to go to the foundation .
On Saturday , Chaffetz and Hatch were planning to attend one of a series of Beck “ American Revival ” events at the Energy Solutions Arena in downtown Salt Lake City , where tickets range from $ 45 to $ 175 .
The revenue from this event are expected to go to Beck ’s production company , Mercury Radio Arts , which is also putting on the Restoring Honor rally .
Mercury promises that at American Revivals , Beck will “ show once and for all that it ’s not ‘ they the politicians ’ but we the people who have the power to restart the heart of America . ”
Rosenthal told POLITICO in March that Beck ’s people have offered assurances he will leave his politically charged rhetoric behind for the August rally , in keeping with the foundation ’s status as a tax - exempt charity registered under section 501 ( c ) 3 of the Internal Revenue Service code , which prohibits most political activity .
“ We ’re a pretty low key , small charity , so we would prefer to not have the controversy , but he knows that as a 501 ( c ) 3 , we have to be very careful that it is a nonpolitical rally , ” Rosenthal said .
“ And I know it ’s Glenn Beck , and he ’s a very opinionated person , but there ’s not going to be any kind of a political agenda . ”
Instead , the plan is for Beck to tell rally attendees that , if they want to get involved in politics , they should sign up with FreedomWorks , said the group ’s president Matt Kibbe , who has appeared on Beck ’s radio show since FreedomWorks became a sponsor to talk tea party politics with Beck .
“ This is about cultural renewal and a lot of the themes that he talks about on his show , ” Kibbe said of the August rally .
“ He ’ll go on to say , ‘ but we do need to organize and we do need to get politically active , and that ’s why I ’ve joined forces with FreedomWorks , because they ’re the guys out there doing this , and I ’ve looked around , and they ’re the best at what they do . ’ ”
That sounds a lot like the paid sponsorship messages Beck delivers for FreedomWorks on his radio show — an arrangement Kibbe compared with the Heritage Foundation ’s sponsorship of Rush Limbaugh ’s radio show , for which the conservative think tank says it pays $ 2 million annually .
Kibbe would n’t say how much FreedomWorks pays to sponsor Beck ’s show , an arrangement that will last through the end of next year , but he did say the group ’s fundraising and memberships have spiked since it began advertising on the show earlier this year .
“ My job increasingly is going to become faith , hope and charity , ” Beck said in delivering one late May sponsorship message .
“ I do n’t know why exactly .
I ’m just not — politics for me is not the answer .
But let me tell you this — politics are a part of this . ”
In June , he explained that FreedomWorks is “ moving in the political realm .
I cannot .
I ’ve got to move in another direction .
But we have got to stay connected .
And the only organization that I have found is FreedomWorks .
Go to their website , check it out for yourself .
Find out what you believe .
If they line up with what you believe , you join them , and you stand guard , because freedom works . ”
HOUSTON — The US Environmental Protection Agency yesterday officially overturned a 16 - year - old Texas air permitting program it says violates the Clean Air Act , leaving some of the country ’s largest refineries in a state of limbo .
The move comes after years of backdoor bickering , negotiations , and public arguments between the EPA and Texas .
The argument recently escalated from a battle over environmental issues into a heated political dispute over states ’ rights .
Governor Rick Perry has been using the disagreement to drive home his contention that President Obama ’s administration is overreaching , and he said in a statement yesterday that “ Texas will continue to fight this federal takeover of a successful state program . ’’
The EPA ’s decision , announced in a statement , will force some 125 refineries and petrochemical plants to invest millions of dollars to get new permits .
Many of the plants may also have to invest in updates to comply with federal regulations .
The decision did not come as a surprise to Texas or the industries .
Al Armendariz , EPA regional director , has said for months he would disapprove the permits if Texas did not comply with the Clean Air Act .
Bryan Shaw , chairman of the Texas Commission on Environmental Quality , insisted yesterday that the state ’s permitting program complies with the Clean Air Act and has improved air quality in Texas .
However , in an effort to satisfy the EPA ’s concerns , Shaw said , the commission recently changed the rules but apparently the EPA “ did not take them into consideration . ’’
Texas can challenge the ruling in court .
© Copyright 2010 Globe Newspaper Company .
A WEALTHY businessman is accused of attacking a helicopter in a rage after it scattered debris across his car when landing in a shared garden in southwestern England , local website thisisbristol .
co.uk reported today .
Houshang Jafari , 59 , was said to be " livid " after the helicopter landed on the lawn - shared by apartment owners - to take a number of his neighbors to lunch in March 2009 .
He hit the nose of the chopper with a plastic bag before clinging on to the skid of the aircraft as it took off , making it lurch from side to side , a court heard yesterday .
One of the passengers on board , Elizabeth Hale , told the jury of her terror as the helicopter tilted at a dangerous angle .
" He ( Jafari ) clung on to the skid and we lurched to the right .
It was a bit of a blur after that .
I started to cry .
I think I was saying I thought I was going to die , " she said .
Defense lawyer Sam Jones told the court Jafari experienced a difficult history with his neighbors , including disputes over dogs and an uncompleted fence .
He denies endangering the safety of an aircraft outside his home .
The trial continues .
David Hasselhoff ’s status as Germany ’s favorite American appears safe , from Paul Krugman at least .
Princeton University Prof. Krugman caused a stir in Germany this week with a stinging critique of Bundesbank President Axel Weber , who is considered a frontrunner to succeed Jean - Claude Trichet as head of the European Central Bank when Trichet ’s term expires in October 2011 .
“ If you are looking for someone who is aiming for zero inflation while unemployment is rising to 13 % , then Weber is definitely the right guy , ” Krugman said in an interview published in German with the business daily Handelsblatt .
“ Weber is concerned about inflation , when there is no inflation .
I would rather see an ECB President who gives more weight to deflation risks and the risk of a protracted stagnation , ” Krugman said , adding that he does n’t know Weber personally .
Before joining the Bundesbank Weber was an economics professor in Germany and fairly well known in U.S. academic circles .
Krugman also criticized Weber ’s opposition to the ECB ’s purchase of the government bonds of vulnerable countries like Greece and Portugal .
The Bundesbank chief touched off controversy in Europe last month when he publicly declared his opposition to buying bonds , breaking a longstanding ECB taboo against airing disagreements in public .
Krugman seems only to have bolstered Weber ’s clout among Germans , who wear their anti-inflation obsession as a badge of honor .
Germans often say that whereas the Great Depression dominates U.S. economic thinking , Germany ’s experience with hyperinflation in the 1920s is its defining economic period of the 20th century , and one that must be avoided at all costs , even if it means slower economic growth .
Dennis Snower , who heads the Kiel Institute for the World Economy , defended Weber , telling Handelsblatt : “ He has all it takes to be a fantastic president .
He has great sense of responsibility , a strong knowledge base and he knows how important it is to keep inflation expectations stable . ”
Krugman did n’t stop with Weber .
He has taken on Germany ’s plans to rein in its budget deficit , which is already considerably smaller than the U.S. ’s as a share of GDP .
“ German austerity will worsen the crisis in the euro area , making it that much harder for Spain and other troubled economies to recover , ” he wrote in his New York Times column .
German politicians , he wrote , “ seem determined to prove their strength by imposing suffering — and politicians around the world are following their lead . ”
Krugman also told Handelsblatt he would n’t rule out sanctions against Germany if it continued to rely on its export - driven model .
“ If the euro falls to parity with the dollar , the Europeans are going to be surprised by the demands that will come out of the U.S. Congress , and I would support that , ” he said .
That fiscal and economic policy critique probably wo n’t gain any more traction in Germany than his monetary policy one .
Germans see their government finances and trade competitiveness as an example to be followed by Greece , Portugal and other troubled countries in Europe .
And they clearly do n’t see the U.S. model as one worth chasing .
Wolfgang Franz , who heads the German government ’s economic advisory panel known as the Wise Men , tore into Krugman — and the US — in an op -ed in the German business daily Wednesday , titled “ How about some facts , Mr. Krugman ? ”
“ Where did the financial crisis begin ?
Which central bank conducted monetary policy that was too loose ?
Which country went down the wrong path of social policy by encouraging low income households to take on mortgage loans that they can never pay back ?
Who in the year 2000 weakened regulations limiting investment bank leverage ratios , let Lehman Brothers collapse in 2008 and thereby tipped world financial markets into chaos ? ” he wrote .
So if Krugman really wants to keep Weber from the ECB presidency , or at least cool some of his support in Germany , he might want to consider damning the Bundesbank chief with praise instead .
Somerset County : Sale of horses at Lord Stirling Stable did not follow all procedures
Researchers from the Sea Education Association have removed tens of thousands of plastic fragments from the Atlantic Ocean over the past six weeks in what many believe is just a small part of a giant collection of debris in the middle of the ocean .
In their search for marine pollution , crew members of the expedition found more than 48,000 plastic fragments , most no larger than a pencil eraser , of the type of plastic used in bags , straws , bottle caps , and other household materials floating throughout the Sargasso Sea , a region in the middle of the North Atlantic extending south and east of Bermuda .
Some areas may contain up to 500,000 pieces of plastic per square kilometer , said scientists from SEA , based in Woods Hole .
Such a concentration , the researchers said , would rival that of the Great Pacific Garbage Patch in the Pacific Ocean , whose alarming sighting last year highlighted the extent of oceanic pollution and its potential impact on aquatic life .
Most of the Atlantic debris is believed to come from land thousands of miles away .
Kara Lavender Law , SEA ’s principal investigator , said waste , including materials put in recycling bins , can end up in rivers that flow into the ocean .
“ How on earth have we done this to the ocean so far away from where most people are living ? ’’
Law asked yesterday .
“ You see objects float by , and you feel like there must be another boat nearby that has dumped all this stuff into the water , but there is n’t .
It comes from land . ’’
Materials caught in the Sargasso Sea are not likely to make their way back to the East Coast any time soon , Law said , but plastic pollution is still very much a coastal problem .
The only things that reached the SEA team — some 2,500 miles from the US coast — were materials that floated .
Other items , such as the plastic used in most disposable water bottles , are too dense to be carried far .
Instead , the material probably sank to the ocean floor .
“ Only 3 to 5 percent of most plastics actually get recycled , ’’ Giora Proskurowski , SEA ’s chief scientist , said by phone yesterday from the SSV Corwith Cramer in Bermuda .
“ It ’s not an answer .
All those plastic sources we use : one - time water bottles , food packages , individually wrapped apple slices , or other ridiculous things , tiny , tiny fragments of each are ending up in the ocean . ’’
Land dwellers may not be immune from the plastic , either .
Although densely concentrated in certain regions , the plastic particles are small , and in some cases , microscopic .
Their size makes the particles , which are not biodegradable and may contain poisonous chemicals , easy for marine animals to ingest .
Some creatures can die from the exposure , said Dennis Nixon , associate dean at the University of Rhode Island ’s Graduate School of Oceanography .
Some scientists suspect chemicals ingested from the plastic may travel up the food chain and could eventually harm humans .
“ This could severely impact the food web , ’’ Nixon said .
The 33 - person crew , made up of 19 volunteers , set out in June , hoping that traveling more than 2,000 miles east of Bermuda would help them pinpoint the size and magnitude of the Atlantic patch of pollution .
To determine the plastic concentration in parts of the Atlantic , the crew towed a 1 meter - wide mesh net alongside the boat for about 30 minutes at a time .
The net was examined , and every piece of plastic found was logged , picked off the mesh , and stored on the vessel .
Like the debris in the Pacific , it is pulled together by gyres , rotating ocean currents that trap the garbage .
After more than a month at sea , the team will end its research today but without many answers .
“ We know there are certain implications : entanglement , sea birds and mammals ingesting the plastic , providing a vehicle that could transport foreign species that could potentially wreck havoc in various ecosystems , ’’ Proskurowski said .
“ But what we do n’t know is what happens when they degrade , ’’ he said .
“ Do plankton eat them ?
Do they accumulate up the food chain ?
We do n’t have answers to that , and that ’s even scarier than knowing what we do know . ’’
Wendy Kordesch , 25 , a volunteer on the expedition , said the research had transformed her thinking on ocean pollution .
“ There ’s no floating refrigerators , no garbage islands , but there is a shocking amount of plastic , ’’ said Kordesch , an oceanography graduate student from University of California , Santa Cruz .
“ We were farther away from land than I ’ve probably ever been , and in every single tow there are small pieces of plastic that came up .
It ’s terrible . ’’
Marissa Lang can be reached at mlang@globe.com .
© Copyright 2010 Globe Newspaper Company .
PARIS ( Reuters ) - Three employees of the U.S. embassy in Paris were being treated for poisoning on Friday after opening mail , a police source told Reuters .
The source was not immediately able to specify the nature of the poisoning or the seriousness of their condition .
A spokesman for the U.S. embassy was not immediately available for comment .
Wow !
That was a long time between releases .
Grudging credit to Apple for breaking support for 117 , forcing me to buy new hardware and do another release .
Meanwhile , I fear this will now be 64 - bit only Linux release .
But hopefully this can now be forgiven .
Mimicing the red queen , ran hard to stay in the same place !
Many encylcopedia text typos fixed thanks to David Damerell .
You now celebrate rather than celebarate at the surface .
( Alex Lait )
The artpack for this version can be grabbed here .
The Windows and Mac versions are shipped with the SDL , the PSP version compiled with the SDL .
You may replace this version with the latest version .
POWDER conforms to section 3 of the LGPL : you can download a tarball of the SDL code here or directly from http://www.libsdl.org.
The WinCE and GP2X versions both use SDL but are hosted by parties other than myself .
Note :
While the highscore is kept , save games are never preserved between versions .
Please wait until your current character dies before upgrading .
No laws exist to protect the public from pharmaceuticals
Hospitals , consumers and drug companies are all responsible
Studies show drug residue cocktails actually do cause harm
Drugs are being found in fish
Why we need more research on the toxicity of pharmaceutical contaminants
Many states pushing for drug waste legislation
Drug companies must be held responsible for their wastewater
Wastewater treatment plants should be retrofitted
It 's the environment , stupid !
( Natural News ) The President 's Cancer Panel ( PCP ) recently released its yearly report to the President outlining the status of cancer in America .
This year 's report focuses primarily on environmental factors that contribute to cancer risk .
According to the report , pharmaceutical drugs are a serious environmental pollutant , particularly in the way they continue to contaminate waterways across the country ( and the world ) .
Many reports have recently appeared about pharmaceutical contamination of water supplies , rivers , lakes and other waterways , but spokespersons from the drug and chemical industries have denied that this pollution poses any risk whatsoever to the environment .
But this report , issued directly from PCP , provides a stunning indictment of the dangers associated with pharmaceutical pollution .
The executive summary of the PCP report includes the following statements : " [ P ] harmaceuticals have become a considerable source of environmental contamination .
Drugs of all types enter the water supply when they are excreted or improperly disposed of ; the health impact of long - term exposure to varying mixtures of these compounds is unknown .
" It 's important to note that PCP is required by law to assess the National Cancer Program and offer a truthful evaluation of the various things it finds to be responsible for causing cancer .
The panel is a division of the National Cancer Institute itself , so its findings hold fairly considerable weight in the scientific world ( or they should , if the reaction was n't so politicized ) .
The report itself is quite extensive , evaluating everything from the environmental and health impacts of drug and pesticide pollution to cell phone radiation and nuclear testing residue .
But the section on pharmaceutical drugs is especially interesting when considering the fact that numerous reports have shown that drugs and drug residue that ends up in water supplies typically is n't filtered out by municipal treatment plants .
Many chemicals are highly regulated because they are known to negatively affect human and environmental health .
The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) is tasked with regulating exposure to these chemicals , but .
Despite years of prodding by environmental scientists , the EPA has given very little attention to the dangers posed by widespread pharmaceutical contamination .
According to a U.S. Geological Survey ( USGS ) study conducted back in 2002 , antidepressants , blood pressure and diabetes medications , anticonvulsants , oral contraceptives , hormone replacement therapy drugs , chemotherapy drugs , antibiotics , heart medications and even codeine are all showing up in the water supplies of American cities .
This study was the first national - scale evaluation of pharmaceutical drug contamination in streams , and roughly 80 percent of the streams tested were found to be contaminated as well .
In 2008 , an AP investigation found that at least 46 million Americans are drinking water contaminated with trace amounts of pharmaceuticals .
Even though every city tested has its water treated and " purified " prior to being delivered to the public , trace amounts of pharmaceutical drugs are making their way through to the tap .
( Since not all major metropolitan areas were tested , the number of people affected is likely far higher than what was reported by AP . )
In spite of all this , water quality reports do n't disclose the levels of pharmaceuticals found in tap water .
Since the EPA and FDA have failed to establish any proper guidelines for drug contamination in water , most people have no idea that their water contains a dangerous cocktail of prescription medications .
None of this is surprising if you consider that unused and expired drugs cannot be legally returned to the pharmacies where they were purchased .
Many people just flush them down the toilet because the drug labels actually encourage patients to dispose of them this way ( and they probably do n't know what else to do with them ) .
People who take prescription and over - the - counter drugs will excrete them as well , contributing to the drug overload being found at wastewater treatment plants .
( Drugs are not necessarily " broken down " by your digestive system . )
It is also regular protocol for hospitals to flush , a practice that contributes significantly to water contamination .
And let 's not forget the drug companies that dump large amounts of their own pharmaceuticals into water supplies .
The same AP investigation found that more thanis dumped every year into waterways nationwide , many of which serve as drinking water for millions of people .
The U.S. is n't the only place where Big Pharma is dumping its waste , either .
In 2009 , researchers found that India 's rivers are full of dangerous pharmaceuticals , too .
One Indian river where 90 different pharmaceutical companies dump their waste tested positive for over 21 active drug ingredients .
In one river alone , there was enough ciprofloxacin ( a strong antibiotic ) being dumped every day by drug companies to treat 90,000 people !
( And scientists detected this in water that was supposedly purified by the drug companies before being released into the environment ) .
The drug contamination levels found in India 's rivers were 150 times the detected levels found in the U.S.
These findings prove that drug companies could n't care less how much drug residue they dump in water as long as they can get away with it .
They do n't even believe that pharmaceutical contamination is a threat to the environment .
" Based on what we now know , I would say we find there 's little or no risk from pharmaceuticals in the environment to human health , " explained microbiologist Thomas White , a consultant for the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America , in a Dallas Morning News article about the AP investigation .
This is similar to BP 's CEO saying , after the Deepwater Horizon explosion , that the amount of oil gushing into the Gulf of Mexico was " tiny " compared to how big the ocean is .
Though the chemical and drug industries deny any danger from exposure to drug residue in the water , science ( and common sense ) says otherwise .
2006 study conducted by researchers from the University of Insubria in Italy simulated drug - tainted water by creating a low - level mixture of various drug residues and testing it on embryonic cells .
They discovered that , even at low doses , the drug residues actually stopped cells from reproducing .
Even though current water contamination levels are measured in parts per million or parts per billion , there is no way to know just how much exposure people are actually experiencing .
People drink contaminated water , shower in contaminated water and cook with contaminated water , so it 's illogical to suggest that there 's no harm being caused by widespread exposure , even at " low " doses , especially when the exposure is aof dozens of different drugs that have never been tested in combination .
People are not the only beings that are affected by pharmaceutical contamination , either .
The world 's aquatic ecosystems ( and the plants and animals that belong to them ) are all being negatively impacted .
According to an MSNBC report back in 2009 , all kinds of drugs are being found in the bodies of fish near major U.S. cities .
Researchers found drugs for high cholesterol , allergies , high blood pressure , bipolar disorder and depression in the livers and tissue of fish .
Researchers are in agreement that aquatic species of all types are being harmed by continuous exposure to water contaminated with pharmaceuticals .
Even though wastewater is treated in the U.S. before entering waterways , most treatment facilities do not have the proper filtering technology to remove dangerous drug residues from wastewater before it gets dumped .
Many fish are experiencing reproductive problems as a result of exposure , as is explained in the following report :
Beyond having their sperm damaged , some fish are actually changing sexes .
Males are becoming females and females are becoming males as a result of drug exposure in the water .
Other water creatures are experiencing things like organ failure and the inability to grow .
It makes a reasonable person ask " How long until these effects start to hit humans ?
" Or have they already ?
" We have no reason to think that this is a unique situation .
We find pretty much anywhere we look , these compounds are ubiquitous , " explained Erik Orsak , an environmental contaminants specialist with the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service , in response to the findings .
And it 's not just near American cities where fish are turning up with all kinds of drugs in their bodies .
As of 2008 , more than 100 different pharmaceutical compounds have been detected around the world , affecting fish and wildlife everywhere .
These are chemicals that simply do not belong in our environment .
And yet they are there , dumped into our waters by the pharmaceutical industry and its hospitals , pharmacies and consumers .
Many animal studies have been or are being conducted on pharmaceutical exposure , and they are indicating that these drugs are causing widespread harm .
But very few official human trials have been conducted , prompting many to push for increased efforts .
If drug residue is building up in animals and wildlife , then of course it 's building up in humans as well , posing the risk of significant harm .
Reproductive failure , thyroid dysfunction , cancer , osteoporosis -- all of these diseases and more may be caused , at least in part , by prolonged exposure to low levels of all sorts of drugs in the water supply .
Because the truth about drug contamination in water is no longer a secret , many states have begun enacting legislation to regulate drug disposal .
Last August , Illinois passed the Safe Pharmaceuticals Disposal Act , which restricts hospitals from flushing drugs down the drain .
California has a similar law in place , and New York is working on one as well , according to a recent report :
The same report indicates that there have been five bills introduced to regulate drugs at the federal level .
While this addresses the hospital waste problem , there 's still the human and drug company waste problems .
No matter how you look at it , pharmaceutical drugs are going to continue making their way into the water supplies becauseSince it 's already been revealed that drug companies are failing to properly treat their wastewater before dumping it into rivers ( even though they claim to be treating it ) , U.S. regulatory agencies need to step up and correct the problem .
Regular monitoring of wastewater contaminant levels is the only way to halt the chemical contamination of waterways .
And if U.S. companies are polluting water supplies in other countries ( such as India ) , they should be held accountable for their actions .
There 's no excuse for U.S. companies to pollute anywhere in the world just because they 're operating outside domestic borders .
State and local legislators would do well to put forth their own legislation to upgrade wastewater treatment facilities so they can properly filter out pharmaceuticals ( and dispose of them safely ) .
Since there 's no way to stop human elimination of pharmaceuticals ( apart from slowly educating the masses to stop swallowing dangerous pharmaceuticals ) , municipalities need to do their part to prevent these dangerous toxins from getting into water supplies in the first place .
Together , these measures would help to drastically reduce the amount of pharmaceutical waste entering our environment .
The careless disposal of toxic pharmaceuticals is proving to be highly destructive , despite reassurances by some that it 's not that big of a deal .
The health of the planet and all of its amazing biodiversity is now threatened by the steady poisoning of toxic chemical pharmaceuticals .
And it 's not just pharmaceuticals , either .
Chemical byproducts and waste from many different industries are polluting our environment at unprecedented rates .
Mercury ( from dental fillings ) , fluoride ( dripped into the public water supply , if you can believe that ! ) , and all sorts of other chemicals and heavy metals are showing up in food , water and the global environment .
Have n't we poisoned our planet enough already ?
Plants , animals and even humans can only take so much of this .
That 's why we need to keep fighting against the corporations that are causing this harm and force them to stop destroying the world in which we hope to raise our children .
After all , if we keep poisoning the planet at this rate , there wo n't be much left to offer future generations except a toxic stew of patent - protected chemicals that all the corporations pretend pose no problem at all .
The key is deciding on the level of cover you want – or need – and it will probably boil down to the amount of cover for vet fees .
Many of the cheaper policies , for instance , will cover a condition for a year or so , but no more .
Roy Hodgson has been confirmed the 18th manager in Liverpool 's history this morning , having finalised the terms of his departure from Fulham .
The 62 - year - old arrived at Melwood , the club 's training ground , in time to meet the first batch of players reporting back for pre-season training today and will be publicly unveiled at Anfield at 1.30 pm .
He has signed a three - year contract to succeed Rafael Benítez , not the two - year deal that was originally suggested as Liverpool look for stability following a turbulent period under the debt - ridden regime of Tom Hicks and George Gillett .
Hodgson was voted Manager of the Year by the League Managers ' Association last season , having guided Fulham to the Europa League final , and had to negotiate bonus payments from the Craven Cottage club before completing his move to Merseyside .
Liverpool also had to pay a £ 2.5 m compensation clause to release Hodgson from his 12 - month rolling contract with Fulham .
" This is the biggest job in club football and I 'm honoured to be taking on the role of manager of Britain 's most successful football club , " said the former Internazionale , Udinese and Switzerland coach .
" I look forward to meeting the players and the supporters and getting down to work at Melwood . "
Hodgson 's appointment has not received universal acclaim by Liverpool supporters , although his European pedigree and success in transforming Fulham 's fortunes on a modest budget made him the favoured choice of the Anfield hierarchy .
Liverpool 's managing director , Christian Purslow , who Benítez claimed was behind his departure as manager and who led the search for the Spaniard 's successor , was the target of graffiti found on the walls of the stadium this morning .
The new Liverpool manager faces a difficult task of reviving a club who finished seventh in the Premier League last season and are beset by financial problems , with the American co-owners ' asking price for the club discouraging potential investors .
He must also convince Steven Gerrard , Fernando Torres and Javier Mascherano , three leading players whose Liverpool futures are uncertain , to resist any rival offers for their services this summer .
Photographs by Marco Anelli .
From the book : PORTRAITS IN THE PRESENCE OF MARINA ABRAMOVIC ( Marco Anelli © 2010 )
http://www.marcoanelli.com/portraitsbook_e.html
Portraits taken during the MoMA 's exhibit of performance artist " Marina Abramović : The Artist Is Present " .
Abramović sits at a table in silence , and museum guests can sit across from her and stare .
Some people could n't handle the heat .
Tumblr by : Katie Notopoulos katie.notopoulos@gmail.com
See also : Marina Abramovic Hotties
Dear International Soccer Officials , Participants and Fans ,
Congratulations on a terrific World Dish or World Platter or whatever you 've been having .
It 's very interesting , compared to curling .
There 's lots of falling down and a ball that 's big enough for me to see on my old analog TV with converter box ( which makes golf look like weed trimming and hockey appear to be two gangs of overfed , angry figure skaters ) .
You 've ...
The most common reason that website do n’t rank good in popular web sites is slower loading time .
Often excessive JavaScript on your page is the main reason for this .
The page has either too much of JavaScript code or it refers to a lot of third party JavaScript files from different servers ( like advertisement server or any other third party widgets you are using ) .
In this post we will discuss various approaches for delaying JavaScript loading till content on your page loads .
One of the simplest solutions for this problem is to put all of your JavaScript code at the end of HTML page .
This will make content on site to load earlier and then Script may load while user is going through contents of your website .
Using defer attribute :
Placing defer attribute in your script tag will ensure the halting of loading and execution of script till page is loaded and ready .
But , bottleneck of this method is it works only with Internet Explorer .
So , for the rest of 70 % users the result will be same as before .
Dynamically Insert References :
Inserting JavaScript references after content load will force script loading after content .
On Onload ( ) event of a page you can insert a function that will automatically assign references to the missing JavaScript files .
For Example .
function afterLoad ( ) {
var element1 = document.createElement (“ script ” ) ;
element1.src = “ somefile.js ” ;
element1.type=” text/ javascript ” ;
document.getElementsByTagName( “ head ” ) [ 0].appendChild( element1 ) ;
}
This works well , except that widgets will be still loaded in the order that is included in afterLoad ( ) function , and if one blocked , all the others would wait , this will result in to waiting icon on your browser tab even if all the content is loaded on page .
So , there is need to make things load asynchronously .
This can be achieved through setting async attribute to true .
Adding the below line to afterLoad ( ) function will ensure that widgets load in parallel independent of others .
element1.async=true ;
Using jQuery :
If you want to ensure that even content like images have loaded first , plus you want to ease out cross browser code compatibility issues , then jQuery library will make made your life easy with functions $ ( window ) .load ( ) and $.getScript ( ) .
$ ( window ) .load ( function ( ) {
$.getScript(‘your_3rd_party -script.js ’ ) ;
} ) ;
Before loading your custom jQuery function you need to include CSS style sheet and jQuery .js file .
$ ( window ) .load ( function ( ) {
$.getScript(‘your_3rd_party -script.js ’ ) ;
} ) ;
Dealing with document . write and document .
writeln :
If you have document .
write in any of script files then above methods wo n’t work .
So , a different approach is needed to deal with document .
write
( function ( ) {
Scrpt = window .
Scrpt || {} ;
var _write = document . write ;
var _writeln = document .
writeln ;
document.writeln = document.write = function(s ) {
var id= ” ;
if(s.match(/\widget_1/ ) ) {
id=’Widget1_wrapper ’;
}
else if ( s.match(/\widget_2\/ ) ) {
id=’Widget2_wrapper ’;
}
else {
id=’overflow_div ’;
//_write(s ) ;
}
Scrpt.onavailable ( id , function ( el ) { el.innerHTML = s ; } ) ;
return true ;
} ;
Scrpt.onavailable = function ( id , fn ) {
var el = document.getElementById( id ) ;
if (!el ) {
window.setTimeout( function ( ) { Scrpt.onavailable ( id , fn ) ; id=fn=null ; } , 100 ) ;
return ;
}
fn(el ) ;
} ;
Scrpt.load = function (s , code ) {
var e = document.createElement(‘ script ’ ) ;
e.type = ‘ text/javascript ’;
e.src=s ;
if ( code ) {
e.onreadystatechange = function ( ) { if ( e.readyState == ‘ complete ’ ) code ( ) ; } ;
e.onload = code ;
}
document.getElementsByTagName(‘ head ’) [ 0].appendChild(e ) ;
} ;} ) ( ) ;
All the JavaScript code can be aggregated at bottom of page and it is loaded dynamically by comparing div ids of respective divs .
The attribute onreadystatechange ensures the scripts loaded asynchronously .
Do you like this article or want to say “ Hi ” to author ?
Note it down in comments .
Related posts :
Real Talk
The real trouble with reality is that there 's no background music
The history of photography starts at the human scale , with the first picture of a face in 1838 and moves in both directions , culminating in the WMAP cosmic background radiation image in 2003 and the first complete image of a molecule in 2009 .
Posted by David Galbraith
Follow @daveg
Specializing in Personal Injury and Wrongful Death Claims
If you or someone you love suffered an accident at work , in a motor vehicle , or under any other negligent circumstance , the right lawyer can make a big difference .
The Worcester law firm of Peter Ventura concentrates exclusively on personal injury and wrongful death claims and litigation , with a special emphasis on cases that present complex issues regarding proof of liability or the severity of the injuries involved .
Contact us for a free consultation about your legal options after a serious accident .
Attorney Ventura ’s Background & Expertise
Listed in Best Lawyers Of America ( Rue Ratings )
Former Assistant District Attorney ( Worcester County )
Former University law instructor ( Assumption College , Worcester State University , Becker College )
Provided expert legal commentary for local news ( Worcester Telegram & Charter TV3 )
Co-author of the book , “ Injured In An Accident ?
Ten Of America ’s Leading Personal Injury Attorneys Share
Their Wisdom , ” ( Rutherford Publishing House , 2014 )
Their Wisdom , ” ( Rutherford Publishing House , 2014 ) Member of the exclusive trial lawyers organization : Million Dollar Advocates Forum
The Million Dollar Advocates Forum is recognised as one of the most prestigious groups of trial lawyers in the United States .
Membership is limited to attempts who have won million dollar verdicts .
awards .
and settlements .
less than 1 % of U.S. lawyers are members .
Client Reviews & Testimonials
We are proud of our client reviews .
This is how clients have rated us - pulled directly from Google , Yelp , and Avvo :
Peter Ventura is Rated 5 out of 5 based on 8 reviews from around the Web .
Read More
THE adrenalin craze of " tombstoning " has been condemned in the UK after a man leapt 30 m from a towering sea cliff .
Photographer Alistair Sopp captured the breathtaking footage by chance as the man threw himself off a cliff in Cornwall , England .
" Tombstoning " - which sees people jump into the sea from cliffs , sea walls and piers - has claimed at least 12 lives in the UK and left several paralysed .
" This is madness and should not be encouraged in any way , ” a Cornish coastguard told The Sun .
" He 's lucky to be alive .
People need to be aware of the dangers associated with tombstoning .
" It is extremely dangerous and when it goes wrong it can have devastating results . "
Mr Sopp , 25 , insisted he does n’t know the man who took the plunge and was n’t there to photograph it .
" It was not a set up .
I was down at a local fishing spot when I looked across and saw someone on the top of the cliffs , ” Mr Sopp said .
" I thought there was no way he was going to jump but he did and I got it all on camera .
" It was a breathtaking moment .
I could n't believe he jumped from so high up . "
Alistair scrambled down the rocks from his vantage point and called to the man as he surfaced .
He added : " I could n't get all the way down to him but I shouted to him to make sure he was OK .
Mr Sopp said the jumper came away with sore ribs but said he'd put a lot of planning into the jump .
" He 'd visited the spot at different tides and had gone down to the check the depth of the water and then waited for the right weather conditions .
" He said it was a calculated risk .
It took him a while to compose himself and stop his legs shaking before being confident enough to make the leap .
" He said he probably wo n't jump it again . "
In - depth :
All the latest travel news
Follow our Twitter blog
Follow our travel reporter and travel editor 's Twitter blog
What does Melville ’s career tell us of the creative imagination but that it lies at the mercy of earthly circumstances ?
Melville wrote , in his dozen productive years , with extraordinary intensity , spending such long hours at his writing table that his health and sanity were feared for and his eyes became , in his words , “ tender as young sparrows . ”
Yet his youth held few hints of precocity or of literary concern ; in 1850 he told Hawthorne , “ Until I was twenty - five , I had no development at all .
From my twenty - fifth year I date my life .
Three weeks have scarcely passed , at any time between then & now , that I have not unfolded within myself . ”
The pre-Typee silence of this , in his father ’s words , “ amiable and docile ” youth — compare Poe and Hawthorne and Bryant , all scribbling and published by their very early twenties — foreshadows the eventual return to silence when , at thirty - eight , after the publication of The Confidence - Man , Melville again succumbed to fatalism and intellectual passivity .
At the age of twenty - five , however , he found himself brimming with the exotic material of his recent adventures in the South Seas , and sensed a public eager for the kind of adventure tale that he could provide .
“ The book is certainly calculated for popular reading , or for none at all , ” he wrote the publisher of Typee .
The English edition coming first , he permitted the American text to be bowdlerized of “ all passages … which offer violence to the feelings of any large class of readers . ”
These included not only “ indelicate ” sexual passages quite appropriate to the Polynesian setting , but unflattering accounts of the South Seas missionaries : “ I have rejected every thing , in revising the book , which refers to the missionaries , ” Melville assured his publisher .
“ So far as the wide & permanent popularity of the book is concerned , their exclusion will certainly be beneficial . ”
A certain Walter Whitman , reviewing the book in the Brooklyn Eagle , praised it as summer reading : “ A strange , graceful , most readable book this ….
As a book to hold in one ’s hand and pore dreamily over of a summer day , it is unsurpassed . ”
Its successor , Omoo , was even more consciously shaped to avoid offending the prejudices of a large audience , and to at least one reader , the wife of Henry Wadsworth Longfellow , seemed “ very inferior to Typee , being written not so much for its own sake as to make another book apparently . ”
In writing Mardi , Melville himself began to chafe against the requirements of making yet another book .
Writing his English publisher , John Murray , he confessed , “ Proceeding in my narrative of facts I began to feel an incurable distaste for the same ; & a longing to plume my pinions for a flight , & felt irked , cramped & fettered by plodding along with dull common places . ”
Chastened by the self - indulgent book ’s failure , he returned to facts and commonplaces in Redburn and White - Jacket , but with a good deal of resentment and bitterness and self - scorn .
He wrote his father - in - law that the books were “ two jobs , which I have …
Most drivers , it claims , would pick the second option .
But in fact the reverse is true - the first option would save five times as much fuel per mile travelled as the second .
This is because the figure is non-linear : an improvement of 10 mpg between 40 mpg and 50 mpg only equates to a fuel saving of 20 per cent , whereas the same change between 10 mpg and 20 mpg equates to a saving of 50 per cent .
- A California couple faces child endangerment charges after police say they tried to sell their 6 - month - old baby for $ 25 outside a Walmart store .
Salinas police spokesman , Officer Lalo Villegas , said Thursday that Patrick Fousek , 38 , and Samantha Tomasini , 20 , were arrested early Wednesday , hours after Fousek allegedly approached two women outside Walmart and asked if they 'd like to purchase his child .
The women initially thought Fousek was joking , but when he became persistent , they became suspicious and reported it to police , Villegas said .
" They did an outstanding job and gave our officers good information .
I do n't know if they 're mothers but they definitely had that instinct to help , " Villegas said .
Fousek and Tomasini were arrested at 1 a.m. Wednesday at their home .
Officers said the couple appeared high on methamphetamine and the house was in disarray .
A police report also stated Tomasini told Child Protective Services , who took the baby , that she had breast - fed the infant while under the influence , Villegas said .
The couple was also booked on charges of being under the influence of narcotics , and Fousek was served with an extra charge of violating probation .
Villegas did not have details of Fousek 's previous brush with the law .
The couple was expected to be in court for an arraignment Friday .
BAGHDAD  Less than a day after a suicide bomber killed more than 50 people in a crowd of Shiite pilgrims at a police checkpoint in Baghdad , more explosions struck worshipers on Thursday , killing 7 and wounding about 60 despite intensive efforts by Iraqi security forces to foil such attacks .
At least five other Shiites were killed and dozens of others wounded in and around Baghdad on Wednesday , as hundreds of thousands of people took part in the annual procession to Kadhimiya ’s gold - domed shrine to honor the eighth - century Imam Musa al - Kadhim .
Shiite pilgrims are frequent targets of Sunni insurgent groups , and this year Iraqi security forces ordered several major roads and bridges closed and banned bicycles and motorcycles in the capital to try to safeguard the marchers .
Some 200,000 security force members had been assigned to patrol streets , check cars and search pilgrims as they walked along streets to the shrine .
When the iPhone 4 goes on sale in Canada on Friday , it will bring with it something relatively new for Canadian wireless customers — the ability to pit the big three service providers against each other .
Apple on Monday said it will sell its wildly popular device to customers online and through its own retail stores , as well as through Bell , Rogers and Telus .
The difference with buying the phone directly from Apple is that it will be unlocked and contract - free , so customers will be able to shop around for a service plan with the big three .
The iPhone 4 is compatible with all three companies ' networks , so customers would only have to pop in a Subscriber Identity Module ( SIM ) card , which carriers generally sell for between $ 5 and $ 10 , to make it work .
Customers will also be able to switch providers whenever they like and use the phone in other countries with SIM cards from local carriers , which will allow them to avoid roaming charges from Canadian providers .
Industry analysts say Apple 's move puts a higher value on the iPhone 4 in Canada than in the United States , where customers currently have only one carrier , AT&T , as an option for the device .
Not only does AT&T have an exclusive deal with Apple to sell the iPhone , but its network technology is also incompatible with most of the other big U.S. service providers .
P.O.V. : Should more companies offer unlocked phones ?
Take our poll .
" The offers or plans of the big three Canadian carriers might look similar , but for some customers who know how to bargain on a specific service or within a bundled backdrop , there may be some opportunities for cost savings , " said Amit Kaminer , an analyst with The SeaBoard Group telecommunications consultancy .
" And , having no contract ?
Some might say that you can't put a value on freedom . "
High price
The catch , though , is the phone 's price .
The 16 - gigabyte unit will sell for $ 659 while the 32 - GB version will cost $ 779 .
While the unlocked iPhone has the potential to be a game changer in Canada — where phones are generally sold at a reduced cost in exchange for the customer signing on to a long - term service contract — it 's still too expensive to make a difference , said telecommunications consultant Johanne Lemay of Lemay - Yates Associates .
" There 's room for prices to come down and eventually we might have a fairly large proportion of the market that buys phones up front , " she said .
" Some people will want it and there will be a market for it , but on the other hand it 's still a very high price . "
While Canadians are starting to show some appetite for paying the full cost of lower - priced phones up front , they are still likely to chafe at the hefty price tags that upper - end devices such as the iPhone carry , Lemay said .
Apple said it is also currently selling the iPhone 3GS , an older model with eight gigabytes of storage , unlocked in its stores for $ 549 .
Rogers and Telus currently sell the 3GS for a similar price without a contract , but the device is locked to their respective networks .
Customers can get the iPhone unlocked through a third party , but doing so incurs an extra charge .
Kaminer agrees that the iPhone 's price tag is too high to change the wireless game in Canada .
Most consumers prefer the $ 199 price point that generally comes with a multi- year contract , and $ 500 to $ 600 is " an uncomfortable price point for a phone for many , " he said .
Antenna problem
Apple 's move , though , picks up on an attempt earlier this year by Google to sell its high - profile Nexus
One smartphone directly to customers , first in the United States and then in Canada .
Google sold the device — which was unlocked , contract - free and worked on the big three 's networks — through a website , but the company lacked a retail presence .
Google recently abandoned the effort on poor sales .
Apple will also have to contend with the iPhone 4's well - publicized antenna problem when it goes on sale in Canada , as well as 16 other countries , on Friday .
After its U.S. launch earlier this summer , a number of influential technology media including the non-profit Consumer Reports magazine found the iPhone 4 loses its reception when held in a certain way .
Apple chief executive Steve Jobs recently refuted the criticisms as " overblown , " but offered all buyers a free rubber case for the device , which mitigates the antenna issue .
Canada 's new cellphone companies — Wind Mobile , Mobilicity and Public Mobile — have been selling contract - free phones for the past seven months , although those devices are still locked and not compatible with the Bell , Telus and Rogers networks because they use different wireless frequencies .
NDP MP Bruce
Hyer recently introduce a private member 's bill , C - 560 , in the House of Commons that seeks to create a law that would force cellphone carriers to unlock phones .
Many countries have rules that require carriers to unlock devices , either when they are purchased or after a certain period of time .
In Canada , it is legal to unlock a phone but carriers are not required to do so .
" There was a massive bang .
At that stage you know that you are going to have a casualty .
I ran down the line of troops and told everyone to stay still .
The patrol commander had been hit in the neck by a lump of shrapnel and there was another casualty further forward .
I moved up and jumped into the crater where Rifleman Bassett was injured .
He had lost both his legs but was still conscious .
We managed to get him out and onto a helicopter but he died in hospital .
We later discovered that there were three other devices in the same area , one of which I had driven across . "
We ’re continuing our week - long look at old advertisements for DC Comics that began their run in 1987 .
What a great year 1987 was for DC Comics !
So far this week we ’ve looked at the Justice League , Dr. Fate , Amethyst , Suicide Squad , Checkmate , Doom Patrol , Green Arrow , and Young All - Stars .
Today we ’re racing faster than a speeding bullet with Flash , The World of Krypton , and The World of Smallville !
Below you ’ll find the advertisement for Flash by Mike Baron , Jackson Guice , and Larry Mahlstedt .
During Crisis on Infinite Earths the previous Flash , Barry Allen , died to save the universe .
Wally
West decided to honor his Uncle Barry ’s memory by abandoning his Kid Flash identity and taking on the mantle of the Flash .
This volume of Flash was Wally ’s book , and this was my Flash .
I was familiar with the Barry Allen Flash , but this was the first time I felt a connection with the character .
I missed out on many of these early Flash issues , but started collecting a few years into this run and I have n’t stopped collecting the character since .
I really dig this ad .
Very nice work by Jackson Guice .
Here is the cover to Flash # 1 by Mike Baron and Jackson Guice .
This series premiered in March 1987 .
John Byrne spearheaded the retconning of Superman in the aftermath of Crisis on Infinite Earths .
In addition to writing the Superman titles , Byrne penned three interlocking mini-series to help flesh out the Superman - verse .
Here is the advertisement promoting the first of these mini-series – The World of Krypton written by John Byrne , and drawn by Mike Mignola and Rick Bryant .
Even after all these years , I still love Byrne ’s artwork .
Here is the cover to The World of Krypton # 1 .
This cover was drawn by John Byrne and Walt Simonson .
This mini-series premiered in August 1987 .
Here is the advertisement for the second of the three Superman - related mini-series .
The World of Smallville was written by John Byrne , and drawn by Kurt Schaffenberger and Alfred Alcala .
This mini-series tied into the major crossover event , Millennium .
More on Millennium tomorrow .
The third Superman - related mini-series , The World of Metropolis , was published in 1988 so we wo n’t be covering that this week .
Here is the cover to The World of Smallville # 1 by John Byrne , Kurt Schaffenberger , and Alfred Alcala .
This mini-series premiered in December 1987 .
That ’s it for today !
Come back tomorrow for the conclusion of DC Comics advertisements from 1987 !
Motorola ’s chimed in with Engadget to clear up all of the eFuse confusion .
To keep the story short and sweet : it ’s in the Motorola Droid X , and it is in fact enabled .
How it works is a different story , though .
Instead of bricking the device upon finding unapproved software , it will boot into recovery mode and will continue to do so until approved software has been reinstalled .
Motorola was n’t clear on explaining if software could be reinstalled through the recovery menu right on the device , though , which means there ’s still a chance you ’ll have to take it into Motorola or Verizon if you want to be able to use the thing again .
Motorola ’s primary focus is the security of our end users and protection of their data , while also meeting carrier , partner and legal requirements .
The Droid X and a majority of Android consumer devices on the market today have a secured bootloader .
In reference specifically to eFuse , the technology is not loaded with the purpose of preventing a consumer device from functioning , but rather ensuring for the user that the device only runs on updated and tested versions of software .
If a device attempts to boot with unapproved software , it will go into recovery mode , and can re-boot once approved software is re-installed .
Checking for a valid software configuration is a common practice within the industry to protect the user against potential malicious software threats .
Motorola has been a long time advocate of open platforms and provides a number of resources to developers to foster the ecosystem including tools and access to devices via MOTODEV at http://developer.motorola.com.
It does n’t sound unlike what we already heard : your device is at the mercy of Motorola and Verizon .
The term “ bricked ” is usually used to describe a device that ’s practically useless ( more accurately , it renders the phone inoperable at hardware or software level ) , and a phone that can only boot into recovery until official Motorola software is reinstalled sounds pretty useless to me .
Anyone trying to throw custom firmware on it would have to hope that a system dump is kept in tact for them to throw onto their microSD card and attempt to bring their phone back to ( usable ) life .
It does n’t change anything , but at least Motorola ’s being upfront about it .
We ’d love it if they could clear up how one might go about reinstalling the software in case you ca n’t get it to boot , but I guess we ’d probably just have to wait to see if anyone will get ballsy enough to do anything to the phone .
The Disposessed author Ursula K. Le Guin is famously protective of her copyrights , and has expressed extreme reluctance to let Hollywood touch her work .
So how did a group of film students get permission to film one of her stories ?
Advertisement
After the SciFi Channel ( as it was then known ) made a miniseries based on her Earthsea books , which Le Guin regarded as a travesty , she seemed to have a strong antipathy to letting anyone film her work again — and the second Earthsea adaptation , by Studio Ghibli , does n't seem to have changed her views .
( She did sell the film rights to The Left Hand Of Darkness in 2008 , though . )
But a pair of film students at the National Film and Television School in Beaconsfield , England , wrote a handwritten note to Le Guin back in April , asking for the rights to film one of her short stories .
She wrote back giving them permission to film the story , about a mission to Mars which goes wrong and leaves some of the astronauts psychologically damaged .
Advertisement
The 20 - minute film , which will be called The Field Of Vision after the original story , sounds pretty ambitious for a student film — it will have a £ 12,000 budget , and a huge set .
The students , Rob Watson and director Siri Rodnes , will cut corners partly by reusing props and costumes from the movies Sunshine and Thunderbirds .
And the film will star a former Eastenders star , Raji James .
( He plays a psychiatrist who 's brought in to figure out what 's gone wrong with the Mars astronauts . )
Said Watson :
Most student films are shot on location but we 're doing pretty much all of this on specially - built sets .
There 's even professionally - made spacesuits being used .
The film will premiere in February at the BFI Southbank , and we hope we get to see it at some point .
[ This Is Local London ]
SAN FRANCISCO ( MarketWatch ) -- BP PLC Chief Executive Tony Hayward was spotted attending a prestigious yacht race Saturday , as his company deflects criticism for its handling of one of the worst environmental disasters in U.S. history .
Hayward was spotted by photographers on his yacht , " Bob , " which was competing at the JP Morgan Asset Management Round the Island Race off the Isle of Wight .
According to an Associated Press report , BP BP , - 1.18 % spokeswoman Sheila Williams confirmed that Hayward was " taking a break " from overseeing BP 's ongoing effort to stem the flow of oil into the Gulf of Mexico , to watch Bob participate in the race .
Hayward was grilled at a U.S. congressional hearing on Thursday , where he provided few details about BP 's conduct prior to the Gulf spill , and its handling of the disaster .
Following a meeting with President Barack Obama , BP had on Wednesday agreed to set up a $ 20 billion escrow account to cover damage resulting from the spill .
A drilling rig at BP's Macondo field in the Gulf co-owned with Anadarko Petroleum Corp.
APC , +1.41 % blew out in April , killing 11 workers and starting a flow of oil that scientists estimate is gushing up to 60,000 barrels of crude a day into the water .
Anadarko on Friday sought to distance itself from the disaster , saying in a statement that BP operated improperly in the period leading up to the blow out , and is therefore liable for the resulting damage .
BP said in its own statement that it strongly disagrees with Anadarko 's allegations .
Questions were being asked in Australia last week as to just how far the moral majority was prepared to go to protect the ordinary voter from interweb nastiness .
First we had the clampdown by the Australian Communications and Media Authority ( ACMA ) on a range of material that was not illegal , but clearly too controversial for them to allow to stay out on the net .
Then we had the " six degrees of separation " rule , according to which the ACMA was happy to ban not just the original version of a website they did n’t quite fancy , but also links to that website and possibly also links to links .
Now , we have a bunch of Senators , allegedly the most sophisticated political thinkers in the land , objecting to the publication of a hard copy link to a cartoon of two well - known comic characters reacting to online obscenity .
That ’s right .
Not the nastiness itself – which just happens to be 2 Girls 1 Cup .
Not even a direct link to the reaction video – which appears to have sat happily on Youtube without complaint for some time now .
But rather , a hard copy print - out of that link .
The decision was made by a Senate Committee established to review cyber- safety measures including the government 's controversial internet filter .
The content in question is a clip just over a minute long taken from the US hit cartoon series , Family Guy .
In it , family dog Brian appears to be highly amused by the reaction of baby Stewie on being cajoled into watching infamous shock fetish video 2 Girls 1 Cup .
It is not clear from the clip whether the cartoon characters are actually watching this video – or simply acting .
Despite Senate touchiness on the subject , the entire episode will , according to itNews , be legally available for sale in Australia with a MA15 + rating from later this month .
According to itNews , a committee spokesman was said it had " exercised its discretion " .
They said : " The committee reserves the right to exercise its discretion not to publish any submission , or part of a submission , which in its view contains objectionable material , or material that is or purports to be refused classification or links directly to refused classification material . "
Three other links included in footnotes were also allegedly redacted on the grounds that they pointed to RC content .
However , if this is the new Australian standard for censorship , it seems likely that ACMA has a lot of censoring ( and redacting ) ahead .
Speaking at the recent Onscenity conference in London , Finnish academic Susanna Paasonen spoke at some length about difficulties caused by the growing genre of " reaction videos " , which were clearly not pornographic in themselves , and often highly staged .
Perhaps it is time for Ms Paasonen to have words with the Australian Senate . ®
Bootnote
Meanwhile , under the heading “ you could n’t make it up ” , the Australian Government has now censored some 90 per cent of a document released under Australia ’s FOI laws on the controversial topic of what data ISP ’s are going to be asked to keep when snooping on their customers .
The reason for keeping the answer under wraps ?
Apparently there were fears that the document could cause " premature unnecessary debate " .
A pilot was dragged from a burning plane after the light aircraft he was flying crashed into a car at an Essex airfield , firefighters said .
The single - engine AT3 hit the Volvo as the pilot struggled to land at North Weald Airfield shortly before 1430 BST .
Two people in the car pulled the pilot clear of the burning wreckage .
He suffered facial , back and leg injuries .
Volunteer fire crews were at the airfield for a drag race event so were able to quickly tackle the blaze .
The pilot , who is in his 40s and thought to be from Hertfordshire , was taken to Princess Alexandra Hospital , Harlow .
It is not clear at this stage whether the incident was caused by mechanical failure or human error
Station officer Len Cleary
An Essex Fire Service spokesman said the plane appeared to land , but took off again .
It was attempting a second landing when it hit the car , which was leaving the airfield , the spokesman said .
The two people in the car were unhurt .
Station officer Len Cleary said : " The pilot was lucky .
It appears that the two people in the car brought him clear of the fire after the collision .
" It is not clear at this stage whether the incident was caused by mechanical failure or human error .
" The volunteer fire team acted swiftly to cover the scene with a blanket of foam so when we arrived the fire was under control .
" We have now scaled back our investigation but may return to the scene should the Civil Aviation Authority deem an investigation necessary . "
An Ottawa graphic designer has revealed the secret behind his Internet sensation of coloured bacon .
Bacon .
Grocery store food colouring .
Water .
And time .
Neil Caldwell marinates strips of regular supermarket bacon in baths of yellow , red , green and purple dye for from 24 to 30 hours .
Then he fries the strips and – voila – red , orange , yellow , blue and purple bacon .
Why does n’t the colour leach out ?
“ I have no idea , ” Caldwell tells the Star , barely able to stop laughing long enough to talk .
“ A bit of colour does come out .
The hue difference between the fat and the meat is quite noticeable . ”
Otherwise , he ’s baffled .
He ’s a 38 - year - old graphic designer who had a vision of coloured bacon one Sunday morning in a supermarket , slightly hung over , when a blue baby stroller crossed his line of vision in front of the bacon counter .
The secret could be in the marinating , he admits .
But he ’s never soaked the bacon in the dye for less than 24 hours , so he ’s not sure .
He does know that refridgeration seems to make no difference to the final result .
“ Visually , it has a bit of a twist , ” says Caldwell , explaining the appeal from a designer ’s point of view .
“ The colours are associated with produce : lemons , blueberries , oranges .
But when you eat it , you get the earthy taste of bacon . ”
Caldwell ’s creation , posted on a graphic design forum , caught the eye of bacontoday.com and from there , the world .
So far , he ’d declined to reveal how it ’s done , even when the BBC asked him to fly them some marinating bacon for a test .
Why destroy the mystique now ?
“ I do n’t want to dedicate my life to producing coloured bacon . ”
But first , he created red and blue bacon with white chocolate on a stick for his American friends .
Now he ’s had enough .
The missing 7 - year - old California girl found hiding under a pile of clothes in a Phoenix home Wednesday is back in California , but authorities said it was unlikely the girl would be reunited with her biological family .
Enlarge AP Amber Nicklas was abducted when she was 1 , according to authorities .
Amber Nicklas , who turns 8 next month , has never been to school .
Abducted in 2003 from Norwalk , Calif. , a month after her 1st birthday , the girl has been raised by a Phoenix couple who kept her hidden from authorities , police said .
Police said they found her Wednesday night in a north Phoenix home with the family , who tried to conceal her under a pile of clothes and towels in the bathroom .
The child , whom the couple calls by another name , " appeared like any other almost 8 - year - old , " said Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department Capt .
Patrick Maxwell , whose investigators tracked the child to the home .
" She was living in a family environment with a mom and dad and a brother and a sister , " he said .
The house , with a tarot card and palm reading sign posted out front , " was n't fancy , but it was a clean environment , " Maxwell said .
No one answered the door at the house Thursday .
Schools require birth certificates and immunization records , which the family did n't have , so the child did not attend school , Maxwell said .
" She 's had no formal education , but she 's very social , a very lovely little girl , " said Maxwell , who said he spoke with Amber .
Police questioned the family but have not arrested them .
The family , whom police did not name , is biologically unrelated to the girl , he said .
The girl is now in state custody in Los Angeles .
Amber , who had been living with foster parents , disappeared Sept. 21 , 2003 .
Her three teenage aunts failed to return her to the foster parents after visiting with her at a Chuck E. Cheese restaurant in Norwalk , police said .
Police arrested two aunts at the time but could not locate the third teenager or the baby .
In November 2009 , Los Angeles County Sheriff 's investigators received a tip about the child 's location .
Although that tip led nowhere , the investigator stuck with the case , Maxwell said .
In early July , the investigation led police to Phoenix .
Police used a footprint from the child 's birth certificate to identify her .
Police also found and interviewed the missing aunt , Maxwell said .
Amber " was a victim three times — first , she 's in a foster home , then she 's abducted , and now she 's taken away from the only family she knows , " Maxwell said .
Contributing : The Arizona Republic Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Drew Miller scored a career - high 10 goals last season for the Detroit Red Wings after being claimed off waivers from the Tampa Bay Lightning .
Is that his offensive ceiling ?
Miller certainly hopes not .
“ I want to grow as a player , do n’t want to be known only as a penalty killer , ’’ Miller said .
“ I wo n’t get power - play time , but I can elevate my game five - on - five . ’’
Miller , 26 , signed a one - year contract for $ 650,000 with the Red Wings on Tuesday .
The club was happy the Michigan State product chipped in more offense than expected , but his primary job as a fourth - line grinder is defense and penalty killing .
“ He chipped in some goals , which you want out of your support forwards , ’’ Red Wings general manager Ken Holland said .
“ He can skate .
He did a good job on the penalty kill , getting in shooting lanes .
He gives us depth .
“ It was the first year he got to establish himself , get the coaches ’ confidence .
We hope he takes his career forward . ’’
Miller , along with role players Patrick Eaves and Darren Helm , helped the Red Wings improve dramatically on the penalty kill , going from 25th in the NHL at 78.3 percent in 2008 - 09 to 10th at 83.9 percent .
“ As a kid in college and the minors I always enjoyed being on the penalty kill and being counted on to play well defensively , ’’ Miller said .
“ Coming here last year off waivers , getting a chance to be with the Red Wings , the team they have and the history they have , I ’m honored to be a part of the team . ’’
Miller is dividing his time this offseason between the house he is renting in metro Detroit and his cottage near Grand Rapids .
Holland said he is close to signing two other restricted free agents , Eaves and defenseman Derek Meech .
Helm and Justin Abdelkader likely will sign later in the summer .
In the wake of strong U.S. government statements condemning WikiLeaks ' recent publishing of 77,000 Afghan War documents , the secret - spilling site has posted a mysterious encrypted file labeled " insurance . "
The huge file , posted on the Afghan War page at the WikiLeaks site , is 1.4 GB and is encrypted with AES256 .
The file 's size dwarfs the size of all the other files on the page combined .
The file has also been posted on a torrent download site .
WikiLeaks , on Sunday , posted several files containing the 77,000 Afghan war documents in a single " dump " file and in several other files containing versions of the documents in various searchable formats .
Cryptome , a separate secret - spilling site , has speculated that the new file added days later may have been posted as insurance in case something happens to the WikiLeaks website or to the organization 's founder , Julian Assange .
In either scenario , WikiLeaks volunteers , under a prearranged agreement with Assange , could send out a password or passphrase to allow anyone who has downloaded the file to open it .
It 's not known what the file contains but it could include the balance of data that U.S. Army intelligence analyst Bradley Manning claimed to have leaked to Assange before he was arrested in May .
In chats with former hacker Adrian Lamo , Manning disclosed that he had provided Assange with a different war log cache than the one that WikiLeaks already published .
This one was said to contain 500,000 events from the Iraq War between 2004 and 2009 .
WikiLeaks has never commented on whether it received that cache .
Additionally , Manning said he sent Assange video showing a deadly 2009 U.S. firefight near the Garani village in Afghanistan that local authorities say killed 100 civilians , most of them children , as well as 260,000 U.S. State Department cables .
Manning never mentioned leaking the Afghan War log to WikiLeaks in his chats with Lamo , but Defense Department officials told The Wall Street Journal that investigators had found evidence on Manning 's Army computer that tied him to that leak .
U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates and Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Adm. Mike Mullen strongly condemned WikiLeaks ' publication of the Afghan War log at a Pentagon press briefing on Thursday .
Gates said the leak was “ potentially severe and dangerous for our troops , our allies and our Afghan partners " and said that " tactics , techniques and procedures will become known to our adversaries " as a result .
Mullen was even more direct and said that WikiLeaks “ might already have on their hands the blood of some young soldier ” or an Afghan informant who aided the United States .
Several media outlets have found the names of Afghan informants in the documents WikiLeaks published , as well as information identifying their location in some instances .
A Taliban spokesman told Britain 's Channel 4 news that the group was sifting through the WikiLeaks documents to get the names of suspected informants and would punish anyone found to have collaborated with the United States and its allies .
Wired.com has sent a message to WikiLeaks inquiring about the file .
See also
On June 21 , an intense blast of X - rays from a distant explosion slammed into NASA 's Swift satellite , and was so bright it actually temporarily blinded the observatory !
Swift is a satellite designed to look for gamma-ray bursts ( GRBs ) ; incredibly violent cosmic explosions that occur when black holes form .
We think there are several ways this can happen , but the most common is when a massive star explodes at the end of its life .
Forces in the star 's core can create unbelievably destructive power ; essentially packing all the energy the Sun emits in its entire lifetimeinto two narrow beams that march across the Universe .
A GRB beam can be so intense that from a hundred light years away it would blowtorch the Earth , and so bright it can be seen from clear across the observable Universe .
For once , I 'm not exaggerating .
In the case of last month , the GRB was about 5 billion light years away .
Called GRB 100621A ( from right to left , the first GRB seen on the 21st of June in 2010 ) , it was unusually , amazingly bright in X - rays .
A lot of GRBs emit light across the spectrum , from radio to super - energetic gamma rays , but this one really overachieved in the X - ray department .
Swift , normally easily able to handle the X - ray load from these explosions , was overwhelmed , and actually shut down temporarily when software detected that the cameras onboard might get damaged by the flood of light .
That 's never happened before .
The burst was so bright in X - rays it put other GRBs to shame : slamming Swift with 143,000 X - ray photons per second , it was 5 times brighter than the previous record holder , and nearly 200 times as bright as a typical GRB !
Weirdly , it did n't look out of the ordinary in visible light .
So why was this burst such an overachiever ?
At the moment , that 's not clear .
The good news is , GRBs do n't just blink on and off , they fade over time , allowing for long observations , and for other observatories to take a peek at other flavors of light ( like radio , optical , and infrared ) .
With a fleet of telescopes keeping their eyes on this prize , I expect the journals will soon see their own flood of papers being submitted to explain this extraordinary event .
I can't help but add that for several years I worked on the Swift team , doing education and public outreach .
Whenever we got an extraordinary burst like this one -- and we did see a few whoppers ! -- everyone got very excited and the email and phone calls would fly .
Neil Gehrels , the Principal Investigator of Swift ( think of him as Big Daddy ) was always particularly gung - ho about these , and was really supportive and willing to give time to talk to me about them .
He was incredibly helpful to me when I wrote the GRB chapter of my book , and is just an all - around good guy .
I 'm really glad to see that Swift -- one of NASA 's all - time most successful satellites -- is still cranking out the hits , and the team is still jumping into action when it does .
Tip o' the Cesium - iodide X - ray detector to my old pal Dan Vergano .
Image credits : NASA / Swift / Stefan Immler , NASA
Related posts : - Anniversary of a cosmic blast - A Swift view of Andromeda - New burst vaporizes cosmic distance record - Swift bags the most distant cosmic explosion ever seen
In this clip , former Governor and Fox News anchor Mike Huckabee has a matter - of - fact conversation with Moral Majority co-founder Tim LaHaye on whether “ we are living in the end times . ”
LaHaye explains that Obama is pushing us “ closer to the apocalypse ”
It is the advent of apocalyptic politics — a movement that threatens to eventually devour itself .
This casual conversation about the end of times masks a deeper psychosis where leaders seek to harness unhinged religious fervor for political purposes .
This type of segment is no longer a bizarre comedy or distraction , but a truly frightening trend in both news and politics .
Share this : Twitter
Reddit
Facebook
Email
At least the worst - case scenario — for once — is n’t happening in the Gulf of Mexico .
When forecasters warned last week that a tropical depression was forming in the Carribean , Coast Guard officials cautioned that that they would need to shut down containment operatons over the blown well for as much as two weeks if the storm came to close to the oil spill .
That could have meant hundreds of thousands of barrels of oil bleeding into the Gulf that might otherwise have been contained — and with responders struggling to deal with the crude that ’s already been spilled , a storm would have been crippling .
Instead , the storm that became Hurricane Alex flowed to the west of the spill , making landfall in northern Mexico , which allowed containment to continue over the wellhead .
But the spill response was n’t totally unaffected .
The afteraffects of Alex have dumped inches of rain on the northern Gulf and led to high waves and wind , strong enough that the Coast Guard has been forced to pause all oil skimming and burning operations on the seas for the past couple of days .
At a briefing with reporters on Friday , Coast Guard Rear Admiral Paul Zukunft warned that the winds and waves would displace some of the absorbent boom that has been used to protect the shoreline of southeastern Louisiana , exposing wetlands to more oil .
More than 50 % of the flights over the spill have been cancelled because of the weather , making it tough for the Coast Guard to keep a close track of where the oil is going .
“ It ’s going to be a long and ardurous cleanup process in the days to come , ” said Zukunft .
There are bigger worries , though .
Over the weekend the forecasters expect the winds to shift the footprint of the oil west along the shoreline , where it will eventually hit the Chandeleur Islands east of the Mississippi delta .
Though island and the marshes around them are home to sensitive species , including shorebirds , and a serious oil hit — especially if boom has been ruined by the storm — could have long - lasting effects .
“ In the next 24 hours we are going to launch every available resources , ” said Zukunft .
“ It ’s going to be a long weekend down here in terms of the oil spill response . ”
The threat to the wetlands only underscores just how vital it is for BP to finally stop the flow of oil coming from the well .
But Alex has slowed that operation down as well .
Right now BP has the Discovery Enterprise drillship , which is taking up oil from the containment cap over the well , and the Q4000 drilling platform , which is burning off captured oil and gas .
Together they can deal with around 25,000 barrels a day — out of the 35,000 to 60,000 barrels a day spurting out of the well , according to the latest government estimate .
BP had planned to add an additional containment vessel — the wonderfully named Helix Producer — by this week , which would have been able to process an additional 20,000 to 25,000 barrels a day , enough to potentially contain just about all the oil flowing out of the well .
But the storm pushed that plan back until July 7 at the earliest — meaning it led to the loss of 125,000 barrels of oil that might have otherwise been captured .
“ That ’s the greatest oppourtunity lost so far because of the weather , ” Coast Guard Admiral Thad W. Allen told reporters on Friday .
Still , there could be a savior on the horizon — a 1,100 ft. long , 10 story tall supertanker savior .
The massive Taiwanese ship — which is actually called “ A Whale ” — lays claim to be the best oil skimmer in the world , a crude - eating monster that can collect as much as 500,000 barrels of oil - and - water mix a year .
The supertanker , converted to operate into a giant oil skimmer , will be tested on Saturday to see whether it can work in the Gulf .
Oily water enters the ship through 12 horizontal slits on the port and starboard sides of the vessel , where it is decanted to separate the oil and water , with the water returned to the sea .
It sounds great , but no one is quite sure whether it will work , and no ship of this size has ever been used as a skimmer .
“ We ’re anxious to find out how effective it will be , ” said Allen at a White House briefing on Thursday .
“ But it ’s a very large ship that ’s been converted to be able to recover oil , and we ’ll see how that goes . ”
If A Whale — seriously , that ’s the name and it is very awkward to write — actually works , it might finally be the silver bullet the people of the Gulf have been waiting for .
But critics have their doubts — one Coast Guard officer told MSNBC that the Gulf spill was simply too dispersed to be picked up by one ship :
“ I do n’t think the concept is that bad , but I do n’t see how in this situation it ’s going to be a significant player , ” said Dennis Bryant , a former Coast Guard officer who worked on implementing regulations required by the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 before retiring and starting a maritime consulting business in Gainesville , Fla .
“ In a case like the Exxon Valdez spill , where you had a lot of oil on the surface in a confined area , a vessel like this could have gone in and sucked up a whole lot , ” he said .
“ But in the Gulf , where the oil is pretty well dispersed over a vast area , I do n’t see how it ’s going to make a large dent . ”
Oh well .
Given that the ship ’s owner , Nobu Su , tends to be referred to in the media as a “ mysterious Taiwanese billionaire , ” this whole situation sounds like something from an early 1970s Bond film .
Actually , sometimes the Gulf oil spill seems like something out of the Roger Moore - era , down to the villain with an English accent — BP ’s Tony Hayward .
More than 70 days out , though , we ’re still lacking a hero .
( Health.com ) --
When the dog days hit Boston , Massachusetts , Stephanie Meyers starts cooking alfresco to keep things cool indoors .
Meyers grills -- a lot -- and as a nutritionist at the Dana - Farber Cancer Institute , she 's well aware that charring meat over an open flame produces cancer - causing substances ( known as carcinogens ) that may be harmful when eaten .
So to make grilling healthier , she sticks to the same advice she gives her patients .
" I follow my own tips and grill a lot of veggies , " she says .
" I 've been known to put all kinds of things on the grill just to see what happens . "
( She 's not kidding : Plums , kale and Swiss chard are among some of her favorite past experiments . )
Unlike meat , vegetables do n't create carcinogens when they char .
But the small cancer risk associated with grilling meat is n't so great that you need to forgo hamburgers , hot dogs and steaks altogether .
Taking a few precautions while barbecuing will minimize the health risks without sacrificing that delicious charcoal taste , experts say .
Health.com : 15 Healthy Grilled Chicken Recipes
Grilling protein - filled foods such as meat and fish creates two kinds of chemical compounds that may contribute to cancer : heterocyclic amines ( HCAs ) and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons ( PAHs ) .
HCAs form in meat when it 's cooked at a high temperature .
While frying and broiling produce these chemicals as well , those charred bits at the edges of barbecued meat contain HCAs in their purest state .
HCAs , which are also found in cigarette smoke , have been shown to cause cancer in organs including the stomach , colon , liver and skin -- but only in animal studies .
It 's unclear whether HCAs cause the same problems in people .
Still , the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services has stated that the chemicals are " reasonably anticipated to be human carcinogens . "
Health.com : Ways to Breathe Easier When Eating
PAHs , the second type of compound , are formed when juices from meat drip onto coals or other hot surfaces and create smoke .
The smoke contains these carcinogens , which are deposited onto the surface of meat as it swirls around the food .
Colleen Doyle , the director of nutrition and physical activity for the American Cancer Society , says the risks these two substances pose should n't make die - hard grillers put away their oversized utensils for good .
" From our perspective , there has not been enough definitive research that would cause us to tell people not to grill at all , " she says .
But there are ways to minimize your exposure to carcinogens when grilling , Doyle adds .
She recommends cleaning the grill prior to cooking , which will remove any charred debris that may stick to food .
And if some parts of the meat you 're cooking get badly charred , cut those pieces off .
Health.com : The Best Healthy Burger Recipes
In addition , precooking food slightly before grilling will help cut down on PAHs .
Meyers recommends placing meat in the microwave and zapping it for between 60 seconds ( for leaner cuts ) and 90 seconds ( for thicker , fattier pieces ) .
This reduces the amount of time the food is on the grill and allows some of the juices to drain beforehand .
Certain recipes can make grilling safer as well , according to Meyers .
Marinades made with vinegar or lemon act as an " invisible shield " that changes the acidity of the meat and prevents PAHs from sticking , she says .
( On the other hand , sugary marinades such as barbecue sauce that encourage charring should be used only during the last one to two minutes on the grill . )
And whenever possible , Meyers recommends grilling vegetables or fruits instead of meat .
The carcinogens in charred meat are n't the only health concern associated with barbecues .
Though for many people the smell of a juicy steak wafting from the grill is synonymous with the onset of summer , the smoke that carries the aroma is less desirable .
Health.com : How to Pair Wine With Grilled Food
A 2003 report from researchers at Rice University , in Houston , Texas , found that grilling creates " ambient fine particulate matter " -- air pollution , in other words .
Although backyard barbecues add far less pollution to the atmosphere than cars and factories , this particulate matter can still cause problems .
In concentrated amounts , the smoke from a grill can trigger respiratory trouble in people with lung diseases such as asthma or chronic obstructive pulmonary disease ( COPD ) .
" Anyone who is sensitive to smoke should avoid exposure to a grill - - or fire , or trucks , " says Paul Billings , the vice president of advocacy at the American Lung Association .
" They should protect themselves by limiting their exposure to whatever the source is that irritates their lungs . "
Billings recommends cooking over natural gas or propane grills to reduce the pollution emitted .
If you own a charcoal grill , using a chimney starter instead of lighter fluid will also keep you from inhaling harmful chemicals , he says .
Buying lean cuts of meat , trimming off most of the fat and wrapping foods like fish in a foil packet will all help cut down on smoke by reducing the amount of juices that drip onto the grill .
Health.com : 9 Mouthwatering Barbecue Recipes
Although at - home chefs should always try to grill as safely as possible , Meyers emphasizes that you should n't let the health risks of barbecuing spoil your appetite .
" Keep the risk in perspective , " she says .
" Grilled foods are not the greatest cancer risk -- not wearing sunscreen while at the grill is a bigger deal .
If you like to grill , put meat on the grill and use the safety tips . "
Copyright Health Magazine 2011
In the next week or so , we 'll be making some improvements to the design and layout of the BBC News website .
Since our launch in 1997 , we 've worked to make sure the site continues to develop to meet your needs and expectations .
This is the latest stage in that process of evolution .
We have focused on design and navigation , looking to see how we can make all the existing content we produce each day easier for you to find , use and share .
I 'd like to use this post to offer you a first glimpse ; you can see a slideshow here .
Read the rest of BBC News website redesign ( 1 ) on The Editors .
The Last Blog Post !
This is my last blog post –for the foreseeable future .
It is dated 7/31/2011 at 11:59 PM .
What happens tomorrow ?
A new life , of course !
As ...
Simple Log Review Checklist Released !
Today , many people are looking for very simple solutions to big and complex problems – and the area of logging and log management is no exc ...
Why No Open Source SIEM , EVER ?
Here is a perfect weekend post – on SIEM :-)
Ok , all this Google web traffic of people searching for “ open source SIEM ” ( sometimes “ ope ...
Monthly Blog Round - Up – May 2017
Here is my next monthly " Security Warrior " blog round - up of top 5 popular posts / topics this month : “ New SIEM Whitepaper on Use C ...
Nothing is as it's first said to be in this disaster .
Here 's yet another example :
ST . PETERSBURG , Fla . —
Through a chemical fingerprinting process , University of South Florida researchers have definitively linked clouds of underwater oil in the northern Gulf of Mexico to BP 's runaway Deepwater Horizon well — the first direct scientific link between the subsurface oil clouds commonly known as " plumes " and the BP oil spill , USF officials said Friday .
Until now , scientists had circumstantial evidence , but lacked that definitive scientific link .
The announcement came on the same day that the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration announced that its researchers have confirmed the existence of the subsea plumes at depths of 3,300 to 4,300 feet below the surface of the Gulf .
NOAA said its detection equipment also implicated the BP well in the plumes ' creation .
Together , the two studies confirm what in the early days of the spill was denied by BP and viewed skeptically by NOAA 's chief — that much of the crude that gushed from the Deepwater Horizon well stayed beneath the surface of the water .
" What we have learned completely changes the idea of what an oil spill is , " said chemical oceanographer David Hollander , one of three USF researchers credited with the matching samples of oil taken from the water with samples from the BP well .
" It has gone from a two - dimensional disaster to a three - dimensional catastrophe . "
[...]
Steven Murawski , chief scientist for NOAA 's National Marine Fisheries Service , said the data confirm that the subsea plumes of oil were the result of the Deepwater Horizon well .
" That 's a real smoking gun , as far as we 're concerned , " he said .
" It really is a flow " from the well .
In May , when scientists first reported that they had discovered oil beneath the Gulf 's surface and blamed it on the Deepwater Horizon spill , they were denounced by both BP and NOAA chief Jane Lubchenco .
BP CEO Tony Hayward denied that such plumes existed and Lubchenco called the reports " misleading , premature and , in some cases , inaccurate . "
Hoagie lovers rejoice !
Wawa Hoagie Day returns Wednesday , June 30th after a ten - year absence and in celebration , a 1 and 1/4 mile hoagie ( weighing four tons ! ) will make it ’s way from Wawa , PA to the steps of the Philadelphia Museum of Art as part of Welcome America .
And yes , it will be available for public consumption !
At 7 p.m. , the massive sandwich will be served , moments before Mayor Nutter declares June 30th Hoagie Heritage Day .
While the hoagies are being distributed , Philadelphia Police Officers and Firefighters will square off in a hoagie building competition , with both teams building as many hoagies as possible in three minutes .
After enjoying the delicious sandwich , prepare yourself for an evening of Rocky Balboa , beginning at 8 p.m. with the Rocky Idol lookalike ( and soundalike ) contest .
Then at 9 p.m. , find a spot on the famed Art Museum steps for a special screening of the classic original Rocky film .
Hoagies and Rocky , it does n’t get much more Philly than that !
Wawa Hoagie Day and Rocky Screening
When : June 30 , 2010 , 7 p.m .
Where : Philadelphia Museum of Art steps , 26th and Benjamin Franklin Parkway
Cost : FREE !
Wawa Welcome America [ visitphilly.com ]
Advertisements
If you are looking for a reason why CNN was so eager to push Larry King out of his long running talk show and into cable news retirement , look no further than the July ratings where MSNBC ’s Rachel Maddow defeated Larry King for the sixth straight month and for the seventeenth time in twenty four months , and her audience continues to grow .
From the MSNBC press release , “ The Rachel Maddow Show ” beat CNN ’s “ Larry King Live ” for the sixth month in a row among both total viewers and A25 - 54 , out - drawing King by 50 percent among A25 - 54 ( 236,000 vs. 157,000 ) and by 37 percent in total viewers ( 891,000 vs. 652,000 ) .
July marks the 17th month “ The Rachel Maddow Show ” has beaten “ Larry King Live ” in its 23 months . ”
Those are some pretty solid numbers for Rachel Maddow ’s unabashedly wonkish MSNBC program .
Maddow managed to defeat King without the benefit of celebrity guests that King features .
Advertisements
Even though CNN is struggling mightily in prime time , they used their press release to point out just the ratings decline of what they referred to as Fox News ’ non-news programming , “ Both FNC ’s news and non-news programs posted substantial audience loss when comparing July to their peak in January 2010 , with the network ’s audience dropping off by 20 - 33 % every hour during the day in the demo 25 - 54 .
FNC ’s non-news program Fox and Friends was down 21 % , Your World with Cavuto was down 33 % , Glenn Beck was off 33 % , The O’Reilly Factor declined 26 % , Hannity lost 29 % of its audience and On the Record was down 29 % .
Other double - digit demo losses included the 9a hour ( - 26 % ) , 10a ( - 20 % ) , 11a ( - 27 % ) , Noon ( - 32 % ) , 1 p ( - 26 % ) , 2 p ( - 26 % ) , 3 p ( - 30 % ) , 6 p ( - 32 % ) and 7 p ( - 32 % ) . ”
As Mediaite recently pointed out Maddow is becoming a player in the ratings , “ Rachel Maddow further cemented her place as a ratings player at MSNBC , especially in Keith Olbermann ’s absence , with a strong performance Thursday night .
Her 9 pmET show nearly doubled Larry King in the A25 - 54 demographic and was the only non-FNC program to have more than one million total viewers . ”
Overall , FNC is still the dominant network .
They are the third highest rated network in all of cable and have more viewers than MSNBC and CNN combined .
The contempt that the folks at CNN have for Fox News ’ non-news programming as they called it almost jumps off the page .
CNN has a whole lot of problems , especially in prime time , so while I am sure that pointing out FNC ’s drop felt good , unlike MSNBC , they stayed far away from discussing the ratings of their individual programs .
It is n’t any surprise that Rachel Maddow is dominating CNN .
Larry King went stale a long time ago , however I think her ability to draw an audience with the kind of show that she does , calm , understated , and fact based , shows that there is an audience out there for programming that is willing to actually be more journalistic than entertainment .
Whoever CNN hires is going to face an uphill battle against Maddow .
If I were running CNN I would dump the ideas for a Crossfire revival , and the celebrity interview show .
Instead take a page from Maddow ’s book .
Start treating viewers like they are smart and offer them an intelligent alternative .
CNN needs an identity in prime time in the worst way .
Keith Olbermann may still have MSNBC ’s top show , but Rachel Maddow is the real rising star .
Her show has a unique style that seems to reflect her interests , and the bad news for the rest of cable news is that she is expanding her audience .
Η ιστο σ ελίδα ΟΙΚΟΓΕΝΕΙΑΚΕΣ ΔΙΑΚΟΠΕΣ ( oikogeneiakes - diakopes.gr ) έχει σ χεδι α σ τε ί για να παρέχει αξιόπι σ τε ς πληροφορίε ς για καταλύματα που είναι φιλικά προς τις οικογένειε ς , αλλά και να απλοποι ή σ ει την προ σ πάθεια εξε υ ρεσή ς το υ ς.
Σκοπ ό ς μα ς είναι να καλύψο υ με τις ανάγκε ς της εν ημέρ ωση ς των οικο γενειών , ώστε να επι λέξουν τι ς καλύτερε ς διακοπέ ς για τα παιδιά τους , όλων των ηλικιών , και να ενημ ερ ωθούν για το ποιέ ς είναι οι καλύτερες παραλίε ς της Ελλάδα ς.
Στην ιστο σ ελίδα οι γονεί ς μπορούν να πρα γματοποιήσουν αναζήτηση σ την βάση δεδομένων μας , για ξενοδοχεία και ενοικια ζ
όμενα δωμάτια φιλικά προ ς τα παιδιά , τα οποία θα έχουν αξιολογηθε ί με προδια γ
ραφές , που θα εξα σ φαλίζουν την ευχάριστη αλλά και άνετη διαμονή μια ς οικογένεια ς.
Η ταξιν όμηση το υ ς έχει γίνει ανα περιφέ ρειε ς τη ς Ελλάδας , ανα νομού ς τη ς Ελλάδα ς και ανα περιοχέ ς και δημοφ ι λεί ς προορι σ μού ς σε ολόκληρο τον Ελλαδικ ό χώρο .
Επίση ς σα ς εν ημ ερώνο υ με οτι ο κατάλογο ς περιλαμ βάνει καταλύματα που φ ροντίζουν τα παιδιά , παρέχοντα ς το υ ς ασφ άλεια , άπλετο χ ώρο , ψυχαγωγικές δραστηριότητε ς και όλα αυτά χωρί ς να πα ραμελούν και την ανάγκη των γονέ ων για ξεκού ραση .
οικογενειακές διακοπές στην Ελλάδα με παιδιά : μάθετε περ ι σ σ ότερα
ΟΙ ΚΑΛΥΤΕΡΕΣ ΠΑΡΑΛΙΕΣ ΤΗΣ ΚΕΡΚΥΡΑΣ - ΟΙ ΚΑΛΥΤΕΡΕΣ ΠΑΡΑΛΙΕΣ ΤΗΣ ΛΕΥΚΑΔΑΣ - ΟΙ ΚΑΛΥΤΕΡΕΣ ΠΑΡΑΛΙΕΣ ΣΤΟ ΗΡΑΚΛΕΙΟ ΚΡΗΤΗ Σ
ΟΙ ΚΑΛΥΤΕΡΕΣ ΠΑΡΑΛΙΕΣ ΣΤΗΝ ΣΚΙΑΘΟ ΦΘΗΝΑ ΑΕΡΟΠΟΡΙΚΑ ΕΙΣΙΤΗΡΙΑ
Australian scientists are working towards creating a living , full - thickness replacement skin for burns victims and hope to begin animal trials later this year .
Research is underway to reproduce in the laboratory fully - functioning skin for transplant which could transform the lives of those left with serious burn injuries , a spokeswoman for the Sydney Burns Foundation said Sunday .
Burns victims are currently treated with skin grafts -- pieces of their own skin taken from unharmed parts of their body -- or with small sheets of skin grown in a laboratory using their skin cells .
But laboratories can only grow epidermis -- the thin outer layer of skin -- and this can cannot stretch , perspire , grow hair , or have normal feeling or movement .
Researchers at the Sydney Burns Foundation , a collaboration between the University of Sydney and Concord Hospital , hope to counter this problem by developing a full - thickness , living skin to be transplanted to burns victims .
Sydney University Professor Peter Maitz said extensive testing was underway to establish base data for testing on animals in the near future .
" Burns injury is one of the most severe and disabling traumas a person can sustain , " Maitz said in a statement .
" While modern burn and intensive care treatment has saved many lives , there is still a widening gap between achieving survival and real quality of life after a severe burn injury . "
Speaking to the ABC last month , Maitz said when burns go through all the layers of skin , doctors are often only able to replace them with a " thin , thin layer .
" Whilst it will close the wound , it has no elasticity .
It can not sweat , it cannot regulate temperature , it does not metabolise -- produce anything .
These are all functions of the normal skin . "
He said while burns victims could often be kept alive by hospitals , it was up to the plastic surgeon to make their lives worth living .
" Because if that person then leaves the hospital and is a complete scar that can't move around , ca n't use their hands , can't eat properly , can't do their personal hygiene , the question needs to be asked , are we failing our patients ? "
Explore further Solving a medical riddle to achieve scar - less burns and wound healing
( c ) 2010 AFP
I just hope we do n't see Sinestro turn evil until the second , or maybe even third , movie .
It deserves its own focus for a movie .
This one will be so busy as the requisite " origin " story .
It sounds like that 's what they have planned , but you never know .
DESTIN ( Dow Jones Newswires ) , July 2 , 2010
As the oil spill continues and the cleanup lags , we must begin to ask difficult and uncomfortable questions .
There does not seem to be much that anyone can do to stop the spill except dig a relief well , not due until August .
But the cleanup is a different story .
The press and Internet are full of straightforward suggestions for easy ways of improving the cleanup , but the federal government is resisting these remedies .
First , the Environmental Protection Agency can relax restrictions on the amount of oil in discharged water , currently limited to 15 parts per million .
In normal times , this rule sensibly controls the amount of pollution that can be added to relatively clean ocean water .
But this is not a normal time .
Various skimmers and tankers ( some of them very large ) are available that could eliminate most of the oil from seawater , discharging the mostly clean water while storing the oil onboard .
While this would clean vast amounts of water efficiently , the EPA is unwilling to grant a temporary waiver of its regulations .
Next , the Obama administration can waive the Jones Act , which restricts foreign ships from operating in U.S. coastal waters .
Many foreign countries ( such as the Netherlands and Belgium ) have ships and technologies that would greatly advance the cleanup .
So far , the U.S. has refused to waive the restrictions of this law and allow these ships to participate in the effort .
The combination of these two regulations is delaying and may even prevent the world 's largest skimmer , the Taiwanese owned " A Whale , " from deploying .
This 10 - story high ship can remove almost as much oil in a day as has been removed in total -- roughly 500,000 barrels of oily water per day .
The tanker is steaming towards the Gulf , hoping it will receive Coast Guard and EPA approval before it arrives .
In addition , the federal government can free American - based skimmers .
Of the 2,000 skimmers in the U.S. ( not subject to the Jones Act or other restrictions ) , only 400 have been sent to the Gulf .
Federal barriers have kept the others on stations elsewhere in case of other oil spills , despite the magnitude of the current crisis .
The Coast Guard and the EPA issued a joint temporary rule suspending the regulation on June 29 -- more than 70 days after the spill .
The Obama administration can also permit more state and local initiatives .
The media endlessly report stories of county and state officials applying federal permits to perform various actions , such as building sand berms around the Louisiana coast .
In some cases , they were forbidden from acting .
In others there have been extensive delays in obtaining permission .
As the government fails to implement such simple and straightforward remedies , one must ask why .
One possibility is sheer incompetence .
Many critics of the president are fond of pointing out that he had no administrative or executive experience before taking office .
But the government is full of competent people , and the military and Coast Guard can accomplish an assigned mission .
In any case , several remedies require nothing more than getting out of the way .
Another possibility is that the administration places a higher priority on interests other than the fate of the Gulf , such as placating organized labor , which vigorously defends the Jones Act .
Finally there is the most pessimistic explanation -- that the oil spill may be viewed as an opportunity , the way White House Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel said back in February 2009 , " You never want a serious crisis to go to waste . "
Many administration supporters are opposed to offshore oil drilling and are already employing the spill as a tool for achieving other goals .
The websites of the Sierra Club , Friends of the Earth and Greenpeace , for example , all feature the oil spill as an argument for forbidding any further offshore drilling or for any use of fossil fuels at all .
None mention the Jones Act .
To these organizations and perhaps to some in the administration , the oil spill may be a strategic justification in a larger battle .
President Obama has already tried to severely limit drilling in the Gulf , using his Oval Office address on June 16 to demand that we " embrace a clean energy future . "
In the meantime , how about a cleaner Gulf ?
Mr. Rubin , a professor of economics at Emory University , held several senior positions in the federal government in the 1980s .
Since 1991 he has spent his summers on the Gulf .
Copyright ( c ) 2010 Dow Jones & Company , Inc .
The former lover of a top Brazilian soccer player was allegedly strangled and fed to dogs , the BBC reported Friday , according to NewsCore .
Eliza Samudio , 25 , disappeared more than a month ago from a hotel in Rio de Janeiro .
Police say she was taken by force and was strangled in the southeastern city of Belo Horizonte .
Samudio's remains have not yet been found , but police say her body was cut up and parts were fed to dogs .
The rest of her corpse was allegedly buried under concrete .
Samudio was a former girlfriend of footballer Bruno Fernandes das Dores de Souza , 25 -- known to Brazilian soccer fans simply as Bruno -- who plays in goal for Brazil 's most popular soccer club , Flamengo .
Bruno turned himself in to police earlier this week after officers issued a warrant for his arrest , the BBC reported .
A teenage cousin of the married soccer star handed evidence over to police that implicated Bruno -- who maintains he has a " clear conscience . "
The 17 - year - old told police he had taken part in the abduction with another friend of Bruno , Luiz Henrique Ferreira Romao .
Police have also arrested his wife , Dayane Souza , and several of his friends , in connection with Samudio 's disappearance .
Samudio had a four - month - old baby and claimed that Bruno was the father .
Flamengo has suspended the player , who has been with the club since 2006 and was captain last year when the squad clinched the Brazilian championship .
Click here for more from NewsCore .
Colors create life and energy .
They radiate beauty and often expresses various emotions and feelings …
For designers , color plays a significant role in creating artworks .
The blending and the harmony of the colors given can either enhance or destroy a design …
With today ’s post , we have collected A Compilation of Free Online Color Generator Tools for Designers that you can look into as referral to colors that you may and can use for your designs .
Check out this color generators and feel free to use what online color tools you ’re comfortable .
Kuler
View Source
Color Schemer v2
View Source
Colour Grab
View Source
Color Spire
View Source
Colour Lovers
View Source
Hex Color Scheme Generator
View Source
Color Combos
View Source
Color Scheme Designer
View Source
Color Palette
View Source
Color Jack
View Source
Color Otate
View Source
The Color Tool
View Source
Color Palette
View Source
Color Schemes
View Source
Color Explorer
View Source
Contrasta
View Source
Color Hunter
View Source
Color Blender
View Source
Color Mixers
View Source
It is the most racist thing you can call a hispanic , it is the n-word of hispanics
With close to a month left for Metroid : Other M‘s August 31 release the anticipation for the game is reaching a fever pitch .
So a new trailer even if it ’s in Japanese is very much welcomed by Metroid fans .
Nintendo has released a new story trailer for Metroid : Other M on the Minna no Nintendo Channel in Japan .
Unfortunately the trailer is in Japanese , but there ’s plenty of brand new gameplay footage showcased so you wo n’t be disappointed .
Check out the full Metroid : Other M Story Trailer below :
an insightful examination of the growing polyamory movement and the people in it — their ideals , motivations , backgrounds , and actual practices ....
Anapol draws on her nearly 30 years at the heart of the movement , including her experience counseling thousands of poly and would - be - poly clients and her many discussions with the movement 's movers and shakers .
She also examines how poly people and families deal with such issues as jealousy , time management , child rearing , and how closeted or out to be in a sometimes hostile world .
Anapol provides a straightforward examination of polyamory 's costs and benefits , as well as the personality traits and good - relationship practices that have proven most likely to lead to a successful poly life .
And she looks ahead to where the movement may be going , and to the benefits that this wider paradigm of loving may yet have for the future of humanity .
Recommended ... both for scholars of the polyamory movement and for would - be polys seeking a good look at what they hope to join .
neopaganism seem to go together so often , you 're seeing another founder effect : from Oberon Zell - Ravenheart and friends .
They advocated for polyamory starting about 40 years ago ( and co-invented the word 20 years ago ) while also doing much to create and shape the Neo - Pagan religious movement with their Stranger in a Strange Land - inspired
If you 've also wondered why polyamory andseem to go together so often , you 're seeing another founder effect : from Oberon Zell - Ravenheart and friends .
They advocated for polyamory starting about 40 years ago ( and co-invented the word 20 years ago ) while also doing much to create and shape the Neo - Pagan religious movement with their - inspired Church of All Worlds
polyfidelity and compersion .
Kerista inspired many key people in the West Coast social network that originated today 's poly movement , including Ryam Nearing — while building a booming business selling and servicing those newfangled Apple computer thingies .
At its height , And , do you ever wonder why the poly world is so full of computer geeks and IT professionals ?
One of the reasons , I 'm sure , is a third founder effect : from the Kerista community in San Francisco in the 1980s , the utopian polyamorous commune that invented the wordsandKerista inspired many key people in the West Coast social network that originated today 's poly movement , including Ryam Nearing — while building a booming business selling and servicing those newfangled Apple computer thingies .
At its height , reports Wired magazine , Kerista 's computer business Abacus
generated $ 35 million in sales , employed 125 people , and serviced dozens of blue - chip corporations like Pacific Gas & Electric , United Airlines and Pacific Bell .
The company ran a pair of plush training centers in San Francisco 's financial district and in Santa Clara .
It operated three big repair facilities and a giant warehouse .
It had consulting divisions for networking and publishing , and even ran a computer temp agency .
" It was a fascinating company that people could n't put their fingers on , for good reason , " said a former commune member who asked to be referred to by his commune name , Love .
" It was run by flamboyant , hippie types , who tended to be young and good looking .
But they were very good at evangelizing the Mac . "
... right alongside evangelizing for Keristan group marriage , even while visiting corporate workplaces .
( The company 's motto : " A vision with a business . " )
For a while Kerista was the largest Macintosh dealer in northern California and was featured three years running in Inc. magazine .
As a result , utopian polys and the new breed of computer geeks intersected heavily at this formative time and place for each .
A social historian would surely say this is partly why , when you talk to someone at a meetup who 's brand - new to poly and may have barely been born in Kerista 's time , he or she is likely to tell you , " I work in IT . "
Today 's oaks stand where acorns once fell .
Ask longtime polyfolks about Deborah Taj Anapol , and you may get very different reactions .
Anapol was one of the founding mothers of the modern polyamory movement in the 1980s and 1990s ( along with Ryam Nearing ; see my history of Loving More ) .
Her 1992 bookexpanded in 1997 aswas often called the movement 's bible .
For a while it was practically the movement ' sbook .
If you 've wondered why so many poly movers and shakers today are women , or why the community has a strong feminist character , or why it contains a strong subcurrent of New Age concepts , sacred sexuality , and tantra , you 're seeing a sociological founder effect stemming in part from Anapol .
Her enthusiastic book , articles , talks , media appearances , and workshops inspired countless people to embrace a poly life .
Others were browned off .
If you wonder why emotional reactions erupt in the poly world when someone mentions that they think poly is " more evolved , " or against people in the movement making " woo woo " New Age health claims , you 're seeing a reaction to things Anapol helped set in motion .
During the last decade she largely withdrew from the poly scene , turning to larger topics of spiritual philosophy and the relevance of wider models of love to humanity 's survival and future .
She moved to Hawaii , raised coffee , continued to lead occasional personal - development retreats , and published the small book The Seven Natural Laws of Love ( 2005 ) .
Now she is back — older , wiser , and more detached , even skeptical .
Polyamory in the 21st Century : Love and Intimacy with Multiple Partners takes a careful , sociologist 's view of the movement that she helped create , recognizing the ways that it has and has not lived up to her initial hopes .
The book may surprise her critics with its level - headed academic approach ; she can not be accused of woo - woo here .
In a blurb I wrote for the publisher , I called the bookClick to read the book 's introduction , table of contents , and part of Chapter 1 Here 's the book 's Facebook page Here 's Anapol 's new " Love Without Limits " blog at Psychology Today .
Here are four short videos ( 2 to 5 minutes ) of her speaking at the book launch about the biological basis of monogamy and polyamory polyamory and community , and poly and the next generation --------------------------------------------------------------------------
Labels : anthropology , Book reviews by me , books , history
One thing that did worry me , though , was the way Lewis Hamilton ran out of fuel on his in - lap after qualifying .
Like team orders , which I touched upon in my last column , this is a grey area that needs clearing up and fast .
My understanding has always been that you need enough fuel to get the car back to the pits and provide a one - litre sample for the stewards .
Would it be so hard to write that into the regulations ?
Checking her receipt as she left a downtown Canadian Tire , Chris Colorado noticed a new charge .
Her $ 1.99 bottle of dish soap was accompanied by a 13 - cent “ eco fee . ”
The levy for thousands of new products , from pharmaceuticals to fire extinguishers , quietly came into effect July 1 , the same day as the harmonized sales tax .
But unlike that tax , provincial agencies have done little to publicize the new fees , catching consumers like Colorado by surprise .
“ I ’ve never heard anything about this fee .
No one ’s talking about it , ” she said .
“ The fact they just put it without us knowing , I do n’t think it ’s honest .
I do n’t like it . ”
Manufacturers must pay the province a levy for recycling their products .
Some companies are passing these costs , ranging from a few cents to several dollars per product , onto consumers .
Stewardship Ontario , the agency overseeing the eco fees , began its $ 2.5 million public education campaign at the beginning of the month , which consists of posters and radio spots , as well as a group which tours public events and provides information about the program .
“ We would rather spend the money to educate people than to spend the money months ahead to say , ‘ Hey , there ’s a new eco fee coming , ’ ” said spokeswoman Amanda Harper Sevonty .
“ Our message to consumers is n’t about the eco fees .
Our message to consumers is about here are the materials and what to do with them . ”
==
==
By clicking the makethedrop.ca website and inserting their postal codes , residents can find which products they can recycle and where the closest collection site is located .
There are 92 special disposal sites across the province .
Some retailers and consumers , however , say the silence has hurt the cause .
If the consumers do n’t know of the fees before they buy the item , they wo n’t know what to do with the waste .
When the first round of products was levied in 2008 , Len McAuley was given a sign explaining the fees to customers at Pollock ’s Home Hardware on Roncesvalles Ave .
“ With this second phase , they have n’t sent us anything , ” he said .
“ Basically , the list is getting longer .
The government ’s not communicating to the public . ”
The fees now cover all aerosol containers from hairspray to whipped cream , pharmaceuticals , syringes , mercury - containing devices and other toxic , corrosive or flammable products .
The start date of the new levies was set when the program came into effect two years ago and by coincidence fell on the same day as the HST launch , Harper Sevonty said .
Progressive Conservative Environment Critic Toby Barrett criticized some of the fees as being a tax grab “ under the guise of environmentalism , ” noting particular concern with levies on fire extinguishers , which range from $ 2.22 to $ 6.66 depending on the weight .
“ I feel the Ontario government has a bit of explaining to do .
I think that would eliminate a lot of the frustration , ” he said .
However , Harper Sevonty stressed that the fees are n’t a tax .
“ They are the program cost to collect and manage this material out of the waste stream , ” she said .
The companies that produce the goods are being charged a levy , which pays for the hazardous waste to be properly recycled instead of being dumped into landfills .
It ’s up to the manufacturers and retailers whether to download the charge onto customers , she said .
At Queen ’s Park , Environment Minister John Gerretsen defended the recycling fees as “ the right thing to do . ”
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
He noted the stewardship councils were set up under enabling legislation that was passed by the previous Progressive Conservative government in 2002 , so it ’s odd that the Tories would be so critical .
“ It ’s not a tax .
The government does not see one penny of it .
It all goes to the stewardship councils to make sure that all of these materials do not end up in our landfill sites , ” the minister said .
With files from Robert Benzie
Portugal rocks .
There we said it .
Never did we think that we ’d write an article on this blog about either Jesus or Jose Saramago .
But stranger things have happened .
Like people putting cement in their ass .
Or like Jesus appearing on a Portuguese edition of Playboy .
Jesus agreed to an exclusive shoot with Playboy where he hangs out with three tattooed , smoking , gun wielding , naked ladies .
Basically , breaking all sorts of commandments .
When asked why he decided to ok the shoot Jesus said , “ ‘ Cause Jose Saramago is the fucking shiznit . ”
Jose Saramago , the only Porteugeuse writer to win the Nobel Prize , passed away last month .
Possibly Saramago ’s most famous book was titled The Gospel According To Jesus Christ ( O Evangelho Segundo Jesus Christ ) which is what is carved in the headboard of the bed on the Playboy cover .
We questioned Jesus on whether it was simply good luck that landed him in Playboy or was it perhaps divine intervention .
Jesus became quite animate as he answered , “ Divine Intervention ?
Best fucking dildo ’s out there .
Man , the plowing I gave that blonde after the shoot with the Diving Nun was epic . ”
After training for 12 years , I ’ve realized the importance of “ small wins ” in a training program .
They ’re so important but often overlooked .
Small , frequent wins help you maintain confidence , motivation , and keep you focused on your running goals .
Not only are these little victories good for your motivation and mental health , but they help you continue improving physically .
If you have several every week , you know you ’re moving forward .
You ’re progressing .
You ’re on the right path to achieving success .
So what is a small win ?
They are simply small successes in your training .
Little confidence boosters that are easy to achieve and help keep your mental outlook positive and motivation high .
Having little victories is absolutely essential if you ’re a beginner runner .
You need to lace up the running shoes and head out the door every day ( or a few times a week ) !
If you constantly feel out of shape , demoralized from tough workouts , or unable to meet your goals then you wo n’t stick with this sport .
We do n’t want that .
I ’m not suggesting running personal records every day , or running longer than you ever have , or averaging the fastest mile pace for your next tempo .
That would just be crazy .
Small wins can be had a few times every week and do n’t take much effort .
And it will help you keep improving for years .
Small Successes for Continued Improvement
So what exactly is a small win ?
Simple : it ’s an achievable victory in your training .
Literally , it ’s something that goes right and makes you feel proud .
If you can create a sense of pride about your workout on most days , then you ’re going to have a lot of success in this sport .
If you do n’t , or think I ’m wrong , email me and I ’ll convince you otherwise .
One of my favorite small wins is finishing my runs faster than I started them .
Also called “ negative splitting ” a run , it ’s easiest when you ’re doing an out - and - back run so you can time each half exactly .
Since it ’s best to start your runs at a slower pace to help you warm up , doing this type of run is n’t that difficult .
Once you ’re warm and ready to roll , closing the last half of your run faster makes you feel strong .
It helps you build endurance for negative - splitting races and learning how to run at a solid pace even when you ’re tired .
In fact , I negative split every single one of my runs .
It makes me feel incredible .
Have you ever run a mini- workout ?
If not , you ’re missing out on a great tool to build strength and speed while saving your body from the abuse of longer workouts .
Mini -workouts are exactly what they sound like : shorter versions of more traditional workouts .
If you ’re feeling tired but still want to attempt a workout , running a mini- tempo or mini-interval session will let you gain fitness without stressing your body to a great degree .
Instead of a 20 minute tempo , try 10 minutes .
Instead of 6x800 m at 5 k pace , run 4x800 m at 10 k pace .
These workouts are not only shorter , but often they ’re less intense .
They will allow you to train for your goal race , recover when you need it , and keep your mental outlook positive even when you ’re tired .
It ’s win-win .
One of the best small wins that you can implement in your training is setting realistic goals .
You might think this is n’t so small or inconsequential ( and you ’re right ) , but it ’s often one of the easiest things to do .
Be realistic !
If you ’re a 21 minute 5 k runner , do n’t try to run 17 minutes the next time you toe the line .
It ai n’t going to happen .
Last week I raced an 8 k road race and set a goal of breaking 26 minutes .
I ’m at fault for not being very realistic and it set me back because I was pissed off for about 5 days afterward .
I raced 27:24 , about a minute and a half slower than my goal .
But it was n’t realistic .
The race started at almost 9 pm ( I ’m a morning person ) .
It was 85 degrees at the start and very humid .
I had not trained specifically for this race .
It was clearly my fault to set such a lofty goal when many things were working against me .
Other small wins can include being more consistent with your strength workouts , doing dynamic warm - ups before every run , or eating a better diet on a daily basis .
Simple improvements do n’t have to take a lot of effort but they will help you make huge strides in your training .
Small Wins = Long - Term Planning
Achieving little victories in your weekly running will make you a better runner .
You ’ll be better prepared mentally to accomplish every workout with vigor and motivation .
If you get excited about accomplishing a great block of training , it ’s vital to plan for small wins .
This type of mindset is really all about incremental improvement .
Do n’t focus on enormous improvements week to week ( or even month to month ) .
Small changes , performed consistently over months , will literally transform you into a faster and stronger runner .
You will also prevent injuries and recover faster if you ’re not pushing yourself too hard every day .
Thinking long - term is the surest path to running success .
Stop obsessing over weekly mileage and think about where you were a month ago or last year .
Do n’t try to run two races in one week ( I ca n’t tell you how many new runners try this …and then get hurt ) .
Running successfully , healthfully , and joyously is a long - term endeavor .
To run well and really enjoy it , you have to think about where you want to be a year from now .
Or five years from now .
Enjoy the slow process of building your running fitness and patiently getting faster , one small workout at a time .
If you enjoyed this article , it would be awesome if you shared it ! 🙂
Photo Credit : iChaz
The Starland Vocal Band was among the many rock bands that ended up being a “ one hit wonder . ”
But their one hit — “ Afternoon Delight ” — not only became a popular song , it also embedded a new phrase into our language .
The single version of the song was released by RCA Records in April 1976 .
It entered the Billboard Top 40 on June 5 , 1976 and reached the official peak of pop music fame , No. 1 on Billboard ’s Hot 100 chart , on July 10 , 1976 .
“ Afternoon Delight ” was written by band member Bill Danoff , a talented songwriter who had previously co-written another big hit with John Denver — “ Take Me Home , Country Roads . ”
The lyrics of the catchy tune make it clear what “ afternoon delight ” is meant to suggest :
“ Gonna find my baby , gonna hold her tight
Gonna grab some afternoon delight
My motto's always been when it ’s right , it ’s right
Why wait until the middle of a cold dark night
When everything ’s a little clearer in the light of day
And you know the night is always gonna be there any way
Sky rockets in flight !
Afternoon delight .
A - a-afternoon delight . ”
The success of the song quickly turned “ afternoon delight ” into a popular sex- related euphemism .
The original meaning , as intended by songwriter Danoff , referred to having sex in the afternoon with one ’s spouse or steady partner .
In the 1980s , “ afternoon delight ” became shorthand for an adulterous lunchtime affair with someone other than a spouse or partner .
As Danoff has explained in interviews , the real origin of the phrase actually had nothing to do with sex .
He got it from Clyde ’s Restaurant in Georgetown ( Washington , D.C. ) , one of his favorite local hangouts in the early 1970s .
Clyde ’s used the phrase as the title of it ’s happy hour menu .
The words stuck in Danoff ’s mind and inspired him to turn it into a term for a different type of daytime pleasure .
If the lyrics of “ Afternoon Delight ” are still somewhere in the back of your mind , click the video link at right and sing along with Will Ferrell and the cast of the movie Anchorman : The Legend of Ron Burgundy ( 2004 ) .
They did a great version of the song …
Comments ?
Corrections ?
Email me or Post them on the Famous Quotations Facebook page .
Passengers in terror as ' furious tycoon clung to helicopter that blew debris over his Land Rover '
Accused : Houshang Jafari leaves Bristol Court yesterday
A wealthy businessman attacked a helicopter in a rage and tried to hang on to it as it took off laden with passengers outside his £ 1 million flat , a court heard yesterday .
Houshang Jafari , 59 , was allegedly angry the private Jet Ranger blew debris over his Land Rover as it landed in the extensive gardens in a converted manor house .
He ' stormed ' towards the chopper and tried to open the pilot 's door before he kicked the aircraft , threw a green bag at the windscreen and held on to the skid bar .
Pilot Mark Blokland and his four passengers feared for their lives after heavily - built Jafari pulled at the helicopter 's undercarriage causing it to pitch to one side .
He allegedly put the pilot and his passengers in ' catastrophic danger ' as the helicopter tried to take off from Dower House in Bristol .
Jafari yesterday denied one count of endangering the safety of an aircraft at Bristol Crown Court .
The court heard Mr Blokland hired the helicopter to take wife Tammy and two friends , who also had a £ 1.2 million flat in Dower House , out for lunch .
James Patrick , prosecuting , said : ' For some reason he was extremely angry , some would say livid .
' He had in his hands a green carrier bag which he then threw towards the helicopter .
If that had gone into the rotor it could have been catastrophic .
' The helicopter could have spun out of control if the carrier bag had gone into the engine .
' Mr Blokland saw Mr Jafari coming towards him , his face twisted with anger .
He kicked at the front of the aircraft and tried the pilot 's door .
The helicopter landed in the grounds of Dower House , Bristol , where Mr Jafari has a £ 1 million flat
' The people in the aircraft were terrified .
He just about had enough rotor speed to take off and so they began to rise .
' To lose control of a helicopter at that stage could be extremely dangerous .
' Mr Jafari was causing the helicopter to tilt to a hugely dangerous angle .
Fortunately Mr Blokland managed to keep control and he took off . '
The court heard Mr Blokland flew the Jet Ranger helicopter to Dower House with his wife Tammy on March 21 , 2009 , to pick up business partner Simon Clarke and his wife Lisa Hale .
Mr Clarke had met other residents of the building to ensure there were no problems with the landing but , the court heard , not everyone had been informed .
The experienced helicopter pilot circled the area twice at 1,000 feet before he landed outside Dower House and kept the rotor blades spinning at ' idle ' speed while the couple boarded .
After collecting his passengers , Mr Blokland saw a man approach the aircraft .
He raised his left hand and shooed him away but the man kept on moving towards the pilot 's hatch .
A jet Ranger helicopter similar to the one which Mr Jafari allegedly attacked during a confrontation near his £ 1 million home
The court heard Mr Blokland could not power the helicopter down , as the blades may have taken the man 's head off .
He allegedly threw a bag at the helicopter , which hit the ' bubble ' or canopy of the aircraft and ' felt like ten tons ' , Mr Blokland said .
Mr Blokland told the court : ' I still clearly remember the male coming towards me .
The face was of no expression and of increasing determination to approach the helicopter .
' I realised the individual was not of a friendly nature and as a pilot I felt threatened .
' He came storming to the helicopter and flung something at the bubble , that 's the canopy .
It felt pretty big - it felt like ten tons .
' The mood was hysterical .
The individual was now clearly extremely aggressive .
He came around the pilot 's side door and I was really scared .
' The blades were nearly at speed - it could have been catastrophic .
He was around at the door , I did n't want to see if he was going to open it .
' I lifted up - it immediately banked aggressively onto the right hand side . '
The passengers of Jet Ranger were ' terrified ' as Jafari allegedly tried to hold on to the right skip bar of the helicopter .
Mr Blokland managed to recover the craft , but had to set it down in a neighbouring field to check his instruments and allow the frightened passengers to calm down and compose themselves before they continued on to their destination .
He later called the Civil Aviation Authority and the police to report the incident and Mr Jafari was arrested .
Mr Blokland , who had five hundred hours of flight time before the incident , told the court that he has not flown any aircraft since that day .
He told the court he haD lost all confidence and that his pilot 's license has subsequently lapsed .
The trial continues .
When you and your family face major changes and transitions , you need a family lawyer with experience and sensitivity – someone who understands your legal concerns and knows how to address them .
Orange County attorney David Schwarz puts his understanding of family law and his years of experience to work for every client he represents .
Mr. Schwarz offers the family law advice and skilled legal representation that clients need to move forward positively with their lives .
If you need answers to any family law questions – whether those questions involve divorce , custody , support , visitation , pre- or post - nuptial agreements , or any other family legal advice – when you contact divorce lawyer David Schwarz , you ’ll have one of the area ’s most experienced family attorneys working on your behalf .
Family law continues to be a rapidly - changing field .
While there are a number of family law firms in Santa Ana and the surrounding areas , David Schwarz works with extra dedication and zeal to stay up - to - date regarding new family laws and family law - related court rulings .
His clients receive sound legal advice and dedicated , aggressive representation .
Experience in criminal defense as well as family law enables David Schwarz to advocate effectively for his clients , particularly in cases that involve domestic violence or the enforcement of court orders .
David Schwarz is the family law attorney that scores of clients in Southern California turn to and trust regarding sensitive and personal family legal issues .
Attorney David Schwarz understands that each family is unique and every situation is different .
If you are divorcing , anticipating a divorce , or dealing with any matter of family law , let an experienced divorce lawyer in Orange County work on your behalf for the legal agreements and resolutions that are in your family ’s best interests .
To learn more about how attorney David Schwarz can help you , complete the contact form on this website or call him promptly at ( 949 ) 735-9266 or toll - free ( 888 ) 768-6901 .
Assault Attorney David Schwarz will create all potential defenses to an assault charge against you .
An assault is an unlawful attempt , coupled with a present ability , to commit a violent injury on the person of another .
An assault differs from a battery in that the final result of physical injury results for that of a battery but not of an assault .
This type of charge also appears with domestic violence charges .
Attorney David Schwarz will explain to the courts that a person must honestly believe that even if their act was not likely to result in a battery they can be guilty of assault .
A reasonable person viewing the facts would conclude it would have been a battery .
Attorney David Schwarz will protect you from any allegations or charges of assault .
Please contact his office .
Child Custody
If you are a parent involved in a child custody dispute , you need help from an experienced family attorney who understands your anxieties and fears .
Call experienced Orange County divorce lawyer David Schwarz as early as possible when a child custody dispute is imminent .
California courts always make a child ’s best interests the top priority , and getting custody of your child is n’t always easy in this state .
California courts presume that joint custody is best after a divorce , but a judge will not hesitate to grant one parent sole custody if the judge is persuaded that sole custody is best for the child .
Family law attorney David Schwarz handles all aspects of child custody disputes including visitation privileges , decision - making rights , modification of custody and visitation orders , and enforcement .
If your custody rights are being threatened , promptly call Attorney David Schwarz .
Child Support Child Support is used to award a parent financial support for caring for their child .
It includes child care expense s that the parent might have while caring for the child .
California uses a computer program that calculates the amount of child support a parent will receive .
There are numerous deduction that can be input into the child support calculation so the income of the parent is accurate .
Child support is not deductible on your taxes to the US Government .
Child support is based on your gross income and not your net earnings .
Child Support and Thwarting the Other Parents Visitation Attorney David Schwarz will assist you in getting compensation or reimbursement from the other parent when the other parent does not care for the child or blocks your visit .
The court may order financial compensation for periods when a parent fails to assume the caretaker responsibility .
In addition , the court can order compensation when the other party thwart your court ordered joint legal or physical custody order .
Attorney David Schwarz will help you get the reasonable expenses incurred for or on behalf of a child .
In addition , an attorney can get you reasonable expenses incurred by a parent from the other parent 's blocking your court ordered visitation or custody time .
Child Tax CreditOrange County divorce attorney David Schwarz will help you correctly claim a child on your tax returns when you go through a divorce .
A spouse is entitled to claim a child of the marriage who is under 17 .
California courts permit along with the IRS a credit of $ 1,000 for each such dependent child who has not reached age 17 by the end of the calendar year .
Attorney will assist you in clarifying on your taxes the difference between taking an exemption verse a tax credit .
Exemptions reduce adjusted gross income in arriving at taxable income and a credit reduces tax payable dollar for dollar thus , a $ 1,000 credit reduces tax liability by $ 1,000 .
Community property Community property is defined as all income spouses earn during marriage .
Once a divorce begins each spouse will share an equal one half share of all assets and debts from the marriage .
All income and earnings prior to getting married will remain your separate property .
If a party chooses to they may gift away their community property share once the divorce begins .
If property is not labeled as community property then it will be labeled as a spouses separate property .
Divorce Divorce is always difficult and almost always complicated .
Advising people in Santa Ana and surrounding cities , divorce attorney David Schwarz represents clients in both contested and uncontested divorces and in high net worth divorce cases .
He often helps divorcing couples negotiate out - of - court agreements and settlements of divorce - related disputes , but he will not hesitate to go to court on your behalf if that ’s what it takes to ensure fair and just treatment .
When you retain a divorce attorney , it must be someone who is sensitive to your concerns – someone you can trust .
It also must be someone – experienced in the equitable division of property and assets – who can make sure that you get to keep what is rightly yours .
When you need a divorce lawyer in Southern California , contact experienced divorce attorney David Schwarz immediately .
At the Law Office of David P Schwarz we have handled many amended divorce petitions .
If the other party has not yet appeared in the notice of the amendment “ may be given ” by mail to his or her last known address , or by personal service … provided the intent to so amend upon satisfaction of the residence requirements was set forth in the initial petition or pleading served on the other party .
On the other hand , where notice of intent to amend to seek dissolution was not given in the initial pleading , the petition is not validly amended as against a party who has not yet appeared in the action unless and until he or she is served with the amended petition in a manner provided for service of summons .
Otherwise , a default judgment granting dissolution will be subject to set - aside on due process grounds as exceeding the scope of relief requested in the original petition for legal separation .
Please contact Attorney David Schwarz to assist you in your divorce .
Defense of Others and Domestic Violence Attorney David Schwarz will protect you against any charges in domestic violence court against charges of assault .
Our Law Office will raise the defense of others self defense .
This defense can be used to dismiss any charges against you .
It occurs when a person has a reasonable , good - faith belief that intervention is necessary in order to prevent harm to another person will provide a defense to a charge of assault and battery .
However , while defense of others may be a valid defense , the defense is not available when the defendant intervenes in the lawful arrest of a third party .
Public policy discourages forceful intervention in an arrest by third party bystanders because , among other things , forceful intervention probably would only exacerbate the situation .
Attorney David Schwarz will help you out any domestic violence charge .
Divorce and Slander Remedies Lawyer David Schwarz will defend you in any action for slander if you published a defamatory statement about your Spouse .
An attorney can help defend you in any action for damages in a civil court for the publication of a libel in news publication .
A plaintiff can only recover special damages .
However , they can correct the publication if a demand is made by the person harmed .
Attorney David Schwarz will serve a written notice specifying the statements claimed to be libelous and demanding that those statements be corrected .
Often a divorce gets very contentious and people make defamatory statements and sometimes they end up on the newspaper .
Please contact our office if you face any false statements about your character .
Domestic Violence
In California , domestic violence is a serious crime , but when it consists mostly of threats and intimidation , domestic abuse can be exceedingly difficult to prove in court .
Nevertheless , if you or your children have been threatened with domestic assault or family violence , or if you are already the victim of domestic violence or spousal abuse , the help you need is available .
When you contact experienced domestic violence attorney David Schwarz , he can immediately file a legal request for a restraining order or help you determine what other appropriate legal action to take .
If you ’re a victim of domestic violence , call today and put experienced domestic violence attorney David Schwarz to work fighting on behalf of you and your children .
At the Law office of David P Schwarz we will protect you against the charge of domestic violence if you were mistaken in your actions .
Persons who commit an act or make a culpable omission but do so in ignorance or mistake of fact are exempt from liability because this disproves the existence of criminal intent .
Thus , a mistake of fact can constitute a valid defense when some mens rea is an essential element of the offense charged .
Mistake of fact may constitute a defense under certain circumstances discussed below even though it is unreasonable .
Orange County domestic violence lawyer can help you .
An act committed or an omission made in ignorance or by reason of a mistake of fact which disproves any criminal intent is not a crime .
Juvenile Dependency Petition Under Welfare and Institutions Code Section 300
An attorney such as David Schwarz who has practiced in Santa Ana and the surrounding areas for many years has enormous experience handling Juvenile dependency petitions .
There are numerous sections under welfare and institutions code which a County Council will allege in attempting to terminate the parental rights of a parent .
Under welfare and institutions code section 300 once the child falls under one of the definitions of the code section they will become a dependent child of the court .
David Schwarz has litigated many cases where the parents are facing termination of their parental rights under section 300 .
Please contact his office for a consultation .
Juvenile Law Nothing is more important than your children .
When you are dealing with the California juvenile court system , a law enforcement agency , or Child Protective Services , you need a trustworthy attorney ’s guidance .
Choose a juvenile lawyer who is skilled and experienced with the California juvenile court system .
Attorney David Schwarz has extensive experience with juvenile crime cases and family court cases in Southern California .
If your child has been accused of criminal behavior , or if you are accused of child endangerment and Child Protective Services has become involved , you will need a skilled advocate to fight for your child and your family .
Juvenile attorney David Schwarz has helped scores of families resolve these kinds of troubling legal situations , and he ’s ready to help your family deal with any juvenile or family law matter .
Do n’t hesitate to make the call .
Power of Attorney Attorney David Schwarz will be able to assist you in drafting a power of attorney .
This will give a party principal authority to be like they were an attorney .
They will be able to act on a person ’s behalf with respect to all areas of that person ’s life .
David Schwarz will guide you through the process .
The party given a power attorney attorney will be granted authority over the person ’s property , personal care , or whatever is written into the power of attorney .
They can make decisions concerning all or part of the principal 's real and personal property .
Please contact Attorney David Schwarz to get your power of attorney drafted today .
Property Division Under Community property laws in California , each party to a divorce should share equally in the division of property that was acquired during the marriage .
An Orange County divorce lawyer can assist you in dividing your community assets equally .
Putative Spouse Doctrine
The putative spouse doctrine is an equitable doctrine that operates to protect parties who entered into an invalid marriage .
Attorney David Schwarz has dealt with many cases whereby the underlying marriage was found to be void or voidable .
David Schwarz will protect your legal rights after you have been found to be an innocent participant in an invalid marriage .
A lawyer who has practiced many years in the family law court system will show the court that a putative marriages exist when there has been no marriage ceremony .
However , sometimes merely living together as husband and wife does not establish the existence of a putative marriage .
That is why you need an experience putative spouse attorney to handle your court case .
The Continuing Jurisdiction to Award Community Property Assets After a Judgment has Been Entered Attorney David Schwarz will provide you quality representation when you need to divide community property assets after a divorce judgment has been finalized .
In a proceeding for dissolution of marriage , for nullity of marriage , or for legal separation of the parties , the court has continuing jurisdiction to award community estate assets or community estate liabilities to the parties that have not been previously adjudicated by a judgment in the proceeding .
A party may file a postjudgment motion in the proceeding in order to obtain relief of any community estate asset or liability omitted or not adjudicated by the judgment .
In these cases , the court shall equally divide the omitted or unadjudicated community estate asset or liability , unless the court finds upon good cause shown that the interests of justice require an unequal division of the asset or liability .
Contact Attorney David Schwarz to assist you in dividing your postjudgment community asset .
Visitation Every parent has a right to “ reasonable visitation ” .
In making a custody order between the parents , the court must also grant the noncustodial parent “ reasonable visitation rights .
Visitation rights will not be granted if it would be “ detrimental to the best interest of the child .
If requested , reasonable visitation to a parent must be ordered temporarily .
If the Court finds that it would be detrimental to award visitation then it will be denied to the noncustodial parent .
There must be “ frequent and continuing contact ” with both parents .
Whats the Difference Between a Dissolution and a Nullity Proceeding Attorney David Schwarz will help you determine whether you should file a dissolution of marriage or a nullity action in family law court .
The first major distinction between the two is the statute of limitations .
Nullity proceedings have a variety of time limitations to file them .
A Dissolution has not time limitation .
Next distinction would be the acquisition of community property .
In filing a Nullity you are trying to terminate any community property rights .
In a dissolution you are trying to equally divide community property .
Please contact Orange County divorce attorney David Schwarz to assist you in making the right choice .
A Republican candidate in Missouri warned Monday that his opponent and the president are blocking the path to salvation .
In an interview on the Gina Loudon radio program , Ed Martin said that President Barack Obama and Rep. Russ Carnahan were keeping people from finding the Lord .
“ We ’re great because we created a place and space where people can be free , ” said Martin .
“ And they can choose Christ , they can choose to be faithful .
They can worship , and they find their way to the Lord . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ And that ’s one of the things that ’s most destructive about the growth of government .
It ’s this taking away that freedom .
The freedom — the ultimate freedom , to find your salvation , to get your salvation , ” he continued .
“ And I think that ’s one of the things that we have to be very , very aware of that the Obama Administration and Congressman Carnahan are doing to us , ” he said .
“ Very well said , ” agreed Loudon .
The liberal blog Fired Up ! Missouri first noticed the interview Monday .
“ This is pure lunacy , and as a person of faith , I find this incredibly offensive and outrageous .
It ’s too insane for a response , really , ” wrote Sean at Fired Up ! Missouri :
ADVERTISEMENT
Martin does n’t explain which policies supported by Obama and Carnahan “ take away all your choices ” to be a Christian or find any other religion , perhaps because there are n’t any .
Maybe it ’s health care reform that keeps people from Jesus ?
Or unemployment benefits ?
Whatever they are , “ we have to be very , very aware ” of them anyway .
Martin ’s remarks echo comments he made about Missouri Secretary of State Robin Carnahan in 2009 .
“ She is very , very devious .
She does — with a , with a clever hand — she does the devil ’s work , ” he said .
This video is from KJSL , uploaded to YouTube July 12 , 2010 .
CLEVELAND --
A fan wearing a Miami Heat jersey of LeBron James drew the ire of the crowd at a Cleveland Indians game and was escorted out of the ballpark .
Fans in the left - field bleachers chanted obscenities and pointed at the man Wednesday night during the sixth inning of the game between the Indians and New York Yankees .
Hundreds of fans joined in before security led the man out of Progressive Field .
As he left , some fans followed him toward the gate with more derisive chants .
Various media reports indicated he was with a female companion , and that fans also threw debris at them .
The man was shown showing off his No. 6 jersey to the crowd as he walked down the steps .
James ' recent departure from the Cleveland Cavaliers to the Heat caused a lot of anger in the city .
Many fans were near the left - field foul pole in hopes of catching the 600th home run ball by Alex Rodriguez .
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report .
I 've always been quite sensitive to certain types of friction .
( I considered writing that sentence 10 different ways , and simply could n't make it less risque than that . )
Advertisement
I 'm going to try to talk about why my friction - sensitivity makes me feel like I could probably direct a hit videogame .
Or , at the very least , a good videogame .
First , however , I 'll start with a seemingly - unrelated anecdote that will make me seem like less of a jerk than someone else .
You 're free to consider that it never really happened : I sat down at a table across from Dead or Alive / Ninja Gaiden director Tomonobu Itagaki at E3 one year .
I slid him my business card , and I told him what I do .
" It says you live in Tokyo , " he noted .
" What are you doing here in Los Angeles ? " I told him I was here for work .
He pointed at me : " Go back to Japan right now . "
I asked him why I should go back to Japan .
He said I should go back to Japan because " The women here do n't respect men enough . "
I told him I had work to do .
He pressed his original point : " Go to the airport , tell them you want to change your flight , and get back to Japan . "
I insisted that I had work to do .
He snapped his fingers , and pointed right at my nose .
" I admire a man 's devotion to his job . "
Advertisement
He removed a business card case from his pocket and gave me one of his business cards .
" Feel free to contact me when you 're in Tokyo . "
I could tell that this guy was n't real — he was only trying to say something that I would report to someone else .
I guess that 's what the director of a game does — in addition to , you know , actually directing a game .
He builds character and mystique .
He gets people interested .
You know what they say — marketing is ideally something you 're thinking about from the planning phase of a product .
It 's all connected .
Well , I know Itagaki is n't and was n't real .
He was just a smart guy adeptly filling the gaping gap marked " Huge Jerkoff Japanese Game Director . "
He was waving a banner , and making a name for himself because of it .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
I never failed to have a conversation with Itagaki at every trade show or convention that did n't spiral near - immediately into some bizarre direction , eventually touching either directly or indirectly on sexual harassment or homosexuality .
Itagaki was a real button - presser .
Now , apparently , he tells interviewers what he thinks of fighter jets , or whatever .
Anyway , once I established myself as a Genuine Japanese Video Game Industry Professional , Itagaki stopped being so weird with me .
One time — at Tokyo Game
Show the year Ninja Gaiden 2 was demoed for the Xbox 360 — I chanced upon Itagaki sitting alone in an armchair in the lobby of a hotel .
His head was tilted back .
I 'll admit I stopped to look at him for a moment .
Was he asleep ?
Part of the thing about dark sunglasses is that people can't tell if you 're asleep , when you sit with your head tilted back in an armchair in a hotel lobby .
He must not have been asleep , because the instant I turned away , he snapped his fingers at me .
He called me over : " Hey. You . "
I walked over .
" What 's up , Tomonobu Itagaki ? "
I said , my politeness half - joking .
" This is the mayor talking , " he said .
( Okay , he did n't really say that .
Let 's pretend he did . )
" Yeah ? "
" Listen to me . "
" Okay . "
" You need to start playing pachinko .
You need to play it every day .
You need to start playing pachinko as soon as possible if you want to learn the truth about yourself . "
Advertisement
" . . .
That 's it ? "
" That 's it . "
" I got it .
I 'm gone . "
And I was gone .
Later that night , at an Important Social Function , Tomonobu Itagaki had a beer in one hand , and he touched my hair without asking permission .
We then talked at some medium length about shampoo .
Advertisement
I 'll admit , when it 's clean and not an unruly length , my hair has a fantastic texture .
Facts
I know about Tomonobu Itagaki : he graduated from law school , and he worked as a game designer on Tecmo Bowl .
Advertisement
What do these two things have to do with one another ?
Maybe nothing .
Though I will say this : Dead or Alive , a game I loathe , and Ninja Gaiden , a game I can sort of get behind , have jaw - dropping , fantastic , insane , meticulous , obsessive attention to detail when it comes to the weight , friction , and existence - sense of its characters .
It 's hard to articulate — so hard to articulate that I do n't think I 've ever seen a games journalist try , aside from saying " the character feels good " or " the controls are spot -on . "
It 's more than that .
It 's so much more than that I had to use a rough English translation ( " existence - sense " ) of a Japanese phrase ( " sonzaikan " ) usually reserved for describing the presence of a street mime or classical musician .
Maybe you could just translate that phrase as " presence " and it would n't sound so silly .
I do n't think " presence " covers it .
It 's more urgent than presence .
It 's presence , plus a little bit of friction .
Ryu Hayabusa in Ninja Gaiden feels like his feet weigh more than his torso .
Of course , this is n't natural — our feet do n't weigh nearly as much as our torsos .
However , if they did , and we were still able to walk !
Wow !
How empowering would that feel ?
If our feet weighed sixty pounds each , and we were able to jump ten feet straight in the air , or run along a wall , or richochet off one wall in the direction of another , it'd be a real ecstatic kind of living electricity .
I 'm nearly at a loss for words at describing this feeling .
I do n't particularly like the Ninja Gaiden games — the boss battles are a bit shit and I really wish they would n't try to shoehorn puzzles or little thinking exercises in there .
However , I must say that I enjoy the feeling and electric life - friction of the character so much that I really do want to just spend an indefinite amount of time , you know , just standing in the middle of a dark room killing endless drones .
Maybe they could contextify it by saying I 've been taken prisoner and I 'm in a death arena from which there is no escape , and they 're executing me by throwing all their best ninjas in there with me , and they 've got literally millions of ninjas .
I 've always wanted to see a game at least do that with the " final boss " scenario .
Maybe I 'm obsessed with this whole " endless game with cinematic context " thing .
Advertisement
What I want to say , though , is that you just can't compare the running , jumping , wall - running , and wall - jumping of games like Prince of Persia or Splinter Cell to Itagaki 's Ninja Gaiden .
It 'd be like comparing a Whopper to a filet mignon .
( Not that I 've ever eaten a filet mignon .
( I 'm a vegetarian , as I 'm sure you remember .
( Aside : my previous comments on vegetarianism in my column re : Japan got me more hate mail than anything I have ever written .
What the hell , people . ) ) )
Actually , no , that 's a terrible analogy .
( I feel stupid for having wasted a triple - parenthetical aside on an analogy I immediately realize was terrible . )
Because there are people who would actually prefer a Whopper to a filet mignon .
Some people , even if they became mega- billionaires , would continue eating Whoppers , because they crave the lowness , the dirtiness , the grit of a Whopper — or a Big Mac ( trying to not show bias toward either McDonald 's or Burger King ( I have n't eaten anything from either in well over a decade ) ) .
I reckon that , maybe , we do n't have enough games that are actually five - course meals to start calling any element of those games anything more than a hamburger by itself .
It 's like , maybe the character and the combat in Ninja Gaiden is a Big Mac ( or a Whopper ) , the story and cut - scenes are an ice - cold ( unhealthy , purposeless , unfulfilling ) paper cup of Coca - Cola , and everything surrounding individual battles and cut - scenes does n't even have the dignity to be a tasty order of ( deadly ) fries .
Oh , wait !
I thought of a better analogy ( after asking a chat - friend what 's a universally - agreed - upon better fast - food burger than the Whopper , and receiving the answer " An In and Out Burger " ) : Prince of Persia 's character - friction is like a Taco Bell burrito , and Ninja Gaiden 's is like a Chipotle burrito : if they were the same price ( let 's say free ) and located equidistant from your current location , and you would rather eat the Taco Bell burrito , hey , it 's a matter of opinion , though man , there 's probably something wrong with you mentally , as far as I 'm concerned .
Advertisement
So this is going to be tricky : I 'm directing a videogame over here , right ?
I 've been designing and consulting and marketing games for a good couple of years now , though always for other people .
Sometime in the past two years , I got it in my head that I could probably do a better job directing a game than any of the ( otherwise nice , friendly , polite , not - unintelligent ) dudes I have worked with in the past .
My major frustration when working as a game designer under another director has always been the director 's unflinching inability to give a shit about sticky friction .
" Sticktion " , we could call it , if we needed to make a buzzword out of it and we only had three seconds before the Guys Upstairs forced us to pull the trigger .
You will sit in meetings with these guys , and they will talk about how their game needs to sell so - and - so - many copies or the shit is going to hit the fan , or it needs to make such - and - such - an - amount of money or the piss is going to collide with the air - conditioner , or it needs to make precisely - this - sized a marketing campaign or the vomit is going to slam into the thermostat .
They will never talk about sticky friction .
What the hell is wrong with these people ?
The sticky friction is the only thing that matters !
You fools !
Usually , at this point , if it's one of the meetings where I 'm required to do pushups in the middle of the boardroom table from start to finish to help the old guys think , I 'm suddenly standing in the middle of the table , and I 've got my trousers a quarter of the way down and I can see the unemployment line flashing before my eyes .
Advertisement
As a game designer , I started my career by gently owning up to my delicate understanding of sticky friction .
In my game design documents , I would always input a brief sentence after the outline description of such - and - such game mechanic , like , " When this stronger attack collides with the enemy , the on - screen action just - barely - perceptibly pauses for maybe fifty milliseconds . "
Someone called this " attention to detail " ; someone else said it made me a " genius " to be able to write these things in at the planning phases .
" Usually , it 's when a game is mostly finished that some Experienced Director swoops in and says , ' Hey , make the action freeze for an instant there ; it'd be more satisfying . "
Eventually , here in Japan Land , a couple guys in a section asked that I kindly knock it off , because we 're not supposed to do the director 's work for him .
I guess that 's when I started getting largely ignored .
Wow , yeah , man , on company time , I sure typed up a lot of " Sticky Friction Documents " ( SFDs ) .
I got the hell paid to do it , too .
I started saying these — quite frankly — fucking insane things in the middle of meetings .
I guess I never got promoted to the level of Executive Helicopter Passenger , which does n't mean I was unsuccessful so much as it meant everyone else had trouble acknowledging a good idea just because it was standing in the middle of a swamp of scary , obsessive shit .
This is why I started my own company !
This is why I 'm the boss !
This is also why I might have spent about 85 % of my life savings so far this year .
Oh god , if I 'm wrong , I 'm going to be so pissed .
Advertisement
At meetings , the Old Dudes were always putting their elbows on the table and their heads on their palms and sighing , and saying , How the hell do we make a game that sells as much as Mario , or Zelda ?
How do we establish a brand that strong ?
And I would jump up and exclaim , " Sticky friction ! "
They would tell me to fuck myself — which in Japanese requires abut 72 seconds of continuous polite speech , with four distinct , curt bows .
They really , really do n't understand .
The Sticky Friction is everything .
That 's why people played Mario .
If you asked a space alien from the future to play Super Mario Bros. , and then play any of the other side - scrolling platform games of that era , and then report back to you with one sentence on what he perceived as the major difference between the two , he would speak gibberish into his auto - translator , and it would output a little piece of ticker - tape with the words " STICKY FRICTION " printed on it .
It is the inertia of Mario 's run that endeared him to us .
It did n't have anything to do with brand strength or graphic design .
Those things were secondary .
It was all about the inertia , the acceleration , the to - a - halt - screeching when you change direction .
You can feel the weight of the character .
People never put these feelings into words when talking about games , though they really , really are everything .
Friction is n't just in game control — like marketing and game design , friction is subconsciously integrated at the concept level .
If it 's not integrated at the concept level , your game is going to suck .
Level design requires friction as well .
There 's finger friction and there 's brain friction .
A perfect example of a game with absolutely no brain - friction is Dead Space .
There 's this part where you 're walking down a long corridor , and — oh , I guess I should be more specific .
There 's this big outdoor corridor , atop the space station .
I do n't know what the exact problem is , though for maybe the fifteenth time , the Other Guys trapped in this death - turgid space vessel need you to go do something that they can't do themselves .
I think it 's asteroids approaching the ship , and the automatic anti-asteroid cannons are n't working , so you need to operate them manually — by playing a nice little asteroid - shooting mini-game .
So in order to get to the cannon , you have to walk across this big walkway .
Except you can't just walk — you have to walk strategically .
Every few seconds a great rushing sound occurs , followed by a bitching Space Wind .
When the Space Wind comes , you have to be ducking behind a wall - thing , or you will be blown right the hell off the side of spaceship .
So you hear the sound , you predict the wind — to make it so that you can , possibly , play the whole game without dying , of course you have a guy chewing your ear off from before the very first instance of Space Wind , telling you to take cover — and you get behind cover .
Then this wind is just blowing over you , and you 're sitting there waiting .
You get bored for a few seconds .
This is the way the game decides to " challenge " you — by making you feel a little bit bored .
The biggest " challenge " in this segment is to not be so bored that you stand up before the wind stops blowing , thinking you can chance it .
If you stand up , you are so fucking dead .
What kind of real - world life - lesson can I even compare something like this to ?
I 'm not even going to try to think of an analogy .
I 'd only say something sensational .
Advertisement
What I am saying is that there are too many games , these days , about looking for parking spaces , and not enough games about driving a damn car .
I 'm talking about Dead Space and Super Mario Galaxy both , here .
My god , Super Mario Galaxy has maybe a hundred distinct instances of forcing you to stand still and wait upward of thirty seconds for a platform to show up .
These games really need to get a twiddle - your - thumbs button already .
Have you ever actually seen someone sincerely twiddling their thumbs ?
I saw a guy doing it on the train the other day .
He was old , Frankenstein - haired , catcher 's - mitt - faced , suit - wearing , tongue - clicking , youth - hating .
The train was stopped in a tunnel , waiting for a light to change , and there he was , twiddling his thumbs .
It was infuriating to see him do that .
What a pretentious thing to do .
I mean , who really does that ?
He was tapping his toes and chewing gum , too .
Look , pal , we 're all upset about the train not moving ; we do n't need to tell each other that .
It had only been stopped one minute before it started moving again , anyway .
It was n't a big deal .
The man was probably having an affair with a woman he paid in Louis Vuitton goods , and also on a tight schedule .
Advertisement
What I 'm saying is , games make me feel like that guy must have felt , sometimes .
I do terrible inane things in games — spinning the camera , running the character around in tight circles , et cetera — while waiting for the game to let me play it .
I should n't have to .
I talked with some game designer friends about Dead Space , once — they all thought it was brilliant .
I mentioned the Wind Scene and they told me they did n't see what the problem was with it .
I mentioned the Berserk game by Sammy , for the PlayStation 2 , how there was a scene where a strong wind was blowing and a swarm of dozens of enemies were charging toward you ; if you stopped to block an enemy attack , the wind would force you back much more quickly than it would force you back if you just kept running .
It was infuriating and glorious .
I riffed on that for a bit , saying it would be cool if you had a sword and a shield , and holding up the shield could make you aerodynamic ; if you let the shield down to slash at some dudes , you 'd all just be flailing and blowing backward in the wind .
One guy was literally like , " I fail to see how that would be better than the wind part in Dead Space . "
Well , that guy is n't famous — at all .
And look !
I have a column on Kotaku , so I 'm probably right !
What I am saying is that people do n't really " get " sticky friction .
This is the same as , say , people not getting why one curry shop is better than another .
" Curry is curry , " some people say .
In the case of my aspiring game - designer - friends , one of them said that games do n't need such attention to detail , because gamers see the Bigger Picture — the character design , the graphics , the sound , the story , the marketing , the game gimmicks .
I say to hell with that .
That 's why I want to make a game that 's just Friction And You .
A gelatinous blob of neon - green game mechanic , left to jiggle on a silver platter for eternity .
I know I 'm right !
At least , I have to pretend I do , or else I 'd be calling myself a jackass for spending All That Money .
Advertisement
Like , did I ever tell you about the discussion I had with this Professional Game Developer about the on-screen combo-counter in Ninja Gaiden 2 ?
This guy was the kind of person to play " Dungeons and Dragons " in his own basement , alone , acting out all the roles because even his friends did n't want to risk being alone with him ( now watch me sidestep the task of describing myself ) .
I said that they did n't need to leave the combo numbers there on the screen : Ninja Gaiden 2 is so deliciously frictive that you feel a rush of chaos and mystery just being there in the world and watching all that blood spurt and spray out , watching your dude 's feet kick and bounce off limbs .
" Players like visual feedback , " this guy said .
Why can't the balletic animation choreography and the spurting blood be the " feedback " ?
" Players like to see numbers . "
I 'm a player !
I do n't like to see numbers !
At the very least , save the numbers for the end of the combo .
Do n't have them cluttering up the screen .
You know , it 's taken Konami until Winning Eleven 2011 — which could alternately be called Winning Eleven 14 — to make the pass power gauge display beneath the player and not at the bottom of the screen .
It 's taken them since literally 1995 to realize that players ' moving their heads to see other parts of the screen might be impinging on the overall game experience .
Sometimes , just because something works does n't mean every element is equally successful for its success , et cetera .
I explain this to this guy , and he goes , " Players like visual feedback .
They like numbers . "
This is where I tell him I hope he chokes on a piece of white bread — that 's a reference to how I think he looks like a goose .
He does n't get the reference .
After the fact , I think of a perfect explanation : I always run farther when I 'm not timing myself .
I put a towel over the display on the treadmill and just run , blind to the distance or time .
If I do n't do that , I go , " Oh , forty - five minutes , that 's what I usually do , I can stop there " .
Maybe not everyone is like me , though I doubt I 'm 100 % unique , either .
You want to know something , though ?
Communicating what you mean when you say " Make it more frictive ! " is really , really difficult .
Even the most genius programmer ( I am lucky to employ the Most Genius programmer ) does n't always see what you 're saying .
" All we 're doing is making an Unreal Tournament mod , man , " Bob says , opening up the " nothing new under the sun " philosophical debate .
I hate that debate .
" The more deeply I delve into Unreal , the more I realize all we 're doing is just modding Unreal Tournament . "
I tell him about the friction — how our game will include friction that Unreal Tournament does not , and he looks at me like I 've had too much coffee , and so has he — and I have !
And so has he !
Advertisement
A BRIEF HISTORY OF MY HISTORY WITH FRICTION
I can recall two incidents — things would be a better way to put it , maybe — that just about perfectly capture how friction feels about me .
The first would be the fact that I absolutely cannot eat ice cream with a metal spoon .
I actually have n't eaten ice cream in many years because I have the worst metabolism on earth — my body would rather digest my god damn forearm muscles when I go six hours without eating than burn any of the fat on my lower back .
Apparently this situation is n't so uncommon — Billy Bob Thornton played a character in the film " Monster 's Ball " who had the same problem .
I might be a bit worse than Billy Bob , though : I also can't eat salad with a fork .
I have to use chopsticks .
That 's just how it 's always been .
The prospect of a metal fork chilled by the touch of lettuce , or the prospect of a metal fork scraping terribly against porcelain or glass , or the prospect of a plastic fork bending when unable to penetrate a leaf or tomato slice , sends shivers up and then down my spine .
I just ca n't do it .
It 's chopsticks or nothing .
I also require chopsticks for eating pasta .
I eat soup or oats with plastic spoons and nearly everything else with chopsticks .
Is that weird ?
I can feel tangible sensations in my forearms and wrists when about to eat anything with a metal fork .
Do you know anyone who chomps right down violently on the fork with every bite of salad ?
That 's some traumatizing shit , right there .
I am convinced that these people are literally psychopaths , to a point where I habitually ignore dinner invitations from them , unless I know the restaurant is near - unbearably loud .
Advertisement
The other element of my personal friction habits actually has something to do with videogames .
Just the other day , I took Tomonobu Itagaki 's advice , and played pachinko for the first time .
By god , it was awful .
Do you know there 's actually a monthly magazine devoted to just the Evangelion pachinko machine experience ?
That 's some sick shit , right there .
One of the reasons Evangelion pachinko was " popular " with a " wider audience " is that they got the original animators to animate some original , new footage to play on the little TV screen in the middle of the pachinko machine .
When you see such - and - such a clip , you know that a certain mechanism is moving , or that a certain trapdoor has opened .
That 's terrifying .
If you 're a fan of the anime and want to see the brand - new footage that you can see exclusively on this machine , you have to be looking in the middle of the machine , and not at , you know , the parts that matter — the pegs or the balls or the pinwheels or the whatevers , the parts that determine whether you win or lose money .
Then there are the slots : sometimes , during the game , slot reels appear on the TV screen .
This is basically the computer deciding if it wants you to have a nice time or not .
This is how video - games have evolved .
Originally , pachinko was a radical , more challenging form of pinball .
It gobbled up change , because it was fun .
Then someone decided that it was so difficult , and most people sucked so much at it , that they might as well start offering prizes for it .
So they did that .
They awarded people prizes like cigarettes .
Eventually , cigarettes were n't good enough .
Not everyone smoked — contrary to what you 'd believe walking into a pachinko parlor .
They started offering cash prizes — well , medals that could then be sold at a " pawn shop " down the street that dealt exclusively in medals won from one particular pachinko parlor .
This means people had incentive to learn how to play better , which means that the pachinko manufacturers had incentive to learn how to make the games harder .
Flash forward to The Now , and they 're trying to hook newcomers by offering them a few seconds of footage of some god awful cartoon .
What did Itagaki mean when he said pachinko would help me realize the truth about myself ?
A pachinko parlor is home to maple - syrup - thick tobacco smoke and the rock - concert volume clacking of thousands of little silver balls against plastic or metal pegs ; to make matters worse , there 's the jet - engine - volume thirty - seconds tracks of hideous electronic music playing on a tight loop .
You sit in a stool with your face inches from the plexiglas veneer of the machine , twisting a plastic wheel which controls the flow of the balls .
I played pachinko for three minutes — that 's enough to waste 1,000 yen .
Maybe this was a Fun Game long ago .
It certainly has the addictive tactile friction .
What it lacks is the mental snap .
It 's just all limp — the computer deciding when it wants you to think you 've just won or lost big at a slot machine has terrifying ramifications for the future of entertainment .
Maybe Itagaki wanted me to take in the bullshit .
Maybe he was just being a jerk .
Advertisement
What happened was I remembered probably my first ever deep appreciation of video - friction .
Before I can mention it , I have to mention another one : in Sonic Adventure , for the Dreamcast , there 's a part where Sonic the Hedgehog is shot into a pinball machine .
You control the flippers with the trigger buttons .
The triggers are analog .
You hold the trigger down all the way , and it extends the flipper all the way up .
Wow — real pinball machines are n't like this .
They 're more like power steering .
You press the button , and the flipper pops up .
You let go , it snaps back down .
So with the analog pinball in Sonic Adventure , you can control the speed with which you fling the ball .
I really loved the way that felt .
At the time , I was dating — more like living with — a girl who played the violin .
I had logged maybe thirty - five seconds into trying to learn how to play the guitar at this time .
It blew my mind when she told me that , on a violin , you can actually play dissonant notes if you do n't press the string down precisely far enough .
On a guitar , you just fret a string and that 's it — on or off , one or zero .
Way back in my childhood , I had played a lot of pinball — and here it is : my first - ever time playing pinball , standing on a crate of some kind , I suppose .
I pressed a button , activated a flipper .
I batted the ball around a few times .
I did n't exactly set the table on fire , though I did alright .
I lost a ball , and the machine made some great big electronic sound , and I felt appropriately shameful .
Before pulling the plunger to launch another ball , I held my finger down on the left flipper button .
The flipper flipped up , and stopped .
I just held it there in place .
I launched the ball .
Eventually , the ball rolled down in the direction of the left flipper , and settled gingerly right there in the elbow .
Time froze for a second .
A million possibilities for future obsessive - compulsion rushed into my brain , just then .
It had been like I 'd just seen all of creation , and creation was very meticulous and difficult to articulate .
Meanwhile , there was the sticky friction right in front of me , its real - life presence manifesting itself as some just - barely - inaudible in - brain sound .
Before me , the unending vortex of alpha and omega frictions expanded .
Advertisement
So here I am , maybe twenty - five years after that fateful pinball table , socially half - broken by my never - quenched thirst for sticky friction .
I do n't even know how to articulate what I mean when I say to my team , " Our game will be good , because it 's going to have friction . "
Or , " None of the game directors I ever worked for knew their friction .
A guy would be like , ' Sir , what do you think of the main character 's attack ? ' and he would be like , ' Man , I do n't know , whatever — oh , he swings the weapon and it hits the enemy and the enemy dies — that 's good enough .
Get to work on the optional sidequests . '
Trust me — I know friction .
Our game 's friction will be astounding . "
Then Bob says , " It 's just an Unreal Tournament mod with 3D Genesis - like graphics , " and I say , " It 'll have friction !
The friction is all that matters ! "
And he goes , " Whatever , man . "
We 're at a point right now where the guy I asked to do character art said , via email , " I would have 100 % more confidence in this or any of your other projects if you 'd show me some kind of work - in - progress screenshots , evidence the project exists , or , like , anything ! "
I 've told him that his character art is necessary to determining the overall art style for the game , and that if he wants to see screenshots or evidence , all we 're going to be able to show him is an Unreal Engine level that does n't look like much of anything .
Maybe that 'd be enough ?
Do people think that making a simple level in Unreal is some kind of black magic ?
I guess they do .
I personally learned how to do it in less than a work day .
I guess non -game - developer people are as amazed by a simple level as actual - game - developer people are satisfied by a frictionless Unreal Tournament mod .
Well , I 'm all about the friction .
What does that mean ?
I should try to compose some sort of list of the kinds of frictions I find most satisfying , make it like a glossary of friction .
A " Frictionary " , if you will .
Advertisement
THE FRICTIONARY ( a dictionary of videofrictions ) ( ( not in alphabetical order ) )
In game reviews on Action Button Dot Net , I often use specific terms to describe types of videofriction .
I get emails nearly every day asking why I use specific words .
The one that gets the most email is the word " crunch . "
I talk about games having crunch or not having crunch , about games being crunchy or not being crunchy .
Then I get a thousand emails asking me what crunchy means , in the context of a game .
I 've always thought it 's fairly obvious .
No one ever asks about " sticky , " and I use that one a lot .
I use " chunky " a lot , too .
Lately , I 've noticed — and / or been notified by readers — other games journalists using the word " crunch " to describe action in a game .
So maybe I 'm being influential , or maybe it 's just one of those things — you know , like how your friend says he 's seen the movie " King Kong , " and then you 're watching the Peter Jackson remake and he 's like , " What the hell ?
They put dinosaurs into ' King Kong ' ? "
Advertisement
Anyway , I guess these are the kinds of words I should try to define .
I 'll try to not be as creepy as old dudes on guitar tone forums when they use words like " creamy " or " buttery . "
Or maybe I 'll try to be creepier !!
Crunch is when things collide , hold there for an instant , and then , in that instant of holding , a " winner " is determined , and it is that winner who proceeds beyond the loser .
The best instance of crunch I can think of would be — well , real - life American football , or sumo wrestling .
Or , if you 're more philosophically minded , weightlifting .
The bench press in particular is a crunchy movement .
Your entire upper body girds up as gravity carries the weight downward .
Then comes the crucial instant — fear of death ( " injury " ) sets in , and your chest muscles react to crunch together , keeping the weight from crushing you .
The motion of the weight is reversed : it 's on its way back up .
Sumo wrestling is more interesting , because it 's like trying to bench - press someone who 's trying to bench - press you .
Advertisement
My favorite instance of " crunch " in any game I can recall is The Creative Assembly 's Spartan : Total Warrior .
Creative Assembly are known for their strategy games , though they put about as much care into fine - tuning the friction of Spartan as they put into crunching the numbers in any of the Total War games .
You can feel the friction early on in the game , as your character , part of a wall of stampeding warriors , runs toward another wall of warriors .
The walls of warriors clash and crunch together .
Maybe you 've put your shield up at this point .
You can feel the force of the tackle as communicated by animations , sounds , and controller vibrations .
If you press the attack button while your shield is up , your Spartan warrior bashes the enemy in front of him .
The enemy does n't immediately fall over or tumble backward .
He snaps in one direction , and then back in the other .
During this brief snap , he is vulnerable to a direct attack .
So you just let the bastard have it .
Your weapon swings back , and collides with his body just as he swings toward you .
The timing of the friction is impeccable .
You can feel bones cracking .
That 's crunch .
Compare that to
Advertisement
Swish is when you press a button and something enormous and possibly impressive happens what feels , momentarily , beyond your control .
In basketball , dudes use the word " swish " to refer to the sound of a basketball flopping down through a hoop without touching the rim .
The net makes a " swish " sound as the ball passes through it .
It 's impressive as hell .
It 's a hard feat to pull off repeatedly , on purpose .
A good shot will feel like you have some psychic connection with the downward arc of the ball , like you 're commanding it to swing down like an axe and virtually teleport to a point in space just beneath the net .
Some games expect you wish that every single button press is the non-basketball equivalent of a swish .
They expect you to be the kind of person to want to see something fantastic every time you press a button .
They figure that , because you 're the kind of person to be willingly entering an imaginary world , you obviously want it to be easy .
They think that because you 're involving yourself in something that is n't real , you must have some dislike of the real world , and you need an ego massage .
So you get games like Dynasty Warriors , where you press the square button and your guy twirls around like a ballerina , swinging and swishing his spear through the air , knocking over and killing a dozen dudes at a time .
It 's frictionless — and therefore lifeless , for friction is life .
It 's like if you made a Diablo knock - off with ten times as many enemies , where all you had to do was glide the mouse cursor over them to kill them .
Bad swishing is what we call Soupy friction .
That 's bad swishing .
Games should n't be soupy — they should be Chunky .
We can talk about chunky in a minute .
Good swishing is like in Space Invaders .
Space Invaders is a swish buffet .
Space Invaders is less about pointing , shooting , and immediately killing and more about savoring the disconnect between your pistol and the enemy 's body - sized bullet receptacle .
It 's less about knowing where the enemy is right now ( duh : you can see him ) and more about knowing where he 's going to be following the length of time it takes a bullet to exit your gun and reach his vertical location .
You 've probably felt this friction before :
You kill all of the invaders on the bottom rows , and now you 've got just one left .
He 's moving fast !
You killed all of his friends just quickly enough so that he 's still pretty high up on the screen .
You do n't even take a deep breath .
Maybe you give a little sneer .
You move your guy a little to the left .
No , that 's too far .
You move back a little bit to the right .
Yeah , that 's perfect .
You fire .
The bullet sails .
You watch it .
The enemy continues his set path , moving just in front of the bullet as the bullet collides with him .
Hell of yeah .
Advertisement
That 's a good swish .
Another good swish is scoring a headshot with a pistol in Gears of War .
It 's mainly because you can see the bullet traveling through the air .
People love being able to see the bullet .
You shoot at an enemy as he 's starting to reload , and before he can duck behind cover to finish his reload , the bullet collides with his head .
Holy hell — that is a good friction .
It 's a swish followed by a pop .
The pop is fantastic .
Advertisement
A similar , though not as sticky , swish is when you throw a fireball at a downed opponent in Street Fighter II , III , or IV , and they get up just in time to accept the fireball with the whole front of their body .
We used to call this the " Stand Up And Die , " sometimes with a comma and the word " fool " or " punk " appended to the end .
Chunky friction , on the one hand , is n't soupy ; rather than feel like you 're floating downstream , you feel like you 're swimming up a river , or possibly — depending on the game — up Niagara Falls .
Chunky games do n't flow freely .
Have you ever played Sonic Rush on the Nintendo DS ?
That 's a game with no chunk .
You can just hold right on the D - pad and your guy just goes forever .
Chunky games are games where you have to fight for your right to keep moving to the right .
Castlevania used to be the master of chunk .
In the beginning it was more chug than chunk .
The first few Castlevania games were pumpy with a dash of occasional chunk , your guy just locomoting forward .
Look at Dracula X : Rondo of Blood on the PC Engine ( or remade for PSP ) , though , and you 'll see some terrifying , epic chunk .
Every minor enemy you encounter requires a level of emotional investment that you just do n't get from most modern action games .
In Rondo of Blood , you find yourself against an axe knight early in the game .
Your hero , Richter Belmont , is equipped with a whip and the abilities to whip high , whip low , walk forward , walk backward , jump , or crouch .
That 's all you get .
And it 's beautiful .
Axe knights can throw axes at your head or at your feet .
You can duck under the axes he throws at your head .
You can jump over the axes he throws at your feet .
Or you can whip either height of axe .
You can stand and whip the high axes .
You can duck and whip the low axes .
Man , you can do whatever you want .
It 's have it your way , baby .
The enemy can move forward or backward .
The enemy wo n't ever turn his back on you .
You can turn your back on him .
If you do that , though , and then you want to turn around and whip , it 'll take thirty milliseconds longer to land .
What you want to do is hold the whip button down while you walk .
This lets you walk backward and the enemy dances forward with you .
A real expert whips all axes , moves forward when the enemy moves backward , moves backward when the enemy moves forward , and whips the enemy in the face at any opportunity .
Fighting this first axe knight puts the player into a mode — Chunk Mode .
He 's ready to accept that each challenge is going to involve a seamless 50/50 blend of patience and the willingness to whip those monster freak - bastards in the face whenever he 's not busy keeping himself alive .
Advertisement
Other games with high chunk levels include the entire Ghosts and Goblins series , Bionic Commando , Gears of War , and hey , even Halo — any game where you have to fight hard to gain ground to move forward .
Ninja Gaiden and Devil May
Cry are interesting in that they contain chunk within the context of single contests .
You can feel the chunk as the character merely turns around , away from one stunned enemy , to risk the chance of stunning another , to save himself a nick of damage in the long run .
God Hand is fantastic for moment - to - moment chunk .
That the right analog stick is devoted to dodging in multiple directions is proof of the game 's affinity for friction .
You spar , and dance , back and forth , with every single enemy grunt .
God Hand actually comes closer than probably any game ever to touching on Rondo of Blood 's precise , charming level of chunk .
Chunk is ideally an intimate experience : in Rondo of Blood , every other medium - important enemy encounter feels like you 're dancing a sweet tango with the monster .
And with that ass - kicking soundtrack .
Man , that shit is chunky as hell .
You try and tell me that tangoing with those monsters is less rewarding than pressing buttons on time in Guitar Hero , and I 'll recommend you a good lawyer .
Sticky friction is the one I keep talking about .
I should probably explain it already .
It 's maybe the most important type of friction .
You know the God of War games ?
That 's all they 've got — sticky friction .
The character is ugly — I guess some people are just really good at pretending to like him — and the story is kind of silly sub - C - movie kind of stuff .
The game is about maiming the shit out of dudes with your inexplicable weapons .
I mean , the guy has chains tied around his body , right ?
How did that happen ?
I guess that 's part of the story .
Okay , though , like , how did that happen in the planning phase of the game ?
Was some writer literally like , " See , the weapons are tied to his body — like , maybe he does n't want to fight though he's , like , a prisoner inside his own web of knives .
Like , he is chained to his weapons meaning he will be a prisoner to the concept of war for as long as he lives ! "
Or maybe some marketing guy was like , " Kids like chains " .
Either way , your dude has blades on chains .
Every time you hit an enemy , there 's this little pause .
The action freezes for maybe thirty - two - point - five milliseconds before immediately reverting to the action - in - progress ( all these millisecond times are more or less accurate , by the way ( I have a guitar delay effect pedal with a freely adjustable delay time and a digital display ) .
Advertisement
The point of sticky friction is that it lets the player savor the maybe - massive weight of what he just did .
In the upper difficulties of a game like God of War , where the enemies can be some seriously tough mofos , any hit scored is a trophy - worthy achievement .
You need to let the player feel it — then you need to let him do it again , and again , and again .
Advertisement
Here 's a game I hate to give credit , because the game is actually pretty terrible : Star Fox Adventures .
Rare are pretty bad at most everything when it comes to making games , though hell if they do n't squeeze out a brilliant friction every now and then .
Star Fox Adventures has horrid level design , and it's kind of like a Zelda game because you get items to do stuff , though the context is just so vacuous .
You get a " flame " " attachment " for your " magic staff , " and its prime use is to . . . shoot at " flame panels " to open doors .
It 's like , you 're not even " lighting torches " — you 're firing " flames " at " flame panels . "
Ten hours after getting this thing you might run into a locked door , and be like , oh , how do I open this ?
You enter first - person view mode , scan your surroundings , and see a flame panel way up in the corner .
" Oh . "
That 's some negative brain - friction right there .
That 's some slippery sleep - friction .
That 's the kind of thing that makes you not want to be awake again , ever .
Well , the brilliant friction in Star Fox Adventures sure as shit does n't save it , though I am a generous , kind type of person , so I can't forget it .
It 's probably the single best standard - attack - based sticky friction I 've ever seen in an action game .
Let 's not forget that The Legend of Zelda : Ocarina of Time did sticky friction years earlier : you hit a guy with your sword and it's like , for a moment , the world just ended , or your console just shorted out .
It 's a hell of a lumpy ball of sticky friction .
Well , Star Fox Adventures did it better , because : 1 . Your weapon is a staff , 2 . staffs can hit twice because your dude can twirl around , 3 . the timing of the screen freezes was impeccable .
I consider myself a highly trained videofriction connoisseur , so trust me when I say that is a beautiful friction .
Depending on the location of the hit , sometimes the pause is shorter than it 'll be with a stronger hit , and sometimes you score four or five hits all in a row .
It 's pretty marvelous .
It 's a shame that the game did n't , you know , do anything with its sublime frictions .
Probably my favorite sticky friction of all time belongs to Gunstar Heroes .
Treasure are the undisputed masters of videofriction .
Treasure 's friction resonates with me , as an aspiring game creator , more deeply than any other friction .
My favorite , and the stickiest , friction in Gunstar Heroes belongs to the action of catching a floating bomb out of the air and throwing it back at its point of origin .
It 's easiest to feel this in the third stage — the flying battleship .
You get to the top of a launchpad as a ship takes off .
You get onto the ship .
A bunch of guys with jetpacks come after you , trying to knock you off .
They throw bombs at you .
You jump into the air and press the attack button .
Your character sticks to the bomb ; the screen freezes for an instant as you yank the control pad in the direction of the flying enemy .
It feels for a second like you 've just stuck a chopstick into a jar of peanut butter , and are about to send the jar whistling along a countertop with a flick of your wrist .
When the brief screen - freeze ends , the bomb is careening through the sky at the original thrower ; it connects with its target , freezing the action again as the explosion begins .
It 's excellent : you 're allowed a space to savor your successful interception of your enemy 's attack and your successful redirection of that attack toward your enemy .
Advertisement
Putting favorites aside , I reckon that the absolute stickiest friction of all - time belongs to Bangai-o Spirits , another Treasure game .
In Bangai -o , your character is armed with a multi- directional bomb - thing ; the more enemies clustered around your character when you let loose the bomb , the more bullets explode out of your character .
If you do this at just the right moment , hundreds of bullets radiate outward .
They radiate outward with such ferocious velocity that no game machine on earth could probably possess the processing power to keep track of all of them .
Your DS will feel , for an instant , like it 's about to crack in half .
Each bullet causes a distinctly palpable freeze .
If this friction were a sound , it'd be the sound of trying to pull a piece of packing tape off of a wrinkled plastic grocery bag .
The bag is going to get torn to shreds , though it 's at least going to sound kind of cool for a microsecond .
Honorably mentionable sticky frictions include just about every special move or big combo in Street Fighter IV .
That 's a great place for sticky friction .
Advertisement
The reason sticky friction is the most important friction is because it lets the player really sponge up the ( in - game ) reality of the awesome thing he just did .
Sticky friction is the rolling , breathing cousin of the high score display — only instead of coming at the end of a play session , it 's right there with you the whole time , pumping its fist alongside you .
When you combine sticky with crunchy , you get a mind - blowing combination .
That 's what Burnout 3 did — it took sticky and crunchy and put them together , and the critics ' heads erupted into flames like in some little Game Pro magazine ratings portrait - thing .
You crunch into a car and you stick to it for a second , and the game floats into a swooshy trance , and the enemy car is flipping end - over - end out over a guardrail and into oncoming traffic .
Holy lord !
That 's a hell of a friction combo !
Good job on that one , guys !
You should rename your studio " The House That Friction Built . "
Velcro friction is a specific type of sticky friction .
It 's when two objects in the game world stick together , only one of them continues to move and the other does n't .
There is relatively little crunch to it .
Velcro friction can occur between two characters — mortal enemies , usually — or between a mountain - climber and a ledge , or between Super Mario 's feet and the cold earth .
Maybe the best example of Velcro friction is when you chainsaw a guy in Gears of War .
You come up behind him , clearly catching him with his pants ( figuratively ) down .
You get him with the chainsaw , and everything freezes .
By this point , the Unreal Engine already considers the enemy 's " class " " dead " .
It 's all about letting the player savor his big victory .
It 's not always easy to chainsaw a dude .
You deserve the short breather .
So there you are , just tearing the shit out of this guy for a whole three seconds .
That 's about as long as , if I recall correctly , Cliff Bleszinski says a cut - scene in a game ought to be , anyway .
Maybe that 's a good way of putting it : regular sticky friction is a chance to let the player enjoy still snippets of his awesomeness .
Velcro friction is a way to awaken in the player the realization that his playing of the game is the story , that the on - screen action is a movie scene .
Advertisement
Juicy ( also known as " jiggly " or " wiggly " ) is a kind of friction I personally do n't like that much .
Some people seem to love it .
It 's when stuff moves a lot .
It can be a neat effect , though only if the entire game is built around it .
I have n't seen a game built around it .
For it to work , the whole game would have to be like an old " Felix the Cat " cartoon , with the flowers in the background dancing and everything .
The later Sonic the Hedgehog games are juicy , for example — and they 're also pretty rancid .
Ratchet and Clank is probably the best example of a not - really - offensive juicy game .
Juice is mostly for flash purposes .
When Ratchet jumps up into the air , his hands flail in literally about 81 different directions before he lands .
It 's like the animator was asked to make sure that every possible combination of facing directions for the character 's two index fingers be exploited .
Things flop up and then flop down as he lands .
He can't just fire a gun or swing his heavy wrench , however , without some exaggerated swooshing and flooping .
He can't take a single unceremonious step forward .
No , " popular " game characters these days have to walk like they 're doing Core Rhythms .
God of War is juicy .
The combination of juicy and sticky is what makes it popular .
I am not trolling you when I say this .
I 'm being frank : you have juice , and then you have stickiness , and then you have juice again .
Remember what I said about the character 's weapons being daggers tied to chains ?
Well , chains are perfect because they 're floppy and floopy and they can really be anywhere on the screen at any one time .
The daggers shoot way out past the target and then flop right back down onto it .
They shoot out on either side of the hero , then turn in mid-air and shoot toward the target .
The player knows where the hit range of the weapon is .
He does n't see the little juice - dance of the chain - daggers .
For whom does the juice dance , then ?
It dances for the casual observer , your roommate , maybe , on his way to the kitchen to get a sandwich .
If you , the player , absorb any of the juice , it 's mostly subliminal .
You 're getting a holistic experience : everyone else is just getting the juice .
The thing about juice , is , like , if you have juice in a game , it looks like something , and then your roommate , on his way back with the sandwich , will ask , " What 's this game called ? "
That 's what juice does — it gets other people interested .
I 'm not saying juice is evil — just that it 's positioned at people who are n't currently playing the game .
I think I could like juice .
Why can't someone give me some juice that I can appreciate as I play the game ?
Modern Warfare is good about having juice going on in the background , though in that sense , if it does n't involve the character , it 's not really juice .
I suppose Smash Bros. has some player - oriented juice .
Heavenly Sword , though — there 's a case of a game that 's literally all juice .
There 's some fun in there , I guess , though not as much as there is juice .
Again , I 'm not saying that juice is evil .
Advertisement
Grease is evil juice .
It 's a kind of bad swoosh .
Kingdom Hearts is the best example of this .
It 's slippery and it 's juicy — that 's not sticky !
That 's not frictive !
That 's greasy .
You press a button and your character twirls all the hell of the way around with his key - sword - thing corkscrewing all over ; ultimately , he 's only going to lunge it directly forward .
You hardly even have to do anything in a greasy game .
It basically just plays itself — pleases itself , hurts itself , beats itself the hell up .
Kingdom Hearts
II is ridiculously greasy , at the expense of any kind of cohesion .
Just keep pressing the attack button , and enemies will inexplicably be sucked up into the sky .
Now you 're up there with them , and they 're helpless , and kind of a little scared - looking , mostly because of their lack of facial expressions , and you 're just spiraling around them , smacking the shit out of them .
Someone might walk into the room and look at this and go , " Oh , kick that ass , dude . "
Every Japanese role - playing game is greasy lately .
Final Fantasy XIII contains some ridiculous battle animations , like one guy 's pair of handguns that , every third attack , form together into one larger gun , which requires a long pause to form , and two hands to wield .
When it fires , it 's no stronger or weaker than the two guns being fired separately ; after it 's fired , it immediately separates into two guns again .
Who would make a gun that does that ?
Who would imagine the person who would make a gun like that ?
Who would envision a fictional world which would contain a person who would make a gun like that ?
What kind of marketing person — or salary - earning graphic design — would knock together a PowerPoint presentation hypothesizing that this kind of needlessly conjoining pair of handguns resonates more deeply with Kids Today than any normal pair of handguns ?
There is a problem with the world — simply put , not everyone everywhere is happy — and these games , despite their best efforts , and not succeeding in completely fixing that problem .
Snappy friction is when you press a button and something Just Fucking Happens , and you go " That .
Just .
Happened ! "
You 're taking heavy fire from a bunch of hard dudes in Uncharted when you spy a red barrel in the corner of the screen .
Never mind how the barrel got there !
You pop up out of cover , quickly take aim — the instant you press the fire button , the barrel explodes , sending four or five dudes flying .
No stickiness needed , because the corpses get decent enough hang - time for you to feel like a badass .
Snappy friction is sticky friction for gamers who genuinely prefer the films of Steven Seagal to any of the stuff done in Hong Kong .
Advertisement
Most of the time , when you hit an enemy with an attack that sends him flying , that 's snappy friction .
When there 's a disconnect or an electricity before the snap , that 's delayed snappy friction , or Electric Snappy Friction .
A premier example of Electric Snappy Friction is in God Hand , when you do the stock mule - kick attack : it takes maybe two whole breathless seconds to charge up , though once you let it go , it collides with the enemy and immediately sends him flying .
Then there 's when you run up to a dude who is crouching in Gears of War , and aim your shotgun right down at the side of his neck and pull the trigger , blasting him instantly and violently in half .
That 's a quick little crunch and snap .
Advertisement
A more tenuous snap is when you stand on one of those horizontally - oriented springy platforms in Super Mario World .
You walk to the end of the little platform , and it dips beneath Mario 's feet .
When it dips , that 's how you know that , if you press the jump button , you 're in for one hell of a high jump .
And that " spraaaaang " sound !
Man !
Chunk and snap go well together .
You will be chunking forward in Rondo of Blood , for example , and dancing with a dry ( not juicy ) tango when , suddenly , the opportunity to attack presents itself , and you are perfectly in range .
You press the button and BAM — " That !
Just !
Happened ! "
Compare this to the swishy friction of Space Invaders , where you press the button and wait .
With snap , you press the button and you feel .
Combining snappy and sticky is mostly unheard of , because the majority of gamers would shit their pants with probably every button press , making the world an objectively far worse place .
I hereby announce , my friends , that I am not exactly afraid to try .
Imagine a snappy gun that also sticks — and let 's make it kick , too , by knocking enemies backward .
And maybe when those enemies knock into other enemies , we get more sticky .
An initial snap , followed by a symphony of sticks .
By the gods , it could be brilliant .
It could also be dangerous .
I am already damaging my pants !
Advertisement
Meaty friction recalls the feeling of mostly hard flesh and bone .
Like , when you block a shoryuken in Street Fighter II , and your character sprite vibrates gently one direction and then the other .
Meat manifests itself in sudden , jerky flinches .
Boot up Street Fighter II and then watch Ryu block a low roundhouse from Zangief .
That 's a real sudden load of meat right there .
It 's like someone dropping a bag of nickels onto the sofa cushion next to you .
Sometimes , it 's more like a bag of quarters on a waterbed , which is okay , too .
Crispy friction is delicious .
It feels like you 're doing something new or discovering some foreign land with every tilt of the analog stick , though really all you 're doing is the video equivalent of munching potato chips .
We sometimes refer to crispy friction as " new snow " or " bubble wrap . "
It 's addictive and delicious and obsessive and spontaneous , though at the same time it feels meaningful or soothing .
Crispy friction refers to anything that you do n't really have to do in a game , though you definitely would rather keep doing it than stop doing it .
In Castlevania : Symphony of the Night , if you play as Richter Belmont , you start the game with the ability to do a super - high jump by pressing down , up , then the jump button quickly .
You get to the screen before the castle gate , and you can just keep doing this , letting Richter fly up int the air , curving down just before he hits the ceiling , and then falling back down .
You can reactivate the jump every time , as you 're about to touch the ground again .
It 's fantastic .
You can just keep doing that .
It feels like you 're doing something , though in the grand scheme of the universe , you most certainly are not .
Advertisement
Some modern games build entire universes out of this .
If you ask me , these are the frictions to study .
Katamari Damacy has that new snow feeling every time you roll your expanding ball of garbage over a pile of objects , hear that little sucking sound , and feel that tennis - racket - like vibration of the controller .
If you pick up something on the left side , the left side of the controller vibrates .
It 's cute .
Then you have Noby Noby Boy — just stretching and letting go .
Grabbing and stretching .
Noby Noby Boy is electric and crispy .
It 's just You and the Friction .
It 's wonderful .
Keita Takahashi is a man who knows friction .
Electricity is the friction of building something up and then letting it go .
This is one of my personal favorite frictions , as used famously in the Mega Buster , introduced in Mega Man 4 .
You hold down the button , and then you let go .
The longer you hold the button , the bigger the shot .
The bigger the shot , the more the damage .
Mega Man 4's Mega Buster was n't so great , really , because you could just ABC ( Always Be Charging ) .
The character 's movement speed did n't suffer because he was charging .
This was obviously before " risk / reward " was a huge buzz - phrase game designers passed around .
Keiji Inafune , these days , may be great at predicting the future irrelevance of Japan 's games industry , though back then he really was n't so hot at predicting how to combine electricity , snap , and a little bit of chunk .
Advertisement
Sonic the Hedgehog 2 is a game with some electricity .
Some people do n't like its electricity , because they think it makes the players lazier .
They want it to be like Sonic the Hedgehog , where , if you were stuck at the bottom of a hill without any running space you were fucked .
THE WORST VIDEOFRICTIONS OF ALL -TIME
1 . Trying to walk up a hill from a standing start in Sonic the Hedgehog
2 . Trying to walk up a hill from a standing start in Super Mario 64 ( Mario ends up sliding down backward on his belly )
Advertisement
These really do n't ever leave your brain .
end interlude
In Sonic the Hedgehog 2 , you could hold the down directional button and press the jump button to rev up a " spin dash . "
Let go of the jump button , and Sonic would take off like a pinball .
Okay .
The thing is , you 're vulnerable to enemy attack while Sonic is revving up .
Okay .
Most of the time , you can clear yourself a little private space and just rev up all you want .
You really only need to press the button a couple times ( three ? ) before you achieve maximum Sonic - launching speed , though I can't think of anyone who ever stopped at three .
Man , you just bash the hell out of that button .
The sound is so cool .
And then you let go and you 're off like a rocket .
If you 're like me ( and maybe ( gasp ! ) you are ) , then maybe you revved up like a jerk right in front of a spring going the other way , or right in front of one of those bumpers that immediately revs you up to top speed immediately .
Electricity can be a frivolous , cute little friction .
Advertisement
Grippy friction is a cousin of sticky friction , where the world continues to move while your player freezes in time .
This is a peculiar friction .
Probably the best example of it is the wall - climb in Megaman X : you jump at a wall , and Megaman grabs it with one hand , his back turned and feet pressed against it .
He grinds down the wall with a pleasant enough ( mid- rangey ) sound .
If you press the jump button at any point in this grind , he will jump diagonally upward with a distinct trajectory .
You can then bounce between walls as much as you like .
The climbing aspect is n't important .
It 's the downward grind .
It 's so minutely tuned that its execution manages to walk into the brain and pull up a chair for years .
A similar one is " sword - fighting " in The Legend of Zelda : A Link to the Past .
You hold the attack button and Link extends his sword .
Now you can knock your sword against the swords of enemy guards .
If you time it right and strafe Link carefully enough , you can start a " duel " that never ends .
The swords vainly clink against one another .
This is a grippy friction for tenuous reasons .
It only feels like the world is moving and the player is standing still at very precise ten- millisecond bursts .
The purpose of the player is to pwn enemies ; the purpose of the enemies is to pwn the player .
In the case of this futile duel , neither of these goals is approaching accomplishment .
It feels good , though .
People love to do it .
People love this kind of useless , grippy friction .
It feels like your guys might be standing up on " American Gladiators " platforms , swinging those batons at one another , or like they might be Rock 'em Sock 'em Robots , or like someone might be pressing buttons to make you press buttons on the controller .
Grippy friction , in times like these , feels like playing a game using a a pair of tweezers in each hand to hold Q - tips and press the buttons .
It takes you even further outside the game , though only in your brain .
We can also say grippy friction is sometimes like playing DDR — on stilts .
Advertisement
Jerky friction is friction that pulls you one way , and then the other .
The horse in Shadow of the Colossus is a prime jerky friction .
It great .
Sometimes the horse does n't actually listen 100 % to what you 're telling it to do .
You pull the analog stick to the right , and he jerks hard to the left before jerking back to the right .
The horse feels alive .
Usually , jerky needs a little bit of sticky to totally work .
Perhaps the most famous jerky friction is the Alpha Friction , that of Super Mario Bros .
The Alpha Friction is the friction that occurs when Mario is running one direction , and you attempt to quickly change directions .
He does n't do it right away .
You can feel him still pulling in the direction he was going , before he stops , sticks , and then begins walking , then running , in the other direction .
It 's a real stand - up - and - slow - clap kind of friction .
Back in 1985 , other Japanese game developers experienced the whole cigarette - sticking - to - the - bottom - lip thing .
Their eyes opened wide and they were like " How . . . in . . . the . . . hell ? "
A year later , they were swallowing probably two pounds of accidentally - chomped cigar a day .
Their teams picked away hard at the diamond wall of Super Mario Bros. , able to yield neither jack nor shit .
The boss bleated obscenities through his teeth : " Fuck - of - a — * GULP * !! "
With some feat of programming magic , Takashi Tezuka and crew had given a tiny little character a huge personality via some cute little scale model of real - world physics .
Advertisement
Decades later , we have Gran Turismo director Kazunori Yamauchi saying that the forward dip of the nose of the helicopter in Choplifter as it soared forward conveyed to him a greater sense of narrative urgency and detailed world - building than anything he had yet seen in computer software .
Eventually , we had The Pickford Bros . '
Solar Jetman , published by Rare for the NES .
The whole point of the game was rotating a little space pod , pressing the thrust button , flying , picking up space garbage with your grappling hook , and then feeling that garbage jerk you toward the unfeeling earth .
Just You And The Friction .
Lord , what a beautiful little game , Solar Jetman .
Advertisement
Then we had OutRun , a game about drifting — about steering and countersteering .
This is a jerky kind of friction .
Have you ever had the question on your written driving test where they ask you what direction to turn the wheel in the case of a skid ?
The choices are " In the direction of the skid " , " Opposite the direction of the skid " , " do n't turn the wheel at all " and " scream " .
You have to think about it for a minute .
Maybe there are some people who never got that question on their written test ; instinctively , in case of a skid , they 'd just know what to do .
Modern games like OutRun 2 or Ridge Racer are about drifting dangerously .
It is the thrill of the jerk that brings people coming back to these videogames — and sometimes , to videogames in general .
Jerk friction was all that Mortal Kombat had , you know , aside from the Fatalities — and let 's face it , no one would have discovered the Fatalities if they 'd fallen asleep and time - overed the actual fights .
The jerk friction in Mortal Kombat was a quick one - two of sweeping a guys legs and then uppercutting him while he was in the air .
It was like a Street Fighter II Combo For Dummies .
It was stupid , though it was enough for people who were only in it for the Fatalities to understand .
Advertisement
Clicky friction is when you grab a game controller with the console turned off and just jag on it for a bit because — let 's face it — game controllers are sometimes designed well enough for you to not really care if you 're not playing a game .
Hori arcade sticks are like this , or Guitar Hero / Rock Band controllers .
My favorite clicky " unplugged " friction is — and this is borderline tangential — to just pick up the sticks on a Taiko Drum Master arcade machine and beat the life out of the drum like a maniac for a couple of seconds , maybe while I 'm waiting for a friend .
That 's a really good one .
Another one is , you know , just repeatedly inserting and removing a DS cartridge into and out of the slot .
It makes such a delicious little click !
Now that I 've appropriately derailed myself ,
. . .
I suppose I can wrap this up .
Friction is everywhere in games , except when games are just too lazy to have any friction ; I do n't think I 've touched on nearly all the types of friction you come across in games .
I have cataloged , in my sleepless , vitamin - B6 - toxic state , mostly tactile frictions , though these are all things I think about when talking about or making games or , well , doing anything , really .
I realized a long time ago that sound is a type of friction , and I like my music frictive .
That 's why I chose the ZVex Fuzz Factory fuzz pedal for all my dynamic " songwriting " concerns .
You leave the friction off , you turn the friction on .
Advertisement
If you held me at knife - point right now and asked me to name the two best Compound Frictions in videogames up until this point , here is what I would come up with off the top of my head :
Slide jump : Super Mario 64
The Z button makes Mario crouch while standing , or , while running enter a short crouching slide .
If you press the jump button in the middle of the crouching slide , Mario jumps .
Advertisement
In the instant before jumping , you feel an element of Velcro .
The mind boggles if pressed to decide whether the slide makes Mario move more quickly or more slowly .
If you do n't jump , the crouching slide burns Mario to a halt quickly , with a bassy little scraping sound .
For that first instant , however , just before you jump , you feel like Mario is floating .
Like a hovercraft .
Like a Mag - Lev train .
It 's peculiar .
Then comes the jump itself , a clean , boomerang of an upward / forward jerk , complemented with an airy swoosh sound and an over - the - top " Wah - hoo ! " — Charles Martinet communicates to the player that this jump , right here , is more fun than any of the others .
The end of the jump is tapered in a weird little way .
It 's as though Mario 's landing point is marked just behind the farthest point in the jump arc .
Jumping a medium - width chasm feels like hitting a golf ball with a pitching wedge , popping it over a bunker and landing it right on the green with minimal spin .
Yet Super Mario 64 is more satisfying than any golf game ; in Super Mario 64 , it 's like you 're controlling the ball directly .
It feels marvelous and free .
If you " spin " or " roll " forward at the end of the jump , it 's not Mario 's fault : you might be holding the analog stick .
To get that perfect plop - down landing , you need to let go of the analog stick .
All of the jumps in Super Mario 64 are fine - tuned by a demigodly friction - master ; the long jump is the most delicately , masterfully directed of them all .
It might have been Shigeru Miyamoto who directed and punctuated these frictions , or it might have been Takashi Tezuka who included them instinctively .
No one who interviews Shigeru Miyamoto or Takashi Tezuka ever asks either of them about things like game - friction .
Advertisement
Friction was so important to Super Mario 64 that — so goes the legend — early in its development , Shigeru Miyamoto asked for a " White Room " : a blank , empty stage in which Mario would be terrifyingly alone .
In this white void , Mario could run and jump endlessly without fear of death . . . or any kind of goal whatsoever .
The purpose of the White Room was to allow the programmers to fine - tune the feeling of every little jump , exactly to the game designers ' specifications .
How many work hours did it take to tune the long jump ?
Probably dozens .
I do n't think they spent nearly as much time on it in either of the Super Mario Galaxy games .
It 's so limp and dull .
Why have it at all ?
Oh , right , because it was in Super Mario 64 , and that game 's a classic .
No matter what you do , in Super Mario Galaxy , Mario always recovers from a running long - jump with a perfect stop , without a moment of inertia .
You have to actually try really hard to get Mario to barrel forward .
Advertisement
Super Mario 64 is , really , just revolutionary friction all - around .
The slide levels , too .
I tell people I want " Endless Super Mario 64 Slide : The Game " , and they tell me to play SSX , and I 'm like , man , it 's not the same .
It 's not , really .
I want it to be totally irreverent and nuts .
I want to believe the unbelievable .
Et cetera .
Every single second of Sin and Punishment 2
Sin and Punishment 2 is already out on the Wii in Europe , and it comes out in the US on June 27th .
It was released in Japan back in October of 2009 — on the same day as Bayonetta , in fact , which is unfortunate for sales .
Sin and Punishment for the Wii manages to cram all of the most delicious friction types into one action : that of reflecting an enemy projectile with your sword .
It 's defense , and it 's offense .
It 's chunky , and it 's sticky .
It 's jerky and it 's swishy .
And it 's so crunchy it 's actually kind of scary .
I called the game " a veritable monster pancake stack of delicious , sticky frictions " in my review .
Advertisement
The button you use to swing your sword is the button you also use to fire bullets from your gun .
You fire a lot of bullets out of your gun in this game .
You will never be able to even consider counting the bullets .
They are billions .
You use the Wii remote to aim a reticule .
You use the nunchuk 's analog stick to move your character .
You use the nunchuk shoulder button to jump .
You are running around , jumping over obstacles , when an enemy on the left side of the screen , far in the background , fires a missile at you .
An enemy ship hovers in from the upper - right .
You sweep the Wii remote around , and aim the reticule at the guy in the upper - right .
You slam the lock - on button .
You are locked - on to the ship .
The missile nears your body ; rather than dodge it , you rush to meet it .
You let go of the fire button ; you risk contact .
You re-squeeze the fire button , crunching your sword into the missile ; the action sticks for forty milliseconds .
The missile jerks around and swishes out into the distance .
If you were n't locked - on , you offer a quick flit of your wrist when pressing the sword button : the missile curve - balls out , spirals at the enemy ship , collides , sticks , explodes in a great spurt .
Advertisement
You will do this so many times .
You will repeat this beautiful action together with basic shooting and jumping and close - range swording right up to the end of the game .
You will learn to do it while spiraling and loop - de- looping in the air , aiming on the fly , and it 'll never cease being gorgeous .
It 's seriously the single most satisfying action I 've ever obsessively performed for points in a video contest in my entire life .
Put me in a sensory deprivation chamber and let me do this forever , I swear .
If this sounds good to you , by all means , by Sin and Punishment for the Wii .
Buy it new .
Do n't wait for it to be used .
Wait for something else to be used .
Treasure needs money .
If they can't pay their bills , they can't keep making frictions for me to devour .
Advertisement
Spurty friction does n't actually exist too much in games .
Are there any games that maximize the videogame potential of firehoses ?
My friend Gilbert Smith proposes a 16 - bit - style mascot game called " Spurtin ' Burton " , built from the ground up to explore the potential of the spurt .
I propose that it's , like , every thirty microseconds you hold the action button down translates to one full second of spurting .
Maybe he spurts lasers , or maybe it's a deadly fluid .
While it 's spurting out , you can slowly change the direction of the spurt by , uhh , using the shoulder buttons .
You ca n't move Spurtin ' Burton , though , and maybe enemies can attack him from behind , and it's a one - hit kill .
Maybe if you hold the button down for longer than two seconds , Burton just explodes right there on the spot and dies .
God , that 'd be sick !
Maybe it could wipe your save file , too !
Whoosh is a type of friction like , when you use a magic ability to push something through the air so it flies into something else .
In most games , these days , it 's used as a cheap go - to solution for puzzles .
" That door 's locked , so i guess I have to pick up a piece of debris with my telekinesis " .
This is a friction with much potential , though it 's really just crunching and snapping and swishing and sticking kind of shoehorned together .
I reckon someone will get around to doing something with it .
Advertisement
—-
I probably should n't go on anymore .
I actually thought I had finished this about twelve paragraphs ago .
I must have been writing in my sleep again !
Advertisement
I 'll see you all in the comments .
Let 's talk about friction — and , maybe , let 's talk about love .
—-
BONUS : Update on the Development of Action Button Entertainment 's debut game , currently Codenamed " ZIGGURAT "
Advertisement
Our company is doing well !
So well , in fact , that we are on track to become both the Best Game Company Ever and Better Than The Best Game Company Ever within the next ten years !
That 's a lot of bestevering !
Our expert analysts predict that the work of Action Button Entertainment will be so influential that , tens of millennia in the future , when alien brains in jars talk about what we now call " videogames , " they 'll call them " Action Button Entertainments . "
Example : " Super Mario Bros. is an excellent example of an early action button entertainment . "
Next :
Our game is doing well !
It 's going to be terribly idiotic , though at least it will be stuffed to near - bursting with sticky friction , maybe even the stickiest , spurtiest , messiest , meatiest , crunchiest friction you 've ever felt in a game .
Hopefully , by the time this game is finished , I wo n't even need to make any money from the sales of it —
I 'll just lock myself alone in my apartment , alone with the friction until I disintegrate of natural causes .
I guess if the game still leaves me craving friction , I can try to make another .
I 'm going to design Game # 2 right here , off the top of my head :
" TUESDAY NIGHT " : a 3D action game .
The player plays the part of a man with his left ankle shackled to a post in the ground , his hands cuffed behind his back .
He stands in the dead center of a circular arena surrounded by two - way mirrors and disco - balls .
Trap doors open in the floor and all matter of organic contraptions — bears , tigers , humans — rise up on elevator platforms .
The enemies then streak toward the player at furious speed .
Use the left analog stick to move left or right , around the post .
Use the right trigger button to wind up a side - kick .
Hold the button to charge the kick .
Let go to fire the kick .
While charging the kick , use the right analog stick to aim the pitch or yaw of the kick .
Kick an enemy in the torso and the game will stick ; his torso will then fly with ferocious velocity ( directly proportional to the amount of time you charged the kick ) in the direction of the kick .
His arms , legs , and head will hang in the air for a moment afterward , spurting blood into the torso - void .
The flying torso , should it collide with an enemy , will have the effect of a kick .
The distance the torso has flown before colliding with another enemy will decrease the force of the collision , and the distance / velocity of the projectiling of whatever limb / body part it collides with .
Any body part colliding with the walls will bounce , losing half its force in the process .
Basically , you 're playing pinball with body parts , presumably for the entertainment of the people behind the glass .
You can even kick a body part so hard it reflects all the way back to you !
Then you can kick it again !
Maybe you can have so many things ping - ponging around that dodging them would be exhilarating .
Maybe , if a single opponent touches you , the game sharply fades to black and the sound of a terrified scream explodes , signaling game - over .
Advertisement
God , that game would suck so hard .
It 'd be awesome .
Anyway , Bob and I recently had a meeting with Nintendo in Kyoto .
Here 's a video documentary of how the trip went .
Advertisement
( Actually , just so you do n't sincerely believe that I am actually delusional , I hereby disclaim that yes , this video is a joke .
( We were in Kyoto to look at temples and enjoy the weather . ) )
( Note : the name of our web show , " Get Bonus " ( first episode viewable on get - bonus.net ) , is actually taken from a sound clip from Treasure 's game Sin and Punishment , miraculously available on the Nintedo Wii Virtual Console .
It 's a classic ; you should play it ! )
Advertisement
Oh , also : Bob and I will be at E3 !
I will be wearing a green Adidas track suit ; he will be wearing a black Adidas track suit .
Feel free to greet me by approaching me and hitting me as hard as you can ( just do n't hit the glasses ( they 're expensive ( my right lens costs three times as much as my left lens ) ) .
The password is " Sticky Friction . "
If you have any books you 'd like signed — any author is okay — just bring them , and I 'll sign them for you .
—-
tim rogers is the editor - in - chief of Action Button Dot Net , which is a fancy way of saying he 's the founder and one of three completely unpaid employees .
friend his band large prime numbers on myspace , follow him on twitter , or email him at 108 ( at ) action button ( dot ! ( net ! ) )
Many individual investors were tiptoeing back into stocks in the spring .
Now , they 're running for cover again .
Karen and Roger Potyk , a comfortably retired couple in San Antonio , Tex. , had clung to some stock mutual funds despite their anxiety following the financial crisis of 2008 .
But the renewed market volatility following the " flash crash " of May 6 proved too much to bear .
" We ...
State - controlled Gazprom has lost billions pursuing Russian foreign policy .
Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi ( left ) is known to be close to his Russian counterpart , Vladimir Putin , while Italy has backed a key Russian pipeline .
Invisible ink , instructions concealed in images posted on the Internet , a laptop in a Barnes & Noble flashing messages to a passing van : the high - tech spycraft used by the 10 now - confessed Russian intelligence agents arrested last month intrigues us because it rings of good old spy fiction -- and the exchange of the spies for four Russians convicted of spying for the West only adds to that feeling -- but it 's less astounding than the farce .
A former KGB officer who handled the KGB 's biggest - ever spies -- Aldrich Ames and Robert Hanssen -- in Washington during the 1980s calls it so absurd as to be unbelievable .
" It 's as if a kindergarten class decided to go into espionage , " says Viktor Cherkashin , " not the intelligence service I knew .
" But dismissing the latest spy scandal as indication the Russians are ineffectually still fighting the Cold War is to miss the big picture .
In fact , Moscow is skillfully advancing its interests in the West , not through intelligence but business , often supported by crafty industrial espionage , influence - buying , and under - the - table deal - making .
Since Vladimir Putin took power a decade ago , Russia , the world 's biggest energy exporter , has been extending an ever - tighter grip over Europe 's energy market by vying for control over the pipeline networks , storage facilities , and utilities that deliver Russian oil and natural gas to European consumers .
It has been doing that partly by rebuilding the influence it lost after the Cold War in former Soviet bloc countries that are now members of the European Union and NATO .
" Russian energy companies are using their old , communist - era contacts , " former Czech Environment Minister Martin Bursik says .
The contacts include lobbyist Miroslav Slouf , a former communist youth leader whose Slavia Consulting company brokered a deal by Russia 's LUKoil to supply 20 percent of the jet fuel used at Prague 's international airport last year .
No other companies bid for the deal , despite a promise by then - Prime Minister Mirek Topolanek to diversify energy supplies .
LUKoil 's main promoter in the Czech Republic , Slouf also happens to be the right - hand man of popular former Prime Minister Milos Zeman , a social democrat who many believe to be eyeing the presidency .
Fair enough , perhaps -- many officials say Russian companies behave no differently than their Western counterparts .
" I do n't think ordinary investments from Russia , the United States , Italy , China , Japan , Brazil , Germany , France , or anywhere else are a threat to our national independence , " says another former prime minister , Social Democrat Jiri Paroubek .
But others disagree .
Unlike Western firms , which lobby largely in their own interests , Russian state - controlled and private enterprises play an integral role in Kremlin foreign policy .
Surely no Western company would have agreed to lose billions of dollars by cutting off supplies to its customers .
That 's what Russia 's Gazprom did when Moscow twice shut down gas pipelines to Ukraine in what looked very much like punishment for Kyiv 's pro-Western policies .
To conceal its designs , the Kremlin relies on a dizzying web of shell companies nominally owned and operated by Europeans but in reality controlled by Moscow to attack by stealth .
Among them , a gas - trading company named Vemex has taken 12 percent of the Czech domestic market since its establishment in 2001 to sell Russian natural gas .
Although there 's nothing on Vemex 's website to indicate it , the company is Czech in name only .
It 's actually controlled by Gazprom through a series of companies based in Switzerland , Germany , and Austria , including Centrex Europe Energy and Gas , which has helped spearhead the Russian drive to buy energy assets across Europe .
Centrex is registered in Austria and , according to Gazprom 's website , founded by its own Gazprombank .
But the company 's real ownership is impossible to trace .
According to the European Commission , Centrex is owned by Centrex Group Holding Ltd. , registered in Cyprus , a company controlled by Gazprom 's German subsidiary , and RN Privatstiftung , a Vienna foundation whose stockholders are unknown .
Why go to the trouble of hiding the real owners of companies either already known or believed to be controlled by Gazprom ?
Vemex is just one of a large number of enterprises Gazprom has set up in countries across Central and Eastern Europe to jockey for stakes in European energy utilities .
By disguising the real owners , Gazprom makes its actions more palatable to Europeans wary of expanding Russian influence .
Investigative journalist Jaroslav Plesl points the finger at his own countrymen for enabling Moscow .
Czechs are " willing to sell anything , " he says of the staggering corruption in his country , something Russian companies have been able to exploit by taking advantage of nontransparent tenders .
They also lobby to prevent the development of regulations that would prohibit those kinds of activities , with the effect of exporting the kind of corruption that dominates Russia .
Former foreign - intelligence chief Karel Randak fears there 's little that can be done to counter those activities .
" If the Russians want to gain control over some strategic assets in the Czech Republic , " he says , " they will do it via companies in Switzerland or Western Europe , and no one 's able to say the Russians are behind this or that firm .
"
In Western Europe , Moscow has operated by making lucrative arrangements with foreign energy companies that become de facto lobbyists for the Kremlin within their own countries .
Germany , Italy and Austria are among those that have joined projects to build two major new gas pipelines from Russia that would deepen Europe 's dependence on Moscow .
The North Stream project -- which is building a pipeline to Germany directly from Russia , cutting out troublesome transit countries such as Ukraine -- is headed by none other than Germany 's former Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder , who shocked many by taking the highly paid job only weeks after leaving office .
His efforts in Berlin are aided by a network of former agents of the East German secret police , the Stasi .
Among them is the head of Gazprom 's German subsidiary , who worked with Putin recruiting spies when he was a KGB officer stationed in Dresden in the 1980s .
Signing up Schroeder , Plesl says , was the equivalent of " spitting in Chancellor Angela Merkel 's face , " an unmistakable reminder of Russia 's influence among German elites , and something she could n't ignore .
The usefulness of such influence , on a country that relies on Russian gas for 30 percent of its supplies , is clear .
Taking office in 2005 , Merkel talked tough about Russia , urging a fractious European Union to develop a common energy policy toward Moscow .
But EU countries have failed to agree on a common policy toward Russia , while Germany 's dependence on Russia continues to grow , partly because the Kremlin has persuaded customers it 's too risky to look elsewhere for their gas .
Instead , when Washington campaigned to put former Soviet Ukraine and Georgia on a path to NATO membership in 2008 -- an issue that provoked fury in Russia -- Merkel led the successful opposition to the U.S. plan , despite international outrage over Russia 's invasion of Georgia that year .
At the same time , Germany blocked proposed EU regulations that would have restricted foreign companies from buying European energy utilities , a policy that could have slowed Gazprom 's advance into Western Europe .
For Russia , which depends on its oil and gas exports , commercial energy interests and political power are inseparable .
In 2008 , Gazprom agreed to buy control over the entire Serbian energy industry just when President Boris Tadic was seeking crucial support from Moscow during his reelection campaign .
This year , Ukraine turned its back on the Orange Revolution under a new , enthusiastically pro-Moscow president who extended Russia 's lease of a Black Sea port of Sevastopol in return for a 30 percent gas discount .
Ultimately Moscow expands its influence by eroding political autonomy in the target countries .
Although Russia is a long way from enjoying that kind of influence in the United States , Moscow has already enlisted extremely influential lobbyists , including former Secretaries of State Henry Kissinger and James Baker , who has worked as a consultant for Gazprom and Russia 's pipeline monopoly Transneft .
" They 're not spying .
They 're shaping American foreign policy absolutely legally , " says political scholar Andrei Piontkovsky .
" So why does the Kremlin need to groom a dozen super - spies to gather information any competent journalist can compile in Moscow ?
" Perhaps they were plants for a much longer - term project than we give Moscow credit for .
What 's clear is that their Keystone Kops bumbling should n't distract us from the fact that while Moscow 's intelligence service may be lost still fighting the Cold War , Russia has been very busy on other fronts building an effective web of influence well beyond its borders .
Gregory Feifer is a senior RFE / RL correspondent .
His book " The Great Gamble : The Soviet War In Afghanistan " was published in paperback this year .
The views expressed in this commentary are the author 's own and do not necessarily reflect those of RFE / RL
The Texas Democratic Party ’s state convention is under way in Corpus Christi .
There will be the usual speeches from candidates like gubernatorial hopeful Bill White , a debate over the party ’s platform and a vote to determine its next chair .
But one of the biggest fights of the weekend could come when party officials revisit a two - year - old discussion of the “ Texas Two - step , ” the system Texas Democrats use to award delegates in the presidential primary election process .
“ That is a big problem the Texas Democratic Party has to consider , because it could very well be facing another lawsuit , ” said Luis Vera , attorney for the League of United Latin American Citizens .
“ It ’s just a matter of time . ”
More than 2.8 million Texas Democrats came to the polls in March 2008 to vote in the presidential primary contest between Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton .
It was the first time in decades that the party ’s presidential candidate had n’t already been chosen by the time the Texas primary rolled around .
The excitement of the race drew thousands of new voters who discovered the Democrats ’ arcane system for awarding delegates to presidential candidates .
The two - step process assigns delegates based on both the number of primary votes that candidates receive and on the number of supporters who show up at precinct caucuses after the polls close .
Thirty - five of the party 's 228 total delegates are considered " superdelegates , " and they can pledge to whichever candidate they choose .
Two - thirds of the party 's remaining state delegates are chosen based on primary votes .
The rest are based on caucus turnout .
After the polls closed , about a million Democrats across the state deluged local caucus meetings , sometimes lining up for blocks and staying late into the night , to show support for their preferred candidate .
Party officials were overwhelmed and unprepared .
In the end , Clinton won the popular vote in the Texas primary , but Obama ’s well - organized campaign drew more delegates from the caucus process .
Questions about the fairness and implementation of the process abounded .
“ This tremendous enthusiasm and tremendous turnout showed the flaws in the system , ” Democratic Party Chairman Boyd Richie subsequently said .
Newly active Democrats and even some longtimers called for overhauling the system or eliminating the caucuses altogether .
Richie appointed state Sen. Royce West , D - Dallas , to launch a statewide hearing process to make recommendations for improvements .
West and his committee held hearings from El Paso to Nacogdoches , and they polled Democrats online .
Many Democrats told the committee the process was too complicated , was n’t well regulated and was n’t representative of the voters ’ decisions .
In the online poll results , just 28 percent of those who responded favored keeping the current system .
The committee released its recommendations in 2009 .
The suggested fixes were minimal : things like changing caucus locations , making the rules clearer and using technology to speed up the caucus process .
West ’s committee did not recommend abolishing the caucuses .
“ The data shows that most people disagree with the method of conducting caucuses … rather than disagreeing with the system in general , ” the committee reported .
Democratic Party spokeswoman Kirsten Gray said that since the 2008 primary election , only minor , mostly administrative , changes have been made to the process .
West did not respond to requests for comment for this story .
Those changes were not enough for many Democrats , though .
And they ’re planning to challenge the system again at this weekend 's state party convention .
“ The current system decreases the voting strength of people who cast a ballot in the primary but who do not or cannot return to caucus at the precinct conventions , ” said Scott Cobb , a state convention delegate from Austin .
Cobb and other opponents of the caucus process say it discriminates against minority and working - class voters and the elderly and disabled , who may be able to vote at the polls but would not be able to return later the same day for caucus meetings .
They ’ve started a website called changethecaucus.org .
The system , they say , is also unfair for soldiers and others who cannot be in Texas on primary day to show up at the caucuses .
“ A new system with all the pledged delegates allocated based solely on the results of the primary would be fairer and more inclusive , ” Cobb said .
The party has already lost a lawsuit over the primary caucus process .
In 2008 , LULAC sued , charging that the two - step system and the way the party allocates delegates diluted representation in districts with large Hispanic populations .
A panel of three federal judges in 2009 refused to dismiss the lawsuit and suggested that the party ’s process should be reviewed by the Department of Justice to ensure it did n't violate the Voting Rights Act .
“ All we want is what ’s fair , ” said Vera , the LULAC attorney who tried the two - step case .
“ We ’re not asking for anything that ’s unfair . ”
Despite the lawsuit and calls for change from within the party , Vera said he expects the fight to continue until or unless party leadership changes .
“ It ’s just a fight trying to get rid of it ; change is not easy , ” he said .
But if there are n’t changes to the system , Vera said he expects the party could face another lawsuit based on claims that the system discriminates against soldiers stationed overseas .
Those who support the caucus system argue that it encourages participation and helps the party develop grassroots support .
When voters come back after the election for the caucus , they can get involved in choosing their local party leadership and deciding who gets to go to party conventions .
The two - step process was born out of efforts by the Democratic National Committee to increase diversity .
Through 1968 , the candidate who won a majority of the primary votes got all the Texas presidential delegates .
In 1972 , though , the party adopted diversity quotas and mandated proportional representation .
After a series of reform efforts and changes , the hybrid primary - caucus system was adopted in 1985 , and it was first used in 1988 .
It was designed , in part , to ensure equal representation among urban and rural areas of the state , and until the fervor of the 2008 election , the process seemed to have worked .
“ Some feel we should leave the process as is , and some feel it needs to be changed , ” said Rose Salas , a member of the State Democratic Executive Committee from Houston .
“ It ’s very , very hard to gauge as to what the outcome could possibly be . ”
Salas is on the temporary rules committee that makes initial recommendations for the two - step process and proposed changes to it at the convention .
Salas said the committee has already received a number of suggestions , including doing away with the caucus system of awarding delegates .
She expects the discussion could get pretty contentious .
“ I do n’t ever assume anything is going to be smooth sailing , ” she said .
The speculation surrounding a possible comeback for ex-F1 World Champion Kimi Raikkonen next year has gathered pace , with Mercedes - Benz Motorsport Vice - President Norbert Haug having paid a visit to see the Finn at his Swiss home - and McLaren - Mercedes team principal Martin Whitmarsh reflecting that the sport would be ' richer ' were he to return .
Raikkonen quit the top flight at the end of last year , having been dropped by Ferrari in favour of fellow title - winner Fernando Alonso , and having entered negotiations with former employer McLaren with a view to partnering Lewis Hamilton but in the end proving unable to reach financial agreement .
He was also linked to Mercedes Grand Prix prior to the news that Michael Schumacher was to spectacularly rejoin the grid three years on from ' retirement ' - but ultimately , the 30 - year - old elected to indulge his ' second love ' on a full - time basis and signed to compete for the Citro ? n Junior Team in the World Rally Championship .
Though he has encountered the inevitable ups - and - downs and growing pains of being on what is undeniably a steep learning curve , Raikkonen ably demonstrated just how far he has come by running up in the leading quartet on last weekend 's inaugural Rally Bulgaria until he unfortunately crashed out of contention .
' The Iceman ' initially hinted that his WRC adventure could be merely a sabbatical , but since then he has remained elusive about his long - term plans , and whether or not he foresees a sustained future in rallying or else a return to F1 .
Should he indeed wish to come back , the most likely options would appear to be Renault - alongside the recently re-signed Robert Kubica - current pace - setters Red Bull Racing if the fall - out from Istanbul and Silverstone ultimately proves too much for Mark Webber to stomach or else Mercedes , in the event that Schumacher decides that enough is enough and walks away early from his three - year contract come season 's end .
Which only goes to make the reports in Finnish newspaper Iltalehti that Raikkonen recently received a visit from Haug at home in Switzerland all - the - more intriguing .
The German has since confirmed the visit , but sought to play down its significance , whilst the Espoo native 's spokesman Riku Kuvaja has re-iterated that the situation remains ' the same as before ' .
" I have been in contact with Kimi as a friend , " the 57 - year - old - who worked closely with Raikkonen at McLaren from 2002 to 2006 and was a guest at the 18 - time grand prix - winner 's wedding - told MTV3 at Silverstone .
" Kimi will make a decision [ regarding his future ] for himself .
I do hope he comes back , because it would be a good thing for F1 . "
" F1 would be richer for having Kimi back , " echoed McLaren team principal and Formula One Teams ' Association ( FOTA ) chairman Whitmarsh , according to the Daily Star .
" He is a very talented and intelligent driver , which is something that people underestimated - that 's because he was n't the most communicative of people on occasions .
" Kimi is one of the most exciting drivers in the world and , frankly , he should be in F1 .
If I could wave a magic wand for an F1 grid it would certainly include Kimi .
That 's why last year we were talking to him . "
That whole uproar about Senator Joe Lieberman 's bill to give the president an internet " kill switch ? "
He says it 's all just " misinformation , " and only wants the president to have the power to " disconnect the American Internet " when bad things happen .
Greetings birthday Fold !
It ’s The Underfold ’s 2 - year birthday today !
Come on over to our FACEBOOK event and wait eagerly for me to post random pictures to the group .
I ’m hoping to draw a bunch of never - before - seen content specifically for this event !
SO COME ON DOWN !
- bman
You have already voted for this video .
We appreciate your help .
You have already reported this video .
Israeli pilot on a f - 15 do the unbelieve and land saftly with only one wing
Israeli pilot on a f - 15 do the unbelieve and land saftly with only one wing
SYDNEY ( Reuters ) -
The world ’s oceans are virtually choking on rising greenhouse gases , destroying marine ecosystems and breaking down the food chain -- irreversible changes that have not occurred for several million years , a new study says .
The changes could have dire consequences for hundreds of millions of people around the globe who rely on oceans for their livelihoods .
“ It ’s as if the Earth has been smoking two packs of cigarettes a day ” , said the report ’s lead - author Australian marine scientist Professor Ove Hoegh - Guldberg .
The Australia - U.S. report published in Science magazine on Friday , studied 10 years of marine research and found that climate change was causing major declines in marine ecosystems .
( www.sciencemag.org)
Oceans were rapidly warming and acidifying , water circulation was being altered and dead zones within the ocean depths were expanding , said the report .
There has also been a decline in major ocean ecosystems like kelp forests and coral reefs and the marine food chain was breaking down , with fewer and smaller fish and more frequent diseases and pests among marine organisms .
“ If we continue down this pathway we get into conditions which have no analog to anything we ’ve experienced , ” said Hoegh - Guldberg , director of the Global Change Institute at The University of Queensland .
Hoegh - Guldberg said oceans were the Earth ’s “ heart and lungs ” , producing half of the world ’s oxygen and absorbing 30 percent of man-made carbon dioxide .
“ We are entering a period in which the very ocean services upon which humanity depends are undergoing massive change and in some cases beginning to fail , ” said Hoegh - Guldberg .
“ Quite plainly , the Earth can not do without its ocean .
This is further evidence that we are well on the way to the next great extinction event . ”
More than 3.5 billion people depend on the ocean for their primary source of food and in 20 years this number could double , the report ’s authors say .
The world ’s climate has remained stable for several thousand years , but climate change in the past 150 years is now forcing organisms to change rapidly -- changes that through evolution would normally take a long time , said the report .
“ We are becoming increasingly certain that the world ’s marine ecosystems are approaching tipping points .
These tipping points are where change accelerates and causes unrelated impacts on other systems , ” said co-author marine scientist John F. Bruno at the University of North Carolina .
Last week , the head of the United Nations Environment Program , Achim Steiner , said it was crucial the world responded to the loss of coral reefs , forests and other ecosystems “ that generate multi-trillion dollar services that underpin all life - including economic life - on Earth ” .
The job of Patient Advocate came upon me uninvited .
I did not apply for this job , nor did I have any qualifications for it .
I am a sculptor , not a doctor or a researcher .
My daughter became sick with a mysterious fatigue illness and I was the obvious person to fill the job .
Learning the job of a PA unfolds over time and there is no instruction manual .
Certain ideas and thoughts can be transferred from former jobs and former lives , but much has to be learned from scratch .
It is helpful in doing the PA job if you have a lot of time and a lot of money , as the solution to this disease takes a great deal of both .
It would also be helpful to have an education in bio-chemistry , of which I have none .
The most important qualification that a Patient Advocate needs is persistence and discipline .
A PA also needs to remain objective and detached , even under the most extreme conditions .
Every Patient Advocate has a patient .
My patient is my daughter .
The objective of this particular Patient Advocate is to make his daughter better .
How to set about it is another matter , and turns out to be a complex and sustained set of illusive problems .
While most doctors look at a broad and confusing set of symptoms and try to attach treatments to an entire cohort of partially differentiated patients , the PA ’s problem is slightly different .
The Patient Advocate , by job definition , is obliged to help one person - in this case , his daughter - his patient .
Thus the PA is looking at one narrow and confusing set of symptoms , which makes his problem slightly easier .
Posted April 16th 2010 at 5:45 pm by gimantalon
DJ Premier & Pete Rock were sitting together for an interview when they had to do their show in Montreal , Canada .
A local radio station took their time to both interview them and I have off course the audio of that .
They talk about their upcoming projects , their secret project , InI , Guru , who ’s the best today in NY , the best places for hip hop outside USA , working with artists outside the USA and they had to define each other style in one word + giving top 3 of each other and some other games …
Props to Pete Rock for naming a fucking real top 3 of DJ Premier , damn !
Do n’t expect their project with 9th Wonder soon , at least next year if you hear what DJ Premier is going to release this year ( if he ’ll make it ) .
And Preems next European collaboration is with the France group Soulcast , somebody got more info of them ?
Could n’t find it .
Enjoy :
DJ Premier & Pete Rock Sits Together With CISM 89.3FM
Also : Erykah Badu quote on DJ Premier , Dr. Dre & J Dilla .
Today , San Mateo Superior Court Judge Clifford Cretan granted an application by the San Mateo County D.A. 's office to withdraw the controversial warrant it obtained to search the house of Gizmodo.com journalist Jason Chen .
Accordingly , " [ a ]ll items seized [ from Chen 's home ] shall be returned forthwith to Gizmodo.com and Jason Chen ... "
While the D.A. 's withdrawal of the April 23rd warrant is certainly a positive step , this likely is n't the end of the matter .
As EFF repeatedly noted at the time , the warrant - backed search of Chen 's home was illegal as it violated California Penal Code section 1524 ( g ) 's prohibition against the issuance of warrants for " unpublished information obtained or prepared in gathering , receiving or processing of information for communication to the public . "
As we pointed out , the police could ( for example ) attempt to subpoena the same material without running afoul of section 1524 ( g ) and still proceed with their case .
Web hosting
Our IONOS Web Hosting services are modular , meaning that you 're able to adapt them as your website grows .
If you just run one website , then the Essential package is your best choice .
You receive 10 GB of storage , 10 databases , and 10 email accounts , and a free domain for one year .
But what happens when traffic to your website grows and this package is n't enough anymore ?
Simply switch to the Business package , which allows for unlimited websites and gives you unlimited storage , unlimited databases , and 50 email accounts .
With IONOS , you can also cancel at any time , so there ’s no risk .
Domains
With IONOS , you can customize and structure your website using up to 10,000 subdomains .
You ’ll be spoiled for choice with the large number of extensions available , from the classic .com and .org domains to regional extensions like . boston and .nyc .
Do n't leave visitors guessing , use the industry - specific extensions like .engineering or . fashion to show visitors what your website 's about .
Check their availability on our site and then simply buy your perfect domain .
It only takes a few clicks to register and activate your domain .
Renewal is also automatic and easy !
MyWebsite
Do you want to launch a website but do n't have a developer on hand ?
This is where MyWebsite comes in .
With this website builder , IONOS provides you with a professional - looking website that you can adapt according to your needs , with no coding required .
In just a few clicks , you can build a website that fits your needs even if you do n't know the first thing about creating one yourself .
E-commerce
Want to sell products in your own online store ?
IONOS has the solution for you .
With our eCommerce Website Builder packages , you do n't need to be an IT expert to build the online store of your dreams .
IONOS provides you with ready - made stores that you can easily customize to showcase and sell your products .
You can display up to one million items .
And with our store management app on your smartphone , you can always keep an eye on your business no matter where you are .
Inventory management , deliveries , choice of payment methods , promotions on social networks , partnerships on sales platforms — there are so many options guaranteed to make your online store a success .
Email hosting
With IONOS , you can obtain email addresses that match your domain name , as well as different email addresses that correspond to the pages of your website .
By combining powerful email hosting and the latest versions of office and productivity apps like Microsoft 365 and G Suite , you 'll be set up for success .
These IONOS solutions guarantee you secure and high quality email hosting that is perfectly adapted to the needs of professionals .
Servers
IONOS scales to your needs .
From flexible Cloud servers where you pay for what you use with pay - per- minute billing , to dedicated servers with pay - per-use billing , full API control , load balancing and a deployment time of only eight minutes , to our virtual servers with full root access and API , you 'll find a server product that meets your expectations .
Furthermore , our newest servers meet the highest standards for energy efficiency and are recycled or recovered at the end of their service life .
" A piece that ten people care passionately about is worth more than a piece that 10,000 people do n't mind listening to . " -- Charles Rosen
= = = = = = =
" If sometimes our great artists have been the most critical of our society , it is because their sensitivity and their concern for justice , which must motivate any true artist , makes him aware that our Nation falls short of its highest potential .
I see little of more importance to the future of our country and our civilization than full recognition of the place of the artist . "
- John F. Kennedy
There are endless books and TV programmes that tell us that the period we have just lived through was the Age of Debt .
It was a time when debt was seen as good - an essential element of global stability .
And those who said that rising debt levels were dangerous were dismissed as doom - mongers .
Now they are " whistle - blowers "
These books and programmes also tell us how recently that idea - the belief that debt was good - came to dominate western societies .
Only 30 years ago going into debt was portrayed as not only dangerous but morally wrong .
But what no - one has explained is why there was this sudden change ?
Why did that attitude change so quickly ?
What drove it ?
There is a really interesting new book by an economist Raghuram Rajan called Fault Lines .
He argues that what led to the change was not just greedy banks , but growing social inequality in the West .
And - to put it crudely - when western governments were threatened by growing protests and dissatisfaction with this inequality , they simply bought the people off by giving them a mass of cheap money .
Raghuram Rajan has an extraordinary statistic .
That if you look at the the growth in real incomes between 1976 and 2007 , 58 % of it went to the top 1 % .
Faced with this , governments made a political choice .
Rather than reform society , they removed all restrictions , gave up on their moral disapproval , and allowed a system to be created by the bankers that let everyone borrow .
It was better to give in and allow the " little people " to borrow rather than let them keep on striking and threaten social order .
And what 's more you could make lots of money out of it .
I am intrigued by this argument because it is the first time I have seen someone take the financial crisis and put it in a political and historical perspective .
It explains how the machinery of credit was used politically to try and manage and retain control the structure of power in the world .
It was not a conspiracy , it was simply those in power taking the line of least resistance .
And it raises the question - if that system no longer works what will happen ?
The cheap money obscured massive growth in inequality and social stagnation .
Will the resentment and envy re-emerge , and how will politicians deal with that ?
I am researching this area , and I thought I would put up some of the films from the BBC archive from the time when there was moral disapproval by those in power of the " lower orders " wanting to " live beyond their means " .
The programmes are quite extraordinary and riveting in their tone of patrician sniffiness about people borrowing on the " Never Never " and Hire Purchase .
And not just from the bankers who are interviewed - it is also in the commentary .
But if you peer through that , you can see something else emerging in the ordinary people interviewed .
It is a powerful desire to borrow money - so they can have what those above them in society have .
The good life .
And beyond that there is a growing envy and resentment .
The first is a programme called Eye To Eye from 1958 .
It shows how back then everyone who wanted to borrow was investigated by this extraordinary organisation called the LAPT .
The reporter calls it the private FBI - and it even had its own secret agents that would check up on people in every town and village .
There is also the wonderful Mrs Harrison - the wife of a managing director - in her kitchen showing off everything she has bought on HP .
She looks just like Mrs Thatcher and she has a great food mixer .
In order to see this content you need to have both Javascript enabled and Flash installed .
Visit BBC
Webwise for full instructions .
If you 're reading via RSS , you 'll need to visit the blog to access this content .
This is a brief bit from a programme called Men and Money made in 1964 .
It 's a stockbroker talking about the " little people " who want to buy shares .
In just two minutes it shows how patronising and snobbish financial institutions used to be .
It begins with a great new device to protect money being transported around the City .
In order to see this content you need to have both Javascript enabled and Flash installed .
Visit BBC
Webwise for full instructions .
If you 're reading via RSS , you 'll need to visit the blog to access this content .
And here are three sections from a Man Alive made in 1968 called Beyond Their Means .
The interviews show just how much the televison - makers of that time , while claiming to be questioning and revolutionary , were in reality deeply involved in reinforcing the establishment attitudes of the time towards debt .
The first is a working class couple from South London and shows their weekly visit from the Tallyman .
The commentary and the reporter 's questions drip with a patronising snootiness - " Ca n't you make do with buying second hand furniture ? "
In order to see this content you need to have both Javascript enabled and Flash installed .
Visit BBC
Webwise for full instructions .
If you 're reading via RSS , you 'll need to visit the blog to access this content .
The next is an aspirational couple who are continually in debt .
The reporter again is brimming with disapproval because the couple are being reckless .
They are living beyond their means but they are n't poor .
Bad people .
But the couple - the husband especially - are amazing .
He is a fantastic character .
He borrows money he says as a protest against those around him who are richer .
" To fling away the pittance that I have is a protest . "
They show in extreme form the growing force of middle class aspiration and envy that Mrs Thatcher was going to harness ten years later .
He reveals that he has written to famous millionaires asking for more money .
One is Charles Clore who was a property developer who also owned Selfridges .
Another is Nubar Gulbenkian who was an oil magnate and a famous socialite in London in the 1950s and 60s .
In order to see this content you need to have both Javascript enabled and Flash installed .
Visit BBC
Webwise for full instructions .
If you 're reading via RSS , you 'll need to visit the blog to access this content .
And the third is an upper - class couple who own a stately home that is falling down around them .
Here the reporter treats them reverentially .
The couple are presented as morally and socially good .
They borrow because it is a duty to their country to keep their lifestyle and their house going .
Of course within 15 years TV - makers would switch sides and toe the new line on debt .
A wave of programmes would help create the new system of Universal Leverage - showing everyone how they could use their property and other assets to create a personal mountain of debt .
But that 's another story .
Blindfold a guy .. make him believe you just drove him to a really high place , watch him get his courage up .. adrenaline pumping .
To late to back out now .. take that final step .. how far will he fall ?
driver gets his truck stuck in the sand as the tide starts to come in
If you ever needed convincing that the world of American “ national security ” is well along the road to profligate lunacy , read the striking three - part “ Top Secret America ” series by Dana Priest and William Arkin that the Washington Post published last week .
When it comes to the expansion of the U.S. Intelligence Community ( IC ) , which claims 17 major agencies and organizations , the figures are staggering .
Here ’s just a taste : “ Twenty - four [ new intelligence ] organizations were created by the end of 2001 , including the Office of Homeland Security and the Foreign Terrorist Asset Tracking Task Force .
In 2002 , 37 more were created to track weapons of mass destruction , collect threat tips , and coordinate the new focus on counterterrorism .
That was followed the next year by 36 new organizations ; and 26 after that ; and 31 more ; and 32 more ; and 20 or more each in 2007 , 2008 , and 2009 .
In all , at least 263 organizations have been created or reorganized as a response to 9/11 . ”
More striking yet , the articles make clear ( admittedly a few years late ) that no one has a complete picture of the extent of the American intelligence quagmire -- from its finances ( announced at $ 75 billion but , the authors assure us , significantly higher ) to its geography , its output ( the 50,000 top - secret reports it churns out yearly that no one has time to read or track ) , its composition , or even its office space .
( “ In Washington and the surrounding area , 33 building complexes for top - secret intelligence work are under construction or have been built since September 2001 . ” )
And keep in mind that all of this and more was created not to keep track of or fight a series of covert wars with another major imperial power like the Soviet Union , but to track and hunt down a rag - tag terrorist outfit with a couple of thousand members , including modest - sized groups in countries like Yemen and small numbers of individual wannabe terrorists like the “ underwear bomber . ”
In much of this , as anyone who bothers to scan front - page headlines knows , the IC has been remarkably unsuccessful .
Such staggeringly out - of - control expansion should , of course , be a major scandal , but along with our constant wars , it ’s already so much a part of the new national security norm that the publication of the Post series is unlikely to have any significant effect .
All this has , in turn , been driven by Fear Inc .
To fuel its profitable if cancerous growth , it has vastly exaggerated the relatively minor and largely manageable danger of Islamic terrorism -- since 9/11 , above shark attacks but way below drunken - driving accidents -- among the many far more serious dangers this country faces .
If the IC actually worked as an effective intelligence delivery system , we would be a Mensa among states .
But how could such a proliferation of overlapping agencies and outfits , aided and abetted by a burgeoning privatized , mercenary version of the same , provide “ intelligence ” ?
With more than two - thirds of all intelligence programs militarized and overseen by the Pentagon , itself driven to paroxysms of spending and expansion since 2001 ( despite the fact that all major military challengers to the U.S. are long gone ) , labeling this morass “ intelligence ” should be considered a joke .
However absurd , though , do n’t expect any of those organizations or agencies to disappear any time soon .
They ’re ours for the duration .
It ’s into such national security institutional madness that Andrew Bacevich , author of the bestselling The Limits of Power , strides in his latest work , to be published this week , Washington Rules : America ’s Path to Permanent War .
It is the single best source for understanding how Washington came to garrison the planet , intervene regularly in distant lands , and turn war - making -- and not even successful war - making at that -- into an American norm .
It ’s simply a must - read .
Think of today ’s TomDispatch post as a little introduction to just a few of that book ’s themes .
( And while you ’re at it , catch Timothy MacBain ’s latest TomCast audio interview in which Bacevich discusses his new book by clicking here , or to download it to your iPod , here . )
Tom
“ In watching the flow of events over the past decade or so , it is hard to avoid the feeling that something very fundamental has happened in world history . ”
This sentiment , introducing the essay that made Francis Fukuyama a household name , commands renewed attention today , albeit from a different perspective .
The End of ( Military ) History ?
The United States , Israel , and the Failure of the Western Way of War By Andrew J. Bacevich
Developments during the 1980s , above all the winding down of the Cold War , had convinced Fukuyama that the “ end of history ” was at hand .
“ The triumph of the West , of the Western idea , ” he wrote in 1989 , “ is evident … in the total exhaustion of viable systematic alternatives to Western liberalism . ”
Today the West no longer looks quite so triumphant .
Yet events during the first decade of the present century have delivered history to another endpoint of sorts .
Although Western liberalism may retain considerable appeal , the Western way of war has run its course .
For Fukuyama , history implied ideological competition , a contest pitting democratic capitalism against fascism and communism .
When he wrote his famous essay , that contest was reaching an apparently definitive conclusion .
Yet from start to finish , military might had determined that competition ’s course as much as ideology .
Throughout much of the twentieth century , great powers had vied with one another to create new , or more effective , instruments of coercion .
Military innovation assumed many forms .
Most obviously , there were the weapons : dreadnoughts and aircraft carriers , rockets and missiles , poison gas , and atomic bombs -- the list is a long one .
In their effort to gain an edge , however , nations devoted equal attention to other factors : doctrine and organization , training systems and mobilization schemes , intelligence collection and war plans .
All of this furious activity , whether undertaken by France or Great Britain , Russia or Germany , Japan or the United States , derived from a common belief in the plausibility of victory .
Expressed in simplest terms , the Western military tradition could be reduced to this proposition : war remains a viable instrument of statecraft , the accoutrements of modernity serving , if anything , to enhance its utility .
Grand Illusions
That was theory .
Reality , above all the two world wars of the last century , told a decidedly different story .
Armed conflict in the industrial age reached new heights of lethality and destructiveness .
Once begun , wars devoured everything , inflicting staggering material , psychological , and moral damage .
Pain vastly exceeded gain .
In that regard , the war of 1914 - 1918 became emblematic : even the winners ended up losers .
When fighting eventually stopped , the victors were left not to celebrate but to mourn .
As a consequence , well before Fukuyama penned his essay , faith in war ’s problem - solving capacity had begun to erode .
As early as 1945 , among several great powers -- thanks to war , now great in name only -- that faith disappeared altogether .
Among nations classified as liberal democracies , only two resisted this trend .
One was the United States , the sole major belligerent to emerge from the Second World War stronger , richer , and more confident .
The second was Israel , created as a direct consequence of the horrors unleashed by that cataclysm .
By the 1950s , both countries subscribed to this common conviction : national security ( and , arguably , national survival ) demanded unambiguous military superiority .
In the lexicon of American and Israeli politics , “ peace ” was a codeword .
The essential prerequisite for peace was for any and all adversaries , real or potential , to accept a condition of permanent inferiority .
In this regard , the two nations -- not yet intimate allies -- stood apart from the rest of the Western world .
So even as they professed their devotion to peace , civilian and military elites in the United States and Israel prepared obsessively for war .
They saw no contradiction between rhetoric and reality .
Yet belief in the efficacy of military power almost inevitably breeds the temptation to put that power to work .
“ Peace through strength ” easily enough becomes “ peace through war . ”
Israel succumbed to this temptation in 1967 .
For Israelis , the Six Day War proved a turning point .
Plucky David defeated , and then became , Goliath .
Even as the United States was flailing about in Vietnam , Israel had evidently succeeded in definitively mastering war .
A quarter - century later , U.S. forces seemingly caught up .
In 1991 , Operation Desert Storm , George H.W. Bush ’s war against Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein , showed that American troops like Israeli soldiers knew how to win quickly , cheaply , and humanely .
Generals like H. Norman Schwarzkopf persuaded themselves that their brief desert campaign against Iraq had replicated -- even eclipsed -- the battlefield exploits of such famous Israeli warriors as Moshe Dayan and Yitzhak Rabin .
Vietnam faded into irrelevance .
For both Israel and the United States , however , appearances proved deceptive .
Apart from fostering grand illusions , the splendid wars of 1967 and 1991 decided little .
In both cases , victory turned out to be more apparent than real .
Worse , triumphalism fostered massive future miscalculation .
On the Golan Heights , in Gaza , and throughout the West Bank , proponents of a Greater Israel -- disregarding Washington ’s objections -- set out to assert permanent control over territory that Israel had seized .
Yet “ facts on the ground ” created by successive waves of Jewish settlers did little to enhance Israeli security .
They succeeded chiefly in shackling Israel to a rapidly growing and resentful Palestinian population that it could neither pacify nor assimilate .
In the Persian Gulf , the benefits reaped by the United States after 1991 likewise turned out to be ephemeral .
Saddam Hussein survived and became in the eyes of successive American administrations an imminent threat to regional stability .
This perception prompted ( or provided a pretext for ) a radical reorientation of strategy in Washington .
No longer content to prevent an unfriendly outside power from controlling the oil - rich Persian Gulf , Washington now sought to dominate the entire Greater Middle East .
Hegemony became the aim .
Yet the United States proved no more successful than Israel in imposing its writ .
During the 1990s , the Pentagon embarked willy - nilly upon what became its own variant of a settlement policy .
Yet U.S. bases dotting the Islamic world and U.S. forces operating in the region proved hardly more welcome than the Israeli settlements dotting the occupied territories and the soldiers of the Israeli Defense Forces ( IDF ) assigned to protect them .
In both cases , presence provoked ( or provided a pretext for ) resistance .
Just as Palestinians vented their anger at the Zionists in their midst , radical Islamists targeted Americans whom they regarded as neo-colonial infidels .
Stuck
No one doubted that Israelis ( regionally ) and Americans ( globally ) enjoyed unquestioned military dominance .
Throughout Israel ’s near abroad , its tanks , fighter - bombers , and warships operated at will .
So , too , did American tanks , fighter - bombers , and warships wherever they were sent .
So what ?
Events made it increasingly evident that military dominance did not translate into concrete political advantage .
Rather than enhancing the prospects for peace , coercion produced ever more complications .
No matter how badly battered and beaten , the “ terrorists ” ( a catch - all term applied to anyone resisting Israeli or American authority ) were n’t intimidated , remained unrepentant , and kept coming back for more .
Israel ran smack into this problem during Operation Peace for Galilee , its 1982 intervention in Lebanon .
U.S. forces encountered it a decade later during Operation Restore Hope , the West ’s gloriously titled foray into Somalia .
Lebanon possessed a puny army ; Somalia had none at all .
Rather than producing peace or restoring hope , however , both operations ended in frustration , embarrassment , and failure .
And those operations proved but harbingers of worse to come .
By the 1980s , the IDF ’s glory days were past .
Rather than lightning strikes deep into the enemy rear , the narrative of Israeli military history became a cheerless recital of dirty wars -- unconventional conflicts against irregular forces yielding problematic results .
The First Intifada ( 1987-1993 ) , the Second Intifada ( 2000 - 2005 ) , a second Lebanon War ( 2006 ) , and Operation Cast Lead , the notorious 2008 - 2009 incursion into Gaza , all conformed to this pattern .
Meanwhile , the differential between Palestinian and Jewish Israeli birth rates emerged as a looming threat -- a “ demographic bomb , ” Benjamin Netanyahu called it .
Here were new facts on the ground that military forces , unless employed pursuant to a policy of ethnic cleansing , could do little to redress .
Even as the IDF tried repeatedly and futilely to bludgeon Hamas and Hezbollah into submission , demographic trends continued to suggest that within a generation a majority of the population within Israel and the occupied territories would be Arab .
Trailing a decade or so behind Israel , the United States military nonetheless succeeded in duplicating the IDF ’s experience .
Moments of glory remained , but they would prove fleeting indeed .
After 9/11 , Washington ’s efforts to transform ( or “ liberate ” ) the Greater Middle East kicked into high gear .
In Afghanistan and Iraq , George W. Bush ’s Global War on Terror began impressively enough , as U.S. forces operated with a speed and élan that had once been an Israeli trademark .
Thanks to “ shock and awe , ” Kabul fell , followed less than a year and a half later by Baghdad .
As one senior Army general explained to Congress in 2004 , the Pentagon had war all figured out :
“ We are now able to create decision superiority that is enabled by networked systems , new sensors and command and control capabilities that are producing unprecedented near real time situational awareness , increased information availability , and an ability to deliver precision munitions throughout the breadth and depth of the battlespace …
Combined , these capabilities of the future networked force will leverage information dominance , speed and precision , and result in decision superiority . ”
The key phrase in this mass of techno - blather was the one that occurred twice : “ decision superiority . ”
At that moment , the officer corps , like the Bush administration , was still convinced that it knew how to win .
Such claims of success , however , proved obscenely premature .
Campaigns advertised as being wrapped up in weeks dragged on for years , while American troops struggled with their own intifadas .
When it came to achieving decisions that actually stuck , the Pentagon ( like the IDF ) remained clueless .
Winless
If any overarching conclusion emerges from the Afghan and Iraq Wars ( and from their Israeli equivalents ) , it ’s this : victory is a chimera .
Counting on today ’s enemy to yield in the face of superior force makes about as much sense as buying lottery tickets to pay the mortgage : you better be really lucky .
Meanwhile , as the U.S. economy went into a tailspin , Americans contemplated their equivalent of Israel ’s “ demographic bomb ” -- a “ fiscal bomb . ”
Ingrained habits of profligacy , both individual and collective , held out the prospect of long - term stagnation : no growth , no jobs , no fun .
Out - of - control spending on endless wars exacerbated that threat .
By 2007 , the American officer corps itself gave up on victory , although without giving up on war .
First in Iraq , then in Afghanistan , priorities shifted .
High - ranking generals shelved their expectations of winning -- at least as a Rabin or Schwarzkopf would have understood that term .
They sought instead to not lose .
In Washington as in U.S. military command posts , the avoidance of outright defeat emerged as the new gold standard of success .
As a consequence , U.S. troops today sally forth from their base camps not to defeat the enemy , but to “ protect the people , ” consistent with the latest doctrinal fashion .
Meanwhile , tea- sipping U.S. commanders cut deals with warlords and tribal chieftains in hopes of persuading guerrillas to lay down their arms .
A new conventional wisdom has taken hold , endorsed by everyone from new Afghan War commander General David Petraeus , the most celebrated soldier of this American age , to Barack Obama , commander - in - chief and Nobel Peace Prize laureate .
For the conflicts in which the United States finds itself enmeshed , “ military solutions ” do not exist .
As Petraeus himself has emphasized , “ we ca n’t kill our way out of " the fix we ’re in .
In this way , he also pronounced a eulogy on the Western conception of warfare of the last two centuries .
The Unasked Question
What then are the implications of arriving at the end of Western military history ?
In his famous essay , Fukuyama cautioned against thinking that the end of ideological history heralded the arrival of global peace and harmony .
Peoples and nations , he predicted , would still find plenty to squabble about .
With the end of military history , a similar expectation applies .
Politically motivated violence will persist and may in specific instances even retain marginal utility .
Yet the prospect of Big Wars solving Big Problems is probably gone for good .
Certainly , no one in their right mind , Israeli or American , can believe that a continued resort to force will remedy whatever it is that fuels anti-Israeli or anti-American antagonism throughout much of the Islamic world .
To expect persistence to produce something different or better is moonshine .
It remains to be seen whether Israel and the United States can come to terms with the end of military history .
Other nations have long since done so , accommodating themselves to the changing rhythms of international politics .
That they do so is evidence not of virtue , but of shrewdness .
China , for example , shows little eagerness to disarm .
Yet as Beijing expands its reach and influence , it emphasizes trade , investment , and development assistance .
Meanwhile , the People ’s Liberation Army stays home .
China has stolen a page from an old American playbook , having become today the preeminent practitioner of “ dollar diplomacy . ”
The collapse of the Western military tradition confronts Israel with limited choices , none of them attractive .
Given the history of Judaism and the history of Israel itself , a reluctance of Israeli Jews to entrust their safety and security to the good will of their neighbors or the warm regards of the international community is understandable .
In a mere six decades , the Zionist project has produced a vibrant , flourishing state .
Why put all that at risk ?
Although the demographic bomb may be ticking , no one really knows how much time remains on the clock .
If Israelis are inclined to continue putting their trust in ( American - supplied ) Israeli arms while hoping for the best , who can blame them ?
In theory , the United States , sharing none of Israel ’s demographic or geographic constraints and , far more richly endowed , should enjoy far greater freedom of action .
Unfortunately , Washington has a vested interest in preserving the status quo , no matter how much it costs or where it leads .
For the military - industrial complex , there are contracts to win and buckets of money to be made .
For those who dwell in the bowels of the national security state , there are prerogatives to protect .
For elected officials , there are campaign contributors to satisfy .
For appointed officials , civilian and military , there are ambitions to be pursued .
And always there is a chattering claque of militarists , calling for jihad and insisting on ever greater exertions , while remaining alert to any hint of backsliding .
In Washington , members of this militarist camp , by no means coincidentally including many of the voices that most insistently defend Israeli bellicosity , tacitly collaborate in excluding or marginalizing views that they deem heretical .
As a consequence , what passes for debate on matters relating to national security is a sham .
Thus are we invited to believe , for example , that General Petraeus ’s appointment as the umpteenth U.S. commander in Afghanistan constitutes a milestone on the way to ultimate success .
Nearly 20 years ago , a querulous Madeleine Albright demanded to know : “ What 's the point of having this superb military you 're always talking about if we can't use it ? ”
Today , an altogether different question deserves our attention :
What ’s the point of constantly using our superb military if doing so does n’t actually work ?
Washington ’s refusal to pose that question provides a measure of the corruption and dishonesty permeating our politics .
Andrew J. Bacevich is a professor of history and international relations at Boston University .
His new book , Washington Rules : America ’s Path to Permanent War , has just been published .
Listen to the latest TomCast audio interview to hear him discuss the book by clicking here or , to download to an iPod , here .
Copyright 2010 Andrew Bacevich
Credit cards appear to be the reverse Robin Hoods of the financial world .
A new paper from the Federal Reserve Bank of Boston says merchant fees and reward programs offered by many credit - card issuers essentially take money from those who have the least and give it to those who have the most .
The imbalance may have to be remedied via government intervention , the authors , Scott Schuh , Oz Shy and Joana Stavins , argued .
The paper was published as part of the bank ’s Public Policy Discussion Papers on Monday .
It comes amid big changes for the financial industry , as the nation ’s bank regulators look to implement newly passed oversight overhaul legislation , some of which is aimed at protecting consumers from unfair credit - card practices .
The paper said that on average , households that use cash for purchases give $ 151 to those households that use credit cards annually .
Meanwhile , card - using households get $ 1,482 from those who pay cash .
The paper calls this a “ regressive transfer ” of wealth .
At the heart of the issue is a lack of knowledge .
“ The typical consumer is largely unaware of the full ramifications of paying for goods and services by credit card , ” and is unaware how the fees merchants pay to offer payment by credit affects the setting of overall prices , the paper said .
While this system offers flexibility and options for card users , it simply raises prices for those who pay cash .
The paper notes that while the percentage of households using credit cards has been relatively steady at around 75 % , total consumer spending via cards has risen from 9 % to 15 % over the last two decades , increasing merchant fees .
The distortion of prices due to things like merchant fees is further exacerbated by the reward programs that are usually only available to those who spend more via credit cards , the researchers said .
The Boston Fed paper deemed its main contribution to the study of credit cards ’ impact the researchers ’ ability to sort out costs based on household income , going so far as to derive how much wealth is transferred between different groups .
The paper also asserts that credit - card issuers are n’t out to gouge those who are n’t using their services .
“ We do not allege or imply that banks or credit card companies have designed or operated the credit card market intentionally to produce a regressive transfer from low - income to high - income households , ” the paper said .
That said , the paper said there is room for policy makers to act .
“ Income inequality ” could merit “ policy intervention in the credit card market ” especially in light of the Fed ’s newfound power to regulate debit - card fees , coming as part of the regulatory overhaul laws .
The authors said regulators could mandate more openness about merchant fees , or merchants could be allowed to adjust prices based on whether payment comes via cash or credit .
Most credit cards now forbid that sort of pricing .
The researchers also said tax policies could help offset the imbalances faced by low - income households .
The Senate just approved an amendment to broader legislation that is expected to pass later today that would remove the requirement that the government sell warrants within 10 days after a bank withdraws from TARP .
The warrants were granted in connection with the original TARP funds .
The program required the Treasury to liquidate the warrants within 10 days by selling them back to the bank or to a third party .
Some banks had lobbied that Congress should extinguish the warrants , hoping to avoid the cost of buying them back from the government .
This seems a good compromise .
Instead of extinguishing the warrants , they can now simply be held until they are worth more .
Many of the warrants are currently underwater , and would be worthless if exercised today .
Matthew , one of my readers , wrote with a request — an odd one — for hot dog buns that are , “ just as strong as your brioche burger buns but not as rich or sweet and a little more manly . ”
I ’m usually not one who shies away from asking questions , but there are times when the fear of possible answers is far greater than the need for an explanation .
I thought about what he could have meant , and I feared the worst .
Manly hot dog buns ?
Manly hot dog buns ?
Hot dog buns that exude manliness ?
Hot dog buns that enhance your manliness ?
Hot dog buns that , uh , personify manliness ?
Luckily , before my imagination took me to too many places I did n’t want to go , Matthew sent another note clarifying his position .
“ By that I meant something that would go well with , you know , bratwursts , sausages , beer … , ” he said .
I let out a big sigh of relief .
My mind finally returned to the place where it belongs — a happy green meadow dotted with daisies where the sun always shines and everything is PG .
( Having said that , do n’t girls consume bratwursts , sausages , and beer , too ? )
As much as I wanted to insist those brioche hamburger buns , which I shared with you last year , are as good as sandwich buns get , I could understand where Matthew was coming from .
After all , if you remember , the brioche buns which many of you have tried and loved so much , are made from the dough designed to be the base of a sweet cream tart — the one by Nancy Silverton that made Julia Child cry on television .
So even though I do n’t feel the making / serving / eating of brioche is akin to wearing a pink polka dot tutu , I could imagine just what kind of buns Matthew was asking for .
In fact , when he mentioned bratwurst and beer , the first and only thing that came to mind was pretzel ( bretzel ) .
Pretzel hamburger buns or pretzel hot dog buns are n’t exactly new , but they could stand to be enjoyed more widely .
These buns have all the great qualities of soft - yet - chewy pretzels that we all love — of course since they ’re made from the same dough — and are strong enough to accommodate big , juicy sausages and burger patties with all the condiments .
Pretzel rolls are n’t supposed to be super - soft .
They ’re supposed to have some chewiness to them .
If you like your hamburger and hot dog buns soft , you want to stick with your regular buns or the kind of pretzel hamburger buns sold at some chain grocery stores that are regular buns in pretzel clothing , if you know what I mean .
So what kind of texture can we expect from these buns ?
They ’re not at all tough or rubbery , but they ’re not soft , light , or airy either .
If we put cheap , fluffy , wimpy store - brand hamburger / hot dog buns on one end of the spectrum and crusty , chewy rolls ( the kind that shreds the roof of your mouth ) on the other , I ’d say these pretzel hamburger and hot dog buns are right in the middle .
You press the former down with your hand hard , and they ’re immediately flattened under your palm ; you do the same with the latter and you will feel that they fight back as much as they can before collapsing .
Think yeast donuts versus bagels .
Regardless , does n’t perfectly - grilled bratwurst contentedly nestling in the warm embrace of a pretzel bun in one hand and an ice cold bubbly drink in the other sound like a very , very good thing ?
Yet , when was the last time you saw hot dogs , brats , or burgers served on these delicious buns at a neighborhood cookout ?
See those wrinkles ?
No worries .
They ’re all gone after the buns are baked .
I have a no-fail , foolproof pretzel recipe that is a result of a mashup of multiple recipes .
I ’ve refined it over the past 2 - 3 years , playing with different amounts of sugar , milk , and flour combinations until I came to feel that I ’ve got a really , really good recipe .
I would n’t change anything about it any more at this point .
However , with the main structure declared perfect , there ’s room for customization :
1 . If you like your pretzel buns crusty , bake them on a baking stone placed in the middle of the oven with a pan of hot water on another rack right underneath .
The combination of baking on a hot stone and hot steam in the oven helps create the shiny , crusty exteriors .
I do n’t like my pretzel rolls super crusty , so I bake them on a parchment - lined baking sheet .
2 . You can top your pretzel hamburger or hot dog buns with anything you want .
Think bagel toppings : poppy seeds , dried onion flakes , grated cheese , etc .
My top favorites are celery seeds and caraway seeds .
Also , of course , you can use pretzel salt .
Do n’t go crazy with the salt topping , though , as there ’s already some salt in the dough and the meat you serve with these buns may contain additional salt .
3 . Like good bagels , good - looking pretzel rolls sport the shiny brown color that is a result of being boiled in alkaline solution of water and either food - grade lye or good old baking soda .
The brownness you achieve with lye has a more “ professional look ” to it , but the buns which you ’re looking at in this post were boiled in plain water with added baking soda and they turned out not too shabby .
And you know that pretzel -y taste that you detect the moment you put a piece of hard pretzel on your tongue ( no , not the salt ) ?
You get that with either lye or baking soda .
So choose what works best for you .
4 . This recipe for pretzel hamburger and hot dog buns can also be used to make smaller , rounder pretzel rolls .
It , of course , can be used to make soft pretzels .
The total weight of the finished dough is approximately one kilogram or 2.2 pounds .
If you want to make smaller pretzel rolls ( great for sliders ! ) , divide the dough into 18 - 20 pieces .
For 6 - inch hot dog buns or 4 - inch hamburger buns , divide the dough into 8 pieces .
5 . Lastly , you can also use this very same dough and this very same method to make soft pretzels .
Instead of shaping each dough piece into a ball , form it into a rope and tie it into a pretzel knot .
Pretzel Hamburger Bun and Pretzel Hot Dog Bun Recipe
Makes 8 six - inch hot dog buns
OR 8 four - inch hamburger buns
Printable Version
For the dough :
6 fl. oz .
lukewarm water , divided
10 g active dry yeast
4 fl. oz .
lukewarm milk
80 g light or dark brown sugar
4 g salt
24 g butter , melted
480 g bread flour , plus more if needed
For the boiling liquid :
6 cups water
1/2 cup baking soda
For the toppings :
Grated cheddar cheese
Celery seeds
Caraway seeds
Pretzel salt
Dried onion flakes
Sesame seeds
Etc .
In a bowl of a stand mixer or a mixing bowl , mix together 4 fl. oz .
of warm water with the yeast and just a tiny pinch of brown sugar ; let the yeast bubble up .
This should take 6 - 8 minutes .
Add the remaining water as well as everything else , except the flour , into the yeast bowl ; mix with a machine equipped with a dough hook or by hand .
Slowly add the flour and mix ( medium - high ) / knead ( vigorously ) until you get a smooth , non -sticky dough .
Add more flour as needed , one tablespoon at a time .
( You want to err on adding too little instead of too much flour . )
This should take about 6 - 8 minutes with a stand mixer and 12 - 15 minutes if kneading by hand .
Form the dough into a large ball , cover with a towel , and let the dough rest for 15 minutes .
Cut the dough into 8 equal pieces ( or smaller — see post above for options ) .
To make a hot dog bun , shape a piece of dough into a 5 - inch log of approximately 1.5 inches in diameter with tapered ends .
Arrange the dough logs onto a parchment - lined baking sheet , leaving about 3 inches of space around each log .
To make a hamburger buns , shape a piece of dough into a ball , 3 inches in diameter , flatten it slightly with your palm .
Arrange each dough ball onto a parchment - lined baking sheet , leaving about 3 inches around each ball .
Cover the dough balls or logs with a towel ; let them rise for 30 minutes .
Once the dough has risen , preheat the oven to 400° F .
Put the water in a pot and bring it to a gentle boil .
Add the baking soda to the water .
You will see lots of bubbles ; that ’s okay .
Gently lift up each piece of dough , trying your best to keep the integrity of its shape .
Slowly plunge each piece of dough into the simmering liquid , “ pretty ” side first .
Boil one or two pieces of dough at a time , 20 seconds per side .
With a large slotted spoon , scoop the dough balls from the boiling liquid , shake off excess water , and gently place them on the same parchment - lined baking sheet , leaving about 3 inches of space between them .
With a sharp knife , or a dough slasher , make a cross on the top of each hamburger bun and 3 - 4 diagonal cuts on each hot dog bun .
Each slash should be about 1/4 inch deep .
Sprinkle the top of the unbaked pretzel buns with your topping (s ) of choice .
If you ’re baking your pretzel rolls on a cookie sheet , simply transfer the rolls on the cookie sheet to the oven rack , set in the middle of the oven .
If you ’re baking your pretzel rolls on a baking stone , sprinkle some cornmeal on the surface of the stone and arrange the rolls onto it , leaving about 3 - 4 inches between them .
Place a pan of hot water on a rack set right underneath the baking stone .
Bake for 20 - 30 minutes , depending on your baking method , or until the pretzel buns develop dark caramel color on the outsides .
Remove the buns from the oven and let them cool on a cooking rack , loosely covered with a kitchen towel .
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is to embark on a series of meetings with the forum of seven senior ministers in an effort to agree on a package of confidence - building measures aimed at convincing Palestinian Authority chairman Mahmoud Abbas to agree to direct negotiations with Israel .
Among the measures being considered , following U.S. and Palestinian requests , will be an end to IDF operations in a number of Palestinian cities in the West Bank .
Open gallery view Benjamin Netanyahu speaks to members of the Conference of Presidents of Major American Jewish Organizations in New York , on July 7 , 2010 .
Credit : Reuters
The confidence - building measures have the strong support of Defense Minister Ehud Barak and Intelligence and Atomic Energy Minister Dan Meridor , and are partially backed by Vice Premier Moshe Ya'alon .
However , Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman is opposed to any further goodwill gestures toward the Palestinians before the start of direct talks .
" We will not agree to any further payments , " Lieberman said during a meeting with Finland 's President Tarja Halonen last Wednesday .
During the meeting between Netanyahu and U.S. President Barack Obama on Tuesday at the White House , the American leader stressed that in addition to administration pressure on the Palestinians to agree to direct talks , the Israeli leader must prepare a package of measures that would broaden the presence of PA organs in the West Bank .
Obama noted during the meeting that Netanyahu had promised confidence - building measures toward the Palestinians after the Ramat Shlomo crisis in March , however , he did not provide any .
" Talk is not enough , acts are also needed , " Obama told Netanyahu .
The prime minister promised that such steps would be undertaken in the days or weeks ahead , and said so publicly during a press conference .
Following the meeting with the U.S. president , negotiations began between Israeli and American officials on a package of measures .
On Tuesday , Netanyahu met with Secretary of State Hillary Clinton in Washington and then with Special Envoy George Mitchell and his aides .
On Thursday morning , Mitchell and his aides visited Netanyahu at the Intercontinental Hotel in New York , to continue talks on a package of measures for the Palestinians .
All gestures of goodwill by Israel to date have been meant to bolster the government of Salam Fayyad in the West Bank and provide the PA with more authority in the area of security .
Senior Israeli officials say that the next package of measures will include the following :
1. Netanyahu is looking into the possibility of completely ending , or minimizing entirely the activities of the IDF in Palestinian cities in the West Bank .
The U.S. administration and the PA have described this issue as critical .
The aim is to enable Palestinian security forces to operate in Ramallah , Tul Karm , Jericho , Bethlehem , Salafit and Qalqilyah throughout the day without IDF interference .
2. Israel will enable the Palestinian police to broaden its activities beyond Area A , which is under PA security control .
They would be allowed to set up six new police stations in Area B , where the PA is currently responsible only for civilian affairs , and possibly also have some authority over civilian matters in Area C .
3. Israel will lift more road blocks in the West Bank .
4. Israel will transfer to Palestinian control a portion of land that is currently in Area C , under full Israeli control , in order to build a road connecting Ramallah and a new city currently in the planning stage , Rawabi .
In talks with the Americans , Israel demanded that the PA must also carry out confidence - building measures ahead of direct talks .
Obama accepted Israel 's argument partially , and would like to see an end of the anti-Israeli campaign on the diplomatic front that the PA is conducting at the UN and the International Court in the Hague .
It is still unclear what the Palestinian view of the package of measures is , and whether they will agree to direct talks as a result of these .
At the PM 's bureau , as well as the White House , the assessment is that a substantive package of measures will serve as a catalyst for direct talks in several weeks .
Commentary 08 Jul 2010 07:51 am
- About two weeks ago I started thinking about the state of animated short films .
This was the result of my viewing the most recent Pixar short , “ Day & Night ” .
This film had a lot of the problems most Pixar shorts have , and I came to realize that it ’s the same problem most shorts being made today have .
The word is sophomoric .
The stories , to my taste , are just too lacking in real intelligence .
Early shorts from Pixar seemed to be trying to advance their hardware ; for example , “ For the Birds ” was pushing the envelope on cgi rendering of feathers .
( As it turns out , this is one of their better short films ; the story is well written and timed . )
Later shorts from them are trying to push some other limit , but they just are not .
I ’m not concerned with the technique used in these films or the quality of the animation .
After all Pixar is paying millions of dollars for these tiny films ; they should be well animated , designed and produced .
And , for the most part , they are .
Pixar tags them onto a blockbuster effort like Toy Story 3 and is able to recoup the investment – something the average Independent will probably never do .
In this film , “ Day & Night ” , the two principal characters , drawn in 2D animation , are surrounded with a black matte .
The interior coloring of the characters is filled with computer animation images of day , for the first character , and night , for the second .
One is jealous of the other – until , of course , midnight passes and Day becomes Night , and vice versa .
Over the last minute or so , we ’re given some pompous narration to make it sound like it ’s an important theme and film .
The whole enterprise feels lifted from other , more original films done many years ago .
The only difference , really , is that this is in gorgeous 3D – a nice package .
“ Day & Night ” utilizes character designs that seem to come out of the groovy seventies .
This is a Hollywood version of Zagreb , which was a Yugoslavian variation of UPA , and the filmmakers try to attach a story that also feels redundant of some of those many seventies student films .
Teddy Newton , the director , seems to like the “ moderne ” style of animation .
His past directoral effort , Boys Night Out ( co- directed with Bert Klein ) , and his character designs all push toward what I call the CalArts style , an angular take on mid-Fifties animation styling .
Basically , to me , this style has nothing to do with art and all to do with regurgitating the work of other artists who reworked art .
It ’s all too intermural – there ’s nowhere for it to go .
I ca n’t just stop with this Pixar short ; many other shorts made recently have this same feeling as though they ’re pushing some limit .
In fact , what they ’re all doing is limiting themselves with the past history of animation , and not always the best animation .
When the Lasseter / Disney troupe decided to rework Goofy in a Hollywood short a couple of years ago with Goofy How to Hook Up Your Home Theater , to me there was more honor in the workman - like effort as they purposefully borrowed from some mediocre shorts .
It might have been a more complex effort had they tried doing a good Mickey short , but they pulled this film off .
Hundreds of short films are being made quickly via the new media .
We can see them all over YouTube these days .
Student films glut websites ; one or two of them actually are well - realized .
I just wish there were more concern for story .
More attention has to be paid to this part of the film ; it ’s more imortant than the animation , the design or the music .
Day &
Night makes me feel as though they started with the style and tried to work the story into it .
It really does n’t work on any intellectual level .
I wonder how many young people actually go about making their films this way .
Start with the look and the design , then wrap a story into it .
Yet , the reason to see a film has nothing to do with the design ; it ’s all about the story .
What do you have to tell me ?
Actually , I ’m not sure it ever was a better time for the short film .
It always seems to come down to one or two films , every year .
They dominate the market and Festivals everywhere ; those are the one or two films that create the conversations after those Festivals .
In fact , it ’s the one or two smart artists that come up with these shorts , and there will always be these infrequent artist among the many .
Here are a handful of random shorts and filmmakers ( off the top of my head ) I ’ve liked recently :
The House of Small Cubes by Yojiro Takita , was a beautifully constructed , animated and produced short that deserved its Oscar .
It gave us several ADULT themes that were finely developed and executed .
Skhizein by Jérémy Clapin was a well crafted film with an idea that , at first , seemed to clever for its own sake , but turned out to be a short piece of genius that held up viewing after viewing .
The use of cgi to creat a mix of flat and 3D surfaces just added to film ’s depth .
Andreas Hykade ‘s most recent short , Love and Theft , is a beautifully graphic free flowing paean to animation and linear art .
Like all other Hykade shorts it turns to rich primary colors that seem to be all his own style .
He seems to be entering the master class of animation film makers .
In Rains by David Coquard - Dassault , a sudden rainstorm initiates a lovely and poetic piece that simply gives us delicate images of those reacting to the weather .
It ’s so quiet , witty and original .
Aardman seems to have perfected the animated short film .
Their last Wallace & Gromit film was so well - tuned , one almost took it for granted .
Yet , in most of the shorts seen last year , this one stood out for extraordinarily high filmmaking standards .
Even their more experimental shorts , such as the The Pearce Sisters Directed by Luis Cook does 2D animation using cgi and creates a dark mood with simple and effective means .
All of their shorts are well written , well cut and intelligent ; always crafted at the highest possible caliber .
This includes every one of the films they ’ve done for television .
Pixar should study their films a little closer .
The Simon ’s Cat series by Simon Tofield are beautifully done shorts featuring the same cast , beautiful linear design and well animated characters .
The films are wordless , yet they all have a love of humanity and observation of the world around us that comes across as funny and touching , both at the same time .
These shorts are made using Flash , yet do n’t have that tedious cut - out feel of the tiresome pop from - pose - to - pose animation that the medium seems to engender .
Word is out that the next Pixar feature will also be preceded by a short .
Cars 2 will have a Toy Story short accompanying it .
How appropriate .
Hopefully , they ’ll get it right with the stable of characters the whole world loves .
Perhaps it ’ll give them the chance to show us what really happened to Bo Peep .
_________________
By the way , a good place to see shorts that are more challenging is at Ian Lumsden ’s Animation Blog .
It ’s worth paying attention .
The videos he features and analyzes often do n’t show up elsewhere .
A recent lernid is available for Trusty , Vivid , Wily , Xenial and Yakkety .
To install the upstream version on the above releases :
Add one of the PPA 's below and then install it with either
$ sudo aptitude install lernid
or use the Ubuntu Software Center
PPA : https:/ /launchpad .
net/~lernid- devs/+archive/ lernid- releases
------------
The #ubuntu - classroom is now inactive and #ubuntu - charlas has n't been used in quite a while either .
Nevertheless , Lernid can be used to easily review the irc chat logs of past classes .
It 's possible for other classrooms ( perhaps for low bandwidth parts of the world ) to be added to Lernid with a separate package which in turn depends on the lernid package .
Note :
If you want to suggest a new feature for Lernid , please register a blueprint instead of reporting a bug .
Radio Liberty
For over a decade , prior to his retirement , Dr. Monteith led a delegation of physicians from Santa Cruz County to the House of Delegates of the California Medical Association .
For 10 years he led the battle within organized medicine in California to address the AIDS epidemic as a medical issue rather than a civil rights issue .
As a result of his experiences trying to implement an effective medical approach to the HIV epidemic , he wrote the book , " AIDS : The Unnecessary Epidemic " , the widely circulated pamphlet , " To Deceive a Nation " , and more recently , " A Nation Deceived and Betrayed . "
Supported by physicians across our nation , his public health approach to the HIV epidemic was eventually accepted by the California Medical Association .
Unfortunately , powerful forces continue to oppose the dictates of doctors .
Dr Monteith currently spends five hours daily on talk radio , writes extensively , and lectures on geopolitics .
He has spent 30 years researching the causes for America 's spiritual and moral decline .
Radio Liberty Online
http://www.radioliberty.com/
Contact Radio Liberty
Radio Liberty
P.O. Box 969
Soquel , CA 95073
Click here to listen to the Radio Liberty Broadcast Live
Monday - Friday
7:00 - 8:00 PM EST
11:00 PM - 1:00 AM EST on the
Global Star Radio Network
Please choose your
preferred player Windows Media Winamp Real Player Mobile Devices
Since a health care overhaul “ was signed into law in late March , Republicans have regularly been challenged by Democrats to single out which portions of the statute they would target for repeal , according to their ‘ repeal and replace ’ mantra , ” Roll Call reports .
On Tuesday afternoon , a handful of Republican Senators answered that question , introducing a bill to scrap the Independent Payment Advisory Board created by the new health care law .
The board is charged with helping to control health care costs , and GOP critics say it will lead to the rationing of care .
It ’s unlikely to go anywhere , given that the Democratic majority controls the legislative calendar and President Barack Obama would be inclined to veto the bill .
“ America ’s seniors deserve the ability to hold elected officials accountable for the decisions that affect their Medicare , but IPAB would take that away from seniors and put power in the hands of politically appointed Washington bureaucrats , ” said the bill ’s author , National Republican Senatorial Committee Chairman John Cornyn ( Texas ) .
“ This bill to repeal IPAB is just one step toward starting over with real health care reform . ”
The narrative around the Mar. 26 sinking of the South Korean Navy Corvette Cheonan , and the death of 46 sailors , seems pretty straightforward : the ship was sunk by a North Korean ( DPRK ) torpedo .
That was the conclusion by a South Korean ( ROK ) panel of 47 military and military - research experts and three international representatives .
The only question left unanswered was the DPRK ’s motive , with fallout from an internal power struggle holding the inside track .
But two researchers from the University of Virginia and Johns Hopkins University are suggesting there may have been a rush to judgment , and that the evidence presented by the panel is deeply flawed .
Seunghun Lee , a professor of physics at Virginia , and J.J. Suh , an associate professor of Korean Studies at Johns Hopkins , have analyzed the findings of the Joint Civil - Military Investigation Group ( JIG ) and found them wanting .
The JIG concluded that the Cheonan was ripped in two by an external explosion from a North Korean torpedo , which ROK naval units recovered .
But according to Lee and Suh , those conclusions are “ riddled with such serious flaws as to render the JIG ’s conclusion unsustainable . ”
They even suggest that some of the X - ray data used to tie the torpedo to the explosion “ may have been fabricated . ”
Americans who watch television saw a sobering re-creation of the event in which an exploding torpedo ’s powerful bubble destroyed a similar sized ship .
But according to the two authors , the South Korean Navy has not been able to “ produce a bubble simulation consistent with the information presented in the JIG report . ”
The simulations run by the JIG instead show a bubble forming , striking the ship , deforming the hull , and making a small rupture , not tearing the ship in half .
According to the authors , “ If the bottom of the ship was hit by a bubble , it should show a spherical concave deformation resembling the shape of a bubble , as the JIG ’s own simulation suggests , but it does not . ”
Instead , the damage seems more consistent with a “ collision with a hard object . ”
What is also missing is any sign of what is called the “ pre-bubble shock wave , ” nor does internal damage and crew casualties appear to be consistent with those inflicted by a shock wave .
Lee and Suh also take issue with the chemical and X - ray analysis of the residue on the hull that the JIG found to be consistent with the chemical signature of an explosion caused by the recovered torpedo .
According to the authors , the “ critical evidence ” used by the JIG “ to link the Cheonan sinking to the alleged explosion of the torpedo is scientifically groundless and perhaps fabricated . ”
The two researchers also question the torpedo itself , and particularly a blue ink marking on the weapon spelling out “ Hangul “ in Korean .
The torpedo ’s deeply corroded surface is consistent with an explosion that would burn off the weapon ’s protective paint .
The only problem is that ink boils at a much lower point than paint , 150 degrees Celsius and 350 degrees Celsius respectively .
“ This inconsistency — the high heat tolerant paint was burnt but the low heat tolerant ink was not — cannot be explained and casts serious doubt on the integrity of the torpedo as ‘ critical evidence , ’ ” write the two authors .
“ While we emphatically note that our findings do not prove that North Korea did not do it , we conclude that the JIG has failed to prove that it did , ” the authors argue .
“ The seriousness of the inconsistencies in fact casts doubt not only on the validity of the JIG conclusions but also on the integrity of its investigation . ”
If North Korea did n’t sink the ship , who did ?
Maybe it was not a “ who but a “ what . ”
Some of the damage is consistent with a collision .
Is there damage that might indicate an internal explosion ?
The DPRK certainly has a history of doing provocative things , but part of that reputation comes from the relentless demonization of Pyongyang .
The North Koreans have always shown an affection for bombast , but they have been generally careful not to do something that would provoke a war .
It may turn out that the North Koreans did sink the Cheonan , but the evidence is hardly the slam - dunk it has been represented as in the media .
And doubts about the DPRK ’s guilt may well explain China ’s reluctance to join in the pile - on condemnations of Pyongyang , as well as for the careful wording of the recent United Nations resolution that condemned the incident but avoided assigning blame .
What is clear is that in - house investigations are always open to suspicion .
No matter what the Israeli ’s handpicked panel to investigate the attack on a Turkish ship comes up with , it will have no credibility outside of Israel .
Lee and Suh conclude that “ given the inconsistencies ” of the JIG investigation , the South Korean government should “ re-open the investigation and form a new , and more objective ” investigation .
“ The dead sailors deserve such a report .
So does the international community . ”
Visit Conn ’s blog , Dispatches from the Edge .
Quotes
" Every one of the standards according to which action is condemned demands action .
Although the dignity of persons is inevitably violated in action , this dignity would be far less recognized in the world than it is had it not been supported by actions such as the establishment of constitutions and the fighting of wars in defense of human rights .
Action must be untruthful , yet religion , science , philosophy , and the arts , the main forms of absolute fidelity to the truth , could not survive were they unsupported by action .
Action cannot but be anticommunal in some measure , yet communal relationships would be almost nonexistent without areas of peace and order , which are created by action .
We must act hesitantly and regretfully , then , but still we must act . "
( Glenn Tinder , The Political Meaning of Christianity : The Prophetic Stance [ HarperSanFrancisco , 1991 ] , 215 )
" [ T ]he press was still the last resource of the educated poor who could not be artists and would not be tutors .
Any man who was fit for nothing else could write an editorial or a criticism ....
The press was an inferior pulpit ; an anonymous schoolmaster ; a cheap boarding - school ; but it was still the nearest approach to a career for the literary survivor of a wrecked education . "
( Henry Adams , The Education of Henry Adams [ Mariner Books , 2000 ] , 211 )
" Mailer was a Left Conservative .
So he had his own point of view .
To himself he would suggest that he tried to think in the style of [ Karl ]
Marx in order to attain certain values suggested by Edmund Burke . "
( Norman Mailer , The Armies of the Night [ The New American Library , 1968 ] , 185 )
" All those rely on their hands , and each is skillful at his own craft .
/
Without them a city would have no inhabitants ; no settlers or travellers would come to it .
/
Yet they are not in demand at public discussions , nor do they attain to high office in the assembly .
They do not sit on the judge 's bench or understand the decisions of the courts .
They cannot expound moral or legal principles and are not ready with maxims .
/
But they maintain the fabric of this world , and the practice of their craft is their prayer . "
( Ecclesiasticus ( Sirach ) 38:31 - 34 , in The Revised English Bible with the Apocrypha [ Oxford University Press , 1989 ] )
" The tendency , which is too common in these days , for young men to get a smattering of education and then think themselves unsuited for mechanical or other laborious pursuits is one that should not be allowed to grow up among us ...
Every one should make it a matter of pride to be a producer , and not a consumer alone . "
( Wilford Woodruff , Millennial Star [ November 14 , 1887 ] , 773 )
" We are parts of the world ; no one of us is an isolated world - whole .
We are human beings , conceived in the body of a mother , and as we stepped into the larger world , we found ourselves immediately knotted to a universe with the thousand bands of our senses , our needs and our drives , from which no speculative reason can separate itself . "
( J.G. Herder , Metacritique of the Critique of Pure Reason in Werke in zehn Bänden [ Deutsche Klassiker Verlag , 1985 - 2000 ] , 8:508 , translated by Sonia Sikka )
" ' Business ! ' cried the Ghost , wringing its hands again .
' Mankind was my business .
The common welfare was my business ; charity , mercy , forbearance , and benevolence , were all my business .
The dealings of my trade were but a drop of water in the comprehensive ocean of my business ! ' "
( Charles Dickens , A Christmas Carol [ Candlewick Press , 2006 ] , 35 )
" The Master said , ' At fifteen , I set my mind upon learning ; at thirty , I took my place in society ; at forty , I became free of doubts ; at fifty , I understood Heaven 's Mandate ; at sixty , my ear was attuned ; and at seventy , I could follow my heart 's desires without overstepping the bounds of propriety . ' "
( Confucius , Analects [ translated by Edward Slingerland , Hackett , 2003 ] , 2.4 )
" Lack of experience diminishes our power of taking a comprehensive view of the admitted facts .
Hence those who dwell in intimate association with nature and its phenomena grow more and more able to formulate , as the foundations of their theories , principles which admit a wide and coherent development : while those whom devotion to abstract discussions has rendered unobservant of the facts are too ready to dogmatize on the basis of a few observations . "
( Aristotle , On Generation and Corruption [ translated by H.H. Joachim , Oxford , 1922 ] , lines 316a5 - 9 )
" The man who has gone through college or university easily becomes psychically unemployable in manual occupations without necessarily acquiring employability in , say , professional work . "
( Joseph Schumpeter , Capitalism , Socialism , and Democracy [ Harper Perennial , 1975 ] , 152 )
" [ God ] does not want men to give the Future their hearts , to place their treasure in it .
. . .
His ideal is a man who , having worked all day for the good of posterity ( if that is his vocation ) , washes his mind of the whole subject , commits the issue to Heaven , and returns at once to the patience or gratitude demanded by the moment that is passing over him . "
( C.S. Lewis , The Screwtape Letters , revised paperback edition [ Macmillan , 1982 ] , 69 )
" Money is simply a tool .
We use money as a proxy for our time and labor - - our life energy -- to acquire things that we cannot ( or care not to ) procure or produce with our own hands .
Beyond that , it has limited actual utility : you can't eat it ; if you bury it in the ground , it will not produce a crop to sustain a family ; it would make a lousy roof and a poor blanket .
To base our understanding of economy simply on money overlooks all other methods of exchange that can empower communities .
Equating an economy only with money assumes there are no other means by which we can provide food for our bellies , a roof over our heads and clothing on our backs . "
( Shannon Hayes , Radical Homemakers , [ Left to Write , 2010 ] , 57 )
" Was du ererbt von deinen Vätern hast , / Erwirb es , um es zu besitzen .
/
Was man nicht nützt , ist eine schwere Last ; / Nur was der Augenblick erschafft , das kann er nützen . "
" What from your fathers you received as heir , / Acquire [ anew ] if you would possess it .
/
What is not used is but a load to bear ; / But if today creates it , we can use and bless it . "
( Johann Wolfgang Goethe , Faust [ translated by Walter Kaufmann , Anchor Books , 1963 ] , lines 682-685 )
" A scholar 's business is to add to what is known .
That is all .
But it is capable of giving the very greatest satisfaction , because knowledge is good .
It does not have to look good or even sound good or even do good .
It is good just by being knowledge .
And the only thing that makes it knowledge is that it is true .
You can't have too much of it and there is no little too little to be worth having .
There is truth and falsehood in a comma . "
( Tom Stoppard [ spoken by A.E. Houseman ] , The Invention of Love [ Grove Press , 1997 ] , 37 )
" I believe in democracy .
I accept it .
I will faithfully serve and defend it .
I believe in it because it appears to me the inevitable consequence of what has gone before it .
Democracy asserts the fact the masses are now raised to a higher intelligence than formerly .
All our civilization aims at this mark .
We want to do what we can to help it .
I myself want to see the result .
I grant that it is an experiment , but it is the only direction society can take that is worth its taking ; the only conception of its duty large enough to satisfy its instincts ; the only result that is worth an effort or a risk .
Every other possible step is backward , and I do not care to repeat the past .
I am glad to see society grapple with issues in which no one can afford to be neutral . "
( Henry Adams , Democracy : An American Novel [ Farrar , Straus , and Young , Inc. , 1952 ] , 53 )
Abstract
This document is the second edition of version 1.1 of XHTML Modularization , an abstract modularization of XHTML and implementations of the abstraction using XML Document Type Definitions ( DTDs ) and XML Schemas .
This modularization provides a means for subsetting and extending XHTML , a feature needed for extending XHTML 's reach onto emerging platforms .
This specification is intended for use by language designers as they construct new XHTML Family Markup Languages .
This specification does not define the semantics of elements and attributes , only how those elements and attributes are assembled into modules , and from those modules into markup languages .
This update includes several minor updates to provide clarifications and address errors found in version 1.1 .
Status of This Document
This section describes the status of this document at the time of its publication .
Other documents may supersede this document .
A list of current W3C publications and the latest revision of this technical report can be found in the W3C technical reports index at http://www.w3.org/TR/.
This document is a W3C Recommendation .
It supersedes the previous edition of XHTML Modularization 1.1 .
It reflects minor corrections to ensure consistency among various markup languages that rely upon XHTML Modularization .
Most significant among these are :
Changing the datatype of the class attribute so that it permits an empty value - historically the class attribute was permitted to be empty .
Moving the name attribute for the form and img elements out of the legacy module and into their base modules - this attribute is required for some scripting constructs .
Changing the datatype for the usemap attribute from IDREF to URIREF - most user agents require that map references be relative URIs that are local to the document .
Due to the nature of XHTML Modularization , the decision to advance to Proposed Edited Recommendation did not involve new implementation information .
Previous implementation experience is documented at http://www.w3.org/MarkUp/2008/xhtml-m12n-11-implementation.html.
A version that shows the specific changes from that Recommendation is available in diff - marked form .
A disposition of comments document is available .
This document has been reviewed by W3C Members , by software developers , and by other W3C groups and interested parties , and is endorsed by the Director as a W3C Recommendation .
It is a stable document and may be used as reference material or cited from another document .
W3 C's role in making the Recommendation is to draw attention to the specification and to promote its widespread deployment .
This enhances the functionality and interoperability of the Web .
Members of the public are invited to send comments on this Recommendation to www-html-editor@w3.org ( archive ) .
It is inappropriate to send discussion email to this address .
Public discussion may take place on www-html@w3.org ( archive ) .
This document has been produced by the W3C XHTML 2 Working Group as part of the HTML Activity .
The goals of the XHTML 2 Working Group are discussed in the XHTML 2 Working Group charter .
This document was produced by a group operating under the 5 February 2004 W3C Patent Policy .
W3C maintains a public list of any patent disclosures made in connection with the deliverables of the group ; that page also includes instructions for disclosing a patent .
Quick Table of Contents
Full Table of Contents
A former fighter in Iran 's Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps ( IRGC ) turned US spy offered a rare glance into one of the most complex countries in the Middle East .
During a conference held at The Washington Institute for Near East Policy on Friday , Reza Kahlili ( pseudonym ) estimated that Iran will eventually attack Israel , Europe and the Persian Gulf states .
He called for a preemptive strike on the regime in Tehran , but not on the Iranian people or the country 's infrastructure .
Official Visit Iran says US must state position on Israeli nukes Reuters Ahmadinejad received with open arms in Nigeria , but also criticized there for his Holocaust denial .
Iranian president responds , ' Palestinians committed no crime in WWII ; why should Israel occupy them ? ' and says US stance on Israeli nukes precondition for nuclear talks with West Iran says US must state position on Israeli nukes
Kahlili accused the Obama Administration of being naïve .
According to him , the American overtures are viewed by the Iranian regime as a sign of weakness , while the Iranian people consider the efforts to engage the regime an act of betrayal against their struggle for freedom .
Click here to listen to Kahlili speak at conference
" This is a messianic regime .
There should be no doubt – they are going to commit the most horrendous suicide bombing in human history .
They will attack Israel , European capitals , and ( the ) Persian Gulf region at the same time , " said Kahlili in one of his first public appearances to promote his new book " A Time To Betray : The Astonishing Double Life of a CIA Agent inside the Revolutionary Guards of Iran " .
Kahlili said he joined the Revolutionary Guard following the Islamic revolution of 1979 , but volunteered to work for the CIA when he became disillusioned with the Khomeini regime after witnessing acts of rape , torture and murder .
Kahlili , arrived at the conference wearing a surgical mask , sunglasses and a baseball cap to conceal his identity .
Out of concern for his safety , as well as that of his family inside Iran , his voice was also disguised .
For 10 years , under the code name " Wally , " he relayed the secret operations of the IRGC back to American intelligence , eventually fleeing to the United States .
In the aftermath of 9/11 , Kahlili reestablished contact with his sources in Iran and began once again providing information to the CIA , according to the Washington Institute .
Paraphrasing Piers Cawley talking about why to give up Ruby for Perl ( paraphrased ) :
This is assembly language for calling a function :
push address of RETURN on stack push $ argument on stack get address of FUNC goto FUNC RETURN : pop return value off of stack
This is Perl 5 for calling a function :
func( $argument ) ;
That 's all well and good .
This is assembly language for entering a function :
pop parameter from stack verify parameter type constraints ...
This is Perl 5 for entering a function :
sub func { my $ parameter = shift ; die ' Wrong type ' unless $ parameter ->isa ( ' Whatever ' ) ; ... }
... but would n't it be nice if :
sub func( Whatever $ parameter ) { ... }
( No new insight here , but directly prior to this talk , Damian Conway and I talked about how Perl 6 signatures simplify much , much more code than this simple example illustrates .
Lots of code goes away .
The commission probing allegations that the Justice Department wrongly abandoned a case against the New Black Panther Party has formally called for a federal investigation into claims that the department 's Civil Rights Division will not pursue black defendants .
In a letter sent Wednesday to Assistant Attorney General Thomas Perez , the chairman of the bipartisan commission said testimony last week from an ex-Justice official raised " grave questions " about whether the division is " color blind " in its enforcement of the law .
" This testimony raised serious concerns as to whether the Civil Rights Division 's enforcement policies are being pursued in a race - neutral fashion and further calls into question the department 's decision to change course in the New Black Panther Party litigation , " Chairman Gerald Reynolds wrote .
Former Justice attorney J. Christian
Adams testified last week before the commission that his former employer not only abandoned the Black Panther voter intimidation case for racial reasons , but had instructed attorneys in the division to ignore cases that involve black defendants and white victims .
Perez told the panel in May to bring any such claims " to our attention " if there 's evidence -- Reynolds wrote Wednesday that in light of the testimony , the Justice Department should follow up .
Reynolds also voiced concern about the Justice Department 's " intransigence " in providing witnesses to testify and urged the department to allow former voting section chief Christopher Coates to appear before the panel .
Adams repeatedly said last week that Coates ' testimony would be critical to the investigation .
The probe stems from an incident on Election Day in 2008 in Philadelphia , where members of the New Black Panther Party were videotaped in front of a polling place dressed in military - style uniforms and allegedly hurling racial slurs while one brandished a night stick .
The Bush Justice Department brought the first case against three members of the group , accusing them in a civil complaint of violating the Voter Rights Act .
The Obama administration initially pursued the case , winning a default judgment in federal court in April 2009 when the Black Panther members did not appear in court .
But then the administration moved to dismiss the charges the following month after getting one of the New Black Panther members to agree to not carry a " deadly weapon " near a polling place until 2012 .
Malik Zulu Shabazz , chairman of the party , told Fox News last week that the actions caught on video " were outside of organizational policy " and that the party does not " condone " the behavior .
But he said the issue was being " overblown . "
The Justice Department said in a statement last week that the Civil Rights Division determined " the facts and the law did not support pursuing claims " against the two other defendants and denied Adams ' allegations .
ANOTHER EPIC MMJ RUN ?
WHY NOT !
New York City ’s Terminal 5 will be presenting a historic five night run of shows in which My Morning Jacket will perform one of their full - length albums in its entirety each night , along with additional songs and covers from each album ’s time period .
Tickets for the shows go on pre-sale on June 14th , with 5 - show ticket packages available to fans .
The individual shows will go on sale to the public on Friday , June 18th .
For ticket and show information , click here .
Performance Schedule
Monday , October 18 : The Tennessee Fire
Tuesday , October 19 : At Dawn
Thursday , October 21 : It Still Moves
Friday , October 22 : Z
Saturday , October 23 : Evil Urges and beyond !
A little taste to whet the appetite …
REESE — Vassar ’s Judy M. Neblock said she ’ll spend the coming months trying to reverse the damage she claims has been done by one of her fellow Tuscola County residents — Reese ’s Mark Steffek .
Neblock claims Steffek , head of the “ Tea Party ” of Michigan , is leader of a fake political party hoping to get candidates on the Nov. 2 ballot to siphon votes away from Republicans .
Steffek , 56 , a retired Delphi Corp. employee named on filing papers as the president of the Tea Party , is “ trying to sham the voters , ” said Neblock , 64 , co-founder of the Vassar - based Western Thumb TEA Party Group , an acronym for Taxed Enough Already .
The Saginaw News could not reach Steffek for comment .
A news release given to a reporter by his wife , Sue Sheppard - Steffek , calls his party “ a grassroots movement that belongs to everybody who wants to take our government back . ”
On July 14 , officials at the Michigan Secretary of State ’s office said the Tea Party turned in about 59,000 signatures in its bid to gain ballot access for its candidates .
The state Board of Canvassers will evaluate the petitions to see if they bear the required 38,013 signatures of Michigan registered voters for a new political party to appear on the ballot .
Secretary of State spokeswoman Kelly Chesney said the Board of Canvassers must make that determination by Sept. 3 .
Neblock said her group — one of dozens of groups belonging to the Michigan Tea Party Alliance — is a true grassroots “ conservative ” group .
She said Steffek ’s party is a fake conservative organization hoping to trick voters into casting ballots for pretend conservatives , drawing votes away from Republicans who would have received those votes .
The logo of the Tea Party led by Steffek ballot depicts a rattlesnake coiled and ready to strike , with the words “ DON ’T TREAD ON ME ” below the reptile .
The logo is the same as that on the Gadsden flag , a historical American flag that Neblock said is a flag symbolizing the real TEA Party movement .
“ They ’ve even stolen our flag from us , and ( Steffek ) has n’t said how he financed the collection of all those ( 59,000 ) signatures , at a cost of about $ 120,000 , ” Neblock said .
State Sen. Cameron S. Brown , a Republican candidate for secretary of state , calls the Tea Party attempt to get its candidates on the ballot a “ dirty trick . ”
Sheppard - Steffek said her husband worked for 34 years in the automotive industry before retiring in 2006 from Delphi .
She said he graduated in 1972 from Akron - Fairgrove High School , where he captained the football , basketball and baseball teams his senior year , and also ran track .
The Tea Party ’s mailing address is a post office in the small Tuscola County town of Richville , two miles from Reese .
A party press release states the party platform is “ No more bailouts of big banks , no more wasting taxpayer money and no more North American Free Trade Agreements . ”
According to a news release , the party held its convention July 24 in Saginaw , nominating 23 candidates whose names could appear on the Nov. 2 ballot if the party ’s petition signatures are deemed sufficient by the Board of Canvassers .
Those nominated include Lonnie L. Snyder of Kawkawlin for U.S. representative in the 1st District , and Frantt V. Whitehill , with a Midland Post Office box as an address , for state senator in the 36th District .
William R. Hard , with a Freeland post office box as an address , is listed as a nominee for the University of Michigan ’s Board of Regents .
Both Brown and Neblock allege creation of the Tea Party in Michigan is a move made in desperation by Democrats , though state Democratic Party leaders have denied any involvement .
“ The ( Nancy ) Pelosis and the Obamas and the ( Harry ) Reids of this world are not happy about what they see coming to them in the fall , which is a natural response to them failing to listen to ‘ We the People , ’ ” Neblock said .
Neblock said voters “ were duped into signing ” petitions from the Tea Party .
“ They thought they were signing for the real TEA Party , ” Neblock said .
If the state Board of Canvassers deems the Tea Party petition sufficient by Sept. 3 , the party would be the first to gain Michigan ballot access in 10 years .
Neblock said members of the real TEA Party conservative movement will try to spread the word before Nov. 2 that the Tea Party is a fake .
“ The people who know what the real TEA Party movement is all about will not be fooled , ” Neblock said , “ but there are voters out there who are still asleep and do n’t inform themselves .
That 's not all , though .
Hurtubise , 41 , said the device detects stealth technology .
And he 's done the tests to prove it , with the covert help of scientists at the famed Massachusetts Institute of Technology , Hurtubise said .
If that 's not enough , Hurtubise also said the French government sent representatives to North Bay to witness a demonstration of the Angel Light .
Hurtubise said the reps were so impressed with the eight - foot long device they paid him $ 40,000 in cash to put the finishing touches on it .
New Universe
The French , Hurtubise adds , have also agreed to pay him a substantial amount of money for the technology if it passes rigorous tests in France .
They could n't believe what they saw " , Hurtubise told BayToday.ca .
" One of them told me it was as if I 'd discovered a new universe " .
Gary Dryfoos , a consultant and former long - time instructor at MIT , said " there 's a Nobel Prize " for Hurtubise if the Angel Light really performs as described .
" There are laws of physics waiting to be written for what he 's talking about , " Dryfoos said .
The French are n't the only ones interested in Hurtubise 's innovations .
BayToday.ca has obtained documentation confirming that the former head of Saudi counter - intelligence , who asked that his name not be used , has been in regular contact with Hurtubise regarding the Angel Light , fire paste , and the Light Infantry Military Blast Cushions ( LIMBC ) .
Ultra-Wideband Technology
While Hurtubise 's claims appear , on the surface , to strain credulity , he has now placed himself miles ahead in the quest by high - tech companies to invent something that will do the same thing .
Motorola Inc. for example , has set its sights on emerging technology that could allow first responders and Special Forces to see through building walls , the Washington Technology Web site reports .
Camero Inc. , an Israeli firm founded by technology and intelligence veterans , received $ 5 million from Motorola and other investors to develop portable imaging radar that uses ultra- wideband technology to create a 3 - D picture of objects that are concealed by walls or other barriers .
Plasma Light
Three units make up the Angel Light .
The main unit , which Hurtubise calls the centrifuge , contains the Angel Light 's brains and includes black , white , red and fluorescent light sources , as well as seven industrial lasers .
The second unit , or the deflector grid , contains a large circle of optical glass , a microwave unit and plasma intermixed with carbon dioxide .
The third unit contains eight plasma light rods , CO2 charges , industrial magnets , 108 mirrors , eight ionization cells , industrial lights , and other components Hurtubise chooses to remain tight - lipped about .
Just A Dream
Hurtubise said the Angel Light has cost $ 30,000 to build he sold percentages of his other innovations to finance it as well as 800 to 900 hours of his time .
He credits his subconscious with the idea .
" I had a dream about a year and a half ago as I do for most of my innovations , just a dream , and I saw it , saw the whole casing and everything , and I saw what it could do " , Hurtubise said .
" I had the same dream about that three times and by the third time I had it in my head and I started to build it " .
Through The Wall
Troy dreamed the Angel Light would be able to see through walls with window - like efficiency , and then built it with no blueprints , drawings or schematics .
" I turned it on --- that was well over a year --- and it worked and it was really awesome " .
Hurtubise said he could see into the garage behind his lab wall , and read the licence plate on his wife 's car and even see the salt on it .
" I almost broke my knuckles three or four times , because it was almost like you could step through the wall , " Hurtubise said .
" You could be fooled into believing that you could actually walk through the wall and go touch the car . "
Across The Border
Hurtubise called his MIT contacts with news of what he'd done .
" They told me that I was playing with electromagnetism " , Hurtubise said .
The conversation ultimately led to the discovery of the Angel Light 's other startling properties .
Hurtubise said " somebody from MIT " shipped him an eight - inch by eight - inch piece of panelling from the latest Comanche helicopter , which was built using radar - resistant stealth technology .
" It 's amazing what you can get across the border on a Greyhound bus " , Hurtubise said .
Pick it up
Hurtubise was instructed to set up an outdoor track , which he did on First Nations land .
He attached the panel piece to a remote control car that went down the track .
Hurtubise then aimed the Angel Light at the panel and turned on a radar gun .
" I was able to pick it up the panel on the radar gun " , he said .
Stopped working
But a strange thing happened to the car , once it was hit by the Angel Light beam : it stopped working .
Hurtubise returned to his lab and began testing the Angel Light on other electronic items including portable radios , TVs and a microwave over .
" They all stopped working " , Hurtubise said .
He duly reported this to his MIT contacts .
" They said ' Troy , this is unbelievable . ' "
To the Ground
Hurtubise purchase a remote - control plane for $ 1,800 and took it and the Angel Light to a flying field on the way to Powassan .
He directed the Angel Light beam toward the sky and started the plane flying .
" On the first loop it came around , passed through the beam of light and fell right to the ground " , Hurtubise said .
Peeled It Back
Hurtubise continued testing the light on other materials and discovered it could also see through other metals including steel , tin , titanium and , unlike Superman , lead .
As well the beam also penetrated ceramic and wood .
Then Hurtubise put his hand in the light beam .
" I could see my blood vessels , muscles , everything , like I 'd taken an Exacto knife , cut into my skin and peeled it back " , Hurtubise said .
Bad Stuff
Soon after , Hurtubise discovered the Angel Light had devilish side - effects .
He lost feeling in the finger of the exposed hand and began suffering an overall malaise .
" MIT told me every time I turned it on there must have splash - back hitting me " , Hurtubise said .
A test on a tank of goldfish was even more disturbing .
" I turned the beam on it and within minutes all the goldfish died " , Hurtubise said .
" That 's when I realized there was a Hyde effect , as in Jekyll and Hyde , and I dismantled the whole thing .
Walked On Water
He did n't reassemble it until the French called him after seeing a Discovery Channel program about the LIMBC .
Hurtubise believes the Hyde effect can be taken out , but by others who have far more expertise than him .
In the meantime Hurtubise believes that after 17 years inventing , his ship may finally have come in with France .
" My brother told me the only way I 'd be able to sell any of my innovations is by walking on water , " Hurtubise said .
" Well , I think I 've just walked on water . "
Dr Toby Driver , of the Royal Commission on the Ancient and Historical Monuments of Wales and Dr Jeffrey Davies , formerly of Aberystwyth University , had previously excavated at the nearby Trawscoed Roman fort , which had been abandoned by AD 130 .
Seattle Ã¢â‚¬â€ Five Stryker Brigade soldiers from Joint Base Lewis- McChord killed three civilians in separate incidents in Afghanistan ’s Kandahar Province earlier this year , according to charging documents released Wednesday by the Army .
The Army says all three victims were shot and two of them were also hit by grenades .
All five soldiers have been charged with premeditated murder in the killings .
Two are also accused of assault , and another is charged with seeking to destroy evidence .
All are assigned to B Company , 2nd Battalion , 1st Infantry Regiment , 5th Stryker Brigade Combat Team , 2nd Infantry Division .
ADVERTISEMENT
The Army did not indicate a motive .
The brigade , which made its first deployment to Afghanistan in July , has seen heavy fighting against Taliban insurgents and has suffered 33 combat deaths .
Two other soldiers have died of illness and another in a vehicular accident .
The three civilians killed near the Army ’s Forward Operating Base Ramrod in southern Afghanistan are identified as Gul Mudin , who died in January ; Marach Agha , killed on or about Feb. 22 ; and Mullah Adahdad , killed on or about May 2 .
Officials at Lewis- McChord said Pvt. 1st Class Andrew Holmes , 19 , of Boise , Idaho ; Spc. Michael Wagnon II , 29 , of Las Vegas ; and Spc. Adam Winfield , 21 , of Cape Coral , Fla. , were charged Tuesday with one count each of premeditated murder .
Staff Sgt. Calvin Gibbs , 25 , of Billings , Mont. , and Spc. Jeremy Morlock , 22 , of Wasilla , Alaska , each were charged earlier this month with three counts of premeditated murder and one count of assault .
The charging sheets , with the names of the accusers and officers involved blanked out , say Morlock and Gibbs shot Agha and used fragmentary grenades and their rifles to kill Mudin and Adahdad .
ADVERTISEMENT
Holmes is accused of throwing a grenade at and shooting Mudin , Winfield of doing the same to Adahdad , and Wagnon of shooting Agha .
The documents also allege Morlock hit and kicked a person May 5 and spat in a victim ’s face .
Gibbs also is accused of hitting and kicking a person on that date .
All identifying information is redacted , including names , gender , whether one or more victims were involved and whether they are civilians .
Wagnon is further accused of impeding a criminal investigation by asking another soldier to erase a computer hard drive that contained evidence of the killings .
ADVERTISEMENT
Spokeswoman Lt. Col. Tamara Parker said Gibbs was charged June 8 in Kuwait and is in transit to Lewis - McChord , a joint Army - Air Force base south of Tacoma , Wash .
Morlock was charged June 4 .
He and the other three soldiers are being confined at the base , as Gibbs will be when he arrives .
The next step for the soldiers will be Article 32 hearings , similar to a grand jury .
Officers to lead those proceedings have not yet been appointed and no dates for the hearings have been set , Parker said .
ADVERTISEMENT
It could not be immediately determined whether defense lawyers have been appointed for all five men .
The maximum penalty for a premeditated murder conviction is life in prison or the death penalty .
Lewis- McChord spokesman Joseph Piek said decisions on whether to seek the death penalty normally are made after an Article 32 hearing .
Just got here and wondering what this is all about ?
Click here to read the premise , or skim over the FAQ .
Those of you who spent the weekend Ghost - riding the whip trying to earn an Alien Parasite Hat — or whatever it is people do when they go outside on the weekend — probably feel pretty good about yourselves right now .
At the end of the day , though , what do you have to show for it ?
Vague memories of getting crunk .
The first 1,000 people who wisely choose to donate at least $ 10 to the Golden Charity , on the other hand , will be absolute heroes to hospitalized children .
For a weekend ?
No .
For a lifetime .
But that ’s not all !
Luckily for everyone who has n’t given yet , there ’s still time to contribute to Child ’s Play Charity .
With additional donations of $ 10 or more , another owner of a Golden Wrench will sacrifice his / her prized possession .
That ’s right , the more donations received for Child ’s Play , the more gold goes into the smelting pot — with all of this culminating in the long - awaited Golden Charity Destruction Marathon !*
Unlike with the Golden Wrench Log , this system is absolutely not random .**
* PS : Okay , well it ’s less of a marathon and more of a dance party .
** List space limited to 1,000 .
All users will remain anonymous until requested otherwise .
Note that this list is now capped at a firm 1,000 ( in order of donations received ) .
If you ’ve donated to the fundraiser and wish to have your name added and you did so before 3:45 pm on August 6th , please contact WiNG with your PayPal e-mail address , a link to your Steam Community page ( or whatever you wish your name to link to ) , and the name you wish displayed .
Although the Update Log will not be updated past 1,000 donors , all eligible donors who contributed before the end of the event will be invited to a special Steam group regardless of amount donated .
+ Wrench # 29 will be destroyed by [ ĜĞ ]
Drake
+ Wrench # 28 will be destroyed by GreenDrank
The Charity Update Log is complete at 1,000 donations .
My sincere thanks to everyone who has made this possible .
Donors made after 3:45 pm ( EST ) August 6th and before August 24th can still contact me to join the Steam Community group .
Seth MacFarlane is one Flux Capacitor away from being able to travel back in time -- because TMZ has learned he 's the proud new owner of an exact replica of the DeLorean from " Back to the Future . "
Seth 's people confirm the " Family Guy " mastermind purchased the DeLorean earlier this month .
A source tells us Seth is having about $ 20,000 worth of customized equipment installed ... making it the coolest thing on wheels since the motorized bar stool .
One source -- who was lucky enough to sneak a peak at MacFarlane 's unfinished DeLorean -- said the car already looks " insane . "
St. Petersburg ’s historic bascule bridge has just been hilariously vandalized .
The Liteiny Bridge rose its usual 67° to allow ships to pass and revealed a towering phallus to the waiting traffic .
Political motive pending .
[ UPDATE : How Russian art - group Voina “ dicked ” the bridge . ]
This was a community effort from beginning to end :
On the night of June 14th , 40 collaborators painted the 1870 ’s draw bridge within minutes .
One was caught and arrested .
In the morning , the city sent in two firefighter brigades to wash the bridge clean .
Aside from web - wide delight of Russian - speaking perpetual adolescents , ru-bloggers ’ response is the usual polarized squabble : “ This is a digraceful !
And in the cultural capital of Russia !
I ’m going to go to wash it off myself ! ” and “ Naw , it ’s contemporary art .
I ’m going to go draw five more . ”
Whether or not this is some sort of political commentary remains to be seen .
Pranks like this are kind of our thing .
When the Chess Grandmaster Gary Kasparov gave a political speech a few years ago , his opponents flew in a radio - controlled penis - copter into the conference room .
The Russian renegade art - group Voina ( War ) often stages x-rated public stunts for the sake of political dissent .
A giant , group “ Fuck You ! ” to St. Petersburg officials via bridge vandalism is unlikely to have been motive - less .
This blog is written by a group of liberal patriots who are n't quite as pissed off as they were a couple of years ago , but are n't taking anything for granted , either .
We share a fierce dedication to the Constitution - the only words ever put to paper worth dying for , and we 'll argue it 's finer liberal points with anyone .
We exist to remind y'all that America was founded on four boxes : The Soapbox
The Ballot Box
The Jury Box
The Ammo Box
They should be used in that order .
This is our soapbox .
In case you have n’t noticed , the iPhone 4 ’s antenna design has come under considerable scrutiny .
In our iPhone 4 review , we investigated the iPhone 4 antenna and came to two conclusions .
First , that iOS 4 was displaying signal bars in an overly optimistic manner , compressing the dynamic range of possible signal bars users can see .
Second , we identified a worst case signal drop of around 24 dB when the iPhone 4 is cupped tightly in the left hand , covering the black strip and possibly detuning the antennas and adding additional attenuation from the presence of the hand .
Since those initial measurements , we ’ve been working tirelessly to both characterize the problem , fully understand the mechanisms behind it , and report on a number of possible solutions .
The Bars Have Changed
On July 2 , Apple released a letter noting that the formula used in iOS 4.0 to calculate how many bars are presented for each signal strength is “ totally wrong . ”
This mirrored our conclusions that the effects of the signal drop were exacerbated in part by the way the iPhone visualizes signal strength - the dynamic range is compressed so much that the 24 dB drop from cupping the phone without a case could make all the bars go away .
They went on to promise that in a future software update they would make bars 1 , 2 , and 3 taller , and make the bars more “ accurate ” by displaying 2 bars fewer in certain circumstances .
iOS 4.1 beta rolled around yesterday , and we immediately dove in to find out just how much the bar to signal strength mapping has changed .
Update : iOS 4.0.1 final just came out this afternoon and we finished preliminary testing .
The signal strength mapping algorithms are identical to the 4.1 beta .
The findings in this article apply to 4.0.1 as well as the 4.1 beta .
After updating our devices to the iOS 4.1 beta ( and 4.0.1 ) and making sure our little trick to show signal strength in dBm instead of bars still worked , we set off .
Remember last time how I said I drove around town all day with iOS 4.0 , testing the phone , and recording signal strength and how many bars were being shown ?
You guessed it - another update , another evening of driving around .
Anand and I did quite our fair share of moving around to get a complete picture of what the new cutoffs are .
Old Bars
New Bars
The results are conclusive - Apple has dramatically changed the signal strength to signal bar mapping in iOS 4.0.1 and the iOS 4.1 beta , making the dynamic range not only much broader , but the range values for each bar much wider .
The range of signals that correspond to bars three and four are the same width , and bar two is only slightly less .
The cutoff value for two bars to one bar remains the same , but every other value has increased .
The result is that the worst case drop of 24 dBm no longer makes all the signal bars disappear , but rather two .
AnandTech reader Mike Escoffery , Director of Design and User Experience at Media Platforms , created his own diagram to help compare the old and new way of iOS signal strength reporting :
As you can see the old way ( top ) put far too much weight into the 5th bar of signal .
Apple 's new approach not only splits it up more reasonably between the 4th and 5th bar ( still non-linearly keeping you in the 5th bar if possible ) but also extends the range of the lower bars .
This change actually presented itself in our numeric signal strength reports - there ’s more dynamic range in these numbers too .
Previously , the absolute lowest value any iPhone would report was - 113 dBm. With iOS 4.0.1/4.1 , the value is now a shockingly low - 121 dBm .
In the iPhone 4 review , I talked a lot about how although the phone is prone to dropping signal from being held wrong , it was measurably more sensitive in weak signal areas .
I was shocked that calls and data worked seemingly unfazed at - 113 dBm .
It seems as though this increased 8 dBm of range below - 113 dBm was meant to show really how much more sensitive the radio stack is - it undeniably is more sensitive .
Both Anand and I were able to hang onto calls all the way down at - 121 dBm .
We ’ve also included a comparison to how the latest version of Android displays signal bars from GSM or UMTS networks below .
Thankfully , this did n’t require driving around town all day but rather inspecting the latest version of the Android source code from Google ’s own repositories .
Android uses an ASU value to compute signal strength , which is n’t anything more than a remapping of dBm to a sane value that ’s a bit easier to interpret .
Apple ’s mappings have gone from having probably the most compressed dynamic range among handset vendors to less compressed than Android .
While the software update obviously does not and cannot address the design of the antenna itself - or make the drop from holding the phone any less - it does change the way the issue is perceived among users .
The result is that most iPhone users will see fewer bars disappear when they hold the iPhone 4 in a bare hand .
The side effect is that the iPhone now displays fewer bars in most places , and users that have n’t been reporting signal in dBm will time see the - perhaps a bit shocking - reality of locations previously denoted as having excellent signal .
Interestingly enough , Apple has indeed changed the heights of bars 1 , 2 , and 3 .
They ’re taller , and the result is that the relative heights are no longer linear , but rather a tad exponential looking .
It ’s a mind trick that Apple no doubt hopes will make the signal look better .
If the bars are taller , they must denote stronger signal , right ?
From top to bottom : iOS 4.1 , iOS 4.0 , Android 2.2
The reality is that Apple likely wants to deflect at least some of the initial backlash AT&T will face for reporting the signal bars without any concessions .
Concessions that used to make coverage look better than it really is .
Regardless of how tall the bars are , there are still going to be fewer of them virtually everywhere .
Interestingly enough , while bars 1 and 2 are the most changed , their respective cutoffs are virtually unchanged .
While I was testing iOS 4.0.1 , I told Anand that the signal reporting lie that started with the iPhone 3G had been removed entirely .
That iOS 4.0.1 would potentially show the reality of AT&T ’s coverage to iPhone users .
With 4.0.1 users looking at signal bars will get a much more realistic view of how signal is changing .
We tested the iOS 4.1 beta on iPhone 3GSes as well , and found the mappings to be the same there as well .
I ’m not sure what I expected out of Crackdown 2 .
When I first saw the television ad , my immediate reaction was “ are they serious ? ”
Who would air an ad showing your game slowing down to 15 frames per second and explosions amid terrible lighting effects ?
But they were serious ; dead serious .
And Crackdown 2 certainly lives down to the hype .
And to think , all this could be easily avoided if the Agent would admit his flaws and use an elevator once in a while .
Crackdown 2 is a sandbox game in theory .
A sandbox game generally refers to a game with an open environment to be explored and interacted with .
Usually there are side quests which may or may not be relevant or helpful to the plot .
Crackdown 2 throws all the required features in to merit the name “ sandbox ” without capturing the intent behind the word .
Simply put , it entirely forgot what made Sandboxes fun : the sand .
So there ’s a city .
It was lifted from the last game block for block .
In this city there are three things : zombies , gangsters and civilians .
The entirety of their programming is summed up as follows .
Zombies : attack everything until reduced to paste by bullets / fists / motor vehicles .
Gangsters : shoot player character until reduced to paste by bullets / fists / motor vehicles .
Civilians : walk in directions at random until reduced to paste by bullets / fists / motor vehicles .
And here is what the player character can do with them .
Zombies : set up a satellite grid by going to three triangulation points , then attack their base and defend a capture point for a certain amount of time .
Gangsters : attack their base and defend a capture point for a certain amount of time .
Civilians : race them .
Also you can reduce all of them to paste using guns , your fists and motor vehicles .
And that ’s it , that ’s literally all there is to do in this game .
Here is the entire list of characters : tutorial guy who talks in your ear , lady who is the leader of the gangsters , and you , a nameless cloned Agent .
This is sort of like filling a sandbox with large rocks to save time .
Sure sand and rocks are molecularly indistinct , but one is fun and the other is painful .
There is n’t a plot ; it would be literally impossible to give spoilers .
There are zombies and you need to get rid of them by going to their nine bases and killing their dudes .
The bases , by the way , are not well designed tunnels or hideouts , they ’re just one platform you stand on and murder things until you ’re done .
There is also an unrelated terrorist organization called Cell .
At one point I thought the game was actually going to have a plot or character development when the terrorist leader tried to talk to me and convince me I was working for the wrong people .
Too bad the writing is atrocious : “ they do n’t care about helping people , they just want power . ”
Any Anarchist would say that about any government , yet here I am helping people by getting rid of zombies and murderers : your argument is invalid .
Perhaps that tiny shadow of a plot was the result of the one time someone at the design meetings perked up and said “ I have an idea , ” because it is certainly the only spark of original thought to be found anywhere in Crackdown 2 .
The character , or lack thereof , that you play is a genetically engineered super agent , because that particular idea has n’t been run into the ground yet or anything .
As you gain skills by murdering people and collecting skillup orbs you ’ll become able to run at 25 mph and jump several stories high .
You ’d think this would make the map easily traversable , but the game has some serious issues determining what it classifies as a ledge .
While I climbed up window sills my character suddenly decided they are n’t a valid surface and slid down a skyscraper and eventually caught himself on the painted trim on the bottom of a sign .
Yes , paint , roughly an eight of a millimeter thick , is a more valid ledge than dozens of protruding window sills .
This makes finding a valid surface to climb frustrating and unintuitive at best .
And to think , all this could be easily avoided if the Agent would admit his flaws and use an elevator once in a while .
Too bad none of the buildings have interiors .
The shooting mechanics are n’t very interesting , though once you have the aiming system down the bigger gun battles can be pretty fun .
You lock on to your enemy and nudge the right stick to target specific body parts .
Based on their distance you then have to wait for the reticule to acquire a new lock and then fire .
At close range this does n’t take very long and you can engage dozens of foes without confusion or hesitation .
So at least something works as intended , and since gun battles are most of the game it does relieve the game of being totally without merit .
As you progress , the Cell get better weapons that change the terms of engagement .
Though it ’s a little frustrating when you ’re nailed into the ground by several dozen rockets at a time in an unending stream , it does make for a decent difficulty curve .
The problem is , to progress the plot , or lack thereof , you have to fight the zombies .
The zombies had the word “ curve ” in mind when they start upping the difficulty .
But rather than making the fights interesting , they just throw in a fast moving zombie that puts your character into a ragdoll state on contact .
This is n’t even really an attack , you just sort of slip and fall unconscious for several seconds , there ’s no countermeasure or warning animation , they just sort of zoom around and unplug your controller .
The graphics are as messy as they look in the trailer .
The explosions are half rendered in 2D , the polygon count is abnormally low and somehow the framerate still manages to slow down a lot .
I ’ve seen better productions on the Wii lately .
What it does it does alright , but there is n’t very much of it and it looks like garbage .
During the end credits the makers of the game all smile at you in a series of photographs .
I ’m not sure what allowing you to see the face of your tormentor is meant to accomplish .
I like to think those photographs represent the entirety of the smiles this game has or will ever generate .
Wounded 2/
5
Google Inc. has missed the deadline on its high - profile contract to take over Los Angeles ’ e-mail system , leaving nearly 20,000 city employees on an aging system that the city is paying the Internet search giant $ 7.25 million to replace .
The delay marks a significant setback for Google ’s push to enter the lucrative business of shifting companies and governments to computer systems that reside online .
The contract with the city is considered a marquee deal and is being closely watched by other governments looking to move to “ cloud computing . ”
Since winning a battle for the contract with rival Microsoft Corp. last year , Google has run into roadblocks at the Los Angeles Police Department , which has strict rules about the way its data is secured .
Until Google can address those concerns , city officials say , LAPD will continue to use the old system — in effect forcing the city to pay for both the new and old e-mail programs at an additional cost that could rise to more than $ 400,000 over the next year .
Google , which had agreed to implement its e-mail system by June 30 , has agreed to pick up the tab for the old system until at least November , said Kevin Crawford , assistant general manager of the city ’s Information Technology Agency .
The city is still negotiating with Google over costs incurred thereafter .
The delay has infuriated some council members who said they thought they had voted for a lower - cost new e-mail system that would solve more problems than it would create .
“ Google comes in with this sweetheart deal that was supposed to be state of the art — supposed to make wonders — and obviously they have n’t performed , ” Councilman Dennis Zine said in a committee meeting last week .
Maggie Goodrich , the LAPD ’s chief information officer , told council members that the security requirements her department needed had not been delivered .
“ Whose fault was that ? ” Zine asked .
“ In my opinion , it was Google that did n’t deliver the security requirements , ” Goodrich said .
In the meeting , council members grilled a Google executive about the delays , many of which involve problems putting security mechanisms in place to protect sensitive LAPD data .
Council members and LAPD officials said that the requirements were clear from the outset .
Google executive Jocelyn Ding said the company was committed to fulfilling its contract but admitted that it had missed “ some details ” in the original requirements .
Last October , Los Angeles became the largest city in the nation to commit to Google ’s vision of online computing .
Despite a flurry of lobbying by archrival Microsoft , the City Council agreed to shut down the city ’s in - house messaging system and transfer e-mail operations for its 30,000 employees to Google ’s nationwide network of servers .
The decision was significant because other major cities and large corporations are considering whether to stay with older e-mail programs , such as Microsoft ’s Outlook , or to embrace the “ cloud ” model championed by Google .
In cloud computing , applications run on remote servers rather than on workers ’ desktop machines .
david.sarno@latimes.com
tdhz77 Profile Blog Joined July 2010 United States 16 Posts Last Edited : 2010-07-12 09:12:33 #
1
There are now TWO ways of backing up up your SC2 Replays .
( RECOMMENDED ) Bahman 's Solution using a VBS script :
Go here for more details :
http://www.teamliquid.net/forum/viewpost.php?post_id=5701696
==================================================================
And the older version : * NOTE :
This version does not add a timestamp like Bahman 's solution , thus you will have LostTemple ( 1 ) .
( 2 ) .( 3 ) .( 4) ..etc and it does n't give you enough information making it a major pain with large collection .
Bahman 's solution saves your replay with a time stamp LostTemple - July - 13-2010.s c2 map and is awesome !
Please Try it out !
The second solution , will backup your Unsaved replays into your Multiplayer folder , then back it up online through drop box .
Some users , have found this to be an unnecessary solution , but if you want your replays backed up on another computer you could try out DropBox .
Dropbox , which will automatically backup your replay files online to a server cloud , making it easy for you if you ever get a new computer , reinstall , or delete your replays you will have them on dropbox.com forever !
The second application is Karen 's Replicator :
This will automatically copy all of your recent / saved multiplayer games to your dropbox folder , which will automatically be uploaded to a cloud , so you can download the replays later .
1 ) Install dropbox ( http://www.dropbox.com/)
1a ) Sign - up for a Free Account ( 2GB ) will be plenty of space for replays .
1b ) Install your dropbox into the default location ** THIS IS IMPORTANT
2 ) Download and install Karen 's Replicator
2a )
2b ) Install and Run Karen 's Replicator
2c ) Create a " New Job "
- Job Name : Starcraft ( Anything you 'd like )
- Source Folder " Browse " [ to your SC replay folder ]
C: \Users\USERNAME\Documents\StarCraft II Beta\Accounts \7373337\1-S2-1-22116 \Replays \Unsaved
- Destination " Browse "
- C:\Users\USERNAME\Documents \StarCraft II Beta\Accounts\7373337\1-S2-1-22116\Replays \Multiplayer
- Click " Change Schedule " and select every 20 minutes .
Leave the day at 0 .
( This will copy the replays to your dropbox every 20 minutes , you can adjust this to your liking .
- Click Save Job .
2c ) Create a " New Job "
- Job Name : Starcraft ( Anything you 'd like )
- Source Folder " Browse " [ to your SC replay folder ]
C: \Users\USERNAME\Documents\StarCraft II Beta\Accounts\7373337\1-S2-1-22116\Replays \Multiplayer
- Destination " Browse "
- You have two options .
Public or Private
- If you you would like the world to see your replay files , Browse to your DropBox - > Public folder and click OK .
Your replays will now be synced and available to download from the world .
- If you would like your replays to be kept private .
Browse to any folder that is not the PUBLIC folder and you can give access to anybody you want to see your replays .
- For Me , I used the Public option , so I used : C: \Users\USERNAME\My Dropbox \Public
- Click " Change Schedule " and select every 20 minutes .
Leave the day at 0 .
( This will copy the replays to your dropbox every 20 minutes , you can adjust this to your liking .
- Click Save Job .
- Click Run All Enabled Jobs Now , and you will be all set .
Make sure that Karen 's Replicator is minimized and not closed .
I hope this helps at least one of you , because
If your like me , you never save your replays .
EDIT : This solution will also work if your on a friends computer .
You can simply login to dropbox from the desktop and it will sync to your dropbox and not your friends .
EDIT : Updated with the excellent suggestion from StaR_Robo .
Replays are a pretty cool to have ( if ) you have them .
The problem with the latest beta patch , is that it only saves your last 10 recent games and to many times I 've forgot to actually save the replay file .
Most replay files are about 100 kb depending on how long the game is , I 've yet to see a replay file exceed 400 kb's .
So , I 'm uncertain as to why Blizzard feels the need to limit us and force us to save our own games .
For whatever reason , I 'm posting this solution that I use and I hope somebody out there might find this to be useful .
There are now TWO ways of backing up up your SC2 Replays .
Bahman 's Solution using a VBS script :
Go here for more details: ==================================================================And the older version : * NOTE :
This version does not add a timestamp like Bahman 's solution , thus you will have LostTemple ( 1 ) .
( 2 ) .( 3 ) .( 4) ..etc and it does n't give you enough information making it a major pain with large collection .
Bahman 's solution saves your replay with a time stamp LostTemple - July - 13-2010.s c2 map and is awesome !
Please
Try it out !
The second solution , will backup your Unsaved replays into your Multiplayer folder , then back it up online through drop box .
Some users , have found this to be an unnecessary solution , but if you want your replays backed up on another computer you could try out DropBox .
Dropbox , which will automatically backup your replay files online to a server cloud , making it easy for you if you ever get a new computer , reinstall , or delete your replays you will have them on dropbox.com forever !
The second application is Karen 's Replicator :
This will automatically copy all of your recent / saved multiplayer games to your dropbox folder , which will automatically be uploaded to a cloud , so you can download the replays later .
1 ) Install dropbox ( http://www.dropbox.com/)1a)
Sign - up for a Free Account ( 2GB ) will be plenty of space for replays .
1 b )
Install your dropbox into the default location ** THIS IS IMPORTANT2 ) Download and install Karen's Replicator2a )
http://www.karenware.com/powertools/ptreplicator.asp
2 b ) Install and Run Karen's Replicator2c ) Create a " New Job " - Job Name : Starcraft ( Anything you 'd like ) - Source Folder " Browse " [ to your SC replay folder ]
C: \Users\USERNAME\Documents\StarCraft II Beta\Accounts \7373337\1-S2-1-22116 \Replays \Unsaved - Destination " Browse " - C: \Users\USERNAME\Documents\StarCraft II Beta\Accounts \7373337\1-S2-1-22116 \Replays \Multiplayer - Click " Change Schedule " and select every 20 minutes .
Leave the day at 0 .
( This will copy the replays to your dropbox every 20 minutes , you can adjust this to your liking . - Click Save Job.2c ) Create a " New Job " - Job Name : Starcraft ( Anything you 'd like ) - Source Folder " Browse " [ to your SC replay folder ]
C: \Users\USERNAME\Documents\StarCraft II Beta\Accounts \7373337\1-S2-1-22116\Replays \Multiplayer - Destination " Browse " -
You have two options .
Public or Private -
If you you would like the world to see your replay files , Browse to your DropBox - > Public folder and click OK .
Your replays will now be synced and available to download from the world . -
If you would like your replays to be kept private .
Browse to any folder that is not the PUBLIC folder and you can give access to anybody you want to see your replays .-
For Me , I used the Public option , so I used : C: \Users\USERNAME\My Dropbox \Public - Click " Change Schedule " and select every 20 minutes .
Leave the day at 0 .
( This will copy the replays to your dropbox every 20 minutes , you can adjust this to your liking . - Click Save Job.- Click Run All Enabled Jobs Now , and you will be all set .
Make sure that Karen 's Replicator is minimized and not closed .
I hope this helps at least one of you , because
If your like me , you never save your replays .
EDIT : This solution will also work if your on a friends computer .
You can simply login to dropbox from the desktop and it will sync to your dropbox and not your friends .
EDIT : Updated with the excellent suggestion from StaR_Robo .
1 . Copy with rename from Replays \Unsaved to Replays \Multiplayer
2. Copy from Replays \Multiplayer to dropbox if you want to store offline
EDIT : Added pictures , anybody who thinks this method is " to complicated " should give it a shot .
You will not find a easier solution as of writing .
You can check out my dropbox here :
https://www.dropbox.com/3104902/4951754/24b8080/events.xml
If you like this system : Please add me on SC2 @ The Great .
865 - I need friends .
EDIT : Added pictures , anybody who thinks this method is " to complicated " should give it a shot .
You will not find a easier solution as of writing .
You can check out my dropbox here :
If you like this system : Please add me on SC2 @ The Great .
865 - I need friends .
Since 01 '
NeverGG Profile Blog Joined January 2008 United Kingdom 5399 Posts Last Edited : 2010-06-30 22:44:53 #
1
Notes :
No more cancellations .
Sorry guys , bad week .
Anyway , due to FlaSh owning the poll here ( http://www.teamliquid.net/forum/viewmessage.php?topic_id=111042
) he 's the next person to get a card from his foreign fans .
All messages submitted to the last OP have been saved so please do n't worry about resubmitting .
You can read about both of the previous projects here ;
Backho Well Wishes Card :
http://www.teamliquid.net/forum/viewmessage.php?topic_id=87771
http://www.teamliquid.net/forum/viewmessage.php?topic_id=89957
Jaedong Fighting Card :
http://www.teamliquid.net/forum/viewmessage.php?topic_id=100989
http://www.teamliquid.net/forum/viewmessage.php?topic_id=102171
http://www.teamliquid.net/forum/viewmessage.php?topic_id=102851
http://www.teamliquid.net/forum/viewmessage.php?topic_id=103482
No more cancellations .
Sorry guys , bad week .
Anyway , due to FlaSh owning the poll here ( http://www.teamliquid.net/forum/viewmessage.php?topic_id=111042
) he 's the next person to get a card from his foreign fans .
You can read about both of the previous projects here ; How to Join In :
MESSAGE SUBMISSION IS NOW CLOSED .
THANK YOU TO EVERYONE WHO LEFT MESSAGES !
I 'm now going into the making stages , and I 'll set a pre-PL finals delivery date within the month .
I 'm now going into the making stages , and I 'll set a pre-PL finals delivery date within the month .
우리 행운의 모양은 여러개지만 행복의 모양은 하나
d_so Profile Blog Joined December 2007 Korea ( South ) 3186 Posts # 2 =) you are cool .
( this is for nevergg , not flash ) manner
ForSC2 Profile Joined June 2009 United States 579 Posts Last Edited : 2010-06-09 23:27:51 # 3
On June 09 2010 16:17 NeverGG wrote :
All messages submitted to the last OP have been saved so please do n't worry about resubmitting .
http://www.smbc-comics.com/index.php?id=2883#comic
pieisamazing Profile Joined May 2009 United States 1231 Posts # 4
You need to change part of the OP .
I think you copy / pasted and did n't edit out the part where you 're sending this to Jaedong .
Should read Flash . :> connoisseur
nayumi Profile Blog Joined May 2009 Australia 4828 Posts # 5
Nationality : Vietnamese
Message :
You show me how Starcraft can be played perfectly !
And get that Golden Mouse , it 's yours !
User : nayumiNationality : VietnameseMessage :
You show me how Starcraft can be played perfectly !
And get that Golden Mouse , it 's yours !
Messages need to be :
~ In Korean or English .
~ Less than 300 words .
~ One per forum member .
~ Directed to Jaedong himself .
~ Not offensive .
I know it 's just a copy&paste mistake but made me chuckle Sugoi monogatari onii-chan !
intrigue Profile Blog Joined November 2005 Washington , D.C 9898 Posts # 6 welcome back , i am glad to see you here again =]
Moderator https://soundcloud.com/castlesmusic/sets/oak
skinnyrl Profile Joined March 2010 Netherlands 125 Posts Last Edited : 2010-06-09 07:59:50 #
7
Nationality : dutch
Message : Flash you showed us some dominance starcraft lately showcasing your brilliance !!!
Now keep the dominance going show everyone your the master and keep up the name GOD Young ho
Also it would be cool if you would do some cool ceremony .
I hope for you you keep doing good your so young and you can keep up with anybody .
You can be proud with that .
Flash Fighting Username : skinnyrlNationality : dutchMessage : Flash you showed us some dominance starcraft lately showcasing your brilliance !!!
Now keep the dominance going show everyone your the master and keep up the name GOD Young hoAlso it would be cool if you would do some cool ceremony .
I hope for you you keep doing good your so young and you can keep up with anybody .
You can be proud with that .
Flash Fighting '' Every advantage has it's disadvantage ' ' Johan Cruyf
flamewheel Profile Blog Joined December 2009 FREEAGLELAND 25156 Posts Last Edited : 2010-06-09 08:12:08 #
8
Glad you 're at this again
Oh whoops did n't see the OP , mah bad .
Glad you 're at this again Writer damn , i was two days from retirement
arbiter_md Profile Joined February 2008 Moldova 1156 Posts # 9 Username : arbiter_md
Nationality : Moldova
Message : Your TvP is pure gold .
You came up with so many sweet builds , and made me love watching your games .
It 's incredible how you fight in what others would call a hard match up .
Thank you for your games and keep it up !
The copyright of this post belongs solely to me .
Nobody else , not teamliquid , not greetech and not even blizzard have any share of this copyright .
You can copy , distribute , use in commercial purposes the content of this post or parts of it freely .
prosatan Profile Joined September 2009 Romania 4809 Posts # 10 Username : prosatan
Nationality : Romanian
Message : Come on Flash , win the Golden Mouse and the Golden Badge !
If you can't do , it no one can .
Lee JaeDong Fighting !
The only church that illuminates is the one that burns .
losso Profile Blog Joined March 2008 Bulgaria 158 Posts # 11 Username : losso
Nationality : Bulgarian
Message : Hi !
I started getting into progaming at the time when you did your first OSL run in 2007 .
Ever since you have been the greatest starcraft player of all in my eyes .
You have made happy thousands of fans all over the world with your recent well - deserved success .
Please keep it up so one day everyone will call you a Bonjwa .
I know you > jaedong so just keep crushing him like you did in the last MSL Finals !
Proleague 08-09 was a very depressing time for KT fans like me .
However this time you are the best team and this is your chance to win it all !
Proleague finals are always the most emotional moment and seeing you help KT win the gold would make me so happy .
Hope to meet you at WCG !
geetarzero Profile Blog Joined July 2009 United States 217 Posts # 12 Username : geetarzero
Nationality : Vietnamese
Message :
You are what makes Terran awesome , and what makes Protoss and Zerg look like a joke .
sKyHigh ? him ?
do n't worry about it . ( – _ – )
bobbeh Profile Blog Joined June 2010 Canada 101 Posts Last Edited : 2010-06-09 08:58:20 # 13
Username : bobbeh
Nationality : French Canadian
Message : I wish I could buy you a steak !!
Do you have horse meat in korea ??
It 's really good you should try it !
Do n't stop being awesome Flash !!
NeverGG Profile Blog Joined January 2008 United Kingdom 5399 Posts Last Edited : 2010-06-09 09:02:04 # 14 o. O someone edited it for me ?
Thanks guys .
Keep them coming .
우리 행운의 모양은 여러개지만 행복의 모양은 하나
deL Profile Blog Joined March 2009 Australia 5540 Posts Last Edited : 2010-06-10 09:07:34 # 15 Username : [ TA]deL
Nationality : Australian
Message :
As a KT fan I am really pleased with how I have seen you develop into the greatest player - truly a worthy successor to the KTF greats like Nal_rA .
Continue to entertain and inspire us with your play and best of luck in all your progaming intentions !
Gaming videos for fun ~
http://www.youtube.com/user/WijLopenLos
KinosJourney 2 Profile Blog Joined July 2009 Sweden 1775 Posts # 16 Username : Kino[tbw ]
Nationality : Swedish
Message : I really enjoy watching you play perfect Starcraft , i hope you reach even higher ( if that even is possible ) .
Good luck in future games and the next OSL , the Golden Mouse is yours !
Kino[tbw ]
SwedishI really enjoy watching you play perfect Starcraft , i hope you reach even higher ( if that even is possible ) .
Good luck in future games and the next OSL , the Golden Mouse is yours !
ocho wrote : EDIT : NEVERMIND , THIS THING HAS APM TECHNOLOGY OMG
bmml Profile Joined December 2009 United Kingdom 958 Posts # 17 Username : bmml
Nationality : British
Message :
You never cease to amaze me with your impeccable games , you 're a stunningly good player and I hope you keep delivering fantastic games for as long as possible !
Rooting for you to win the golden mouse and badge !
Lee Young Ho HWAITING !
Iplaythings Profile Blog Joined August 2009 Denmark 7753 Posts # 18 Username : Iplaythings
Nationality : Danish
Message : Hello Lee Young
Ho , I wish you the best of luck .
I enjoy watching all your games , and I want to cheer for you wether you win or lose .
Allways remember to take a a break , and not burn out like you were close to last season !
Flash fighting !!
In the woods , there lurks ..
Scaramanga Profile Blog Joined March 2008 Australia 7910 Posts # 19 Username : Scaramanga
Australian
< 3 you youngho Loda talked about the fun counter , it 's AdmiralBulldog on his natures prophet
Puosu Profile Blog Joined April 2007 6776 Posts # 20 Username : Puosu
Nationality : Finnish
Message :
Be careful not to bankrupt the whole business by forcing OGN to create you the Gold , Platinum and Diamond mice .
1 2 3 4 5 9 10 11 Next All
WE ARE well used to hearing that employers are looking to achieve a great place to work .
In the current circumstances , most of them ...
As a tribute to Nobel Prize - winning author Jose Saramago , Playboy Portugal reimagined Saramago 's novel The Gospel According to Jesus Christ as a soft - core porno .
Now Playboy Enterprises is renouncing its blasphemous Portuguese branch — and shuttering Playboy Portugal .
The news came to us this evening in an email from Theresa Hennessy , Playboy Enterprises ' vice president of public relations :
We did not see or approve the cover and pictorial in the July issue of Playboy Portugal .
It is a shocking breach of our standards , and we would not have allowed it to be published if we had seen it in advance .
As a result of this and other issues with the Portuguese publisher , we are in the process of terminating our agreement .
This is disappointing because it was among the few Playboy photo features I 've found interesting .
( The perplexing but weirdly entrancing " Evolution of the Boob " is another . )
Smut in honor of a controversial novel by a militant atheist Nobel laureate — why not ?
Fashion photography has long monopolized the world of thoughtful magazine imagery .
I say , give serious smut ( gimmicky smut , silly smut , even mindlessly provocative smut ! ) a chance .
At its core , Playboy is designed to shock .
Top - selling copies frequently trade on the shock value of mainstream starlets and other incongruous public figures shedding their garments and getting dirty .
( Let 's not forget how it all began . )
Playboy Portugal managed , miraculously , to shock the wizened masses of the internet , where the Jesus photos went viral .
Should n't that be worth something ?
We asked Hennessy to explain Playboy Enterprises ' relationship with Playboy Portugal .
Here 's what she said :
All international publications of Playboy magazine are licensed editions ( we currently have 26 , including Portugal ) and our international publishers sign detailed licensing agreements .
While using the format of the U.S. edition , our partners publish local editions of Playboy magazine that reflect both the standards and culture of their own country , as well as our own standards and practices .
Either way : Playboy Portugal went out with a bang .
Previously :
Jesus Appears in Portuguese Playboy [ NSFW ]
Celebrate , America ! 74 % of You Know What Country We Declared Our Independence From !
So now that I have something ‘ visible ’ to show , instead of just internal changes , I thought I ’d post an update on my progress with KStars and OpenGL .
In part due to the disorganized nature of the existing codebase and in part due to my under-estimation of some things ( not to mention Hofstadter ’s Law ) I ended up not getting as much done as I ’d have liked , because I spent a lot — maybe even a bit too much — time refactoring .
What I did is to get rid of all calls to QPainter in the individual SkyComponent : : draw ( ) functions , and replaced them with calls to a SkyPainter class that acts as an interface , allowing one to draw things on the sky without regard to the actual backend .
The actual drawing is done by either a SkyQPainter or a SkyGLPainter , but the sky components ( e.g. , stars , deep sky objects , constellation lines , & c. ) do n’t know anything about how the drawing is actually done .
Anyways , now I have the OpenGL backend almost up to par with the QPainter one in terms of functionality .
Here are some screenshots of the OpenGL backend :
As you can see from the pictures , most of the sky objects work .
The things that need ‘ fixing ’ are the milky way ( sort of ) , the labels , the images of planets , the images of deep sky objects , the overlays , and the horizon .
I also have to make the two backends ( GL and QPainter ) play nice with each other .
The Milky way “ sort of ” needs fixing because of different assumptions made by QPainter and OpenGL : QPainter does not require that polygons be convex , while GL does .
After I solve the issues listed above , I am going to try to implement light pollution simulation and improve the drawing speed .
« Go back a post || Return to G - A - Y homepage || Haul tail to next post »
07/13/2010
Who needs a militant agenda ?
NOM has allowed selves ( and message ) to be hijacked
by Jeremy Hooper
The National Organization For Marriage just updated the background image on their official Twitter page .
Take note of what they now refer to as their official Facebook home :
@NOMTweets
Yes , that 's right :
It 's the incredibly incendiary , " ex - gay " - backing " Protect Marriage : One Man , One Woman " Facebook page that was created by newfound NOM strategist ( and bus driver ) Louis Marinelli .
The same Louis J. Marinelli who uses Paul Cameron 's research to say that " gays have shorter life spans , " who thinks that all gays are single even if they are married or in a committed relationship , who thinks that Peter LaBarbera and his fringe " Americans For Truth " group is merely " tell the truth about homosexuality , " who says that marriage equality is " a mockery and a hijacking of the civil rights movement , " who flat - out calls gays an abomination , who says that " Deviance " describes actions or behaviours that violate cultural norms - homosexuality is far from a cultural norm .
Therefore , it is deviant , " who claims that " Homosexuality and gay marriage are wrong and harmful to society , " who thinks that " there should n't be any recognition of homosexual relationships because that is saying that homosexuality is OK , " who says that " what they do is blantantly [ sic ] immoral . :) [ smile his own ] , " who has compared our unions to that which might exist between a sterile brother and sister , who resorts to blanket character assassination in saying that one should " #nevertrust activists of the homosexual agenda - they are deceitful people who care only about themselves and not what 's best for society , " and who has made an egregious video declaring that modern LGBT rights activists want the " 3 P's : Prostitution , pedophilia , and polygamy " :
The same Marinelli who has hit up this site 's comment threads , continuing his attempts to link gays to pedophilia and polygamy .
So it 's now one billion percent official , folks :
Anything that has been , is , or will be said by Marinelli and company is now officially a part of NOM 's playbook .
Frankly we 're shocked that folks who 've been in the game as long as Maggie Gallagher and Robert George would allow this to happen .
But whatever -- they have .
So use it .
And spread it widely .
**
** UPDATE : Among the pages that this newly official NOM Facebook page counts as a favorite ?
Regina Griggs ' incredibly fringe " ex - gay " advocacy group :
Your thoughts
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
G - A-Y Comments Policy
Python 's defaultdict is perfect for making nested dictionaries -- especially useful if you 're doing any kind of work with json or nosql .
It provides a dict which returns a default value when a key is n't found .
Set that default value an empty dict , and you have a convenient dict of dicts :
>>> from collections import defaultdict >>> foo = defaultdict ( dict ) >>> foo [ 'x ' ] {}
But it breaks down when you go more than one layer deep :
>>> foo[ 'x ' ] [ 'y ' ]
Traceback ( most recent call last ) : File " " , line 1 , in KeyError : 'y '
You can get another layer by passing in a defaultdict of dicts as the default :
>>> bar = defaultdict ( lambda : defaultdict ( dict ) ) >>> bar [ 'x ' ] [ 'y ' ] {}
But suppose you want deeply - nesting dictionaries .
This means you can refer as deeply into the hierarchy as you want , without needing to check whether the intermediate dictionaries have already been created .
You do need to be sure that intervening levels are n't anything other than a recursive defaultdict , mind .
But if you know you 're going to have your content filed away inside , say , quadruple - nested dicts , this is n't necessarily a problem .
One approach would be to extend the method above , with lambdas inside lambdas :
>>> baz = defaultdict ( lambda : defaultdict( lambda:defaultdict ( dict ) ) ) >>> baz [ 1 ] [ 2 ] [ 3 ] {} >>> baz [ 1 ] [ 2 ] [ 3 ] [ 4 ]
Traceback ( most recent call last ) : File " " , line 1 , in KeyError : 4 >>>
It 's marginally more readable if we use partial rather than lambda :
>>> thud = defaultdict ( partial ( defaultdict , partial ( defaultdict , dict ) ) ) >>> thud [ 1 ] [ 2 ] [ 3 ] {}
But still pretty ugly , and non-extending .
Want infinite nesting instead ?
You can do it with a recursive function :
>>> def infinite_defaultdict ( ) : ... return defaultdict ( infinite_defaultdict ) ... >>> spam = infinite_defaultdict ( ) # defaultdict ( infinite_defaultdict ) is equivalent >>> spam [ 'x ' ] [ 'y ' ] [ 'z ' ] [ 'l ' ] [ 'm ' ] defaultdict ( < function infinite_defaultdict at 0x7fe4fb0c9de8 > , {} )
This works fine .
The repr output is annoyingly convoluted , though :
>>> spam = infinite_defaultdict ( ) >>> spam [ 'x ' ] [ 'y ' ] [ 'z ' ] [ 'l ' ] ['m '] defaultdict ( , { } ) >>> spam defaultdict ( < function infinite_defaultdict at 0x7fe4fb0c9de8 > , {'x ' : defaultdict ( < function infinite_defaultdict at 0x7fe4fb0c9de8 > , {'y ' : defaultdict ( < function infinite_defaultdict at 0x7fe4fb0c9de8 > , {'z ' : defaultdict ( < function infinite_defaultdict at 0x7fe4fb0c9de8 > , {'l ' : defaultdict ( < function infinite_defaultdict at 0x7fe4fb0c9de8 > , {'m ' : defaultdict ( < function infinite_defaultdict at 0x7fe4fb0c9de8 > , { } ) } ) } ) } ) } ) } )
A cleaner way of achieving the same effect is to ignore defaultdict entirely , and make a direct subclass of dict .
This is based on Peter Norvig 's original implementation of defaultdict :
BRUSSELS ( AP ) —
The European Union took legal action against Britain on Thursday over its plans to pass legislation that would breach parts of the legally binding divorce agreement the two sides reached late last year .
The EU action underscored the worsening relations with Britain , which was a member of the bloc until Jan. 31 .
Both sides are trying to forge a rudimentary free trade agreement before the end of the year , but the fight over the controversial U.K. Internal Market bill has soured relations this month .
European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen said that the British plan " by its very nature is a breach of the obligation of good faith laid down in the Withdrawal Agreement . "
" If adopted as is , it will be in full contradiction to the protocol of Ireland - Northern Ireland " in the withdrawal agreement , " she said .
EU leaders fear that if the U.K. bill becomes law , it could lead to the reimposition of a hard land border between Northern Ireland , which is part of Britain , and EU member Ireland , and erode the stability that has underpinned peace since the 1998 Good Friday accord .
The EU had given London until Wednesday to withdraw the bill , but U.K. lawmakers voted 340 - 256 Tuesday to push the legislation past its last major hurdle in the House of Commons .
Von der Leyen said “ the deadline lapsed yesterday .
The problematic provisions have n't been removed .
Therefore this morning , the commission has decided to send a letter of formal notice to the U.K. government , ” which augurs the start of a protracted legal battle .
“ The commission will continue to work hard towards a full and timely implementation of the Withdrawal Agreement , " she said .
" We stand by our commitment . ”
The bill must also be approved by the U.K.'s House of Lords , where it is sure to meet strong opposition because it breaches international law .
The British government stood its ground in an immediate reaction , saying “ we need to create a legal safety net to protect the integrity of the U.K. ’s internal market , ensure ministers can always deliver on their obligations to Northern Ireland and protect the gains from the peace process . ”
If the Internal Market Bill becomes law , it will give Britain the power to disregard part of the Brexit withdrawal treaty dealing with trade to and from Northern Ireland , which shares a 300 - mile ( 500 - kilometer ) border with the Republic of Ireland .
The U.K. government says it respects the Good Friday peace accord and the Brexit withdrawal agreement , but wants the law in case the EU makes unreasonable demands after Brexit that could impede trade between Northern Ireland and the rest of the U.K .
Prime Minister Boris Johnson ’s large parliamentary majority ensured the bill passed its final House of Commons vote on Tuesday night , despite resistance from opposition parties and even some members of the governing Conservative Party .
At the same time , EU and U.K. officials were continuing talks on a trade deal , going into detailed negotiations over everything from fisheries rights , state aid rules and legal oversight in case of disputes .
Time is short for the U.K. and the EU to mend fences .
A transition period that followed Britain ’s Brexit departure ends in less than 100 days , on Dec. 31 .
The EU - U.K. trade negotiating session is supposed to wrap up Friday but expectations are that negotiations will continue right up to an Oct. 15 - 16 EU summit , which British Prime Minister Boris Johnson has set as a deadline for a deal .
The EU said talks could continue right up to the end of the month .
Britain says it wants a free trade deal along the lines of the one the EU has with Canada , allowing for goods to be traded with no tariffs or quotas .
The EU says if the U.K. wants access to EU markets it must respect standards that EU companies have to live by since Britain is just too close to allow for undercutting rules that would allow for so - called “ dumping ” of U.K. merchandise at prices lower than in the EU .
___
Jill Lawless reported from London .
NANO -THIS .
Nano - that .
Nano - the - other .
The idea that making things so small you measure their dimensions in nanometres ( as billionths of a metre are dubbed by the scientific - measurement system ) will unlock advantages denied to larger objects has been around for well over a decade .
Long enough , in other words , for sceptics to wonder when something useful will actually come of it .
It looks possible , though , that something useful is indeed about to happen .
The evidence suggests that adding a sprinkle of nanoparticles to water can improve its thermal conductivity , and thus its ability to remove heat from something that it is in contact with , by as much as 60 % .
In a world where the cost of coolth is a significant economic drain ( industrial cooling consumes 7 % of the electricity generated within the European Union ) that offers a worthwhile gain .
It would , for instance , allow the huge computer - filled warehouses that drive the Internet to fit in more servers per square metre of floor space .
Nanofluid cooling , as the phenomenon is known , was discovered almost two decades ago , but is only now coming out of the laboratory .
According to Mamoun Muhammed of Sweden 's Royal Institute of Technology , one of the field 's leading researchers , three problems have stood in its way .
The first was stopping the particles sticking together and thus ceasing to be nano .
That has been overcome by adding emulsifying agents such as cetrimonium bromide ( originally developed as an antiseptic ) to the mix .
The second problem is which particles to use .
At the moment oxides of metals such as zinc and copper seem to be the favourites , but tiny tubes made of carbon are also being explored .
This , in turn , raises the question of how the phenomenon actually works .
It is not simply a matter of the added ingredient ( 6 - 8 % of the total volume seems to be the optimum mix ) being a good conductor in its own right , though this helps .
Nanofluids are better conductors than the sum of their parts .
That suggests the particles are changing the structure of the water itself in ways that improve its conductivity .
Water , despite its protean appearance , has a lot of internal structure , particularly when it is cool .
The molecules are organised , albeit more loosely , in ways that resemble the material 's solid form , ice .
Nanoparticles inevitably alter this arrangement , and that may make the mix better able to transmit heat .
If the changes involved were understood , picking the right size and composition of nanoparticle would be less a matter of guesswork .
The biggest problem about moving from laboratory to industry , though , is the question of scale .
As the quantities increase , the way the constituents mix and react alters significantly .
That makes it hard to predict from small - scale experiments what will happen in a commercial setting .
If these problems can be overcome , though , a bright future beckons , and some of the nanohype that has been swirling around might actually get translated into a useful product .
EMBATTLED US bank Goldman Sachs will pay a record $ US550 million ( $ 623 million ) to settle a US fraud probe , the Securities and Exchange Commission said .
Goldman faced civil charges filed by the SEC , which accused the company of defrauding investors about a financial product based on subprime mortgage - backed securities .
" This settlement is a stark lesson to Wall Street firms that no product is too complex , and no investor too sophisticated , to avoid a heavy price if a firm violates the fundamental principles of honest treatment and fair dealing , " said the SEC 's director of enforcement Robert Khuzami .
The SEC had claimed Goldman allowed a prominent hedge fund -- Paulson & Co. Inc -- to help put together a package of subprime mortgages that were sold to clients , but which the fund was at the same time betting against .
Goldman executives had vigorously denied allegations of fraud .
But in a statement the firm acknowledged " that the marketing materials for the ABACUS 2007 - ACI transaction contained incomplete information . "
" It was a mistake for the Goldman marketing materials to state that the reference portfolio was ' selected by ' ACA Management LLC without disclosing the role of Paulson & Co. Inc. in the portfolio selection process . "
" Half a billion ( US ) dollars is the largest penalty ever assessed against a financial services firm in the history of the SEC , " said Mr Khuzami .
Advertisements
Sarah Palin recently took to her Facebook page to claim that President Obama does not accept the greatness of America .
Palin said , “ We have a President , perhaps for the very first time since the founding of our republic , who does n’t appear to believe that America is the greatest earthly force for good the world has ever known . ”
Palin was summarizing her remarks during an appearance in Norfolk , VA over the weekend on her Facebook page where she previewed her 2012 attack against Obama , “ We have a President , perhaps for the very first time since the founding of our republic , who does n’t appear to believe that America is the greatest earthly force for good the world has ever known . ”
Advertisements
She then presented her evidence , “ When asked whether he believed in American exceptionalism , President Obama answered , ‘ I believe in American exceptionalism , just as I suspect that the Brits believe in British exceptionalism and the Greeks believe in Greek exceptionalism . ’
Amazing .
Amazing .
I think this statement speaks volumes about his world view .
He sees nothing unique in the American experience ?
Really ?
Our founding , and our founding mothers and fathers ?
Really ?
And our history over the past two and half centuries ? ”
Palin even dug up the old apology line , “ Really ?
He sees nothing unique in an America that fought and won two world wars and in victory sought not one inch of territory or one dollar of plunder ?
He sees nothing unique in an America that , though exhausted by conflict , still laid the foundation for security in Europe and Asia after World War II ?
He sees nothing unique in an America that prevailed against an evil ideology in the Cold War ?
Does he just see a country that has to be apologized for around the world , especially to dictators ? ”
The former half termer continued , “ President Obama actually seems reluctant to even embrace American power .
Earlier this year when he was asked about his faltering Middle East peace process , he said , ‘… whether we like it or not , we remain a dominant military superpower . ’
Whether we like it or not ?!
Really ?
Mr. President , this may come as news to you , but most Americans actually do like it .
And so do our allies .
They know it was our military might that liberated countless millions from tyranny , slavery , and oppression over the last 234 years .
Yes , we do like it .
As a dominant superpower , the United States has won wars hot and cold ; our military has advanced the cause of freedom and kept authoritarian powers in check . ”
Palin wrapped up by claiming that Obama ’s foreign policy is weakening America , “ It is in America ’s and the world ’s best interests for our country to remain the dominant military superpower , but under President Obama ’s leadership that dominance may be slipping away .
It ’s the result of an agenda that reeks of complacency and defeatism . ”
This is n’t the first time that Palin has chopped an Obama quote in order to portray him as hating America .
Here is Obama ’s full quote , “ I believe in American exceptionalism , just as I suspect that the Brits believe in British exceptionalism and the Greeks believe in Greek exceptionalism .
I ’m enormously proud of my country and its role and history in the world .
If you think about the site of this summit and what it means , I do n’t think America should be embarrassed to see evidence of the sacrifices of our troops , the enormous amount of resources that were put into Europe postwar , and our leadership in crafting an Alliance that ultimately led to the unification of Europe .
We should take great pride in that . ”
The president also said , “ Now , the fact that I am very proud of my country and I think that we ’ve got a whole lot to offer the world does not lessen my interest in recognizing the value and wonderful qualities of other countries , or recognizing that we ’re not always going to be right , or that other people may have good ideas , or that in order for us to work collectively , all parties have to compromise and that includes us . ”
He continued , “ And so I see no contradiction between believing that America has a continued extraordinary role in leading the world towards peace and prosperity and recognizing that that leadership is incumbent , depends on , our ability to create partnerships because we create partnerships because we can’t solve these problems alone . ”
Obama never said that he did not see anything unique or exceptional in the American experience .
He expressed pride in our nation ’s sacrifices and achievements .
He even acknowledged America ’s extraordinary role in the world .
Comparing Obama and Palin quotes side by side is an illuminating exercise .
Palin , or her Facebook ghostwriter in this case , offers up the most rudimentary appeals to patriotism and nationalism , with no thought or policy behind it .
Palin , much like George W. Bush before her , and Ronald Reagan before them both is making an emotional play on patriotism .
If anyone doubts Obama ’s love of his country , and knowledge of its greatness , here is a quote from his speech at the 2004 Democratic National Convention , “ Tonight , we gather to affirm the greatness of our nation – not because of the height of our skyscrapers , or the power of our military , or the size of our economy .
Our pride is based on a very simple premise , summed up in a declaration made over two hundred years ago . ”
It is n’t Barack Obama who doubts America ’s greatness but a certain former governor who is trying to cast doubt over America ’s sustained greatness , in the hope that she can paint herself as the great American savior and ride a wave of “ USA ” chants to the White House .
Sarah Palin ’s lack of faith in the American people has led her to this attempted cynical manipulation of hearts and minds , but people need to look beneath the surface and realize that it is impossible for a friend of a secessionist movement , like Sarah Palin is to understand the true greatness of America .
The real patriot is Barack Obama , not friends of the AIP secessionist movement , like Sarah and Todd Palin .
NewsAlert
Sign up for our NewsAlert service and have the latest news in astronomy and space e-mailed direct to your desktop .
Enter your e-mail address :
Privacy note : your e-mail address will not be used for any other purpose .
Getting to Mars on a budget
BY STEPHEN CLARK
SPACEFLIGHT NOW
Posted : July 29 , 2010
NASA is discontinuing the Mars Scout line of relatively low - cost missions to the Red Planet , but there is still an opening for resourceful scientists seeking an inexpensive ticket for Mars research .
The Phoenix mission excavated several trenches near its landing site in the Martian northern polar plains .
Credit : NASA / JPL - Caltech / University of Arizona / Texas A&M University
The end of the Mars Scout program comes after it fostered two missions , the Phoenix polar lander launched in 2007 and the MAVEN orbiter that will study the Martian atmosphere after its 2013 blastoff .
NASA says it is scrapping the Mars Scout mission line because future Martian probes will be heading to the surface .
Most lander missions are more expensive than orbiters , and it would be challenging for a future surface probe to fit within the $ 485 million cost cap for Scout projects .
Doug McCuistion , NASA 's chief Mars program official , said the agency is opening up its Discovery program to robotic Mars missions , beginning with an ongoing competition to select the next solar system exploration mission for launch between 2015 and 2017 .
" We 're in a phase where surface science is becoming more and more the driving factor at Mars , " McCuistion said in a July 14 interview .
Launched in the 1990s , the Discovery program broke onto the public stage with the highly successful Pathfinder rover that landed on Mars in 1997 .
Pathfinder was the Discovery program 's second mission .
But NASA later shut out Mars from Discovery competitions , decreeing proposals could go anywhere in the solar system except Mars or the sun .
The agency formed the Mars Scout program to develop budget - minded projects devoted to the Red Planet , while NASA also accelerated more costly and ambitious missions to Mars .
NASA kicked off the competition for the 12th Discovery mission in June and is collecting proposals from science teams through Sept.
3 . Officials plan to choose candidates in April 2011 and announce the final selection in June 2012 .
Discovery proposals must cost less than $ 425 million , not including partnerships or launch services .
Phil Christensen , an Arizona State University scientist , said he is involved in several Mars proposals for the next Discovery mission .
" I really do n't know how Mars will fare in the Discovery program , but there certainly are a lot of non-Mars concepts , " Christensen told Spaceflight Now .
" I think if the Mars concepts have the highest science value then they will be very seriously considered , especially since there is currently no other way to get small mission concepts flown to Mars . "
Christensen is a prolific Mars researcher and currently works on the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter , Mars Odyssey , and Spirit and Opportunity rovers .
None of his Discovery proposals are surface missions , Christensen said .
" I suspect someone might try to do one , but that will be pretty challenging in the Discovery program , " Christensen said .
Artist 's concept of the MAVEN spacecraft , the final Scout mission in NASA 's plans .
Credit : NASA
Peter Smith , the lead scientist on the Phoenix lander , said it is a challenge to fit a worthwhile Mars mission into Discovery 's $ 425 million cost cap .
" Discovery proposals never have enough funding as you like , " Smith said in an interview Tuesday .
" It will be tough " to conduct a Mars surface mission on a Discovery budget , he said .
Smith , a researcher at the University of Arizona , is part of a proposal to follow - up on Phoenix , which returned data from the northern polar plains of Mars for six months in 2008 .
" If we can make the case on cost , hopefully NASA will consider Mars in the Discovery selection , " Smith said .
McCuistion agrees , saying economic realities will likely prohibit Mars Scout from returning again .
" Most of the science is on the surface , " McCuistion said .
" And it 's very difficult , if not impossible , in a Scout - sized budget to do National Academy ( of Sciences ) - class science on the surface .
While we did n't plan it that way , I think it came at the appropriate time . "
NASA 's next mission to the Martian surface is the Curiority rover , a $ 2.3 billion mission to determine whether the planet was ever habitable .
After MAVEN , the final Scout mission , launches in late 2013 , NASA will partner with the European Space Agency for a methane - sniffing orbiter in 2016 and a nearly $ 3 billion dual - rover landing mission in 2018 .
The joint Mars program was formed with an eye toward a sample return mission in the 2020s .
The audacious missions planned for the next decade will also consume a larger share of NASA 's Mars budget , limiting funds for more frequent , less expensive Scout - class missions .
Previous unselected Scout proposals included small impactor - type landers , aerial vehicles and balloons , and orbiters .
We ’re happy to announce that we ’ve acquired Invite Media , an innovative start - up based in New York and Philadelphia .
The team at Invite Media has developed technology that enables advertisers and agencies to use “ real time bidding ” to buy display ad space , and to optimize display ad campaigns , across multiple advertising exchanges , all in a single interface .
regularly
As we ’ve said lately , we ’re investing significantly in the display advertising ecosystem and are seeing great momentum .
We ’ve developed , and are continuing to develop , tools that help both publishers and advertisers take advantage of the opportunities that display advertising offers .
These investments are really bearing fruit : publishers are getting improved returns from our suite of publisher solutions ; and advertisers and agencies are running effective and creative display campaigns with Google across the web .
Real time bidding technology is an important part of this ecosystem .
It enables advertisers and agencies to tailor their bids on an impression - by - impression basis , based on their own data , when bidding on websites that choose to make their ad space available through an advertising exchange .
Exchanges that enable real time bidding to all , or some , of their buyers include the DoubleClick Ad Exchange , along with a number of other exchange platforms .
For example , using real time bidding , a retailer running a display ad campaign for a shoe sale can bid $ 5 CPM ( cost per 1000 impressions ) for ad impressions on a particular news website , but specify that it will bid $ 10 CPM and show an ad for running shoes if it knows that browser has previously visited the athletics part of its website .
Details of the ad impression are passed to the retailer ’s bidding platform in real time by the exchange , and the auction takes into account the retailer ’s increased bid .
This technology lets advertisers and agencies continuously tailor and hone their display ad campaigns , and alter their bids and ads , to reach potential customers they want to attract .
We ’re big believers in the benefits and future of this type of display ad buying .
But we ’re all just at the beginning .
It can , and will , be much bigger than it is today , which will benefit the entire ecosystem - advertisers and agencies who can run more effective campaigns , demand - side platforms who offer real - time bidding services to advertisers and agencies , publishers who will get higher prices and more competition for their ad space ( while controlling what space they make available , and to whom ) , and users who will see more useful ads that load faster .
For those who are involved in display advertising , you ’ll know that there ’s a lot of momentum and buzz in this particular area .
In recent months , many agencies and advertisers have been asking us to make a bidding platform available directly to them , as they want to take advantage of the opportunities that real time bidding presents .
We ’re going to continue to invest significantly in improving Invite Media ’s technology and products as a separate platform and , in time , make it work seamlessly with our DoubleClick for Advertisers ( DFA ) ad serving product .
DFA enables advertisers and agencies to effectively plan , target , serve and measure display ad campaigns across the web .
Integrating Invite Media ’s technology will help DFA ’s clients to easily buy ad space across multiple ad exchanges , as part of managing their broader display ad campaigns .
Invite Media ’s platform will of course continue to be available to any agency or advertiser , whether they use DFA or not .
Invite Media enables ad space to be bought across multiple exchanges and platforms , with its clients in control of where their ad dollars are spent .
It ’s going to continue that way .
Think of Invite Media as just like DFA itself - technology that delivers ads across multiple websites .
One final note about how this fits in with the DoubleClick Ad Exchange .
Just as Invite Media works across multiple exchanges , this announcement changes nothing about the operation of the Ad Exchange - it will continue to provide exactly the same open and neutral access to ad space for multiple buyers , partner support and API availability as it has always done .
We ’re excited by the huge potential of real - time bidding and display advertising .
Together with other participants in the industry , we ’re working to help them both grow significantly in the years ahead .
Posted by Neal Mohan , Vice President of Product Management
This is an archive of the cult classic cartoon
You are the Ref , which ran in the Observer and on theguardian.com from 2006 to 2016 .
Click here to read the story behind the strip , which started in 1957 , and more about artist Paul Trevillion - the man who brought it to life .
Today : Microsoft reportedly is willing to pay developers to create apps for Windows Phone 7 .
Motorola ’s Droid X debuts tomorrow .
Intel earnings boost tech stocks , but the economy pulls down the broader market .
Apple vs. Microsoft vs. Google
Microsoft — the Redmond , Wash. , software megabehemoth — may be by far the dominant maker of computer operating systems .
Its Windows mobile platform , however , is only the third - most - popular operating system in the market for smart new phones ( at least according to a report this month from industry researcher comScore ) .
Today , Bloomberg News is reporting that Microsoft is paying developers to write apps for its coming Windows Phone 7 software as it competes to keep pace with Apple ’s iOS and Google ’s Android platforms .
“ We are investing a lot to attract developers big and small to Windows Phone 7 to let them understand what the opportunity is and provide as many resources as we can to help them be successful on our platform , ” Todd Brix , a senior director at Microsoft , told the news service .
“ We ’re open for business and we want to work with them . ”
According to comScore , Research In Motion ’s BlackBerry is the No. 1 smartphone platform with 41.7 percent of U.S. subscribers in May .
Apple ’s iPhone is No. 2 at 24.4 percent .
While Windows has a 13.1 percent share , it ’s been losing ground to Google ’s Android , which has 13 percent of the market .
Microsoft stock , by the way , closed today at $ 25.44 , up 31 cents , or 1.2 percent .
Google finished at $ 491.34 , up $ 2.14 cents , or 0.4 percent .
Apple closed at $ 252.73 , up 93 cents , or 0.4 percent .
Google , meanwhile , gains another smart new phone in its Android army tomorrow with the debut of Motorola ’s Droid X on Verizon Wireless ’ network .
The Droid X includes features such as a 4.3 - inch high - resolution display , HD camcorder and 8 megapixel camera .
It costs $ 299.99 with a two - year Verizon contract , but the carrier is offering a $ 100 mail - in debit card rebate .
According to Bloomberg , MKM Partners , in a report by analyst Tero Kuittinen , raised its rating on Motorola stock to “ neutral ” from “ sell ” based in part on consumer interest in the Droid X .
The stock also benefited from a report in The Wall Street Journal that Motorola was in talks to sell its telecommunications - equipment business to Nokia Siemens Networks .
Motorola stock closed at $ 7.46 , up 25 cents , or 3.5 percent .
Intel stock climbs
Silicon Valley technology stocks rallied this morning after Intel — the Santa Clara chip bellwether — reported strong earnings after the stock markets closed Tuesday afternoon .
However , investors ’ concerns about the health of the economy pulled down the broader market later in the day .
Intel stock closed at $ 21.36 , up 35 cents , or 1.7 percent .
Earlier in the day , the shares climbed as high as $ 22.25 .
A day earlier , Intel reported a $ 2.9 billion profit for its most recent quarter vs. a $ 398 million loss a year earlier , when the chip giant had to pay a large fine to the European Union .
Revenue jumped 34 percent to a record $ 10.8 billion .
With CEO Paul Otellini reporting healthy demand for personal computers , servers and “ leading - edge technology , ” Intel forecast $ 11.2 billion to $ 12 billion in revenue for its current quarter .
GM electric car
Hoping to spark consumer interest in its Chevrolet Volt electric car , General Motors is offering an eight - year or 100,000 - mile warranty on the vehicle ’s battery .
“ The Chevrolet Volt ’s batteries have exceeded our performance targets and are ready to hit the road , ” Micky Bly , GM ’s executive director of global electrical systems , said in a statement today .
“ Our customers are making a commitment to technology that will help reduce our dependence on petroleum , ” Bly said .
“ In turn , we are making a commitment to our customers . ”
GM will start selling the Volt in California and other states late this year .
According to The Associated Press , the Volt is expected to cost about $ 35,000 .
Twitter ‘ @earlybird ’ deals
Twitter — the San Francisco microblogging site ( which lets you share your thoughts online , as long as you can keep them to 140 characters or less ) — revealed today that it ’s working with deal sites Groupon and Gilt Groupe on offers for its new ‘ @earlybird ’ feed .
In a post on the startup ’s official blog this morning , spokesman Matt Graves said ‘ earlybird ’ offers will come from those sites and directly from Twitter advertisers .
Since the feed was announced last week , more than 46,000 Twitter members have signed up to follow ‘ earlybird . ’
Silicon Valley tech stocks
Up : Apple , Google , Cisco Systems , Oracle , Intel , Hewlett - Packard , VMware , eBay .
Down : Gilead Sciences , Yahoo .
The tech - heavy Nasdaq composite index : Up 7.81 , or 0.3 percent , to 2,249.84 .
The blue chip Dow Jones industrial average : Up 3.70 to 10,366.72 .
And the widely watched Standard & Poor ’s 500 index : Down 0.17 to 1,095.17 .
Check in weekday afternoons for the 60 - Second Business Break , a summary of news from Mercury News staff writers , The Associated Press , Bloomberg News and other wire services .
Contact Frank Russell at 408-920-5876 .
Follow him at Twitter.com / mercspike .
Jeremy Grantham , who has long had investments in Timber and Natural Resources , puts a surprising smackdown on the Global Warming denialist crowd .
In the updated version of Bailout Nation , I specifically mention the same think tanks slavish devotion to ideology and disproven ideas ( EMH , etc. ) .
I find it encouraging Grantham calls them out as well .
>
Everything You Need to Know About Global Warming in 5 Minutes
1 ) The amount of carbon dioxide ( CO2 ) in the atmosphere , after at least several hundred thousand years of remaining within a constant range , started to rise with the advent of the Industrial Revolution .
It has increased by almost 40 % and is rising each year .
This is certain and straightforward .
2 ) One of the properties of CO2 is that it creates a greenhouse effect and , all other things being equal , an increase in its concentration in the atmosphere causes the Earth ’s temperature to rise .
This is just physics .
( The amount of other greenhouse gases in the atmosphere , such as methane , has also risen steeply since industrialization , which has added to the impact of higher CO2 levels . )
3 ) Several other factors , like changes in solar output , have major inﬂuences on climate over millennia , but these effects have been observed and measured .
They alone cannot explain the rise in the global temperature over the past 50 years .
4 ) The uncertainties arise when it comes to the interaction between greenhouse gases and other factors in the complicated climate system .
It is impossible to be sure exactly how quickly or how much the temperature will rise .
But , the past can be measured .
The temperature has indeed steadily risen over the past century while greenhouse gas levels have increased .
But the forecasts still range very widely for what will happen in the future , ranging from a small but still potentially harmful rise of 1 to 2 degrees Fahrenheit to a potentially disastrous level of +6 to +10 degrees Fahrenheit within this century .
A warmer atmosphere melts glaciers and ice sheets , and causes global sea levels to rise .
A warmer atmosphere also contains more energy and holds more water , changing the global occurrences of storms , ﬂ oods , and other extreme weather events .
5 ) Skeptics argue that this wide range of uncertainty about future temperature changes lowers the need to act : “ Why spend money when you ’re not certain ? ”
But since the penalties can rise at an accelerating rate at the tail , a wider range implies a greater risk ( and a greater expected value of the costs . )
This is logically and mathematically rigorous and yet is still argued .
6 ) Pascal asks the question :
What is the expected value of a very small chance of an inﬁ nite loss ?
And , he answers , “ Inﬁnite . ”
In this example , what is the cost of lowering CO2 output and having the long - term effect of increasing CO2 turn out to be nominal ?
The cost appears to be equal to foregoing , once in your life , six months ’ to one year ’s global growth – 2 % to 4 % or less .
The beneﬁts , even with no warming , include : energy independence from the Middle East ; more jobs , since wind and solar power and increased efﬁciency are more labor - intensive than another coal -ﬁ red power plant ; less pollution of streams and air ; and an early leadership role for the U.S. in industries that will inevitably become important .
Conversely , what are the costs of not acting on prevention when the results turn out to be serious : costs that may dwarf those for prevention ; and probable political destabilization from droughts , famine , mass migrations , and even war .
And , to Pascal ’s real point , what might be the cost at the very extreme end of the distribution : Deﬁnitely life changing , possibly life threatening . ﻿
7 ) The biggest cost of all from global warming is likely to be the accumulated loss of biodiversity .
This features nowhere in economic cost - beneﬁt analysis because , not surprisingly , it is hard to put a price on that which is priceless .
8 ) A special word on the right - leaning think tanks :
As libertarians , they abhor the need for government spending or even governmental leadership , which in their opinion is best left to private enterprise .
In general , this may be an excellent idea .
But global warming is a classic tragedy of the commons – seeking your own individual advantage , for once , does not lead to the common good , and the problem desperately needs government leadership and regulation .
Sensing this , these think tanks have allowed their drive for desirable policy to trump science .
Not a good idea .
9 ) Also , I should make a brief note to my own group – die hard contrarians .
Dear fellow contrarians , I know the majority is usually wrong in the behavioral jungle of the stock market .
And Heaven knows I have seen the soft scientists who lead ﬁnance theory attempt to bully their way to a uniform acceptance of the bankrupt theory of rational expectations and market efﬁciency .
But climate warming involves hard science .
The two most prestigious bastions of hard science are the National Academy in the U.S. and the Royal Society in the U.K. , to which Isaac Newton and the rest of that huge 18th century cohort of brilliant scientists belonged .
The presidents of both societies wrote a note recently , emphasizing the seriousness of the climate problem and that it was man-made .
( See the attachment to last quarter ’s Letter . )
Both societies have also made full reports on behalf of their membership stating the same .
Do we believe the whole elite of science is in a conspiracy ?
At some point in the development of a scientiﬁc truth , contrarians risk becoming ﬂat earthers .
10 ) Conspiracy theorists claim to believe that global warming is a carefully constructed hoax driven by scientists desperate for … what ?
Being needled by nonscientiﬁc newspaper reports , by blogs , and by right - wing politicians and think tanks ?
Most hard scientists hate themselves or their colleagues for being in the news .
Being a climate scientist spokesman has already become a hindrance to an academic career , including tenure .
I have a much simpler but plausible “ conspiracy theory ” : that fossil energy companies , driven by the need to protect hundreds of billions of dollars of proﬁ ts , encourage obfuscation of the inconvenient scientiﬁ c results .
11 ) Why are we arguing the issue ?
Challenging vested interests as powerful as the oil and coal lobbies was never going to be easy .
Scientists are not naturally aggressive defenders of arguments .
In short , they are conservatives by training : never , ever risk overstating your ideas .
The skeptics are far , far more determined and expert propagandists to boot .
They are also well funded .
That smoking caused cancer was obfuscated deliberately and effectively for 20 years at a cost of hundreds of thousands of extra deaths .
We know that for certain now , yet those who caused this fatal delay have never been held accountable .
The proﬁ ts of the oil and coal industry make tobacco ’s resources look like a rounding error .
In some notable cases , the obfuscators of global warming actually use the same “ experts ” as the tobacco industry did !
The obfuscators ’ simple and direct motivation – making money in the near term , which anyone can relate to – combined with their resources and , as it turns out , propaganda talents , have meant that we are arguing the science long after it has been nailed down .
I , for one , admire them for their P.R. skills , while wondering , as always : “ Have they no grandchildren ? ”
12 ) Almost no one wants to change .
The long - established status quo is very comfortable , and we are used to its deﬁciencies .
But for this problem we must change .
This is never easy .
13 ) Almost everyone wants to hear good news .
They want to believe that dangerous global warming is a hoax .
They , therefore , desperately want to believe the skeptics .
This is a problem for all of us .
Postscript
Global warming will be the most important investment issue for the foreseeable future .
But how to make money around this issue in the next few years is not yet clear to me .
In a fast - moving ﬁeld rife with treacherous politics , there will be many failures .
Marketing a “ climate ” fund would be much easier than outperforming with it .
Article content continued
Mr. Wilson said the Port Authority will forge a public - private partnership to build the tunnel .
He said , “ well over a half - dozen firms of repute ” have expressed interest in investing in the project , without disclosing their names .
The bidding process will take place in the first quarter of 2011 , he said .
Much of the money used to pay for the tunnel will come from the airport ’s $ 20 - per - fare improvement fee , Mr. Wilson said .
Councillor Adam Vaughan , a vocal opponent of the airport ’s expansion , said the tunnel is a “ pipe dream ” that will not increase traffic to the terminal .
“ I do n’t think the tunnel is a viable proposition , he said .
“ There are a number of unanswered questions ”
He said public support for tunnel to the island is dwindling because Toronto residents and tourists will not be able to use the pathway to access island beaches , residences and attractions .
On July 9 , the Toronto Port Authority released a study conducted by Ipsos Reid claiming 56 % of Torontonians who were sampled supported the link , down six percentage points from 2009 .
Mr. Vaughan also said the Port Authority is unaccountable , and the claim that the construction of the tunnel will use no public money is dubious at best .
“ [ The Toronto Port Authority ] is a rogue federal agency spending taxpayers ’ money , ” he said .
The councillor said he believes Porter Airlines ’ future growth at the airport is in jeopardy .
Porter Airlines , which , up until next fall , is the airport ’s only tenant airline , had aimed to put forward an initial public offering of its stock this year , but cancelled its plans in June citing “ unfavourable market conditions . ”
Porter Airlines CEO Robert Deluce was unavailable for comment .
National Post
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100 % accurate .
... fighting accusations that he reacted too slowly to contain a massive oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico ... president Barack Obama met with the co chairs of the commission he created ... to make policy recommendations about offshore oil drilling ... we have an obligation to investigate what went well ... and to determine what reforms are needed so the we never have ... to experience ... a crisis like this again ... the walls are blokes are insufficient to prevent such a spill ... the laws must change ... that oversight was inadequate to enforce these laws ...
Oversight has to be reformed ...
Peachey meanwhile is preparing an un tested planned to use the dome to funnel oil to a tanker on the surface ... if that fails it 's possible ... that up to nineteen thousand barrels of oil a day will leak into the Gulf ... until relief wells are completed which wo n't be until at least August ... as a result of this disaster lives have been lost ... businesses have been decimated ... communities that are guarding known great ... hardship ... now face the spectre of sudden painful economic dislocations ... on Toll damage is being done to the environment ... there was the could last for decades ... the oil slick has spread over one hundred miles of Louisiana 's coast ... with the two thousand and ten Atlantic hurricane season beginning Tuesday ... experts here are a big storm could drive more loyal issuer ... and forced McGuinty and the U S government ... chooses and cleanup efforts ...
John decker ...
Reuters ...
cryptogon.com news – analysis – conspiracies
July 10th , 2010
Via : Bloomberg :
Tesla Motors Inc. , an electric carmaker working with Toyota Motor Corp. on battery - powered autos , said it will deliver two rechargeable prototypes to Toyota this month as a first step in their alliance .
Toyota , the world ’s largest seller of hybrid autos , in May said it would invest $ 50 million in Palo Alto , California - based Tesla and jointly develop electric models with the startup .
Both prototypes are modified Toyota vehicles , said JB Straubel , Tesla ’s chief technology officer .
“ Since our announcement in May , Toyota and Tesla engineering teams have made a lot of progress in a short amount of time and it is exciting to start seeing some initial results , ” Straubel said today in an e-mail message .
Tesla has signed an agreement “ to deliver two electric vehicle prototypes to Toyota by the end of the month , ” he said .
Energy , Technology | Posted in Economy Top Of Page
Saving money can cost a fortune .
The government 's decision to scrap the Sustainable Development Commission will save £ 3 m a year .
It is likely to cost the taxpayer many times more .
The environment department 's announcement that it would stop funding the SDC coincided this morning with the publication of the commission 's latest ( and last ) report on the government 's green progress .
This report shows that even the modest measures the previous government introduced to save energy and water and reduce waste have cut the state 's annual bills by £ 60 m to £ 70 m .
It goes on to find hundreds of millions of pounds of further possible savings , by identifying the kind of waste which – or so you would imagine – the government would be glad to uncover .
It shows how civil servants can cut their use of road fuel , extend the life of their computers and drive down energy costs in government buildings .
That – among other things – is what the SDC is for .
Junking it is the definitive false economy : spoiling the ship for a ha' pence of tar .
It blows away two of the government 's central claims : that its spending decisions will be rational and rigorous , and that it will be the " greenest government ever " .
When you remember that the £ 1.9 m
Westminster spends on the SDC ( the rest is supplied by the three other UK governments or assemblies ) is no more than a rounding error on the costs of renewing the Trident missile system , which it refuses even to include in the defence review , you begin to suspect that this decision has little to do with saving money and a lot to do with ridding itself of a turbulent priest .
The commission is a strange beast : while it makes reams of constructive suggestions , it has also been one of the government 's harshest critics .
This is a dangerous place to be for an organisation wholly dependent on government funding , but it is also an essential function .
Without critical scrutiny of their decisions , governments mess up .
This is why we have parliamentary committees ; but the SDC was able to extend and supplement their work with reports much more detailed and probing than parliament has been able to produce .
As well as holding central government to account , it has helped schools and the NHS greatly to reduce their carbon emissions , pushed the last government into launching its Great British Refurb programme for improving the energy efficiency of housing , waged war on construction waste and pressed the state to protect consumers from the predatory behaviour of energy companies .
It has also been an amazingly radical voice within the government , asking questions that scarcely any MPs dare to put .
It has , for example , championed the idea of a steady - state economy , publishing Tim Jackson 's ground - breaking report Prosperity Without Growth ?.
The government wo n't be hearing such messages from any other agency or department .
Scrapping the commission is stupid , irrational and counter - productive .
It suggests that , for all its talk of listening and engaging , the new government can't handle criticism and fears effective scrutiny .
That 's another way of saying that its instincts are not very democratic .
In a highly unusual move to contain public anger over the alleged torture death of a 28 - year - old blogger last month , President Hosni Mubarak 's son , Gamal , said that justice will be served against police officers charged in the case .
Gamal Mubarak , a top member of the ruling National Democratic Party who is often mentioned as a successor to his father , rarely speaks to the media about sensitive issues , especially something as volatile as the death of Khaled Saied .
However , the anger and demonstrations in the wake of the alleged beating of Saied at the hands of two police officers in Alexandria seems to have forced the 46 - year - old politician to change his strategies ahead of the 2011 presidential elections .
" Justice must take its course , and this applies to the case of the death of Egyptian citizen Khaled Saied in Alexandria , especially after the prosecutor general referred the accused to court , " Mubarak told Egyptian media .
" The party insists on the accountability of any wrongdoer within the framework of justice , transparency and the rule of the law . "
Star Trek fans will remember " tractor beams , " lasers that allowed the Starship Enterprise to trap and move objects .
Tel Aviv University is now turning this science fiction into science fact -- on a nano scale .
A new tool developed by Tel Aviv University , Holographic Optical Tweezers ( HOTs ) use holographic technology to manipulate up to 300 nanoparticles at a time , such as beads of glass or polymer , that are too small and delicate to be handled with traditional laboratory instruments .
The technology , also known as " optical tweezers , " could form the basis for tomorrow 's ultra-fast , light - powered communication devices and quantum computers , says Dr. Yael Roichman of Tel Aviv University 's School of Chemistry .
She 's using these tweezers to build nano structures that control beams of light , aiding in the development of anything from optical microscopes to light - fuelled computer technology , she reports .
Holding onto the light
HOTS are a new family of optical tools that use a strongly - focused light beam to trap , manipulate and transform small amounts of matter .
First proposed as a scientific theory in 1986 and prototyped by a University of Chicago team in 1997 , holographic optical tweezers have been lauded as indispensible for researching cutting - edge ideas in physics , chemistry , and biology .
Dr. Roichman and her team of researchers are currently pioneering the use of optical tweezers to create the next generation of photonic devices .
Made out of carefully arranged particles of materials such as silicon oxide and titanium oxide , these devices have the ability to insulate light , allowing less energy to be lost in transmission .
" Our invention could increase transmission speed and save energy , important for long - life batteries in computers , for instance , " says Dr. Roichman .
Photons are already used in optical fibers that bring us everyday luxuries like cable TV .
But Dr. Roichman says this technology can be taken much further .
In her lab at Tel Aviv University , she is advancing the previous study of photonic crystals , which control and harness light , by manipulating a variety of particles to create 3D heterogeneous structures .
The ability to insulate light in a novel way , preserving its potential energy , is central to this goal .
No known material today can resist the flow of light -- its energy is either absorbed by , reflected off , or passed through materials .
But Dr. Roichman has devised a new layering technique using special crystals central to the creation of photonic devices .
These photonic crystals are arranged to create a path along which light can travel .
If they 're arranged correctly , she says , the light is trapped along the path .
In Dr. Roichman 's approach , different materials are added to absorb or amplify light as required .
She is hopeful that the ability to build these devices will transform communications , telescopic instruments , and even medical technology , making them more efficient and powerful .
Shining a light into a bacterium 's belly
One project Dr. Roichman is working on tracks the effectiveness of antibiotics .
Her improvements to optical microscopy will , for the first time , allow researchers to look at the internal processes within bacteria and see how different types of antibiotics attack them .
More than that , her optical tweezers can isolate the bacteria to be studied , handling them without killing them .
Dr. Roichman , whose previous research was published in the journals Applied Optics and Physics Review Letters , notes that HOTs give researchers a platform with infinite possibilities .
They give science a valuable tool to reach into the microscopic world -- and their building potential is endless .
Dr. Roichman is the incumbent of The Raymond and Beverly Sackler Career Development Chair .
###
American Friends of Tel Aviv University ( www.aftau.org) supports
Israel 's leading and most comprehensive and most sought - after center of higher learning .
Ranked # 114 in the world in independent rankings , TAU 's innovations and discoveries are cited more often by the global scientific community than all but 20 other universities worldwide .
Internationally recognized for the scope and groundbreaking nature of its research programs , Tel Aviv University consistently produces work with profound implications for the future .
When Sen. Byron L. Dorgan ( D - N.D. ) rose to the Senate floor last summer and passionately argued for keeping the federal estate tax , he left one person with an interest in retaining the tax unmentioned .
The multibillion - dollar life - insurance industry , which was fighting to preserve the tax because life insurers have a lucrative business selling policies and annuities to Americans for estate planning , has employed Dorgan 's wife as a lobbyist since 1999 .
A few months earlier , Sen. Elizabeth Dole ( R - N.C. ) had pleaded for restraint as she urged colleagues to avoid overreacting to the news that the Bush administration had let a United Arab Emirates company take over operations at six U.S. ports .
At the same time , her husband , Robert J. Dole , a former senator and presidential nominee , was registered to lobby for that company and was advising it on how to save the deal from the political firestorm .
According to Senate lobbying records , the former Member represents a number of big - named clients , including Peabody Energy , Air Canada , Advance Auto Parts , the National Association of Broadcasters and Vanguard Health Systems -- companies with substantial legislative interests during the 111th Congress .
Max Sandlin did not respond to requests for comment for this story .
Herseth Sandlin ’s campaign also declined to discuss the matter in detail , offering only this statement from campaign spokeswoman Betsy Hart in an e-mail : “ It is the policy of Representative Herseth Sandlin that no member of her family may lobby her or any member of her staff . ”
The Congresswoman ’s policy appears to be in line with House ethics rules , said Ken Gross , a lawyer at Skadden , Arps , Slate , Meagher & Flom .
After a wave of negative press , Democratic leaders in both chambers adopted new -- but separate -- guidelines in the Honest Leadership and Open Government Act of 2007 , a proposal that attempted to curb the perceived cozy relationship both parties had with for - profit interests .
... Senate records show that Max Sandlin and his firm were paid $ 160,000 in 2009 by Baptist Health Care to lobby on its behalf , including for an “ increase in [ the ] new market tax credit ” in a Democratic - backed stimulus package that Herseth Sandlin ultimately voted for .
The National Association of Broadcasters paid Sandlin and his firm $ 320,000 over the past two years to lobby on a variety of issues , including a bill co-sponsored by his wife , the Local Radio Freedom Act .
And Advance Auto Parts employed Sandlin and his firm last year to lobby on the Employee Free Choice Act , legislation co-sponsored by Herseth Sandlin .
The contentious “ card check ” bill , which would make it easier for workers to unionize , is a top target of manufacturers and others in the business community .
Republicans say Herseth Sandlin ’s committee assignments make it difficult for her to avoid conflicts of interest .
She is member of the Agriculture , Natural Resources , Veterans ’ Affairs and Energy Independence and Global Warming panels , which have broad jurisdiction over many of her husband ’s clients .
“ If South Dakotans were put off by Tom Daschle ’s lobbying problems , they ’re going to be incensed with the arrangement between Rep. Herseth Sandlin and her husband , ” National Republican Congressional Committee spokesman Tom Erickson said in a statement .
“ The fact that Max Sandlin earns a living lobbying for legislation before his wife ’s committee and bills she co-sponsors is troubling at best and potentially unethical at worst . ”
Simple answer to the above question -- YES !
YES !
YES !
Republicans are attacking sleazy Blue Dog chairwoman Stephanie Herseth Sandlin because her ex-congressman husband , Max Sandlin the conservative sad sack who was defeated in 2004 by Louie Gohmert when he first popped out of his trashcan , is now a sleazy K Street lobbyist .
Never you mind that Republicans nominatelobbyists to Congress and that their leaders perform the functions of lobbyists once in Congress -- just think of John Boehner handing out pay - off checks on the floor of the House for his paymasters at Big Tobacco or , once again , John Boehner twisting GOP arms to change their votes and support Bush 's 2008 no-strings - attached Wall Street bailout at the behest of his bankster paymasters .
But that still does n't make it wrong -- just grotesquely hypocritical -- for the GOP to squawk about members of Congress having lobbyists in the family .
You 'll know they 're serious about more than just defeating Herseth Sandlin , though , when they tell John Mica ( R - FL ) to stop espousing the causes his family gets paid to present by their Big Oil lobbying clients .
Too close for comfort relationships between lobbyists and congressman are one of the keys to corrupt governance .
In 2006 I watched how Pennsylvania voters in Delaware and Montgomery counties tossed longtime incumbent Curt Weldon out of office -- and elected Joe Sestak -- once it became apparent that Weldon 's daughter set up a lobbying firm with the express purpose of acting as a bag lady and selling her father 's influence to foreign potentates .
It 's long been standard operating procedure among Republicans and all too many Democrats have slipped into the same criminal behavior .
Let me quote a article from 2007 : Wives , husbands , brothers , children , nephews ... scores of them depend on Members of Congress for their lobbying livelihood .
Tom DeLay 's brother was one of the most notorious ever .
Other considered among the most corrupt and sleazy K Street pond scum are Roy Blunt 's wife Abigail , Steven LaTourette 's wife Jennifer , and Kay Bailey Hutchison 's husband , Ray ( the guy who hands out the goodies for Goldman Sachs and Halliburton ) .
Republicans complaining about Stephanie Herseth Sandlin 's lobbyist husband somehow forgot to have mentioned any of them .
And it is n't only relatives , of course , who are doing this .
Former colleagues and staffers do it .
Among prominent former congressional members now lobbying their old pals are three former Senate majority leaders , Bob Dole ( R- KS ) , Tom Daschle ( D - SD ) and Trent Lott ( R - MS ) , two former House majority leaders , Dick Armey , ( R - TX ) and Dick Gephardt ( D - MO ) and one shamelessly corrupt former speaker of the House ( Denny Hastert , R- IL ) .
This is how Congress works and Congress will never stop it unless the voters force them to .
Herseth Sandlin should be defeated in November , even though her opponent is even worse and likely to be even more corrupt .
Labels : Culture of Corruption , lobbyists , Stephanie Herseth Sandlin
Hi all ,
The Snap team is pleased to announce the release of Snap 0.2.7 .
This release contains critical fixes for correctness bugs and all Snap users should upgrade to the latest version ( including snap - server 0.2.7.1 , a point fix for an embarrassing release issue ) at their earliest convenience .
Changes since 0.2.6
New features :
the “ snap ” project starter was reorganized by new Snap contributor Shane O’Brien ( duairc ) .
The HTTP parser in snap - server has a couple of new criterion benchmarks courtesy of Aycan Irican .
the default / simple Snap backend should now have properly functioning timeout support .
Fixes :
fixed a serious HTTP spec bug ; the HTTP spec says that 304 responses are never to contain message bodies , but we were sending ours with “ Transfer - encoding : chunked ” , causing a spurious “ 0\r
\r
” sequence to cause pipelined HTTP sessions to go out of sync .
fixed a bug in the route function related to variable capture .
fixed a couple of minor bugs related to iteratee buffering .
squashed a space leak .
some fixes related to sendfile ( ) support , especially relating to timeouts .
On a temporary basis this has required us to pull in quite a bit of internal code from the sendfile library , because that library uses GHC ’s IO manager for event handling .
( Not so good for us on libev ! )
Upcoming in 0.3
by Martin Brundle
BBC F1 analyst
Formula 1's governing body , the FIA , should immediately assemble all the commissions , councils and empowered people required to cancel regulation 39.1 which prohibits team orders .
It is unworkable and largely not policeable .
The fans , media , and sponsors are best placed to firmly control this one with their remote controls , attendance , words , and cash .
There are hundreds of shades of grey around the interpretation of what constitutes team orders and when it is acceptable through the season to start applying them .
But points won at the first race have the same value as those at the last race .
Watching two world - class sportsmen and a team principal , among others , having to fabricate stories around both this regulation and the circumstances of the German Grand Prix was excruciatingly painful and infuriating .
Of course Ferrari wanted Alonso to win the German Grand Prix ; it 's their only chance of salvaging something from this season .
They 're off the back of three dismal races for various reasons , and Alonso was 21 points ahead of Massa having been performing comfortably better than the recovering Brazilian so far this season .
I would have wanted the same , as would any other leading team on the grid .
So why on earth did Ferrari handle it so badly before , during and after the race ?
I 'm afraid they deserve everything that is thrown at them .
Obviously , they never imagined Massa would be leading from Alonso , although he started on the cleaner side of the grid in third , otherwise they would have pre-empted and choreographed everything so much better .
The fans and media are not stupid .
606 : DEBATE Alonso is Ferrari's only hope and has been driver of the year by a mile in terms of getting pace out of what he has been given
YeehaaF1
The radio discussions which were transmitted are very damning , with Massa 's engineer Rob Smedley initially , as he always does , motivating and encouraging his man to drive faster still .
Then he has to deliver the killer message which we all understood to mean let Alonso past .
On lap 49 it happened , and Massa made it very clear what was going on with a long lift between turns six and seven .
No fumbling on the brakes , or sliding at the exit .
Alonso was slightly faster after he went past , which is a good job as the ' slower ' Massa was still pumping in some fast laps .
Massa should have either have said ' no ' , or done it with some conviction .
After the stops on lap 23 Alonso was clearly quicker on hard tyres , but he fumbled his one chance of a genuine overtake by going the wrong side into Turn Seven .
I 've seen a lot of this team strategy business and my strong advice to any established driver is to simply ignore the request , win the race , and handle the nuclear fallout afterwards .
Otherwise you self - esteem and public credibility are finished .
Mark Webber has a good handle on this , I would say .
Rule 39.1 was introduced after team orders by Ferrari at Austria in 2002 meant Michael Schumacher inherited the lead from team - mate Rubens Barrichello when the German already had a very healthy lead in the championship well before half season .
Back in 2002 , Ferrari were fined $ 1 m for team orders but only $ 100,000 on Sunday , right ?
No , they were fined $ 500,000 with another $ 500,000 suspended for improper procedure on the podium when Schumacher pushed Barrichello onto the top step and gave him the trophy .
At that time team orders were perceived and accepted as part of the history and normal operating procedure of a two - car F1 team .
Teams are obliged to run two cars in their fight for drivers ' and manufacturers ' titles - 24 one - car teams is not practical .
There are any number of ways a driver can be perceived to be assisted or disadvantaged within a team due to testing , parts supply , quality of personnel on each car , tyre and race strategies , fuel loads , pit stops , media releases , psychological and physical support , and many other aspects around running a grand prix car around the globe .
There are numerous occasions where one driver has had to support another and races and championships have been won or lost .
Massa had a ' long ' pit stop in Brazil to help Raikkonen take the title in 2007 .
Kovalainen was often helping Hamilton at McLaren , Irvine assisted Schumacher at Ferrari which could well have lost him the title in 1999 after Schumacher broke his leg .
I could go on and on , taking you right back to the 1950s when drivers last stepped out of their cars mid-race to hand them over .
In Austria in 1986 at Bernie Ecclestone 's Brabham , Derek Warwick had to get out of his car on the grid and they wheeled it forward for Riccardo Patrese whose car had failed on the way to the start !
A team operates its two cars in the best manner in order to win one or both titles , and that 's the way it is , folks .
I just do n't buy the ' what if somebody betted on that ' line ; people should understand that racing cars have punctures and crashes , or get changed around tactically , before they risk their money .
In Jerez 1997 we even had Williams and McLaren using their four cars against Ferrari .
Millions of fans will adore Alonso , millions more will despise him , and he does n't give a fig .
He 's a winning machine who 's found his way from Asturias to already having two F1 championships in his pocket .
Champion racing drivers are ruthless , selfish , complex people .
If you 're looking for someone to love or take on holiday then it's the wrong place to look .
I played the sportsmanlike and balanced role in my career because that 's my nature , like Massa , and I significantly underperformed my potential .
I could have done with some Schumacher and Alonso unreasonableness .
I remember very early in my race commentary on Sunday saying that the wrong Ferrari was in the lead with regard to the championship and it would be interesting to see how they sorted it .
Later we heard the radio calls followed by the lap 49 of 67 lead swap , plus the slowing down lap and podium procedure .
At no time did we read a message that the incident would be investigated by the stewards after the race .
It 's not unreasonable to think that the FIA were reacting to the post race furore .
Maybe that 's unfair but they have a problem now .
The $ 100,000 fine has been applied so the team are officially guilty of breaching the regulations .
Surely the World Council can only add to that penalty at their yet - to - be announced hearing .
FIA president Jean
Todt was of course the long - time boss of the Ferrari team , and his son manages Massa , but from the outset of his appointment he removed himself from an official role in any sporting enquiries .
In a few days ' time we have the Hungarian GP , and Hockenheim will be an old story until the World Council meets .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
I 've been using Java for several years , but have never really yet felt the need for an IDE .
I 've toyed with Eclipse a bit , but for the most part my projects have been small enough that I 've just done them in vim .
At work I 've begun using Java much more heavily , and have been introduced to IntelliJ IDEA .
I really like it so far , and it 's making me wonder how I ever made do without the awesome code completion and refactoring features of a great Java IDE .
I 've had a hard time finding a really good comparison of recent versions of the major IDEs ( Eclipse , NetBeans and IntelliJ ) , so for those of you who have used a few different Java IDEs ( or even those who have only used one ) , what are your favourite features , or the things you most missed when you switched IDEs .
Which one would you recommend to someone new to the world of Java IDEs who has n't yet developed too strong an allegiance ?
Image caption
The killings have shocked and angered many in Turkey
Turkey says it might reduce economic and defence ties with Israel following the deadly raid on a Gaza aid flotilla .
Deputy PM Bulent Arinc said Ankara was " assessing deals with Israel " , once its close ally .
Nine people , mostly Turkish activists , died when Israeli troops stormed a ship trying to break Israel 's blockade of Gaza on Monday .
Turkish PM Recep Tayyip Erdogan said he did not view Hamas , which runs Gaza , as a terrorist organisation .
In Friday 's televised speech , which analysts say will anger Israel , Mr Erdogan described Hamas as " resistance fighters who are struggling to defend their land " .
" I have told this to US officials ...
I do not accept Hamas as a terrorist organisation , " he said .
Hamas , which seized power in Gaza in 2007 , is designated a terrorist organisation by Israel , the US and the EU .
Street protests
In Istanbul on Friday , thousands of people waving Turkish and Palestinian flags and shouting anti-Israeli slogans joined a rally at a memorial service for one of those killed in the raid .
TURKISH-ISRAELI CO -OPERATION
Turkey one of first Muslim - majority nations to recognise Israel in 1949
Both countries signed free - trade agreement in 2000 .
Trade between the two in 2009 was worth $ 2.5 bn
Turkey signed 20 - year deal in 2004 to supply Israel with water
Turkish military buys weapons from Israel and trains with its armed forces .
Turkey has pending defence orders with Israel
Turkey has long been one of the most popular destinations for Israeli tourists Has Israel lost ally Turkey ?
Israel has been widely criticised over the incident , which took place in international waters .
There are conflicting reports as to what happened - the activists say they were attacked , while Israel says its commandos opened fire in self - defence .
Israel says it will not allow aid ships to dock at Gaza , fearing the cargo might contain weapons and other items it wants to prevent reaching Hamas .
Mr Arinc said on Friday that all military and economic deals made with Israel were now being re-evaluated , although he suggested no action would be taken immediately .
" We are serious about this subject , " he told broadcaster NTV .
" We may plan to reduce our relations with Israel to a minimum , but to assume everything involving another country is stopped in an instant , to say we have crossed you out of our address book , is not the custom of our state . "
The BBC's Jonathan Head in Istanbul says Mr Arinc has made it clear that there will be long - term consequences over what happened on the aid ships .
The government will be able to consider what action to take against Israel once the emotions of recent days - as Turkey mourns the dead activists - calms down , our correspondent says .
Friday 's rally in Istanbul centred on a memorial service for journalist Cevdet Kiliclar , who was shot in the head during the Israeli raid .
Thousands turned out in Istanbul on Thursday for the funeral services of eight other victims .
The youngest of the dead activists , 19 - year - old Furkan Dogan - who was born in the US but moved to Turkey as a child - is being buried in his hometown of Kayseri in central Turkey on Friday .
Banned materials
Meanwhile , the MV Rachel Corrie aid ship is heading towards the coast of Gaza , aiming to break the Israeli blockade .
Image caption The MV Rachel Corrie is carrying items banned by Israel
Activists on board told the BBC's Andrew North in Jerusalem by telephone that they aimed to arrive just outside Israel 's 20 - mile ( 30 km ) exclusion zone off Gaza by Saturday morning .
They said there were 20 people on board , including five Irish nationals , six Malaysians and nine crew members .
One of the activists , former Nobel peace prize winner Mairead Corrigan Maguire , said their humanitarian aid shipment included cement and construction materials - items banned by Israel .
Israeli Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman said on Friday that the Rachel Corrie would not be allowed to arrive .
" We will stop the ship , and also any other ship that will try to harm Israeli sovereignty , " he said on Israel 's Channel 1 television .
" There is no chance the Rachel Corrie will reach the coast of Gaza . "
The Rachel Corrie is named after a US college student who was crushed to death by an Israeli army bulldozer as she protested about house demolitions in Gaza .
The Israeli government has offered to take the aid it is carrying in by land , once it has checked there is nothing in the shipment that can be used for weapons .
" We have no desire for a confrontation .
We have no desire to board the ship , " said Israel 's Foreign Ministry Director - General Yossi Gal on Friday .
" If the ship decides to sail to the [ Israeli ] port of Ashdod , then we will ensure its safe arrival and will not board it . "
After Monday 's deadly assault on the other aid ship , Israel 's response is being closely watched , our correspondent says .
Mairead Corrigan
Maguire told him that they planned to sail all the way into Gaza , but would show no resistance or violence if Israeli forces stopped them and boarded the ship .
Suspected mall thief was no match for Moore cheerleader
People who say cheerleaders are n't athletes are wrong , said a 16 - year - old , 5 - foot - 2 , 110 - pound varsity cheerleader from Moore who tackled a fleeing suspected shoplifter at Penn Square Mall .
Cheerleading " makes you strong , " said Kealey Oliver , who will be a junior this year at Moore High School .
The girl said she was walking on the second floor of the mall near Macy's on Sunday afternoon when a man came running toward her with a bag in his hand .
People were yelling , " Thief , thief , " she said .
Searching for a way to provide unlimited clean energy to Earth 's population , Japanese architecture firm Shimizu designed the " Luna Ring , " a solar cell that would be wrapped around the Moon 's equator and beam energy back to Earth .
Advertisement
Says Shimizu on their webiste :
A shift from economical use of limited resources to the unlimited use of clean energy is the ultimate dream of all mankind .
The LUNA RING , our lunar solar power generation concept , translates this dream into reality through ingenious ideas coupled with advanced space technologies .
Virtually inexhaustible , nonpolluting solar energy is the ultimate source of green energy that brings prosperity to nature as well as our lives .
Shimizu Corporation proposes
The LUNA RING for the infinite coexistence of mankind and the Earth .
Advertisement
In their proposal , they explain that robots will be sent to the Moon to prepare the surface for the giant solar ring , whose components will also be built by robots in space .
Then the whole structure will be built on the Moon , supervised by a human colony .
Just in case you were wondering how to build a colony on the Moon , Shimizu has a plan for that too .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Luna Ring via Shimizu ( via Pink Tentacle )
Microsoft has a long and illustrious history of operating system sales .
The model has served the company well on the PC , but if it wants to make money in the phone market , it needs to start thinking like a consumer electronics company .
That means selling Microsoft phones .
Microsoft revolutionized the operating system market back in the early 1980s .
Indeed , Microsoft created the operating system market back in the early 1980s .
Back then , when you bought a computer , it normally had its own special operating system that the vendor bundled ( or even sold at extra cost ) .
Sometimes those operating systems were written by third parties and just rebranded and customized by the hardware vendor ; other times they were written from the ground up by the manufacturer .
But the idea of an operating system that you could just go out and buy and slap onto any machine was a novel one .
With the advent of MS - DOS and the dawn of the IBM PC clone market , this changed .
One operating system could work on machines from IBM , Compaq , Dell , Hewlett - Packard , and every other clone maker .
Microsoft 's great innovation was to sell the operating system as a valuable program in its own right , and in so doing the software maker all but eliminated the differences between different vendors ' systems .
The hardware became an almost irrelevant commodity — the only thing that mattered was whether it could run DOS , and later , Windows .
Many other companies stuck with the old hardware plus custom operating system package .
Most fell by the wayside ; the Amigas and Ataris of this world went out of business , unable to withstand the onslaught of cheap commoditized hardware with a separate operating system .
The custom operating system model lives on in the world of mainframes and , to some extent , commercial UNIXes ( though Sun tried to break Solaris out of this niche ) , but in the consumer space there 's only one company still standing : Apple .
As the Mac OS X license agreement stipulates , Mac OS X is only allowed on Apple - branded hardware .
Commodity hardware , or vertical integration ?
Microsoft is a firm believer in the model of commoditized hardware with a third party , hardware agnostic operating system ( just as long as the operating system is bought from Microsoft , of course ) , and it 's true that the model has worked very well for the company over the years ; 175 million Windows 7 licenses is nothing to be sniffed at .
But this model has n't always worked out so well for Redmond 's other post - PC efforts .
The company tried a similar tack with its ineffective attempts to get a toehold in the portable music player market .
The approach here was a little different , but the aims were broadly the same : Microsoft wanted to sell its own scheme for DRM - protected audio , PlaysForSure , to a range of hardware vendors and online stores .
In this way , Microsoft would take a cut both from each hardware device sold ( as vendors had to license the ability to play back PlaysForSure - protected files ) , and from each PlaysForSure - protected song sold .
It did n't work out very well ; the value of the iPod was that it offered a unified hardware , firmware , and store experience that all worked well together , and the piecemeal PlaysForSure system could never replicate this .
Belatedly the software giant recognized this and produced the Zune and later the Zune HD .
Both of these offered the end - to - end integration of the iPod — hardware , device interface , PC software , and online store — something that PlaysForSure had never achieved .
This move aggravated the PlaysForSure partners —
Microsoft was now competing with them head on , with an integrated offering that was n't even PlaysForSure compatible , but gave Microsoft a much better product .
The problem was that it was just too late ; the iPod was deeply entrenched , and for reasons best known to Redmond , the company decided to only sell the Zune HD in the US — that is to say , the market where Apple 's presence was strongest , and the market in which Zune HD was least likely to make an impact .
The first - generation Zunes were not entirely inspiring , as they were rush jobs based on existing Toshiba MP3 players .
But the Zune HD was an all - new design , and it was a high - quality , attractive , well - designed piece of hardware .
If nothing else , it demonstrated that Redmond can , in fact , produce decent consumer electronics devices , with a look that appeals , an interface that works well , and attractive PC software .
The Xbox 360 , for all its hardware problems , makes a similar case .
The red ring of death flaws certainly detract from the Xbox 360 as a piece of design .
But ultimately , it 's a well - liked , well - designed appliance , and it shows off the benefits of vertical integration .
As with the Zune HD , the Xbox 360 shows that Microsoft can build a tightly integrated combination of hardware , software , and online services .
Though it may not ever make much money , for various reasons , it nonetheless serves to demonstrate that Redmond can do the consumer electronics thing properly .
Still , there are other areas where Redmond is persisting with its licensed operating system model .
Phones are , of course , the big one .
Windows Mobile is sold to OEMs to stick on the devices they build , and it's up to the manufacturers to produce elegant , attractive hardware .
Windows Mobile is also highly customizable , and many handset manufacturers exploit this to add their own custom front - ends to make up for various flaws in the standard Windows Mobile user interface .
Microsoft has had a little success with this model , but that success has been waning .
The introduction of the iPhone was the turning point ; it offered the same end - to - end integration that the iPod had , and it brought it to the phone .
A strong user interface , compelling industrial design , integration with an online music store , and an easy - to - use application store , all of which showed the value of vertical integration in a smartphone .
Consumers liked what they saw .
I ’ve been critical of the National Association for Law Placement ( NALP ) in the past , but you have to give them credit for at least one thing : they have been tirelessly trying to make people understand that most lawyers do not make $ 160,000 a year straight out of law school .
In fact , NALP has been at the forefront of educating prospective lawyers on the dangers of focusing on “ average ” starting salaries .
The average is meaningless .
The median is just slightly more helpful , and NALP has been begging people to pay attention to the bimodal salary distribution curve that tells the true story of how much lawyers are likely to get paid .
And the bimodal curve is only useful if you are actually lucky enough to secure full - time employment .
If you have to work part - time , God help you …
NALP is now telling us that 25 % of 2009 law school graduates are working temporary jobs .
And we already know that a number of full - time lawyers are working in public interest jobs .
While those people still count as “ employed upon graduation ” by law schools eager to rope in the next generation of tuition dollars valued students , their salary expectations have nothing to do with the golden , $ 160 K dream .
From a NALP press release ( gavel bang : ABA Journal ) :
According to James Leipold , NALP ’s executive director , “ As a matter of consumer information , especially for students who are considering applying to law school , the adjusted mean provides a better benchmark than the unadjusted mean , because it accounts for the larger number of lower salaries that are not reported .
Nevertheless , the overall mean for starting salaries , whether adjusted or unadjusted , is best used to measure the rise and fall of aggregate salaries over time , and not the likelihood of earning a particular salary when graduating from law school .
As the distribution of starting lawyer salaries makes clear , very few new law school graduates earn anything close to the mean .
Instead , many graduates will earn much more than the mean salary , and many more will earn much less . ”
We like James Leipold , so we ’re willing to help him out .
Here is the bimodal salary distribution curve for the class of 2008 .
Please look at it and try to understand what it means :
UPDATE : And here , courtesy of NALP , is the salary curve for the class of 2009 ( which looks roughly similar ) :
A lot of wanna - be lawyers claim that they do n’t even want to make $ 160 K .
Fine .
But understand the curve .
If you do n’t make $ 160 K , it ’s not likely that you ’ll make just a little bit less — say , $ 120 K .
It ’s not likely that you ’ll make the average ; it ’s not even likely that you ’ll make the median .
If you do n’t win the $ 160 K lottery , chances are you ’ll be clumped into the left - hand side of the curve , earning somewhere between $ 30,000 and $ 60,000 a year .
That ’s the kind of pay that a lot of people can get without three years of post - graduate education and six figures of debt .
And that ’s fine .
It ’s wonderful … if you really want to be a lawyer .
Market for Law Graduates Changes with Recession : Class of 2009 Faced New Challenges [ NALP ]
25 % of 2009 Grads in Temp Jobs ; Few Actually Earn $ 72 K Pay Median , NALP Says [ ABA Journal ]
The United States and the NATO allies are preparing to disengage and soon withdraw from Afghanistan and even the most vocal advocates of the " long - term commitment " do not anticipate more than five years of active US and NATO involvement .
All the local key players — in Kabul , Islamabad , and countless tribal and localized foci of power — are cognizant and are already maneuvering and posturing to deal with the new reality .
Irrespective of the political solution and / or compromise which will emerge in Kabul , the US is leaving behind a huge powder keg of global and regional significance with a short fuse burning profusely : namely , the impact of Afghanistan ’s growing , expanding and thriving heroin economy .
The issue at hand is not just the significant impact which the easily available and relatively cheap heroin has on the addiction rates in Russia , Europe , Central Asia , Iran , Pakistan , and Afghanistan , and the consequent public health , social stability and mortality - rate issues .
In global terms , the key threat is the impact that the vast sums of drug money has on the long - term regional stability of vast tracks of Eurasia : namely , the funding of a myriad of “ causes ” ranging from jihadist terrorism and subversion to violent and destabilizing secessionism and separatism .
Russia is most concerned with these developments because most of them occur on Russia ’s own doorstep and soft underbelly .
Moreover , Russia has always been cognizant of the potential dangers emanating from chaos at the Heart of Asia and the Greater Black Sea Basin .
As a result , the Kremlin embarked on a major initiative to secure long - term international commitment to resolving Afghanistan ’s endemic narcotics problem , which means consolidating a stable form of governance and thus eliminating the consequences of the region - wide narco - funded terrorism and destabilization .
On June 9 - 10 , 2010 , the Kremlin convened in Moscow an international forum entitled Afghan Drug Production : A Challenge to the International Community as the launch of the international drive to resolve Afghanistan ’s long - term challenges where Russian Pres.
Dmitry Medvedev delivered the opening speech .
“ We consider drug addiction the most serious threat to the development of our country and the health of our people , ” he said .
Medvedev urged the international community to curtail the global spread of drug crimes which fuel terrorism .
This would be possible , Medvedev argued , if the international community did not politicize the fight against drugs , narco - criminality , and narco - terrorism .
“ The fight against the drug threat should be removed from any kind of politicization , ” Medvedev stressed .
He warned that any “ political games ” on such crucial issues are inadmissible for they “ undermine our joint international efforts and weaken our anti-drugs coalition . ”
Viktor Ivanov , the Director of Russia ’s Federal Service for the Control of Narcotics , articulated the Kremlin ’s case why the Afghan drug production is an international rather than a local or regional threat .
“ The time has come to qualify the status of Afghan drug production as a threat to world peace and security , ” Ivanov said .
“ This is a key postulate of the action plan that was proposed by Russia to the international community and voiced at NATO headquarters , the European Parliament and Beijing . ”
The Kremlin considers global drug trafficking to be far more destructive than terrorism alone because drug money is the primary facilitator of numerous threats including terrorism .
The long - term resolution of the crisis in Afghanistan is a precondition , Ivanov explained , because “ it was drug production that had given rise to rife political and economic instability in Afghanistan …
It is Afghan drug traffic that fuels terrorists in the North Caucasus ; we need to work together to fight it . ”
Ivanov stressed the Kremlin ’s conviction that Afghan drug trafficking “ is a global problem ” because it “ feeds transnational crime and terrorism all over the world ” and thus merits international solution .
Heroin production in Afghanistan has vastly expanded since the US - led forces entered in the Autumn of 2001 .
Initially , poppy cultivation centered in the southern and , to a lesser extent , north - eastern provinces - all focus of US and NATO military activities .
Presently , poppy cultivation and drug- related activities have spread throughout most of Afghanistan .
For example , a large number of heroin - processing labs — presently estimated at about 200 — were built as well .
However , ISAF [ the International Security Assistance Force , in Afghanistan ] prefers to largely ignore the growing narcotics problems for fear of alienating the farmer population that might resent losing its livelihood .
However , the US main concern has always been alienating the Kabul - centric political élite , the very same élite which is , at the very core of , and key to , the US - led effort to establish a centralized government in Kabul and a functioning state in Afghanistan .
With drug money fueling the political machine which is crucial to the US nation - building efforts , the US has no interest in undermining Afghanistan ’s narco - economy .
In the Moscow forum , US senior officials acknowledged the US reluctance to commit to the eradication of Afghanistan ’s poppy cultivation and narco - economy .
Patrick Ward , the Acting Deputy Director for Supply Reduction at the White House Office of National Drug Control Policy , warned that intense anti-narcotics operations “ will further undermine the rule of law and reinforce the nexus between drugs and terrorism ” .
He stated that US and ISAF forces must not find themselves in a position where they were perceived as the instrument of eradicating “ the only source of income of people who live in the second poorest country of the world ” .
The US Ambassador to Russia , John Beyrle , reiterated that the US would not take Russia ’s advice about eradicating Afghanistan ’s opium harvests anytime soon for fear of engendering popular alienation .
UNODC Director Antonio Maria Costa agreed that “ there is no rôle for NATO forces in eradication at the farm level ” because this will push the population into the arms of the Taliban .
However , he urged the US and NATO to embark on a comprehensive program to solve Afghanistan ’s drugs menace at the national - political level ; alluding to the centrality of narco - funds in Afghanistan ’s politics and power élite .
But the problem of Afghanistan ’s drugs cannot be ignored by the West because the primary strategic long - term impact of Afghanistan ’s drugs is the use of the drug money along the distribution routes from Afghanistan - Pakistan through the energy - rich Central Asia to the western Balkans , mainly Kosovo .
The intimate relationships and close cooperation between the drug trade , international terrorism and separatism are not new phenomena .
In the early - 1990s , the Sunni jihadist leadership assumed leadership over a thriving joint action .
Specific fatwas from Islamist luminaries authorize these highly irregular , seemingly un-Islamic activities because they also contribute to the destruction of Western society and civilization .
The Sunni Islamist fatwas are based on and derived from earlier rulings of the higher Shiite courts issued in connection with operations of HizbAllah and Iranian intelligence .
The logic of these activities was elucidated in the mid-1980s in the HizbAllah ’s original fatwa on the distribution of drugs :
“ We are making these drugs for Satan : America and the Jews .
If we can not kill them with guns so we will kill them with drugs . ”
The main reason , however , for the Sunni jihadist embracing of the drug - trade was practicality .
In the early - 1990s , the fledgling jihadist leadership concluded that an intricate system of funding activities in the West was needed .
By then , Gulbaddin Hekmatyar was getting ready to ship drugs from Afghanistan to the West and was willing to divert profits from this drug trade to support the fledgling terrorist networks in return for the arrangement of a viable system of money laundering .
An up - and - coming young activist — Osama bin Laden — used his knowledge of the Western financial system and his family ’s connections with the European banking system in order to organize the new financial system for jihad .
At that time , the net worth of the Islamist network was estimated at $ 600 - million in the West alone .
Another founding father of the narco - jihadist alliance was Shamil Basayev .
Between April and June 1994 , Basayev led a high - level Chechen delegation on a visit to an ISI - sponsored terrorist training infrastructure in both Pakistan and Afghanistan in order to arrange for advanced training and expert help , funding for the Chechen Jihad , and acquisition of weapons .
In Afghanistan , the Chechens visited the ISI ’s training facilities in the Khowst area , then run under the banner of Gulbaddin Hekmatyar ’s Hizb - i - Islami .
In Pakistan , the Chechens had a series of high level meetings with the Pakistani leaders who for a period became the patrons of the Chechen Jihad , arranging for the establishment of a comprehensive training and arming program for the Chechens in Pakistan and Afghanistan .
As a primary source of funds for their jihad , the Chechens were offered a major rôle in the expanding push of heroin from Afghanistan - Pakistan into Europe .
The Chechen jihad would be handsomely rewarded for facilitating forward distribution facilities at the gates of Europe .
Toward this end , Basayev met with individuals identified as “ former ISI senior officials ” , who provided contacts for the drugs and weapons smuggling operations .
Moreover , in early 1994 , senior Pakistani officials were reported to have intervened with the Taliban leadership to ensure the uninterrupted flow of heroin from the Helmand valley via Qandahar and Jalalabad .
Under the new arrangements , the heroin would now be shipped northwards to an airfield near Chitral , Pakistan , from where the drugs , as well as a growing number of Chechens and Arab - Afghan volunteers , were flown to Chechnya .
As the volume of heroin increased , truck convoys were dispatched across Central Asia .
By the late - 1990s , as the sums of money available from the drug trade increased , bin Laden and the “ Russian Mafiya ” ( in both Russia and several former - Soviet states ) established a complex sophisticated money - laundering operation described by an insider as “ an extended and octopus - like network that uses political names in Asia and Africa in return for commissions . ”
The funds were used to finance the Taliban movement and a host of jihadist terrorist operations worldwide .
Bin Laden made a commission on these transactions and used this resource to fund his favorite jihadist networks and spectacular terrorism .
By now , the annual income of the Taliban from the drug trade was estimated at $ 8 - billion .
Bin Laden was administering and managing these funds — laundering them through his Mafiya connection — in return for a commission of between 10 and 15 percent , which provided an annual income of about a billion dollars for the jihad .
All of this was rattled around the turn of the century .
First , the Taliban leadership offered to stop the poppy growing as part of its desperate effort to gain legitimacy and support from the West .
Although the Taliban eradicated virtually all poppy cultivation in southern Afghanistan , they permitted the jihadists to continue selling heroin from cached stockpiles .
By the time US forces entered Afghanistan in the Autumn of 2001 , there was virtually no poppy cultivation .
However , the US and NATO demonstrated benign neglect of the country - wide poverty and chaos .
Meanwhile , Islamist leaders realized that the best way to ensure grassroots presence and even support would be through the provision of easy cash to the impoverished population .
The jihadist leadership used its supporter networks in the Persian Gulf States in order to clandestinely purchase virtually all the arable land in southern Afghanistan .
Islamist emissaries now offered the population economic security in the form of loans and seeds for poppy cultivation on behalf of the mysterious landlords , and secure payment from buyers who would pick - up the harvest directly from the farmers , thus alleviating the dangers of traveling to the market .
As well , tribal and local leaders were handsomely rewarded for their cooperation and endorsement of these arrangements .
By the time Washington committed to the establishment of a centralized government in Kabul , the entire power - political system was dependent on narco - funding for its existence and system of patronage .
The US realized that it would be impossible to sustain the semblance of pro-Western system of governance in Kabul and the countryside without looking the other way on the rapidly growing and increasingly addictive narco - funding of Afghanistan ’s upper - most leadership .
Indeed , the poppy cultivation area in Afghanistan rose from 8,000 hectares in 2001 to 74,000 in 2002 , peaking at 193,000 in 2007 but going down to 123,000 hectares in 2009 .
Although the loss is mainly the result of blight attacking the crops rather than eradication by police , the Taliban are effectively capitalizing on the plight of the affected farmers by claiming the farmers were victims of ISAF poisonous spraying and offering financial help in return for the farmers ’ support of the Taliban .
Presently , some 80 percent of the total amount of Afghanistan ’s opium is grown in Kandahar , Helmand , and Uruzgan provinces , where the presence and activities of US and ISAF forces is most intense .
There are strong indications that farmers throughout Afghanistan are already preparing for a record - breaking opium poppy planting season beginning in mid-September 2010 in hopes of a bumper crop next year .
Slightly more than half the Afghan heroin is smuggled via the northern route : Central Asia , Russia and the GBSB ( Greater Black Sea Basin ) .
Secondary is the southern route which carries slightly over a third of the heroin via Iran , Turkey and the Middle East to the GBSB .
Presently , the overall annual income from the Afghan heroin traveling along the northern route alone is more than $ 17 - billion , out of which , the jihadist movement and its localized ( separatist / secessionist ) allies are making about $ 15 - billion .
There is no reliable estimate of the total income of the southern route , but the best guesstimates put it at more than $ 10 - billion , most of which also goes to funding jihadist and secessionist causes ( including the Afghan and Pakistani Taliban ) .
The annual cost of doing business in Afghanistan is below $ 100 - million .
The organized - crime networks running the labs and patronage system have a gross income of a couple of billion dollars , a small portion of which is spent on the Kabul power structure .
This disparity raises the question of the cost - effectiveness of tolerating the narco - funded leadership in Kabul .
The narco - profits are thus the financial engine of key elements of the current government in Kabul and its regional cronies , as aptly demonstrated in the most recent Aftghan presidential elections .
They will not permit their financial life - line to simply go away in the name of democracy or good governance .
And having committed to Pres .
Hamid Karzai and his patronage system as the key to the future of a modern state in Afghanistan , the US Barack Obama Administration cannot afford to see the administration in Kabul collapsing , no matter who they are or what they do .
Furthermore , the Afghan narcotics system is the key to the funding and sustenance of numerous regional and global dynamics which will not give up easily .
The drug smuggling networks across Central Asia and into Russia and Europe are an integral part of a comprehensive narco - terrorist dynamics / system .
Drug - trade funds jihadist terrorism and subversion from Tajikistan to Chechnya to Bosnia - Herzegovina .
Moreover , the various separatist and secessionist movements — that is , minorities feeling pressure of regional dynamics while having sense of alienation and victimization / victimhood — are easy prey to the lure of easily available large sums of money from the drugs and smuggling trade .
Most dangerous are the minuscule states and state - like entities .
Since these states and entities are too small and under - developed to be able to sustain themselves economically and socially in a proper and legal way , their local leaderships tend to look the other way as narco - funded organized crime establishes footholds in their midst .
The drug - trade and / or money laundering bring money in and thus financially sustain the mini-enclaves and the chimera of self - determination attained .
Consequently , the various separatist and secessionist “ causes ” from Central Asia to the Caucasus ( not just Chechnya and the rest of the North Caucasus ) and to the Balkans have become safe - havens for the drug - trade .
These include , for example , the financial and money - laundering centers in Stepanakert and Tiraspol , as well as Kosovo being the primary forward distribution point of Afghan - origin drugs into Western Europe .
And once they gained control over lucrative choke - points , these localized leaders , their cronies and their “ causes ” , will not give up without fierce fight irrespective of their declared ideologies .
The on - going fierce struggle for the control over the Fergana Valley by an alliance of jihadists and drug smugglers is indicative of this trend .
The latest round of fighting which started in early June 2010 already resulted in the death of more than 2,000 civilians and the dislocation of a few hundreds of thousands , mainly Uzbeks .
The struggle for the Fergana Valley started in March 2005 when Kurmanbek Bakiyev , at the head of a coalition sponsored by organized crime , exploited the US - sponsored “ Tulip Revolution ” in order to seize power in Bishkek so that the southern coalition could ensure state patronage to their undertaking .
The combination of subversion of Kyrgyzstan ’s internal power dynamics and horrendous corruption could not be sustained for long .
Indeed , it took five years for a coalition of traditional and radical power holders to overthrow Bakiyev .
However , soon after Bakiyev was forced out of Bishkek in mid-April 2010 , he and his allies started exacerbating the south in order to ensure their control over the Fergana Valley and the lucrative local drug - trade routes .
Hence , the ensuing riots and Kyrgyz - Uzbek fighting were neither spontaneous nor unanticipated .
The toppling of the Bakiyev administration — which was based on the support of the southern clans and their allies and partners among the organized crime and jihadist circles — heralded a struggle for power and control over the lucrative drug - smuggling routes via the Fergana Valley .
Indeed , local jihadists rallied to the cause starting late April as a coalition of jihadists and pro-Bakiyev groups began distributing pamphlets and CDs throughout southern Kyrgyzstan urging the establishment of a separate South Kyrgyzstan Democratic Republic under the ousted Bakiyev .
The incitement stressed the discrimination and disenfranchisement of the Kyrgyz southern clans by an alleged coalition of the Kyrgyz northern clans and the local Uzbek population .
It did not take long for hatred and violence to erupt , destroying Bishkek ’s control over the area .
The jihadists and drug runners already benefit from the de facto dismemberment of Kyrgyzstan for the separate entity in the south encompassing the Fergana Valley already significantly expedite their operations .
A similar trend is emerging in the Armenian enclave of Nagorno - Karabakh within Azerbaijan .
For as long as the economic situation was tenuous and there was near complete dependence on the largess of the West delivered via Yerevan ( the capital of Armenia ) , Stepanakert ( the capital of the Nagorno - Karabakh region ) was ready for a political compromise which was going even beyond the hard - line position of Yerevan in the Minsk Group ’s negotiations with Baku .
However , as the economic situation in Nagorno - Karabakh began improving mainly due to the trickle - down effect of transmitted and laundered narco - funds , the position of the Stepanakert authorities regarding the future of the enclave has hardened .
In mid-June 2010 , Stepanakert objected to a renewed mediation effort by the Kremlin .
Stepanakert is apprehensive that a negotiated solution could be reached as Pres. Medvedev convinced Azerbaijan Pres. Ilham Aliyev and Armenian Pres. Serzh Sarkisian to meet in Saint Petersburg for the first time in more than four months and without the pressure of the Minsk Group ’s mediators .
Consequently , the Kremlin reported that the two presidents narrowed their differences on some of the lingering thorny issues .
In response , the Stepanakert Armenian leadership announced that the meeting between Aliyev and Sarkisian “ will not help find a resolution ” for the Nagorno - Karabakh Conflict .
Moreover , Stepanakert renewed its demand for a full state status in a new tripartite format — of Armenia , Nagorno - Karabakh , and Azerbaijan — along with the Minsk Group mediators ( Russia , France and the United States ) .
Concurrently , Stepanakert ’s renewed political push is given a sense of urgency by exacerbating the security situation along the ceasefire line of contact .
Starting mid-June 2010 , there has been a growing tension and escalation of fighting along the line of contact .
Karabakhi - Armenian troops intensified provocations and exchanges of fire with the Azerbaijani military facing them .
The first major incident took place on June 16 , 2010 when Karabakhi - Armenian troops ambushed an Azerbaijani patrol and an Azerbaijani soldier was killed in the fighting .
This and a few smaller incidents led to growing tension and intensified military activities along the entire cease - fire line .
The number of clashes , ambushes , cross - border raids and brief exchanges of fire grew .
On the night of June 18/19 , 2010 , Azerbaijani military noted preparations by Karabakhi - Armenian forces in north - eastern Nagorno - Karabakh where an Azerbaijani raiding party attacked the Karabakhi - Armenian positions , killing four soldiers and wounding four others before returning into Azerbaijani - controlled territory .
Baku confirmed that one Azerbaijani soldier was killed and his body remained in the Karabakhi - Armenian position .
Sporadic clashes and exchanges of fire continued .
Southern Kyrgyzstan and Nagorno - Karabakh are but the two most recent examples of the security manifestations of fringe and extremist policies made possible by narco - funding .
There are countless cases of unwarranted separatist and secessionist causes where the legitimate quest of minorities for self - determination could have long been resolved in a form of distinct region or autonomy within the borders of recognized states .
However , the mere existence of virtually unlimited narco - funds — a byproduct of the Afghanistan - origin drug trade — enables the separatist and secessionist leaderships to sustain their respective struggles and extreme and unrealistic demands no matter how impractical they might be .
And when the international community refuses to go along with these quests , there emerges the penchant for armed struggle and terrorism if only because weapons and narco - funds are aplenty .
Thus , just starving the poppy cultivation and heroin processing labs in Afghanistan will create a security backlash throughout the Heart of Asia and the Greater Black Sea Basin .
Hence , it is imperative to have a systemic approach to resolving not only the Afghan narco - challenges but also the entire regional security challenges aggravated and exacerbated by the mere availability of narco - funds and narco - terrorist groups .
Lastly , there is the issue of state - sponsorship of both terrorism and narco - criminality .
These cannot be ignored if tangible long - term eradication of drug problem is sought .
At the same time , there is no substitute to the eradication of poppy cultivation and heroin processing labs in Afghanistan .
However , the mere physical destruction of crops or labs is only the beginning of a comprehensive process .
Presently the Afghan narco - system has enough built - in redundancy and has enough money to replace interim losses without a tangible systemic loss .
One - time or even periodic destruction of assets is therefore an exercise in futility .
Therefore , for any attempt to destroy Afghanistan ’s narco - system to have prospects of success , the foreign forces involved must stay for a protracted period in order to ensure the long - term impact on the affected society .
Moreover , a long - term military presence is first and foremost a question of ensuring the legitimacy of the central and local authorities , so that the people cooperate with them .
As well , there is no point in attempting long - term presence by force if the quality and legitimacy of the civilian governance cannot be ascertained .
Simply put : reversing the criminalization of segments of society is an integral part of resolving the core - problems of that society .
In the case of Afghanistan this means the legitimacy of the Kabul Government , establishing viable regionally - based governance , and resolving the endemic tribes - vs - local authorities ’ disputes .
Furthermore , the mere eradication of crops and destruction of labs will only create vacuum and domino effect which breed instability , additional terrorism , etc .
Therefore , it is imperative to approach the Afghan drugs challenge in the context of a comprehensive political and security solution on a regional level .
The Afghan narco - system is an integral part of a larger problem ; and so is the solution .
Similarly , no political and security solution is possible throughout the Heart of Asia and the Greater Black Sea Basin for as long as the narco - economy keeps funding the opposition and encouraging violence .
The entire narco - terrorist system constitutes a viable threat to the vital interests of Russia .
It is a huge time - bomb at Russia ’s soft underbelly , therefore , the Kremlin considers the flow of drugs from Afghanistan to be an issue of vital importance - from the undermining of Russian society to destabilizing regional security .
Although Afghanistan is the primary source of illegal drugs in Europe , the Europeans are reluctant to confront the issue of recreational drug use effectively and this attitude diminishes Europe ’s willingness to address the real challenges .
The narco - terrorism of Eurasia has a minuscule impact on the US and is thus not a priority for Washington , particularly at a time the Obama Administration is yearning to disengage from Afghanistan virtually at all cost .
Hence , it is up to Russia — whose vital interests are at stake — to lead the struggle against the rising tide of narco - terrorism at the Heart of Asia and the Greater Black Sea Basin .
Virtually all experts in the Moscow forum agreed that the current situation in Afghanistan - Pakistan - Central Asia was not only untenable , but was rapidly deteriorating .
The US / ISAF efforts are considered better than nothing , but the near - unanimous expert opinion is that the security effort barely scratches the surface while the most endemic problems are deep - rooted .
The Kremlin wants NATO to stay in Afghanistan but the US is leading NATO into abandoning Afghanistan .
Therefore , the Kremlin plans on convincing the Europeans — specific capitals and the EU — that the collapse of Afghanistan and the rise of drugs and narco - terrorism are detrimental to Europe ’s vital interests .
The Kremlin hopes to get the EU / Europe to pressure the US to sustain NATO ’s efforts in Afghanistan because Russia is eager for ISAF to remain as a viable force for the duration .
Overall , the highest authorities in the Kremlin — led by Medvedev who delivered a very strong opening statement at the international Afghan Drug Production : a Challenge to the International Community forum — are committed to the Afghan drug- eradication policy in its comprehensive scope / connotation .
The Kremlin is petrified by the spread of drugs and narco - funded terrorism , insurgency , violence and instability from Afghanistan via Central Asia into the heart of Russia .
The Kremlin is embarking on an international campaign — first focusing on the EU and NATO — to formulate a joint long - term program to eradicate the Afghan narco - system and byproducts .
This is a comprehensive plan which recognizes the imperative to first resolve Afghanistan ’s security and governance problems , but also address the issue of drug - funded separatism , secessionism , and narco - terrorism at the Heart of Asia and the Greater Black Sea Basin as a major policy issue .
What remains to be seen , though , is the extent of cooperation Russia was likely to get from Europe and particularly the United States .
Analysis By Yossef Bodansky , Senior Editor , GIS / Defense & Foreign Affairs .
( c ) 2010 International Strategic Studies Association , www.StrategicStudies.org
This Stanford Continuing Studies course is a collection of classes and lectures that is the minimalist approach to Theoretical Physics .
A student following this curriculum would achieve a solid understanding of Modern Physics in an optimized manner .
It is the minimum that is required to begin to understanding theoretical physics .
In Professor Susskind 's words ... " A number of years ago I became aware of the large number of physics enthusiasts out there who have no venue to learn modern physics and cosmology .
Fat advanced textbooks are not suitable to people who have no teacher to ask questions of , and the popular literature does not go deeply enough to satisfy these curious people .
So I started a series of courses on modern physics at Stanford University where I am a professor of physics .
The courses are specifically aimed at people who know , or once knew , a bit of algebra and calculus , but are more or less beginners . "
" We are not afraid of the Americans .
Allah has condemned them .
They are stupid .
They are stupid ... and they are condemned . "
" Our initial assessment is that they will all die . "
" They are suffering from shock .
And awe .
Ok . "
" They are a superpower of villains .
Really .
They are a superpower of Al Capone . "
" We have them surrounded in their tanks "
We 're pretty sure Steven Seagal has said at least three of those in his movies .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Do n't forget , he was the Iraq Information Minister .
While that sounds like a job in the Ministry of Truth , this guy was the voice of a whole country .
Wars were won and lost on this kind of thing .
George Bush was once asked whether the guy was a plant , as his insane ramblings only succeeded in making the US look good .
He got the hell out of Baghdad the day before the city fell , though continued to make appearances on TV in the Middle East , presumably claiming he still had the upper hand .
He was like the real - life equivalent of Mumm - Ra .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Do you have an idea in mind that would make a great article ?
Then sign up for our writers workshop !
Know way too much about a random topic ?
Create a topic page and you could be on the front page of Cracked .com tomorrow !
For more from the world of propaganda , check out 6 Mind - Blowing Achievements in Propaganda and The 17 Most Unintentionally Hilarious Propaganda Posters .
And stop by our brand new Linkstorm ( Updated 07.16.10 ) to see what God looks at on the Internet .
And do n't forget to follow us on Facebook and Twitter to get sexy , sexy jokes sent straight to your news feed .
British unions block struggle against government austerity plans
3 July 2010
Britain ’s Conservative / Liberal Democrat coalition has announced public spending cuts that are possibly the most savage in Europe .
Every week sees fresh declarations of cuts on top of those already identified by the outgoing Labour government prior to the May general election .
This includes a three - year public sector pay freeze , an attack on pensions , and hundreds of thousands of job losses .
Chancellor George Osborne announced £ 11 billion extra cuts , but this was immediately followed by demands for benefit payments to be slashed .
The total so far runs to £ 27 billion in additional cuts , as well as £ 15 billion in tax rises , bringing the squeeze to £ 75 billion a year by 2015 .
Many commentators predict this is an underestimate and that between £ 85 billion and £ 100 billion in cuts are planned .
The cuts already confirmed will lead to 1.3 million jobs being eliminated in the public and private sector , driving official unemployment to between 3 and 4 million from its present 2.5 million .
Government claims that this will be compensated for by an increase of 2 million private sector jobs are ludicrous , given that austerity measures are part of a global process that is plunging the UK and the world economy into a second round of recession deeper than that which began in 2008 .
The UK now faces the “ longest , deepest , sustained period of cuts to public services spending at least since World War II ” , according to the Institute for Fiscal Studies ( IFS ) .
The government admits to cuts across all departments except health and foreign aid of at least 25 percent .
VAT has been increased from 17.5 percent to 20 percent , costing families an average of £ 400 a year .
The austerity measures will hit poorer households “ significantly harder than richer households , ” the IFS explain , in some cases by a factor of six .
The most vulnerable are being targeted by cuts to Housing Benefit and a campaign to drive at least half a million off Incapacity Benefit through a stepped - up regime of “ fitness to work ” tests .
Graduate unemployment will soar to record levels because of the disproportionate number of public sector jobs graduates take up — rising to as much as 25 percent .
This is nothing less than a declaration of war against working people on behalf of the corporate elite .
But , as should be expected , the response of the trade union bureaucracy has been to run up the white flag .
In the last week , Unite called off the strike by British Airways cabin crew — after 22 days of action — to ballot on a risible and barely changed offer by the company , without any recommendation to reject by the union .
Meanwhile , BA is recruiting new crew on a lower pay rate so that it can sack its existing workforce .
More telling still , the Trades Union Congress ( TUC ) has invited Prime Minister David Cameron to address its annual meeting in September .
The unions have even made clear they do not want to participate in the token September 29 “ day of action ” organised by the European Trade Union Confederation , under the leadership of Britain ’s former TUC General Secretary John Monks , because the timing clashes with the Labour Party conference !
The press barely addresses these issues , focusing instead upon the statements of Bob Crow , general secretary of the Rail Maritime and Transport union , at its annual conference .
Crow denounced Cameron ’s “ full - frontal assault on the trade union movement on a scale which is unprecedented since Margaret Thatcher ’s government set out to smash the National Union of Mineworkers ” .
“ When someone ’s winding up to give you a kicking you have a clear choice — you can either take them on right from the off or you can roll over and hope that they go away ” , he said .
“ This is not the time for talking , it ’s the time for action .
We need an emergency meeting of the Trades Union Congress to co-ordinate the political and industrial action that we will need to take as a united movement to drive back the ConDem attack on our members ” .
Crow ’s call for “ a sustained campaign of generalised strikes ” only serves to underscore that the TUC is indeed rolling over , and the only campaign it is waging is to ensure that nothing at all is done to oppose the “ ConDem attack ” .
Without addressing the actual role of the trade unions in suppressing industrial action and collaborating with management and the government , all such calls to action are a deception designed to disarm working people to the reality of the situation they face .
This is the conscious aim of Crow and those fake “ left ” tendencies that similarly urge the working class to place their trust in the union bureaucracy .
No trade union leader , including Crow , has put forward a single concrete proposal to oppose the attacks that the coalition government is making .
They are continuing the supportive role they played under 13 years of a Labour government , while it acted as a tool of the financial oligarchy and the City of London .
Even now they will be able to work with several former Labour luminaries who have joined Cameron and Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg ’s government , including John Hutton , the former work and pensions secretary , Cameron ’s “ trade union envoy ” and former Labour member of the European Parliament Richard Balfe , and the new “ poverty tsar ” , Frank Field , who is still being allowed to continue as a Labour MP .
In the face of this record , Socialist Worker , the newspaper of the Socialist Workers Party , offers as a “ test of commitment to fight the government and the bosses ” whether the unions will take part in a “ protest at the Tory party conference on 3 October ” and “ protests on 20 October when the government ’s spending review is announced ” .
“ A big demonstration on 3 October can increase the pressure on union leaders to call the action we need ” , the British SWP claims .
The Socialist Party - led National Shop Stewards Network ( NSSN ) called at its conference for “ the TUC to name the day for a national demonstration , preferably before the TUC conference in September 2010 ” .
“ As soon as [ !] a date for a demonstration is announced , our central priority will be to build for the maximum possible turnout .
If a demo is not called , the NSSN will call a lobby of the TUC Conference in Manchester ( day , date and time to be decided ) urging the TUC to call a united national demonstration with a view to further organising a one - day public sector strike , as the beginning of a serious fightback against these vicious cuts ” .
There is nothing serious about such genuflection before union leaders by those occupying a lower rank in the apparatus , not to mention the inaction of the many SWP and SP members who themselves occupy leading union posts .
The bitter experience of workers everywhere is that the trade unions either prevent or betray every struggle waged by workers against the employers .
In Britain , they have done this in uninterrupted fashion ever since the 1984 - 85 miners ’ strike against Thatcher cited by Crow .
This essential function of the trade unions would not be altered one iota should they feel forced to call a few one - day protest strikes to diffuse the anger felt by working people .
Nothing less than a general strike movement is sufficient to meet the challenge to workers ’ fundamental social interests that has now begun .
Without an all - out offensive against the ruling elite , millions face abject poverty , mass unemployment and a brutal existence .
Such a movement must be aimed at bringing down the government and poses the questions :
Who will lead such a struggle ?
What will replace the Tories and Liberal Democrats in power ?
The answer points to the burning necessity of breaking from the straitjacket of the trade unions and their accomplices in the pro-business Labour Party , through establishing genuine rank - and - file organisations of class struggle .
It means that workers must build their own party , the Socialist Equality Party , which is committed to the struggle for power and a socialist programme for the reorganisation of economic life in the interests of the vast majority through a unified political and social movement of workers throughout Europe and the world .
Chris Marsden
Chris Marsden
Portsmouth have endured a miserable close season , with their tour of the United States blighted by all manner of problems , and the extent of the challenge facing Pompey when the season kicks off in 11 days time is only too apparent on the club 's official website .
The club 's first team squad page lists just 14 players , several of whom are expected to leave Fratton Park before the close of the transfer window , and no goalkeepers .
Tal Ben Haim , John Utaka and Kevin- Prince Boateng are among those expected to depart , leaving the club desperately short of players before they start their Championship campaign at Coventry a week on Saturday .
Jamie Ashdown , who was released by the club in June , is currently back at the club on trial , and could come in to solve the goalkeeping crisis , with David James on his way out .
Liam O'Brien , an 18 - year - old academy keeper , could be the sole back - up .
Portsmouth ended their US tour with a 4 - 0 drubbing at the hands of DC United , a result that the manager Steve Cotterill felt highlighted their situation .
" The one thing about this result is that it 's shown the position we 're in .
It 's painful .
We 've got some good honest senior lads here and some youngsters who are trying their hardest , " said Cotterill .
" The kids have got to be at full tilt to be anywhere near the team , and we 're going to be playing in a man 's league in a couple of weeks ' time . "
Bookmakers have installed Portsmouth as third - favourites for relegation behind Scunthorpe and Barnsley .
We are losing the " family identity " that has been the main characteristic of telephony for the past 100 years .
We are in the midst of a truly fascinating cultural shift right now :
Think about it ... the other day we were at an evening event and met a great couple with whom we would like to stay in touch .
We exchanged contact info and they , like so many people these days , have " cut the cord " and do not have a traditional landline but instead have individual mobile phones .
The result is this :
I can't call the " Smiths " and speak to someone .
Instead I can call " John Smith " or " Jane Smith " .
If I have a message I want to get to the family I have no simple way to do that .
I can no longer call " the family phone " and leave a message on their answering machine inviting them over to dinner .
Instead I need to call one of the individual phones - and perhaps both to be sure the message gets through , given that cell phones can be lost or need recharging or that sometimes voicemail messages simply do n't get through .
And if a young child wants to call a young child at a landline - less home - and the receiving child does n't yet have their own cell phone - you have to guess which parent the child might be with .
Now , I do n't expect this situation to change .
Two years ago I wrote at great length about why I was thinking of cutting the cord myself ( and then about why I kept my landline ) .
Last year I wrote about the decline in the landline business in North America and while I have n't checked the most recent stats on landline decline , my own anecdotal evidence tells me that the decline is only continuing .
I , too , continue to periodically re-assess whether I want to still keep the landline intact .
It 's interesting to wonder , though , what this means for the larger fabric of our society .
Are there impacts as we remove the " family " identity and focus on our individual identities ?
How does it change the nature of communication between families ?
Or does it not really change things at all ?
I do n't have the answers ... this is probably a longer - term research project some graduate student needs to take on .
Still , I wonder ...
Meanwhile , since I know in one family that one cell phone died and the voicemail is full on the other phone , I guess I 'll have to forget about the phone entirely and just send them a message on Facebook ... ;-)
If you found this post interesting or useful , please consider either subscribing to the RSS feed , following me on Twitter or subscribing to my email newsletter .
This smart piece on Netanyahu and the lobby pushing for Iranian war is savagely titled : " Who Will Be Blamed for a U.S. Attack on Iran ? " Hillary Mann Leverett and Flynt Leverett make the distinction between the " Jewish community " ’s non-responsibility for the last disaster , Iraq , and the " pro-Israel intellectuals , " including Ken Pollack and the neocons ( guilty ) .
( Yes but how many precincts of the Jewish community gave these stupid ideas aid and comfort , including the Union for Reform Judaism ? )
The message of the Leveretts overall seems to be " Shout it from the rooftops now , while there ’s still time .
Israel wants the U.S. to attack Iran .
This is Netanyahu ’s wish , the wish of his government , above all , and of American Likud promoters and agents .
And if it happens , the disaster will have been brought to us by Israel . "
The boldface emphasis is theirs :
オンラインカジノを攻略するコツを知っておこう
インターネット上で手軽に楽しめるのがオンラインカジノです。
本物のカジノを仮想空間で楽しむ事ができるので多くの方が利用をしています。
本サービスでも実店舗と同じように多くのゲームが楽しめるのがメリットです。
オンラインカジノを攻略するためにはいくつかのコツがあります。
例えばウェルカムボーナスというものをうまく使ってみましょう。
ウェルカムボーナスとは対応するサービスを初めて利用するときに適用されるものです。
初回入金額に対していくらかのボーナスもらえることができます。
200ドル入金をしたら最大100％ボーナスが付与されるなどと表記されています。
この場合は200ドル入金をしたら100％ボーナスが適用されて、合計400ドルでギャンブルを楽しめるのがメリットです。
うまく利用をすれば少ない資金でも多くの賭けをすることができます。
基本的にウェルカムボーナスはサービスによって違います。
中には4回までウェルカムボーナスがもらえるところもあるので、調べてから利用しましょう。
ちなみにウェルカムボーナスは最低賭け金額がというものが設定されています。
最低賭け金額の条件を満たさないとボーナス分のクレジットは引き出す事ができないので、注意しておきましょう。
例えば最低掛け金がボーナス額×10倍でもらったボーナスが100ドルの場合、1000ドルベットをしないと引き出す事ができないです。
他にも対象ゲームが決まっています。
スロットやライブゲームなどによってカウント割合が変化します。
例えばスロットのカウント割合が100％で20ドルベットをすると20ドル分がカウント対象です。
結構ハードルが高いので計画的にクレジットを使用して引き出し条件を満たしましょう。
例えばビデオスロットでも勝ちやすいものがあります。
勝ちやすいスロットに儲けながら最低賭け金条件を満たすことができるので安全です。
大儲けをしたいときにはジャックポットを狙ってみましょう。
ジャックポットとは賭けた金額がどんどん積み上がっていき賞金になるシステムです。
ビデオスロットなどに設定されている要素で大当たりを出すと、すべての金額を総取りできるのがメリットです。
ちなみにジャックポットにはいくつかの種類があります。
スタンドアロンは同じサービスのスロット単体で積み上げた金額が賞金になるものです。
さらにリンクドプログレッシブは同じカジノの同一機種の間で積み上げたお金が賞金になるシステムです。
こちらはスタンドアロンよりも高額な賞金を獲得することができます。
ワイドエリアプログレッシブは複数のオンラインカジノをまたぎ賞金が積み上げられるものです。
賞金は何億という金額になることがほとんどなので一攫千金を狙いたい人に最適でしょう。
参加者も非常に多いタイプなので賞金が積み上がるスピードは他のジャックポットよりも勢いがあります。
ジャックポットにはミステリータイプも用意されています。
ミステリーは誰が当選をするのかわからないものです。
基本的に当たりかハズレかは全く関係がありません。
プレイをしている人に突然当たるのがミステリーです。
またどのようなタイミングで当たるのかも公開されていないので、いきなり当選するということもあります。
ゲームプレイがあまりうまくない人でも当選しやすいので試してみましょう。
初めてオンラインカジノをするのなら無料お試しプレイができるサービスを利用すると良いです。
無料お試しプレイは特定のサービスで行っているもので、お金を使用せずにギャンブルを楽しめます。
最初にお試しプレイでルールを把握してからギャンブルを楽しめば、途中でルールがわからずあっという間に資金が付きてしまうリスクも回避できます。
​ Americans view alcohol and cigarettes as more dangerous than marijuana .
Tellingly , even a majority of adults who drink alcohol rate it as riskier than pot .
Those who never drink alcohol are more evenly divided .
Similarly , 46 percent say smoking cigarettes is more dangerous than smoking pot .
Twenty - four percent disagree , saying marijuana is more dangerous than tobacco .
One in four , 25 percent , say tobacco and alcohol are equally dangerous .
A new Rasmussen Reports telephone survey released this week found that a scant 17 percent of American adults rate use of marijuana as riskier than drinking alcohol .
Fifty percent say alcohol is more dangerous , while 26 percent rate the two as equally risky .
Although progress is definitely being made in adults not seeing marijuana as a dangerous drug , there is still a disquieting amount of disinformation and misunderstanding around the issue .
Think about it : Since marijuana has never caused a single overdose death in history , whereas alcohol causes about 50,000 deaths a year and tobacco about 450,000 deaths annually — and since both legal substances are physically AND mentally addictive , but marijuana has virtually no withdrawal symptoms — then would n’t close to 100 percent of a reasonably well - informed public see alcohol and tobacco as far riskier than pot ?
It also seems that some Americans have n’t learned their lessons about the folly of prohibition .
Twenty - six percent of adults saying smoking cigarettes should be outlawed , while 42 percent think marijuana should remain illegal .
Americans are evenly divided over whether marijuana should be legalized in the United States , but most expect legalization to happen within the next decade
Men feel more strongly than women that both alcohol and cigarettes are more dangerous than marijuana .
Adults across all age groups share that belief , although younger Americans believe it even more strongly ( which points to a bright future for marijuana in the United States ) .
When it comes to alcohol , 20 percent of Americans drink several times a week , including nine percent who drink every day or nearly every day .
Twenty - seven percent report they are teetotalers , never drinking at all .
Forty percent of American adults say they have smoked marijuana at some point in their lives .
Eleven percent say they ’ve smoked pot in the past year .
Ages 18 to 29 are much more likely to have smoked marijuana in the past year than their elders .
Hey man , do n’t blame me ; I ’m doing my part .
Unsurprisingly , men drink more heavily than women .
Twice as many married adults say they drink every day than unmarried adults , but unmarrieds are more than twice as likely as marrieds to have smoked pot in the past year .
Those who say they ’ve smoked marijuana drink more than those who have not tried pot .
The survey of 1,000 adults was conducted July 21 - 22 , 2010 by Rasmussen Reports .
The margin of sampling error is plus or minus three percentage points with a 95 percent level of confidence .
Mr Ventham , who is also chairman of the local parish council , added : " We had asked Purbeck District Council to replace the sign but they ran out of budget for that sort of thing .
However , they are giving us £ 70 towards the cost of the sign which is what it would have cost them to replace it in the first place .
Hi !
My Power Hour Album is 60 one - minute party songs .
Use the music to play a power hour drinking game !
How To Play the Drinking Game
Start the music and take a shot of beer every time the song changes .
Everybody wins !
It ’s scientifically formulated to be the perfect power hour party .
Just add beer .
Guaranteed to take you from 0 to 60 in one hour .
Electrolux has just embarked on a quest : to collect the debris from plastic islands in the ocean and turn them into a line of 6 vacuum cleaners , each representing one of the following bodies of water : the Pacific , the Atlantic , the Indian Ocean , the Mediterranean , the Baltic Sea , and the North Sea .
The quest intends to bring attention to the issue of plastic pollution in the ocean ( see the Great Pacific Garbage Patch ) and to combat the scarcity of recycled plastics needed to make home appliances .
The initiative is entitled Vac from the Sea .
From Hans Stråberg , the President and CEO of Electrolux :
Our oceans are filled with plastic waste .
Yet on land , there is a shortage of recycled plastic .
The supply of sustainable raw material , such as recycled plastic , is crucial for making sustainable appliances , and assisting consumers in making their homes greener .
I therefore hope people will join us in raising awareness about the threat plastic poses to marine habitats , and the urgent need for taking better care of the plastic that already exists .
Maybe you 're wondering what this vac might look like — after all the plastic is melted down would it transform into some kind of muddy gray or brown ?
The Electrolux design team has done a preliminary concept sketch representing how these plastic might be treated , and we love it : the scavenged plastic will be pressed / melted together , kind of like those little plastic beads kids iron together into pixelated shapes , but better .
It remains to be seen what will happen when they begin working with the material , but we hope it stays multi-colored .
The debris will be collected by whatever means possible : diving , fishing or scavenging .
Anyone interested in getting involved or following the endeavor should check the Vac from the Sea website .
For more info , watch the video just after the jump .
Lenny Kravitz gave some high school students from Lewisville , Texas , a moment to remember during their mission trip to New Orleans .
The Voice of Praise choir from the First Baptist Church in Lewisville was performing at a New Orleans park -- singing " Fly Away " by Kravitz -- when the rock star walked up and joined them in an impromptu jam session .
“ It was the last performance of the trip , but we had been performing all over the place , " said 17 - year - old Mike Smeaton .
" And , you know , just as a warm - up to get people attracted to it , we would jam a little bit beforehand . ”
Smeaton said almost everyone immediately recognized the big star .
" Fort those in the choir that did n't know , it spread pretty quick , " he said .
" I was just sitting up on the terrace having a drink , and I hear some strange music , " Kravitz says in a video as he approaches the choir .
After watching and dancing to the music for a few minutes , Kravitz joins in , first playing drums -- and jamming with Smeaton , the choir 's guitar player -- and then singing .
“ He was just grooving for a while -- and that was the weirdest part , because I ’m sitting there singing his own song to him , but then he started grooving on the drums , and it was fantastic , ” Smeaton said .
He said the choir was starstruck after the rocker left .
" He did shake hands with the band , and we got a brief word in on stage , but nothing more than that , " Smeaton said .
But Smeaton said the jam session was an unforgettable experience .
The Voice of Praise choir is now back in North Texas -- and already looking forward to its next celebrity encounter .
Share Tweet Share
What is an in - memory database , exactly ?
We ’re used to thinking of using a nonrelational database as a cache for PostgreSQL .
Yet just before pgCon this year I brushed elbows with three different companies who were using PostgreSQL as a cache for Hadoop / HBase ( or similar ) : Mozilla , Factual.com , and one other .
They have large , non-relational document stores which they use for data processing , and need a highly relational database like PostgreSQL in order to be able to present data to the user .
In addition to turning the conventional scalable application design on its head , this presents some interesting configuration requirements .
For one thing , these users do not require PostgreSQL to be durable .
At all .
It ’s faster for them to replace the entire database from the document store than to wait for recovery from disk .
Then Gavin Roy did his keynote for pgCon , in which he presented his performance tests from storing key - value data in a variety of databases .
The case he tested was exactly the one you ’d expect key - value databases to shine at : EAV data in a single - threaded application .
Yet the fascinating thing was that PostgreSQL with all durability turned off had higher throughput than many non-relational databases , even for extremely denormalized data .
This kind of invalidates the conventional wisdom that simpler databases are “ faster ” .
Gavin called it “ running with scissors mode ” , a name I like a lot ( look at the slides , there ’s a great picture for this ) .
With the advent of binary replication coming in 9.0 , this opens some intriguing possibilities for a non-durable version of PostgreSQL .
Replication could be used to populate throwaway copies , or to make enough copies to prevent more than a few seconds of data loss .
So I started some discussion on the pgsql - performance mailing list : what would it take to remove all durability from PostgreSQL ?
If we ’re that fast just with fsync off , could we be faster if we ripped out everything related to disk persistence ?
I ’m talking not only about disk access , but the possibly large amount of CPU associated with durability work .
WAL segment writing , background writer , checkpoint page flushes all burn CPU , and if you ’ve settled on recreating the database from scratch in any crash , why bother ?
We ’d need some WAL for replication , but that ’s it .
Also , of course , we would want to program PostgreSQL not to even try restarting after a crash ; init scripts might be sufficient for this .
It ’s quite possible that removing these tasks wo n’t produce a measurable performance impact .
Only one real way to find out .
Robert Haas is taking a step towards this by trying to implement unlogged tables ( “ global temporary tables ” ) , which will solve the caching problem for a lot of people who have it in a more limited way ( user session tables , anyone ? ) which might end up being sufficient for most purposes , although they do n’t really solve the PostgreSQL - as - cache use - case .
In the meantime , Bruce Momjian has added to the main docs for 9.0 how to turn off all durability in PostgreSQL if you do n’t want it .
And I ’ve registered the domain scissorsdb.org .
Maybe I ’ll have time to do something with it .
People protest same - sex marriage bill outside Argentina 's Congress in Buenos Aires on Tuesday .
( ( Natacha Pisarenko / Associated Press ) )
Senators in Argentina are set to vote Wednesday on a bill that would legalize same - sex marriage , but the bill is facing stiff opposition from the Roman Catholic Church and other groups .
Tens of thousands of demonstrators gathered in Buenos Aires Tuesday night to protest the bill , with more protests scheduled for Wednesday .
" In the name of modernizing human rights , what this bill actually does is produce a major step backwards for humanity , " said Roman Catholic Bishop Antonio Marino , one of the church 's leading voices opposing the bill said .
Notes from the field " There is a lot of pressure on these senators and a lot of indecision , " CBC 's Connie Watson said from Buenos Aires , adding that some senators may choose to skip the vote because the measure has prompted such heated debate .
" Buenos Aires is considered one of the most gay - friendly cities in Latin America .
There are civil unions allowed in this city — but it's not on the national level , " she said .
" This would allow gay marriages on the same level as heterosexual marriages and allow adoption , and those are the things that really concern the people against this vote . "
Tens of thousands of people attended Tuesday night 's massive demonstration against the bill , Watson said , with smaller crowds turning out for rallies in support of the bill .
" If you want to talk about progress , the only progress this brings is towards decadence . "
Mercedes Riglos , who attended a demonstration against the new measures , said she was opposed to marriage between two people of the same sex , adding that " we do n't want them to adopt children . "
Supporters rally
Supporters of same - sex marriage also took to the streets , hosting loud rallies in the capital and other cities .
Andrea Dati , the leader of a women 's rights group , attended a gathering Wednesday in support of the proposed law .
" We are here to show our support for the bill because the senators are under a lot of pressure from the Catholic Church to vote against it , " she said .
President Cristina Fernandez has promised not to veto the measure , which was approved by the lower chamber in May .
If the bill becomes law , Argentina would become the first country in Latin America to legalize same - sex marriage .
Mexico City has legalized same - sex marriage , allowing couples to adopt children , apply for bank loans together , inherit wealth and be included in the insurance policies of their spouses .
Do n't look now , Apple fanatics , but Android 's just made another noteworthy leap in mobile market share .
Google 's Android platform grew by 44 percent from February to May , according to a report released Thursday by ComScore .
During the three - month period from December to February , Android commanded an average of 9 percent of the U.S. smartphone market .
In the next three - month period , from March to May , it had shot up to an average of 13 .
Now , it goes without saying that 13 percent is still a relatively small piece of the pie .
But the overall trends are what we 're watching here -- and , gauging by a wide range of data from numerous sources , Android is showing consistent growth at a pace its competitors can't match .
Android and the Smartphone Market
For anyone who keeps an eye on mobile market trends , the pattern is quickly becoming familiar :
In most time periods , and by most measures , Android makes a healthy jump , RIM shows signs of slipping , Microsoft takes a hit , and Apple stays steady or experiences a modest drop .
In the case of the latest data from ComScore , Apple lost about 4 percent of its U.S. market share , falling one point to 24.4 percent .
Of course , these were the months leading up to the release of Apple 's iPhone 4 , so it 's no big shock that sales were slow .
Even following the launch of the iPhone 4 , though , I 'd be surprised if we saw any massive surge in Apple 's relative share .
Here 's the thing : Apple 's iPhone is a single device , on a single carrier .
Android , meanwhile , is an open platform with numerous devices on every carrier .
( I know , I know -- the iPhone might be coming to Verizon .
But we 've heard that rumor confidently stated plenty of times before .
At the present moment , it is n't a reality .
Even if and when it becomes one , we 're still talking about a single device on two carriers vs. dozens of devices on all carriers . )
Merits of one platform over another aside , the math tells you everything :
No matter how magical and / or revolutionary Apple 's products may be , we 're looking at a game of numbers .
That 's why , when considering market share data last month , I declared that Apple had fallen and could n't get up .
By that , I 'm not implying that Apple is doomed or even performing poorly ; obviously , the company is doing quite well and showing no signs of struggle .
What I 'm saying is that when it comes to relative market share , the odds are simply stacked against it ; the iPhone suddenly starting to grow at a faster rate than Android seems highly unlikely .
( For the purposes of this story , we wo n't even get into the Windows Mobile part of the equation .
I 'm personally still mourning the death of the Kin , anyway . )
Battling the Android Army
All right , so what about the iPhone 4 ?
Will it suddenly shoot Android into oblivion and help Apple regain its position as the de facto standard ?
I would n't hold your breath .
Yes , Apple sold a lot of new iPhones in those first weeks .
But it only makes sense that most of those early buyers were diehard iPhone fans who , by the very nature of their fandom , already owned iPhones .
As I 've pointed out previously , dropping one iPhone and picking up another has no impact on the overall market split .
The reality is that new high - profile Android handsets are hitting store shelves practically every month -- handsets like Motorola 's Droid X and the multicarriered Samsung Galaxy S -- and those are attracting an awful lot of new customers .
Last month , Google said it was activating 160,000 new Android devices every day , and that was before the Droid X had even been announced .
Older Android handsets are slowly but surely starting to receive the Android 2.2 upgrade , giving them fresh life as well .
In order to reverse the shifting market share trends , Apple 's iPhone 4 would have to outpace the growth of that entire ever - expanding fleet of Android phones .
Even if the iPhone 4 did n't require a Jedi voodoo grip in order to work , that 'd be one hell of a feat to achieve .
Factor in those reception issues -- not to mention the iPhone 4's other reported problems -- and it'd take a full - blown miracle for Apple to fend off Android 's gains .
I 'm not sure any device is quite that magical .
JR Raphael is the author of the Android Power blog and the creator of the Steve Jobs E - Mail Generator .
You can find him on Facebook : facebook.com / The.JR.Raphael
This weekend , Apple opened up a new retail store in Paris , and it does n't look anything like your average Apple Store .
Whether you love or hate Apple 's standard glass and steel design , we 're pretty sure you 'll agree that this newest outlet is the company 's nicest yet .
The store is designed to preserve the historic architecture of the building and neighborhood .
The result is more than you could ask for from an electronics store .
UPDATE : We 've added a brief video of Steve Jobs checking out the new store .
( from Apple , via Gizmodo )
Astralwalker Avalon Senior Member
Join Date : Dec 2008 Location : Melbourne , Australia Posts : 484
Re : 2012 Nexus Event  Unknown Form of Energy comes our way !
The final part
2012 Nexus Event – Unknown Form of Energy comes our way !
Useful Leads :
There are high indications that climate change will increase , to extreme , as we approaching the point of the perfect alignment with the galactic center on 21 Dec 2012 .
This will be a natural result from the exposure of the maxim gravitational pull which comes from the Sgr A * and from the passing celestial body that is close to our solar system and which as presented in the crop data , will intercept in 2012 in area close to Pluto .
If the galactic core which is in the center of the flatten disk has gravitational power to hold stars and planetary systems distant to 50,000 light - years in each direction , you better believe that has power to do much more .
The stellar disk of the Milky Way is around 100,000 light - years in diameter and to hold all this together and to maintain the spin it takes extreme power .
As we stated before , this engine is the Super Massive Black Hole , and Hubble Telescope discovered that is the case also with most of galaxies .
In fact they are starting to find them everywhere but … it ’s a huge Space , everything is possible .
Anyway , it will soon become obvious that the climate is out of control and more and more “ surprises ” will start to appear .
Tornados , Cyclones , earthquakes , volcanoes , shifting in the planetary magnetic balance , tsunamis and you name it what else , that will eventually lead to Shift in the Magnetic polarity of the Earths energetic grid and finally to a Shift in Geological Poles .
It starts to become clear to more and more people what Pole Shift in the geological aspect means .
It means new Global Flood , tearing apart of tectonic plates , sinking parts of continents , rising of new land , deadly CMEs and etc .
Not to mention the Sun , which by “ coincidence ” , will go through Pole Shift again , which so far , as far as we know , was doing after every 11 years .
The last Pole Shift was in 2001 the next one is in 2012 .
Interesting , the more you dig , more and more it ’s coming back to you , and its saying : “ What more do you want , are you stupid or something … ”
In magnetism North rejects North , but attracts South and vice versa .
Imagine if the Sun comes as close as it is depicted in the pictogram , and switch its polarity , in the moment of flip over its magnetic pull will certainly interfere our magnetic and geological Poles .
There are already drastic changes in the magnetism of Poles and to mention changes in geological Poles .
It ’s all connected with planetary spinning , then on outer influence from the Sun , then directly Sgr A * and so on and on .
Imagine the Sun grow in mass !
From our perspective it ’s hard to comprehend all this and it looks as SF , but somehow the creators of the crop formations are not laughing on this possibility , not to mention that our Governments had build deep underground facilities .
So in reality , the only people that someone is laughing at , is us .
They consider us stupid ; they give us Aspartame and Fluoride in everything we consume , because it affects the function of the brain , so we can not think clearly .
If we can not think clearly , we do n’t see clear and we do n’t understand what is going on .
That ’s how they rule .
But it has to stop .
They are killing us one by one , and we are allowing all this to happen .
So it is time that we wake up from a long dream to stop consuming flesh and other poisons and after a while and with the help of meditation and Dharma practice our consciousness will become clear and we will be able to see what ’s coming .
It ’s about time .
In fact , everything has its order and timing , so everything is happening in the rhythm and speed as it should be .
Wow !
Small group of powerful people , that they proclaimed themselves as “ Elite ” with a strong unmoral accent control the huge population through their world leading media , economic agendas , political games , military structures and etc .
This self pronounced “ Elite ” had take advantage of the confusion and the habit of the human kind to be comfortable with someone else thinking for it , has build vast underground world before our sleepy eyes .
We all have to pay big Gratitude to this man Phil Schneider , for all his effort to bring what is going on underground to the public .
Your stay here in this physical plane of existence was not for nothing and many people appreciate what you have done .
Deepest respect my friend …
This “ Elite ” knows what ’s coming , but it will not inform people .
The analysis from the world ’s political and military strategies has shown that vast chambers are built as well as huge prison camps .
That means that there is a strategy that major parts of the human population to be wipe out by the events that are coming .
Also the actions of some ongoing programs in the background are indicating that a selective part of 1/6 of the human population will be taken to underground world .
If you fallow the same logic , many things becomes visible .
There is a high probability that there exist completed lists of names that will be taken down immediately after they pronounce a Marshal Law .
It has to do with genetic compatibility , slave and pleasure purposes , flesh and organ supply and who knows what else .
There are many in the highest military and political world , that are fond off that they gained a place in the underground world .
Not to speak about the polluted rich people , businessmen , doctors , lawyers , pharmacists , and the rest of “ scum ” … believed or not – going down is huge mistake .
Everyone that will be taken down , even if it is by force or by free will , will have to go through Microchipping .
By the Microchip injection , you have ended your choice .
Once the Microchip is in the body they can wirelessly control the subject , his health status , behaviour and eliminate him if they consider nessesary .
Even those on the Top of the political world who think that they are going to be saved , are also manipulated and they too will have to go through the process of Microchipping .
It comes to this : there is no bargain with the Dark Side .
You always lose at the end !
So for all of you , who are among those groups that I mentioned , and I know you monitor everything and that there is no privacy , please consider your actions .
Choose wisely because your superiors are laying to you .
This is a critical time for all of us and we all have to choose a side .
Despite ridiculed by whole world this 1977 Vrillon message is authentic .
You can not expect the same Shadow Government to announce the authenticy of the messages when it has been conducted extreme cleaver Cover Up projects for at least 60 years .
The message is authentic , and its your choice to believe is it genuine or not .
There are many scientific and technical data that can be brought out to prove that hijacking five major UK transmitters in fashion that was done , is extremely hard technological achievement in 1977 and that was not done by us but from beings that have multidimensional flying crafts .
It was real but they Cover it up very well using media .
Normally the people fall for it .
They swallow everything , every time , so why should be this time any different .
Anyway , here it is once more :
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=axxa0wcMCnw
____________________________________________
Full 1977 message transcript :
This is the voice of Vrillon , a representative of the Ashtar Galactic Command , speaking to you .
For many years you have seen us as lights in the skies .
We speak to you now in peace and wisdom as we have done to your brothers and sisters all over this , your planet Earth .
We come to warn you of the destiny of your race and your world so that you may communicate to your fellow beings the course you must take to avoid the disaster which threatens your world , and the beings on our worlds around you .
This is in order that you may share in the great awakening , as the planet passes into the New Age of Aquarius .
The New Age can be a time of great peace and evolution for your race , but only if your rulers are made aware of the evil forces that can overshadow their judgments .
Be still now and listen , for your chance may not come again .
All your weapons of evil must be removed .
The time for conflict is now past and the race of which you are a part may proceed to the higher stages of its evolution if you show yourselves worthy to do this .
You have but a short time to learn to live together in peace and goodwill .
Small groups all over the planet are learning this , and exist to pass on the light of the dawning New Age to you all .
You are free to accept or reject their teachings , but only those who learn to live in peace will pass to the higher realms of spiritual evolution .
Hear now the voice of Vrillon , a representative of the Ashtar Galactic Command , speaking to you .
Be aware also that there are many false prophets and guides operating in your world .
They will suck your energy from you - the energy you call money and will put it to evil ends and give you worthless dross in return .
Your inner divine self will protect you from this .
You must learn to be sensitive to the voice within that can tell you what is truth , and what is confusion , chaos and untruth .
Learn to listen to the voice of truth which is within you and you will lead yourselves onto the path of evolution .
This is our message to our dear friends .
We have watched you growing for many years as you too have watched our lights in your skies .
You know now that we are here , and that there are more beings on and around your Earth than your scientists admit .
We are deeply concerned about you and your path towards the light and will do all we can to help you .
Have no fear , seek only to know yourselves , and live in harmony with the ways of your planet Earth .
We of the Ashtar Galactic Command thank you for your attention .
We are now leaving the plane of your existence .
May you be blessed by the Supreme Love and Truth of the Cosmos ...
_______________________________________
>> Btw , this was 1977 , and do you know the correct date that referred Age of Aquarius starts ?
- 28 March 2013 ( The Start of the Sixth Sun ) .
- Its starting to make sense .
Does it ?
_______________________________________
Anyway , there is something that this “ Elite ” is afraid .
They are not afraid of any human or alien factor .
In fact they build their underground world above one that allready existed that hosts ETs that are here for a long time .
Many of them are not friendly .
So the ultimate enemy is not human factor .
It goes deeper then that .
I will not go into details about this subject , and most of you that are searching for something important ( you do n’t know exactly what you are looking for , but you feel that you are waiting for something , and that once you will see it you will know that it was that – the right stuff you were looking ) !
It comes to red pill - blue pill choice .
For all of you who are reading this , in high military installations , underground , everywhere , and you can do difference , please make a wise choice before its too late .
Look deep into your heart and see what is telling you .
The rule “ Need to Know ” is deliberately put there , so you do n’t know what other projects are doing , so you do not see the big picture and what exactly this Elite is doing .
You have children too , think of them .
Do you think they will be safe down .
DON ’T count on it .
It ’s a mistake and not just one in a life time but one in thousands of years .
I know you are scared and you do n’t know who to trust , and you feel that something is terribly wrong .
Fear Not , but act responsible and do what you can .
We all risk a lot for bringing this out , but if we as humans do not do what it takes and I do n’t know if someone overthere will intervene in our behalf .
Reject the system , find similar people and do what is right .
Its not enough if you are good in heart but you are not doing what is moral and right , you are equal as them if you do not accept your responsibility .
You are all in a places where you were suppose to be and to do your part in this complicated Matrix Scenario .
So wake up .
Do n’t be afraid to do something because if we do not do , we will lost not just our bodies , but our planet and our souls .
We are also in the middle of a spiritual conflict , the Dark Side is deceptive and powerful but its wrong option .
First thing is to reject the system .
Video files like Zeitgeist 1 and 2 and similar provides a lot of clue what is going on .
As I was saying earlier , this ruling Elite or Shadow Government is afraid of what is coming this way .
With the last wave that arrives on 28 March 2013 they will all pay for they did because against the Will of the Creator no one can .
They have flying technologies that can go to Moon , Mars and far beyond that but they can not escape the mirror of their actions done in the past .
SO , WHAT IS SMART TO DO ?
Many things .
But mostly , to stay alive till the arrival of the first few beams .
They will become visible on Dec 13 2012 , and the first one will arrive after 8 days exactly on 11:11 when the alignment will take place .
- After the arrival of the first few beams from the Galactic center , we are safe .
They will be strong enough to clean the astral plane , and afterwards it does n’t matter even if we lose our physical bodies .
We are safe .
The Nexus will clean all the dirt in it .
Advice 1 : if the things went as they will , do n’t go to the underground facilities that will be offered to you .
It ’s better to stay outside then to hide underground .
The Way Down leads to New World Order – distorted idea that stretches all the way back to the ancient Atlantis .
Besides that , there is a big question with tectonic anomalies like previously presented as gravitational pull from the Super Massive Black Hole in the Center of the Milky Way , our Sun and the huge celestial passing body close to our solar system , will something be left of what is build under the Earth ’s surface .
At first look , people will say , this is not the first time its happening , underground structures , basses and tunnels will survive again .
Wrong , this time is different .
This time we can free ourselves or we can lose much more than our physical bodies .
Advice 2 : Around the World a certain percentage of people are more or less informed about 2012 scenario , and they constantly check the new info about 2012 .
They connect with each other through what is called “ survival groups ” .
This and similar Forums on the Web are doing great Job in informing the people .
It ’s the only thing we can use to communicate .
But they will introduce some major internet restrictions soon , so I do not know how long we can surf on this huge library of knowledge and information .
Perhaps you join one of those groups and start preparing .
Its not early it ’s just around the corner .
Despite , those groups are preparing solidly , both technically and financially and they look for location high in the mountain ranges , choose wisely .
What Europe is concern , whatever scenario takes place , it will be under deep water .
There will be tearing apart of the tectonic plates in the region of Ex Yugoslavia , Adriatic Sea , Italy , and down to the middle Africa .
In fact two tectonic plates will brake on the same line .
Euro - Asian and African Plato .
It will be a huge opening and you can imagine the earthquakes of 10.0 + on the Richter scale in the surrounding area .
There was some channelling that New York City will have nuclear blast in 2012 .
It could be related to the 2012 June 06 ( Transits of Venus ) .
Will this really happen , remains to be seen .
We really do n’t relay on channelling but there are people outhere that are really gifted .
Far more gifted and skilled that the 14 Oct 2008 Event .
When those people are trained with special programs , you get some extraordinary results .
Advice number 3 : fallow the input that comes from the crop circles .
Through them all the safe locations will be shown .
It is up to every each of you to choose will you believe those messages or not .
Whatever you choose it ’s your choice and the benefit or consequences is yours .
The Divine Creation will make sure that the right info reaches every one who is worth it , but the choice is yours .
There are many websites with good update of the new crop formations and as far as I know there are some good engineers working on decoding those messages .
If you want to learn to read crop circles , start to learn Sacred Geometry .
It has to do much with fractal geometry , free energy source and even building a space craft .
From my point of view , if someone has bad intentions it is not in his / her / its benefit to give you a knowledge , how to build technology , to alert you about the cosmic events and etc , but it is in his / her / its benefit to keep you in the dark .
The more you are a sleep and you do not understand anything the more easily you can be manipulated .
So , makes no sense .
They are trying to help .
So learn the Seed of Life , Flower of Life , learn Sacred Geometry , learn the mathematical language and read what they are trying to pass to us .
Anyway if you want the see if the crop diagram is real or not , one of the ways is to use software to spin them .
The creators make their signature – it ’s usually pentagram , cube or some 3D shape if the input is concern microwave or instructions for building technology .
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nKy358q8RCk
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q6PjF...eature=related
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xAhwi...eature=related
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KwGaZDeAWqU
http://video.google.com/videoplay?do...40261221&hl=en
http://video.google.com/videoplay?do...26989180928496
Did you notice that they are shooting them down and most times immediately the craft appear above the crops , black helicopters with no marks are released to shoot them down or to chase them away .
Here is a link to one of the biggest crop circle archives :
http://www.x-cosmos.it/cropcircles/
However , the communication with the “ friendly ETs ” becomes more frequent and there is a huge UFO activity .
There are many Orbs , which are living multidimensional entities who are trying to help .
Is in it pathetic , that we are getting help from above and our own human government are laying to us ?
Summarized , there are is a heavy positive and negative ET presence at the moment .
Both sides are doing their own influence on this world so the human kind has to be aware of this fact .
Advice 4 : In the past times they also were facing similar events .
They build huge Arcs to be safe them selves :
Here is a link where they are :
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6cvlzXz17A4
perhaps those locations will be of some use to us , but the one in Australia does not count anymore , because ( according to the channelled data ) in the moment of the heaviest gravitational pull from the Sun , the most of the continent will break and sink under the water .
We are hopping that the channelling is wrong … but .
The Queensland ’scoastal cities will be flooded and only the central regions of Queensland along the inner area of the mountain range together with a part of New South Wales will remain .
The breaking line of the continent is between Adelaide ( Port Augusta ) and Normanton on the other side of the continent .
Central and Western part of the continent will sink down , the coastline of Eastern part will be flooded , the mountain range will redirect the coming water towards Indonesia , just enough a part of land to stay in one peace and intact .
For the first time in my life , I hope the channelling is wrong .
Anyway I passed to you so what you make of it , its your own choice .
There are other places that are safe , but most of others will probably not sustain suitable climate , because after this Global Warming process we are facing Ice Age in most part of our planet .
That is why they build the Underground World .
It ’s already 90 % operational but if the Norwegian politician is correct it has to be finished by the start of 2011 .
But they are all wrong .
Besides it is build with the “ other ” technologies and with the help of the renegade aliens , this cycle is different .
The Shadow Government is deceived by those entities .
Is n’t ironic ?
They had deceived all human kind ( their own kind ) but soon they will face that they also were deceived by the negative ETs and have not been told the truth and the real purpose why underground world is build .
As I was saying earlier : YOU CAN NOT BARGAIN WITH THE DARK SIDE .
AT THE END YOU ALWAYS LOSE .
IT IS IMPORTANT THAT YOU REMEMBER THESE WORDS WHEN TIME COMES !
So , for all of you who will read this .
Wake up !
And do what you heart is telling that is moral and right to do .
Can you see ?
I ’m not an enemy .
I just want to help !
But I can not do it alone .
We all have to unite to one rhythm of consciousness and to step out of the system and to say NO … This has to Stop !
We are not playing your game anymore .
We do n’t need you .
We do n’t need politicians to tell us what to do .
We do not need police and army to defend us .
Defend us from what ?
The elite groups in the military and police institutions are the worst criminals .
See this link of Dr. Bill Deagle lecture :
http://video.google.com/videoplay?do...52945040630461
As Phil Schneider , David Icke Michael Tsarion , Maxwell Jordan , Alex Jones and others …he is determined to take his responsibility and to step on the other side of the circle .
And how more and more of us will awake , more and more they will be stepping to the other side of the cirle .
And it ’s about time .
Advice 5 : Do not ever allow you or your child to be injected with vaccine .
Not ever and not at any cause .
I will not comment further on this .
Advice 6 : Under “ certain circumstances ” I had left the physical body before the beams had arrived ?
What now ?
- In this moment the astral space of this planet is not safe “ if I may say that ” and not many beings can go safely out of it .
There is high chance that ( we have to be open to all possibilities ) that the most of the population with the coming events , after leaving the physical bodies will come directly to the astral dimension .
The adjustment of the consciousness has to be done as soon as possible .
I would not recommend entering to dark tunnels with the light at the end .
This could be easily one more manipulation from the multidimensional entities that are not friendly to us .
If you are not sure , do not get “ friendly ” with any entity before the beams from the galactic center arrives .
There is a possibility , that on the astral plane , huge ships will be parked , with a plan to use their advanced technology to trap as many consciousness they can .
The same consciousness that were previously in human bodies , and then to cut their awareness , to put them in dream like awareness so they will not know what is going on , ( believe that they have technology and the skills to do that ) and then to put them inside the energetic containers , then transported to other systems and finally to put them in other bodies so the manipulation and the explanation of the generated energy field called aura which is result of the fusing of our consciousness with the energies in the surrounding space , can continue .
We also are multidimensional beings , but something happened that lefts us with this double helix awareness , which is enough for reading , testing and perceiving this physical reality ( although limited only on five senses ) and partial awareness of the astral plane in a form of dreams , lucid dreaming , and partly conscious out of the body experience .
That is why it is advisable physical dislocation to zones that have multidimensional portals above the ground , places with strong and dense positive energy .
Put in simple words – places on the physical plane where the astral dimension is save and secure .
I know that all this is probably hard to swallow for most of you , but its happening .
For few of you , still open minded , the Shield that is keeping our consciousness attached to this planet , its weakening and with the right determination can be penetrated and consciousness can escape .
Leaving in any direction , means infinitive choices , but I recommend redirecting your astral body directly towards the center of the Milky Way , high speed astral flight in that direction and intercepting the beams that are coming this way .
It the only place , that I ’m sure it ’s safe !
Please remember all this , before they remove this from the net !
If your astral skills are not so good , try to stay awake in the astral plane and avoid any tunnels , vortexes and etc. , in the astral plane .
Resist any outer pressure from anyone overthere to enter into craft , portal and etc. , and wait for the Nexus to arrive .
If you stay while in the astral dimension , you will soon use to this new density and if that happens do n’t wait , but leave this planet and go directly to the directions of center of the galaxy .
The moment one of the beams of the Nexus touches you , you are safe !
Will the aliens land officially on Earth before 2012 ?
- I have no clear answer for that question .
Many of those races are here all the time , many penetrate our plane of existence from time to time , doing their own agendas and they leave .
Will some of those races will decide to come to open before the 2012 , remains to be seen .
- In any case , many of this is still an open book , and like in a chess game , depends on the moves of the Malevolent races , Neutral and Benevolent races present in this solar system , Illuminati , Shadow Government , Increase of the level of the awareness of the global population etc .
- Is there is a possibility that nothing of this happens and that all this 2012 scenario is only very good loaded New Age Scum ?
- From the best that I know , no .
Not just that is going to happen , but its already happening .
Just look at the evidence around you .
Climate change , Pole Shifts of other planets , increased of brightness of the planets ( search Google for increased brightness of Venus and Jupiter , and tell me that this is normal and has happened before ) , and I can go on and on for hours just to make a list of evidence .
- There are some indications that Shadow Government is conducting some kind of experiment using the “ other technology ” to move through time with the intention to stop this 2012 event ?
- Waste of time .
No one can stop what is coming .
- Should we be afraid ?
- No. The Cosmic reality is bigger that we are .
We are on the start of the change which is natural culmination of things .
We should fear ignorance and prejudice .
Only the true knowledge will set you free and it will be there for you when you will need it the most .
- If some entity is trying to communicate with me , how should I know if he / she / it is positive or negative ?
- Try to feel what you feel deep inside of you .
Try to sense the vibration that your heart is sending to you , and that is your answer .
- Are we on a door of something extraordinary ?
- I believe Yes .
All our troubles will soon be over and soon we will exist fully conscious on higher density and become aware of our true nature and the true nature of all things in the Universe .
- What else is smart that we do ?
- Look back to your lives and see where obstructs and where you find unpleasant mark .
Fix the mistakes that you have done , be brave to apologize where you need to and to ask for forgiveness where you need to .
From every enemy in your life try to make friend or it that is n’t possible make effort to gain a neutral relationship with that person which will automatically lead to disintegration of long time generated mental energy .
Remember , we are all connected .
We just don see it , because of this five sense limitation we have .
We are one giant conscious organism , one being but because of the DNA degradation we do n’t feel it and we do n’t see it .
The beams will reprogram our DNA and you will see what I ’m talking about .
Do the things that you wanted to do for a long time .
Give yourself a time - out .
Spend time with your family and bring joy and happy moments .
Clean your life .
Try to avoid doing evil in any form .
Turn to your cosmic nature .
Stop to eating flesh , because by consuming it you approve what is doing to our race .
Make a change .
Turn to the nature , meditate , expend you perception .
That is smart to do .
The rest will be done by the beams .
- Should we be joyful that we are present here in this moment in time , just before the end of a long cycle ?
- Yes .
If you look with the eyes of your common sense and intellect , you see Pole Shifts , unavoidable catastrophes as result of natural cosmic conditions and laws .
But if you look with the eyes of you heart , the picture looks different and deep inside yourself you know that in the end , everything will be Ok .
- Something about the future ?
- Stay awake .
Fallow the path of Love and the Universe will open its paths that will take to safety .
Just open your heart and listen where it points .
- How do I picture the form of the Creator and how this form will look like inside the Nexus ?
- What shell I do when time comes ?
- It makes no difference how you imagine the Creator .
It is important that you create space deep inside you that can accept the Creator .
That space is called pure heart .
Once the beam of white - bluish light strikes you , everything will come by itself .
- How will I know if Am I ready ?
- You are ready .
Otherwise the Universe would n’t bring this information to you .
- So we do n’t have to worry about ?
At the end everything will be right ?
- Yes , but I will recommend staying with full consciousness till the cosmic beams arrive .
- Are the beams coming this way , for sure ?
- Yes , the beams of the Nexus are coming .
The scientific community is just starting to understand the true nature of this phenomena .
If you do not have the both components in balance , both intellectual and spiritual , you do not see the true reality of the Universe and how it functions .
With the beams also is coming the transformation of the Matrix .
Put in other words , the beams will bring extreme transformation of the configuration of the DNA molecule of every living thing that is touched by them .
- Will there be some kind of adjustment or will it happen suddenly ?
- Yes , there will be a vibrational acclimatization .
That is why they will arrive one after another .
The last one will arrive on 28 March 2013 and it will mark the completion of the evolution of the DNA of life in the region of the Cosmos .
- How long will the change last ?
- Long enough , so we can forget that there was a time of sorrow , pain , anger , jealousy , hate .
Long enough so we can start to love again and to start to respect the life in the Universe .
At the end we are all ONE .
Respected friends , I have nothing else to add to this .
You will probably not hear from me again .
I ’m hoping you will be able to see what is coming this way with open mind and open heart .
At the end , as David Icke clearly put it : Love is the Only Truth Everything Else is Illusion .
My job is done .
I have passed the information .
Now it ’s up to you .
May you be blessed by the Supreme Love and Truth of the Cosmos ...
I love you all
Astralwalker
There arethatwill increase , to , as we approaching the point of thewith theon
This will be a natural result from the exposure of thewhich comes from theand from thethat is close to ourand which as presented in the crop data , willinin area close to If thewhich is in the center of thehas gravitational power to hold stars and planetary systems distant toin each direction , you better believe that hasto do much more .
The stellar disk of theis aroundin diameter and to hold all this together and to maintain the spin it takes extreme power .
As we stated before , this engine is the , anddiscovered that is the case also with most of galaxies .
Anyway , it will soon become obvious that theis out of control and more and more “ ” will start to appear .
It starts to become clear to more and more people whatin the geological aspect means .
Not to mention the , which by “ ” , will go throughagain , which so far , as far as we know , was doing after
The last Pole Shift was in 2001 the next one is in 2012 .
the more you dig , more and more it ’s coming back to you , and its saying :
In magnetismrejects North , but attractsand Imagine if thecomes as close as it is depicted in the pictogram , and , in the moment ofits magnetic pull will certainlyour magnetic and geological Poles .
There are already drastic changes in the magnetism of Poles and to mention changes in geological Poles .
It ’s all connected with planetary spinning , then on outer influence from the Sun , then directly Sgr A * and so on and on .
From our perspective it ’s hard to comprehend all this and it looks as SF , but somehow the creators of the crop formations are not laughing on this possibility , not to mention that our Governments had build deep underground facilities .
So in reality , the only people that someone is laughing at , is us .
They consider us ; they give usandin everything we consume , because it affects the function of the brain , so we can not think
If we can not think clearly , we do n’t see clear and we do n’t understand what is going on .
They are killing us one by one , and we are allowing all this to happen .
So it is time that we wake up from a long dream to stop consuming flesh and other poisons and after a while and with the help of meditation and Dharma practice our consciousness will become clear and we will be able to see what ’s coming .
It ’s about time .
In fact , everything has its order and timing , so everything is happening in the rhythm and speed as it should be .
Small group of powerful people , that they proclaimed themselves as “ ” with a strongcontrol the huge population through their world leading media , economic agendas , political games , military structures and etc .
This self pronounced “ ” had take advantage of the confusion and the habit of the human kind to be comfortable with someone else thinking for it , has build vast underground world before our sleepy eyes .
We all have to pay big Gratitude to this man , for all his effort to bring what is going on underground to the public .
Your stay here in this physical plane of existence was not for nothing and many people appreciate what you have done .
This “ ” knows what ’s coming , but it will not inform people .
The analysis from the world ’s political and military strategies has shown that vast chambers are built as well as huge prison camps .
That means that there is a strategy that major parts of the human population to be wipe out by the events that are coming .
Also the actions of some ongoing programs in the background are indicating that a selective part of 1/6 of the human population will be taken to underground world .
If you fallow the same logic , many things becomes visible .
There is a high probability that there exist completed lists of names that will be taken down immediately after they pronounce a Marshal Law .
It has to do with genetic compatibility , slave and pleasure purposes , flesh and organ supply and who knows what else .
There are many in the highest military and political world , that are fond off that they gained a place in the underground world .
Not to speak about the polluted rich people , businessmen , doctors , lawyers , pharmacists , and the rest of “ scum ” … believed or not – Everyone that will be taken down , even if it is by force or by free will , will have to go throughOnce the Microchip is in the body they can wirelessly control the subject , his health status , behaviour and eliminate him if they consider nessesary .
Even those on theof the political world who think that they are going to be saved , are also manipulated and they too will have to go through the process of Microchipping .
It comes to this :
So for all of you , who are among those groups that I mentioned , and I know you monitor everything and that there is no privacy , please consider your actions .
Choose wisely because your superiors are laying to you .
This is a critical time for all of us and we all have to choose a side .
Despite ridiculed by whole world thisis authentic .
You can not expect the same Shadow Government to announce the authenticy of the messages when it has been conducted extreme cleaverfor at least 60 years .
There are many scientific and technical data that can be brought out to prove that hijacking five major UK transmitters in fashion that was done , is extremely hard technological achievement in 1977 and that was not done by us but from beings that have multidimensional flying crafts .
It was real but they Cover it up very well using media .
Normally the people fall for it .
They swallow everything , every time , so why should be this time any different .
Anyway , here it is once more :
____________________________________________This is the voice of , a representative of the , speaking to you .
For many years you have seen us as lights in the skies .
We speak to you now in peace and wisdom as we have done to your brothers and sisters all over this , your planet Earth .
We come toof theof your race and your world so that you may communicate to your fellow beings the course you must take to avoid the disaster which threatens your world , and the beings on our worlds around you .
This is in order that you may share in the great awakening , as the planet passes into the Thecan be a time offor your race , but only if yourare made aware of thethat can overshadow theirBe still now and listen , Theis nowand theif you show yourselvesto do this .
You have but atoto live together in peace and goodwill .
Small groups all over the planet are learning this , and exist to pass on the light of the dawning New Age to you all .
Hear now the voice of Vrillon , a representative of the Ashtar Galactic Command , speaking to you .
also that there are many false prophets and guides operating in your world .
Yourwill protect you from this .
You must learn to be sensitive to the voice within that can tell you what is truth , and what is confusion , chaos and untruth .
toto thewhich is within you and you will lead yourselves onto theWe have watched you growing for many years as you too have watched our lights in your skies .
You know now that we are here , and that there are more beings on and around your Earth than your scientists admit .
We are deeply concerned about you and your path towards the light and will do all we can to help you .
We of thethank you for your attention .
We are now leaving the plane of your existence .
_______________________________________>>this was , and do you know thethat referredstarts ?- 28 March 2013 ( ) ._______________________________________Anyway , there is something that this “ ” is afraid .
They are not afraid of any human or alien factor .
In fact they build their underground world above one that allready existed that hosts ETs that are here for a long time .
Many of them are not friendly .
So the ultimate enemy is not human factor .
I will not go into details about this subject , and most of you that are searching for something important ( you do n’t know exactly what you are looking for , but you feel that you are waiting for something , and that once you will see it you will know that it was that – the right stuff you were looking ) !
It comes tochoice .
For all of you who are reading this , in high military installations , underground , everywhere , and you can do difference , please make a wise choice before its too late .
Look deep into your heart and see what is telling you .
The rule “ ” is deliberately put there , so you do n’t know what other projects are doing , so you do not see the big picture and what exactly thisis doing .
You have children too , think of them .
Do you think they will be safe down ..
It ’s a mistake and not just one in a life time but one in thousands of years .
I know you are scared and you do n’t know who to trust , and you feel that something is terribly wrong .
Fear Not , but act responsible and do what you can .
We all risk a lot for bringing this out , but if we as humans do not do what it takes and I do n’t know if someone overthere will intervene in our behalf . , find similar people and do what is right .
Its not enough if you are good in heart but you are not doing what is moral and right , you are equal as them if you do not accept your responsibility .
You are all in a places where you were suppose to be and to do your part in this complicated .
Do n’t be afraid to do something because if we do not do , we will lost not just our bodies , but our planet and our souls .
We are also in the middle of a spiritual conflict , theis deceptive and powerful but its wrong option .
First thing is to reject the system .
Video files likeandand similar provides a lot of clue what is going on .
As I was saying earlier , this rulingoris afraid of what is coming this way .
With the last wave that arrives onthey will all pay for they did because against the Will of theno one can .
They have flying technologies that can go to Moon , Mars and far beyond that but theythe mirror of their actions done in the past .
But mostly , till the arrival of the first few beams .
They will become visible on , and the first one will arriveexactly onwhen the alignment will take place .
if the things went as they will , do n’t go to thethat will be offered to you .
It ’s better to stay outside then to hide underground .
leads to– distorted idea that stretches all the way back to the , there is a big question with tectonic anomalies like previously presented as gravitational pull from the Super Massive Black Hole in the Center of the Milky Way , our Sun and the huge celestial passing body close to our solar system , of what is build under the Earth ’s surface . , people will say , this is not the first time its happening , underground structures , basses and tunnels will survive again .
This time we canor we can lose much more than our physical bodies .
Around the World a certain percentage of people are more or less informed about , and they constantly check the new info about 2012 .
They connect with each other through what is called “ ” .
It ’s the only thing we can use to communicate .
But they will introduce some , so I do not know how long we can surf on this huge library of knowledge and information .
Perhaps you join one of those groups and start preparing .
Its not early it ’s just around the corner .
Despite , those groups are preparing solidly , both technically and financially and they look for location high in the mountain ranges , choose wisely .
Whatis concern , whatever scenario takes place , it will be There will beof thein the region of In fact two tectonic plates will brake on the same line .
It will be a huge opening and you can imagine the earthquakes ofin the surrounding area .
There was some channelling thatwill have nuclear blast in .
It could be related to the 2012 June 06 ( ) .
Will this really happen , remains to be seen .
We reallyonbut there are people outhere that are really .
Far more gifted and skilled that the 14 Oct 2008 Event .
When those people are trained with special programs , you get some extraordinary results .
fallow the input that comes from the .
Through them all thewill be shown .
It is up to every each of you to choose will you believe those messages or not .
Whatever you choose it ’s your choice and the benefit or consequences is yours .
Thewill make sure that the right info reaches every one who is worth it , but the choice is yours .
There are manywith good update of the new crop formations and as far as I know there are some good engineers working on decoding those messages .
If you want to learn to read crop circles , start to learn .
It has to do much with fractal geometry , free energy source and even building a space craft . , if someone has bad intentions it is not in his / her / its benefit to give you a knowledge , how to build technology , to alert you about the cosmic events and etc , but it is in his / her / its benefitin the The more you are a sleep and you do not understand anything the more easily you can be manipulated ..
They are trying to help .
So learn the Seed of Life , Flower of Life , learn Sacred Geometry , learn the mathematical language and read what they are trying to pass to us .
Anyway if you want the see if theis real or not , one of the ways is to use .
The creators make their signature – it ’s usuallyif the input is concern microwave or instructions for building Did you notice that they areand most times immediately the craft appear above the crops , with no marks are released to shoot them down or to chase them away .
Here is a link to one of the biggest crop circle archives :
However , the communication with the “ ” becomes more frequent and there is a hugeactivity .
There are many , which are livingwho are trying to help .
Is in it pathetic , that we are getting help from above and our own human government are laying to us ?
Summarized , there are is a heavy positive and negativeat the moment .are doing their own influence on this world so the human kind has to be aware of this fact .
In the past times they also were facing similar events .
They build huge Arcs to be safe them selves :
Here is a link where they are : perhaps those locations will be of some use to us , but the one in Australia does not count anymore , because ( according to the channelled data ) in the moment of the heaviest gravitational pull from the Sun , the most of the continent will break and sink under the water .
The breaking line of the continent is between ) andon the other side of the continent .
andof thewill , the , thewillthe comingtowards , just enough a part ofto stay in one peace and intact .
Anyway I passed to you so what you make of it , its your own choice .
There are other places that are safe , but most of others will probably not sustain suitable climate , because after thiswe are facinginof our planet ..
It ’s alreadybut if theis correct it has to be finished by theofBut they are all wrong .
Besides it is build with the “ ” technologies and with the help of the renegade aliens , Theis deceived by those entities .
They had deceived all ( their own kind ) but soon they will face that they also were deceived by theand have not been told the truth and the real purpose why underground world is build .
As I was saying earlier : So , for all of you who will read this .
Wake up !
And do what you heart is telling that is moral and right to do .
Can you see ?
I ’m not an enemy .
I just want to help !
But I can not do it alone .
We all have to unite to one rhythm of consciousness and to step out of the system and to say NO … This has to Stop !
We are not playing your game anymore .
We do n’t need you .
We do n’t need politicians to tell us what to do .
We do not need police and army to defend us .
Defend us from what ?
The elite groups in the military and police institutions are the worst criminals .
See this link oflecture : Asand others …he is determined to take his responsibility and to step on the other side of the circle .
And how more and more of us will awake , more and more they will be stepping to the other side of the cirle .
And it ’s about time .
I will not comment further on this .
Under “ ” Ithebefore thehad arrived ?
- In this moment theof this planet is not safe “ if I may say that ” and not many beings can go safely out of it .
There is high chance that ( we have to be open to all possibilities ) that the most of the population with the coming events , after leaving the physical bodies will come directly to the The adjustment of thehas to be done as soon as possible .
I wouldentering towith the light at the end .
This could be easily one more manipulation from the multidimensional entities that are not friendly to us .
If you are not sure , do not get “ ” with any entity before thefrom thearrives . , that on thewill be parked , with a plan to use their advanced technology to trap as manythey can .
The same consciousness that were previously in human bodies , and then to cut their awareness , to put them in dream like awareness so they will not know what is going on , ( ) and then to put them inside the energetic containers , then transported to other systems and finally to put them in other bodies so the manipulation and the explanation of the generated energy field called aura which is result of the fusing of our consciousness with the energies in the surrounding space , can continue .
We also are , but something happened that lefts us with this double helix awareness , which is enough for reading , testing and perceiving this physical reality ( ) and partial awareness of the astral plane in a form of dreams , lucid dreaming , and partly conscious out of the body experience .
That is why it is advisabletothat have multidimensional portals above the ground , places with strong and dense positive energy .
Put in simple words – I know that all this is probablyfor most of you , but its happening .
For few of you , still open minded , thethat is keeping ourattached to this planet , its weakening and with the right determination can beand consciousness can , means , but I recommend redirecting yourdirectly towards the , high speed astral flight in that direction and intercepting the beams that are coming this way .
Please remember all this , before they remove this from the net !
Ifare not so good , try to stay awake in the astral plane and avoid any tunnels , vortexes and etc. , in the astral plane .
Resist any outer pressure from anyone overthere to enter into craft , portal and etc. , and wait for theto arrive .
If you stay while in the , you will soon use to this new density and if that happens do n’t wait , but leave this planet and go directly to the directions of center of the galaxy .
The moment one of the beams of the Nexus touches you , you are safe !-
I have no clear answer for that question .
Will some of those races will decide to come to open before the , remains to be seen . , many of this is still an , and like in a chess game , depends on the moves of thepresent in this solar system , - Is there is a possibility thatof this happens and that all this 2012 scenario is only very good loaded New Age Scum ?.
Not just that is going to happen , but its already happening .
Climate change , Pole Shifts of other planets , increased of brightness of the planets ( search Google for increased brightness of Venus and Jupiter , and tell me that this is normal and has happened before ) , and I can go on and on for hours just to make a list of evidence . -
Waste of time .
No one can stop what is coming .
Theis bigger that we are .
We are on the start of the change which is natural culmination of things .
We should fear ignorance and prejudice .
Only thewill set you free and it will be there for you when you will need it the most . -
Try to feel what you feel deep inside of you .
Try to sense the vibration that youris sending to you , and that is your answer .
All ourwill soon be over and soon we will exist fully conscious on higher density and become aware of our true nature and the true nature of all things in the Universe .
to your lives and see where obstructs and where you find unpleasant mark .
the mistakes that you have done , be brave towhere you need to and to ask forwhere you need to .
From everyin your life try to make friend or it that is n’t possible make effort to gain a neutral relationship with that person which will automatically lead toof long time generated mental energy .
we are all .
We just don see it , because of this five sense limitation we have .
We arebut because of the DNA degradation we do n’t feel it and we do n’t see it .
Thewill reprogram ourand you will see what I ’m talking about .
Do thethat you wanted to do for a long time .
Give yourself a .
Spend time with your family and bring joy and happy moments .
Make a change .
Turn to the nature , meditate , expend you perception .
Thewill be done by the If you look with the eyes of yourand intellect , you see , unavoidable catastrophes as result of natural cosmic conditions and laws .
if you look with thethe picture looks different and deep inside yourself you know that in the end , everything will beFallow the path of Love and the Universe will open its paths that will take to .
Just open your heart and listen where it points .-
It makeshow you imagine the .
It isthat you createdeep inside you that can accept the Creator .
Once the beam oflight strikes you , everything will come by itself ..
Otherwise thewould n’t bring this information to you .
- Yes , but I will recommend staying with full consciousness till the cosmic beams arrive .
- Yes , the beams of theare coming .
The scientific community is just starting to understand the true nature of this phenomena .
If you do not have the bothinboth intellectual and spiritual , you do not see the true reality of the Universe and how it functions ..
Put in other words , the beams will bringof theof theof everythat is touched by them . -
Yes , there will be a .
That is why they will arrive one after another .
The last one will arrive onand it willthe completion of the evolution of theof life in the region of the At the end we are allRespected friends , I have nothing else to add to this .
You will probably not hear from me again .
I ’m hoping you will be able to see what is coming this way with open mind and open heart .
At the end , asclearly put it : My job is done .
I have passed the information .
Now it ’s up to you .
Last edited by Astralwalker ; 12-31-2008 at 05:46 PM
.
Editor 's Note : danah boyd is a social media researcher at Microsoft Research New England and a fellow at Harvard University 's Berkman Center for Internet and Society .
She recently completed her Ph.D. on social media , youth practices and other intersections between technology and society .
( CNN ) -- Facebook 's privacy problems have been in the news ... again .
Although complaints may have started deep in the blogosphere , even Time Magazine has made them its cover story .
In response , Facebook announced a new privacy model to address complaints that it's too darn hard to actually navigate privacy settings on Facebook .
( Well , duh . )
It 's not yet clear whether Facebook 's changes will satiate the Facebook citizenry ( let alone the rabid critics ) , but the conversations about privacy settings tend to emphasize only a fraction of the core concerns .
Facebook rightfully believes that it 's important to give users control over their settings , to empower them to make decisions about what 's accessible .
But Facebook can also be condescending , suggesting that they know what 's best for their users because they have so much data about them ( which they do ) .
Unfortunately , Facebook 's data tells them a lot about what people do but little about why they do it .
They know that people are n't quitting Facebook , but that does n't mean that users are n't frustrated or concerned ( or would be if they understood what was happening ) .
Do n't get me wrong -- the privacy settings are confounding even for the most experienced digerati and I 'm very glad that they 're addressing this fundamental issue .
But in doing so , I hope that they realize that the main reason for so much public outrage goes beyond privacy settings .
The issue is fundamentally about trust and informed consent .
When people share information with Facebook , they become vulnerable to Facebook .
They trust Facebook to respect their interests .
Facebook has the power to expose people in ways that make their lives really miserable .
Because of that power , it 's crucial that they stop telling users what 's best for them and start engaging in a more meaningful dialogue .
Changing things and then forcing users to opt out is manipulative .
Instead , they should be seeking informed consent -- actively working with users to help make sure that they understand what 's at stake in their choices .
It is unacceptable for a company like Facebook to trick people into " consenting " to make their data more visible than they might think that it is .
People should be able to understand Facebook 's changes and have choices available that allow them to make appropriate decisions .
When Facebook changed its privacy settings in December , far too many people clicked on through without realizing that a few mouse clicks meant that they were exposing their status updates to the world .
Many people may know exactly how not - private their Facebook profile or updates are .
But do they ?
I recommend using ReclaimPrivacy to scan your privacy settings .
Keep in mind that " Everybody " is more than the people searching for you on Facebook -- this includes every company or individual who wants to use your information for any purpose .
In many ways , it 's more accessible than simply posting something on a public website and waiting for Google to find it .
And keep in mind that " Friends - of - Friends " means more than the people that you 'd invite to a birthday party .
I talked with a young woman who vowed that she 'd never friend her mother ; she did n't realize that if she friended her aunt and her aunt friended her mother than " Friends - of - Friends " included her mother .
Do people really know who is included in their " Friends - of - Friends ? "
Facebook does n't just need to fix its privacy settings .
It needs to fix its attitude and repair its relationship with its users .
Facebook is n't just a space for users to share ; it is built on the backs of people and profits off of the data people entrust to them .
An abusive relationship is simply unacceptable .
Facebook must go beyond paternalism and start empowering users to help guide the future of the service .
It starts with committing to an opt - in approach to changes and developing features that allow users to have complete transparency as to how their data is exposed to , and used by , third parties .
It then requires innovating ways to actively engage participants .
Facebook built a platform for mass sharing , but if it wants to change the world , it must also develop mechanisms for informed participation .
With great power comes great responsibility .
A small handful of early adopters are encountering problems with the massive 4.3 - inch display on Motorola 's new Droid X smartphone .
A number of users are seeing serious banding , flickering , and other kinds of major distortions .
Verizon has confirmed that the screen issues are caused by a hardware defect , but the carrier says that the problem is isolated to less than one percent of the total Droid X inventory .
Hardware blog Engadget published several videos that demonstrate the flaw .
They later received an official statement from Verizon informing them that the hardware defect is not widespread and that afflicted customers should contact Verizon or Motorola .
Our two review units appear to be unaffected by the glitch and are n't exhibiting any of the documented symptoms .
Keep an eye out for our full - length Droid X review , which is coming soon .
As expected , the NHLPA filed a grievance against the NHL on the part of Ilya Kovalchuk , who had his 17 - year , $ 102 million contract rejected by the NHL July 20 .
The NHLPA announced the decision in a statement this afternoon .
“ The NHLPA has filed a grievance disputing the NHL ’s rejection of the Standard Player Contract between the New Jersey Devils and Ilya Kovalchuk , ” NHLPA spokesperson Jonathan Weatherdon wrote in the statement .
“ Under the terms of the CBA , the NHLPA and Mr. Kovalchuk are entitled to an expedited resolution of this matter .
The NHLPA will have no further comment until this matter has been resolved by an arbitrator . ”
Deputy Commissioner Bill Daly responded to the NHLPA ’s statement .
“ We have received formal notice that the NHLPA is grieving the league ’s rejection of Ilya Kovalchuk ’s contract with the New Jersey Devils , ” Daly said in the statement .
“ Although there is no defined timetable at this point , we intend to work with the players ’ association to ensure an expeditious resolution of this dispute .
The league looks forward to the opportunity to establish its position before the arbitrator .
We will have no further public comment pending completion of the process . ”
The next step will be for both the league and the player ’s association to find a “ systems ” arbitrator to rule on the case .
The arbitrator will have 48 hours to decide whether to uphold the NHL ’s rejection or deny it .
AS IT HAPPENED : Reaction to Mehserle involuntary manslaughter verdict
Johannes Mehserle , the former BART Police Officer who shot and killed unarmed passenger Oscar Grant on January 1 , 2009 , at the Fruitvale BART station in Oakland , has been found guilty of involuntary manslaughter by a Los Angeles jury .
The jury found Mehserle not guilty of the most serious charge he faced : murder .
Mehserle faces five to 14 years in state prison for Grant ’s killing .
These are the updates we put out as reaction rolled in and protests began after the verdict .
RELATED : Mehserle found guilty of involuntary manslaughter , acquitted of murder
RELATED : Peaceful protests against Mehserle verdict turn violent as sunsets
Jason Demers Signs For 2 More Years by San Jose Sharks Staff / San Jose Sharks
The San Jose Sharks announced on Thursday that the club has signed defenseman Jason Demers to a two - year contract extension .
“ Jason ’s puck - moving capabilities and competitive nature fit well with where our team is trending , ” said Sharks Executive Vice President and General Manager Doug Wilson .
“ He is very capable of executing the up - tempo style of game we want to play and we see him as an important part of our team . ”
Demers , voted the PlayStation “ Rookie of the Year ” by the Bay Area media , tied for fourth among NHL rookie defensemen with 21 points ( four goals , 17 assists ) despite playing in only 51 games .
He finished fourth among Sharks blueliners in scoring .
Demers also played in 25 games with Worcester ( AHL ) , where he collected 17 points ( four goals , 13 assists ) and 24 penalty minutes .
In the Stanley Cup Playoffs with San Jose , he added five points ( one goal , four assists ) in 15 games .
The six - foot - one , 195 - pound native of Dorval , Quebec was originally selected by San Jose in the seventh round ( 186th overall ) of the 2008 NHL Entry Draft .
View Less
One dark and electrically stormy night , the lights blinked out in our rented Maine cabin .
Lacking candles or a flashlight , my mother knew just what to do : she poured the hamburger grease from a frying pan into a teacup , then tore a few dangling strands of cotton from the open knee of my bell - bottom jeans .
She set the wick in the fat and struck a match .
A teenager at the time , I ’d never been quite so impressed with parental competence .
The lights eventually came back on , and I forgot about the burger lamp until reading Jane Brox ’s “ Brilliant : The Evolution of Artificial Light , ” which takes us from fat to fluorescence and on into the future ( beyond the bulb , that is ) .
The book starts off promisingly , in the dim past .
Forty thousand years ago , by the caves of Lascaux , our ancestors made lamps of animal fat puddled in hollowed - out stone .
Wicks were twisted lichen or moss .
In ­other places at other times , humans lighted their way with corralled fireflies , torches of burning pine knots , or dried salmon on a stick .
When Shetland Islanders needed a lamp , Brox writes , “ they ’d affix a petrel carcass to a base of clay , thread a wick down its throat , and set it alight . ”
These early flames were not brilliant ; they smoked , gave off foul odors and required constant tending .
No wonder folks went to bed as soon as their work was done .
Millenniums passed .
Improvements — in wicks , vessels , fuels and ways to ignite them — came slowly , though somewhat less so for some :
“ The wealthy and powerful have always been the first to acquire new kinds of light and have always had more of it than others , ” Brox writes .
In the Middle Ages , the rich ( and the Roman Catholic Church ) were enjoying the clear and steady flames of beeswax candles , while the rest of the world still squinted into the grimy light of whatever adipose matter lay at hand , whether rendered from manatees , alligators , whales , sheep , oxen , bison , deer or coconuts .
In lean times , the poor could face a difficult choice : eat those candles or burn them .
Brox follows light from the home and workshop into the streets , tracking the expansion of public lighting and the steady diminution of darkness .
Shadows provided privacy in cramped quarters , but darkness threatened public safety ( or so thought some ; others believed light aided robbers and footpads ) .
In the Middle Ages , expanding cities employed lantern - bearing night watchmen , erected gates and enforced curfews ( much as we do during blackouts today ) .
By the late 1600s , some cities began to require that citizens place candles or lamps on street - facing windowsills .
( Yes , Brox ’s take throughout is Eurocentric . )
Though unsteady and faint , such lights served to lengthen the day , offering time “ maybe for work , maybe for the counterlife that the night always offered : a chance for pleasure and the risk of transgression . ”
Personal Injury
Outstanding Client Service on Complex Personal Injury Claims
Callahan & Blaine was established in 1984 as a law firm focused on the resolution of complex disputes through superior litigation skills : pleading , discovery , depositions , law and motion , negotiation and trial advocacy .
First applied primarily to complex business litigation and corporate cases , for the last 15 years our attorneys now have applied our exceptional trial and litigation skills on behalf of clients in Southern California and the United State in the areas of catastrophic personal injury and wrongful death litigation .
We are California ’s Premier Personal Injury Litigation Firm .
One of our recent settlements — a $ 50 million settlement in a complex municipal liability case — set the record as the largest reported personal injury recovery in United States history .
Our more than 20 highly experienced trial and litigation attorneys and our extensive experience with the litigation and trial of complex business matters provide Callahan & Blaine a huge advantage in personal injury cases .
Callahan & Blaine is recognized nationally for winning the most complex and difficult cases , including the highest jury verdict in Orange County history , $ 934 million .
If your personal injury or wrongful death claim involves damages in the millions , difficult insurance coverage issues , or complex projections of future treatment or life assistance needs on disputed facts , contact Callahan & Blaine in Orange County for an initial consultation about your litigation options .
You ’ll find that there are many advantages to working with trial attorneys with a national reputation for excellence in civil litigation .
Whether you need an Irvine personal injury attorney , Santa Ana personal injury lawyer , or a Newport Beach personal injury attorney , Callahan & Blaine can help .
More Than Thirty World Class Litigators – 700 Years of Combined Experience
We use our experience with the demands of complex business litigation to inform our personal injury practice on the most challenging cases involving traumatic brain injury , spinal cord damage or California wrongful death claims .
We hold the record for the highest personal injury settlement in U.S. history * — $ 50 million in 2007 on behalf of two women who suffered quadriplegia when struck by a driver in a bicycle lane .
Our careful attention to detail in the identification of insurance coverage and the proof of damages in complex injury claims means that no potential source of compensation will be overlooked in developing your lawsuit .
In the worst injury cases , it can be difficult to find a defendant whose coverage is adequate for your losses .
Our experience with the litigation of damages claims against any accountable party in a catastrophic injury case can make the decisive difference .
In the last five years alone , our attorneys have won more than $ 1.5 billion in verdicts and settlements in complex civil claims .
We handle personal injury and wrongful death claims throughout Southern California in cases involving :
Car accidents
Bicycle or pedestrian accidents
Truck accidents
Motorcycle accidents
Dangerous property conditions
Product defects , including motor vehicle design and component defects
Our ability to apply the broad litigation strategies and focused investigation and discovery tactics characteristic of complex business litigation can make a significant difference in the outcome of your personal injury or wrongful death claim .
Protect the Value of Your Claim – Call ( 888 ) 284-0809
You ’ll be working with an experienced trial lawyer at every stage of your case — every attorney at our firm is a seasoned and accomplished litigator with a regional or national reputation for excellence in advocacy .
Contact Us To Speak With A Trial Attorney Today
Learn more about the benefits of working with our AV - rated ** litigation firm .
Contact Callahan & Blaine in Orange County for an initial consultation about your personal injury claim .
* As certified by West Trial Digest .
** CV , BV , and AV are registered certification marks of Reed Elsevier Properties Inc. , used in accordance with the Martindale - Hubbell certification procedures , standards , and policies .
Martindale - Hubbell is the facilitator of a peer review rating process .
Ratings reflect the confidential opinions of members of the Bar and the judiciary .
Martindale - Hubbell ratings fall into two categories – legal ability and general ethical standards .
Toronto FC arrived in Kansas City on Friday evening without Martin Saric and Amadou Sanyang .
The midfield duo will miss Saturday ’s match against the Wizards at Community America Ballpark due to injury .
Saric remains sidelined with a quad strain and has n’t played since coming off at half time in the 1 - 0 win over Colorado Rapids on July 10 .
Sanyang has concussion - like symptoms after taking a knock to the head in last week ’s 1 - 1 tie against FC Dallas at BMO Field .
Defender Ty Harden also stayed home when the team left Toronto for a two - match road trip on Friday afternoon .
The former LA Galaxy SuperDraft pick is still out with a left calf strain picked up in training on the day before the Carlsberg Cup friendly against Bolton Wanderers .
Fuad Ibrahim is not with the team in Kansas City .
He is away with the United States Under 20s at the Milk Cup in Northern Ireland .
Ibrahim played a key role in the squad as the Americans won all three of their matches at the tournament which ended on Friday .
Toronto FC Academy defender Doneil Henry has travelled with the squad to Kansas City .
Although he cannot play in MLS action , he has been added to the team ’s roster of available players for Tuesday ’s CONCACAF Champions League match in Honduras against Motagua .
Discuss this with Luke on Twitter .
Smells Like Profit : Scents in Stores , on Products , Makes Shoppers Buy More Leather is trustworthy , fruits are sexy .
July 1 , 2010  --
Sony wants to make women feel welcome .
That 's why the electronics giant sprays its stores with a scent made of vanilla , mandarin , bourbon and other secret ingredients .
The scent wafts through the stores all day , diffused by electronic devices scattered in the store .
Gino Biondi , the chief marketing officer for ScentAir , the company that developed the scent for Sony and makes the diffusers , says the smell of vanilla puts women , typically intimidated by electronics , at ease , while the mandarin denotes class .
The bourbon is there for the guys .
" It basically enhances the environment for a first great impression , " says Biondi , whose company serves everyone from Express clothing to Mandalay Bay Resorts .
Retailers , hotels , and even car makers use scents , he says , to evoke certain moods that will make customers happier with the brand .
" It 's very subtle , " he says .
" When it 's done best , it 's not overwhelming , just enough for someone to look around and say , ' It really smells nice . ' "
Sony did not return a request for comment .
It 's well known in marketing circles : Scents can have a powerful effect on consumer behaviour .
After sound , scent is the second most powerful sense , experts say , and the only one of our five that bypasses the rational part of our brain to tap directly into our emotions .
By spraying the right molecules into the air -- into their merchandise , or even onto their letterhead -- companies can make customers feel relaxed , energized , safe , young or sexy .
" Scent is amazingly influential in what we do and how we do things in a purchasing moment , " says Martin Lindstrom , author of " Buyology : The Truth and Lies About Why We Buy . "
Scents are not only very subliminal , triggering emotions in ways you would never expect , but they are also more memorable than other sensory experience .
Scents Influence Consumer Behaviour
In a recent study in the Journal of Consumer Research , scientists at the University of Michigan and Rutgers University found that scents significantly improved consumers ' memory about products .
" When products are scented ( versus not ) , consumers are more likely to remember information about those products , " the study 's co-authors Aradhna Krishna , May Lwin and Maureen Morrin write .
" This occurs even though the product scent is not reintroduced at the time of recall , and even when memory is assessed as much as two weeks after product exposure . "
Scents Complement Design , Lighting , Music
As a result , a growing number of companies are adding scents to their sensory repertoire , along with the lighting , music and design they use to evoke certain moods among shoppers .
Most often , retailers try to evoke relaxation and happiness in their customers , in order to make their shopping experience more pleasant .
Lindstrom says that relaxing aromas such as lavender actually slow down our heartbeat rates and make our perceptions of time slow down , which encourages us to linger in the store longer , increasing our odds of spending money .
Marketing gurus have a stunning array of scents at their disposal .
Some examples , courtesy of Lindstrom :
Vanilla :
Makes you feel childish , young , energetic .
Vanilla provides comfort because it reminds of breastfeeding mothers .
Wood : Reflects earthy , solid , classic values .
" Back to basics and back to nature , " is how Lindstrom describes it .
Fruit : Evokes summer , and makes people feel more open - minded , happy and sexual .
Cigars and leather : Reflect conservative values and make brands seem more trustworthy .
Lindstrom points out that banks and law firms often , sometimes unwittingly , use leather and wood in their interior furnishings , to project a certan solidity .
Car Makers Engineer New Car Smell
Certain industries make a natural fit for scent marketing .
Restaurants and bakeries , as well as fashion companies that use perfumes to evoke certain styles , are well versed in this art .
And we all know about real estate agents who recommend baking cookies before the open house .
Others are less intuititive .
Car makers , for example , have been engineering that " new car smell " for years , to conjure up certain thoughts in buyers ' minds .
" Every major car brand uses scents consistently , " says Lindstrom , who has been a consultant to several large automakers .
He says car smells are so well branded , that a study he conducted showed that consumers can usually identify a brand just by its smell .
ScentAir has also created scents for hotels and casinos that want their guests to feel more comfortable .
The Mandalay Bay in Las Vegas , for example , sprays its space with " Coconut Spice " to complement " the lush vegetation , flowing water and exotic décor . "
A Future of Scents
A range of other companies -- from cell phone carriers to toy makers -- have also tried to take advantage of scent branding , but the strategy has n't completely permeated most industries yet .
Experts say you should not be surprised , however , if in the future your favorite gadget comes with its own trademarked scent .
Camera tossing is a “ not so popular ” photography technique mainly because it takes photography to amazingly new levels .
Normally , photography for everyone is taking the camera in the hands and clicking photographs .
But camera toss technique defies and re-writes these rules .
This is one technique that is not at all for you , if you are a beginner .
I ’m making this clear at the very starting because you may end up breaking your camera if you do not happen to execute this technique well .
So try at your own risk and with extreme care .
Before that , let us have a look on what all we ’ll be creating .
Here are a few examples of what kind of photographs can be produced using the camera toss technique .
[ ad1 ]
Basic Instructions
My first instruction for you if you ’re new to photography is to try this technique with utmost care .
If you do n’t know what you ’re doing , you ’ll probably end up with a broken camera for sure .
Apart from that , do not use any expensive DSLR camera for this technique .
A normal and less expensive point and shoot will work very well .
Doing The Settings
Having a light source is very important .
If you do not have the luxury of a natural light source , light a candle of torch at some distance from your experiment table and make it a light source .
For best results , carry out this experiment in a dark room .
Apart from that , set a slow shutter speed .
This is very important because a slow shutter speed will ensure that all the light will be consumed for the period your camera remains in the air .
Use the self timer of your camera to get best timings and results .
Tossing The Camera
Alright , so now you ’re ready to toss your camera .
Do follow the following instructions very carefully :
Light the light source you have set for yourself .
Set a slow shutter speed setting .
Use a self timer of 1 or 2 seconds .
Make your camera face the light source directly .
Now toss your camera by running the timer .
( Do not take it higher than 20 to 40 cm in air ) .
Very carefully , catch the camera back after you ’ve followed all the above instructions .
If you ’ve done everything right , you will have amazing looking photographs in your hands right now .
If you do n’t , either you have to tweak your shutter settings or need to set your camera timer right .
Also try to adjust and experiment with different light sources for best results .
Important Things To Remember
You have the power to manipulate the speed at which your camera rotates in the air .
This thing has a huge effect on the quality and type of photographs produced in same environment .
Try to experiment tossing your camera at different speeds .
Exposure is another thing that defines how your photographs will look .
Shutter Speed takes care of for how long will your camera sensor respond to light .
Experiment with different shutter speeds for better results .
Safety is of utmost importance in the Camera Toss photography technique .
One wrong move , and you ’ll end up with a dead camera .
So , it ’s recommended that you perform this experiment on a low level ( near to the ground ) .
Most importantly , have fun !
We have learned from the 4th - century sacking of the Alexandrian Library or the mysterious demise of the Maya that knowledge can be inadvertently lost to all time through chaos and battle .
But can knowledge be lost on purpose ?
That , in a nutshell , is the zero - nukes conundrum .
Can Albert Einstein ’s genie ever be put back in the bottle ?
Unless it can , there is no guarantee that absolute zero nuclear weapons , as President Obama has proposed , can ever provide absolute security .
Indeed , the illusion that knowledge can be disinvented may make the world a more dangerous place .
Recently , I sat down with some of the key American nuclear strategists of the cold war period for a discussion on background about the promises and perils of the first serious attempt since the bombing of Hiroshima and Nagasaki to walk humanity back as far from the nuclear brink as possible .
These wise men were far more sober than giddy about the prospects for peace in a non-nuclear world .
In his famous speech in Prague in August , 2009 , President Obama called for a return to the “ peace and security of a world without nuclear weapons . ”
Yet , as the strategists point out , two devastating world wars preceded the first use of nuclear weapons .
Since then – for over 60 years – we have seen no such wars between major powers on a global scale .
Though history never reveals its alternatives , it certainly appears as if deterrence has so far worked in preventing a world - scale conflagration .
This is true even though nuclear weapons are not usable for any purpose other than deterrence since the consequence of their use – potential annihilation of civilization as we know it – is incommensurate with any rational objective in fighting a war .
Unfortunately , fear , not trust , is the ultimate mechanism of warding off an enemy .
If the knowledge and technology to produce nuclear weapons exists , who can be certain that pledges to totally eliminate them are made in good faith ?
When it comes to the risk of holocaust , the safest course is to assume the worst , not the best , of a potential enemy .
In short , a world of zero nuclear weapons in which everyone still has the knowledge to make them could be more destabilizing than an arms race in which each tries to overcome the advantage of the other .
Rather than moving toward zero and focusing on numbers , the strategists say , the emphasis should be on reductions of the most destabilizing types of weapons – such as multiple warhead missiles or mobile missiles that are easy to conceal .
That will create more stability , not less .
Certainly , there is plenty of room to radically reduce arsenals , as the new START treaty begins to do , starting with the destabilizing weapons and putting in place controls that prevent unauthorized or accidental launch of a nuclear - armed missile .
As long as a minimal balance remains that ensures the capacity for mutual destruction , deterrence will hold .
The other focus should be on non-nuclear means of deterrence , though that , too , may generate instability if it creates a gap , real or perceived , with the capabilities of rival powers .
The favored child of the Obama Pentagon is the “ Prompt Global Strike ” ( PGS ) weapon – a highly accurate inter-continental ballistic missile armed with a conventional warhead that can hit any target globally within an hour .
The advantages of such a weapon are self - evident – it can strike at the heart of any enemy without annihilating its population or prompting a retaliatory nuclear attack .
As such , its large - scale deployment could radically reduce dependence on nuclear weapons .
At the same time , since its use will not be incommensurate with rational goals , it is far more likely to be used than a nuclear weapon .
And it will be hard to distinguish from an incoming missile that is nuclear - armed .
Further , as the Russians , and no doubt the Chinese , fear , a world of zero nuclear weapons where only the US possesses the PGS is a recipe for American domination of the global battle space .
Inexorably , one day they will catch up with like technology .
A system of deterrence based mainly on conventional weaponry might let us all breathe a little easier , even if nukes remain in the wings .
Unfortunately , it seems apparent that the only way knowledge of nuclear weapons will ever be lost is through a nuclear war that would destroy the civilization that spawned them .
Short of that catastrophic eventuality that no one would hope for , aiming at building a system of stability – instead of dreaming of zero – is the best course .
Nathan Gardels is editor - in- chief of Global Services of Tribune Media Services .
His most recent book , with Hollywood producer Mike Medavoy , is “ American Idol After Iraq : Competing for Hearts and Minds in the Global Media Age . ”
© 2010 Global Viewpoint Network / Tribune Media Services .
Hosted online by The Christian Science Monitor .
--
Related :
Nuclear weapons :
Is full disarmament possible ?
One of my goals in my project was to create a colour selector , which has many features but uses little space .
However it ’s hard to select a colour , if the chooser is small , because 1 . it ’s small and 2 .
a small chooser with view pixels cannot show all colours .
I approached this from two sides : a space efficient and configurable layout , so that the user can select whichever size fits him best and an optional zoom , so that the user can make the widget small and yet simply make the chooser bigger , if he needs it .
Edit2 :
The colour patches below the selectors represent common colours from the image and on the right there will be a history of last used colours ..
So here are some screenshots , on how it looks like currently .
This is a ‘ big ’ layout ,
‘ small ’ and space efficient ,
a popup with a bigger selector ,
and finally a page from the settings window .
Not all of the settings are connected already , the colour selector ( triangle in the images ) is just a dummy and the whole thing is not connected to the painting colour .
But I hope to get some comments on the layouting , maybe some more ideas and so on .
I ’ve just enabled building of this plugin in trunk , if you want to test it , you probably also have to enable this docker in settings menu -> dockers -> Color Selector Ng .
Edit :
This is still work in progress , next steps will be to gather some comments on usability , refine layouting and move on to implement pigment , colour selectors and so on .
It ’s not even half time of GSoC 🙂
Amazing Things Made Out Of Pipe Cleaners
Remember in third grade when you made awesome flowers out of pipe cleaners - you know , the ones your mom was proud of ?
Prepare to have that warm tingly feeling of artistic accomplishment crushed .
Face it , you will never be creative / crazy enough to make pipe cleaner art like this .
shadesong slipjig
I will copy his rules :
Anonymous comments are enabled for the next 48 hours , and IPs are not being logged .
Share something about you sexually : wants , experiences , preferences , fears .
Anything goes , and yes , this applies even if you do n't have a sex life right now .
Confession is good for the soul .
The three disclaimers :
1 ) You may safely assume that the comments to this post contain text of an NC - 17 nature .
Treat accordingly .
2 ) The management reserves the right to cease operation of the confessional at any time .
Drama and abusive language will not be tolerated .
3 ) Feel free to link to this post from your own journal .
The more , the merrier .
Pay close attention to # 2 .
Do n't make me turn this blog around .
Ready set go .
EDIT : Also , I want to make it clear to anyone coming in from elsewhere that this is a kink - friendly and judgment - free space .
The nature of this sort of confessional is that sometimes people will be confessing things that are difficult for them to talk about .
As long as it's all consensual , it 's all okay here .
ran one of these this week ; it 's been a long time since I did it , so here we go .
I will copy his rules :
Pay close attention to # 2 .
Don ' tme turn this blog around .
Ready set go .
EDIT : Also , I want to make it clear to anyone coming in from elsewhere that this is a kink - friendly and judgment - free space .
The nature of this sort of confessional is that sometimes people will be confessing things that are difficult for them to talk about .
As long as it's all consensual , it 's all okay here .
316 stories
tell your story
Link
Share
Flag Page 1 of 8 << [ 1 ] [ 2 ] [ 3 ] [ 4 ] [ 5 ] [ 6 ] [ 7 ] [ 8 ] >>
Leave a Comment to the Entry
Profile User : shadesong Name : Magical Truthsaying Bastard Shadesong Quotes " Books have endings .
Stories do n't . "
~~ Randall
" We write to discover what we believe . "
~~Jonathan Carroll
" ... part of you pours out of me in these lines from time to time . "
~ ~" Case of You " , Joni Mitchell
" There is a crack in everything ; that 's how the light gets in . "
~ ~" Anthem " , Leonard Cohen
" If you wanna be immortal , you gotta have something to trade in . "
~ ~" Anything " , Foetus
" This is the true joy in life , the being used for a purpose recognized by yourself as a mighty one ; the being thoroughly worn out before you are thrown on the scrap heap ; the being a force of Nature instead of a feverish selfish little clod of ailments and grievances complaining that the world will not devote itself to making you happy . "
~~George Bernard Shaw
" The real secret of magic is that the world is made of words , and that if you know the words that the world is made of you can make of it whatever you wish . "
~~Terence McKenna
" When we die , we will turn into songs , and we will hear each other and remember each other . "
~~Rob Sheffield
" I have a sickness in the brain .
I 'm allowed to make no sense to you puny mortals with your fully operational head - meat . "
~~Spider Jerusalem
" Sometimes you crash .
Sometimes , the fall kills you .
And sometimes ... sometimes , you fly . "
~~Neil Gaiman
" Reputation is what other people know about you .
Honor is what you know about yourself . "
~~Lois McMaster Bujold
" Nobody realizes that some people expend tremendous energy merely to be normal . "
~~Albert Camus
" Being able to speak the unspeakable is very powerful .
If we can hear another person express where they get stuck , or lost , or repeat a negative pattern , it builds a bridge . "
~~SARK
" Myths and legends die hard in America . "
~~Hunter S. Thompson
" Do n't undertake a project unless it is manifestly important and nearly impossible . "
~~Edwin Land
" Having faced the fire of your initiation and survived its heat , you can now serve others in a whole new way .
By being a living testimony to life transformed , you carry in your cells a sacred knowledge , and in your mind and heart a sacred fire .
It 's not the fire of youth but the fire of Prometheus , who emerged with the light that would light the world .
It 's a light that you only could have gotten from having faced some version of your personal hell , and now you are inoculated to the fires which rage around us .
Sometimes it is fire that puts out fire , and such is the fire that now burns in you .
This is not the fire of your destruction but of your victory .
It is the fire of the middle years . "
~~Marianne Williamson
" Considering how common illness is , how tremendous the spiritual change it brings , how astonishing , when the lights of health go down , the undiscovered countries that are then disclosed … what ancient and obdurate oaks are uprooted in us by the act of sickness … it becomes strange indeed that illness has not taken its place with love and battle and jealously among the prime themes of literature . "
~~Virginia Woolf
" The Universe puts us in places were we can learn .
They are never easy places , but they are right .
Wherever we are is the right place , at the right time .
The pain that sometimes comes is part of the process of constantly being born . "
" I will tell you a great secret , Captain , perhaps the greatest secret of all time :
The molecules of your body are the same molecules that make up this station , and the nebula outside - that burn inside the stars themselves .
We are star - stuff .
We are the Universe made manifest , trying to figure itself out .
And , as we have both learned , sometimes the Universe requires a change of perspective . "
~~Delenn , Babylon 5 " Light Leak " , by SJ Tucker Swirling stars into my skin
With a leaky stolen pen
Stories end , pull kenning in
Let the light leak in
I finally let the light leak in
I am kenning all I can
She and I , me and my mind ,
Writing hard for the one true thing
That lets you let me in
Beguiling what must to gain the trust
of the minutemen
I am worth investing in
and I never stop spinning .
Kenning yarns out of my skin
With a leaky borrowed pen
Swirling stars and stories in
Will you let the light leak in ?
Links Latest Month December 2017 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 Entry Tags
Author , journalist and public intellectual Christopher Hitchens announced Wednesday that he will undergo treatment for cancer of the esophagus , thereby cutting short his current book tour .
Hitchens made the announcement via a statement posted on Vanity Fair ’s website , a publication for which he regularly contributes .
“ I have been advised by my physician that I must undergo a course of chemotherapy on my esophagus .
This advice seems persuasive to me .
I regret having had to cancel so many engagements at such short notice , ” Hitchens said .
The English - born Hitchens , 61 , was in the middle of a book tour to promote his newly released memoir “ Hitch 22 . ”
Hitchens , a noted enfant terrible in the literary world , is a well - known public figure who appears regularly on TV and has had his work published in a myriad of magazines including The New Statesman , The Atlantic , Vanity Fair , Slate & The Nation .
He also published several books including his recent atheist tome " God is Not Great . "
He is well - known for his prolific consumption of alcohol and cigarettes .
It was reported that the chain - smoking Hitchens gave up smoking cigarettes in 2008 , though a profile piece in the Washington Post earlier this month showed that he was still indulging in the habit .
In 2003 he famously quipped that his daily intake of alcohol was enough " to kill or stun the average mule . "
Hitchens , once a darling of the left , famously underwent an ideological shift in recent years , especially after 9/11 , that saw him support the Iraq war and lose the support of many of his former admirers .
Hitchens became an American citizen in 2007 .
He currently lives in Washington , D.C. , with his wife Carol .
Amazon 's offering a rather sweet deal to students : A free year of Amazon Prime .
That 's a $ 80 value and gives you free two - day shipping among other perks .
Advertisement
All you need to do is head over to the Amazon Student page and sign up using an email address ending in .edu .
That 's it .
Of course , Amazon reserves the right to demand proof that you are still enrolled in a university course , so careful about signing up if you are n't .
[ Amazon via Slick Deals via TechCrunch ]
As the two ladies spotted the cross dresser he ran away .
Later one of the dogs chased after the man ; by the time the women had caught up , the man was having sex with the pet .
History books will often lead you to believe that the world ’s great inventions and discoveries were the work of a single person with a flash of genius , but the reality is rarely that simple .
In most cases , it was only after years of work and input from countless inventors that something was finally created .
Still , there are plenty of instances where the rush to ascribe credit for a particular discovery led to large scale controversy , and it was n’t unusual for these arguments to take on personal and often illegal turns .
Here are ten of the most famous examples :
10 . The Invention of the Intermittent Windshield Wiper
Early windshield wipers had only one speed , and this made them distracting and even dangerous in certain conditions .
The intermittent windshield wiper solved this problem by letting drivers adjust the speed of their wiper blades , allowing for lag time and slower action when driving in light rain .
American inventor Robert Kearns filed a patent for the intermittent wiper in 1964 .
He shopped his new invention around to the “ Big Three ” auto manufacturers , but he had no luck getting them to license it as a product .
A few years later , though , a form of intermittent wiper nearly identical to Kearns ’s prototype began appearing as a standard feature on most of their cars .
Kearns sued Ford for patent infringement in 1978 , and took Chrysler to court four years later .
The companies argued that the intermittent wiper was obvious and had no new components , and therefore did n’t meet the standards of being a novel , patentable invention .
Kearns disagreed , and would eventually spend nearly 15 years and over $ 10 million in legal fees in his fight to be compensated .
Who Deserves the Credit ?
According to the American court system , Kearns deserves the credit for inventing the intermittent wiper .
He settled out of court with Ford for $ 10 million in the early ’90s .
Meanwhile , the Chrysler case became a high profile lawsuit , which Kearns won in 1995 to the tune of $ 30 million in overdue compensation .
Kearns died in 2005 , but his fight with the big auto manufacturers remains one of the most famous patent infringement cases in U.S. history , and his story was even made into a movie called Flash of Genius in 2008 .
9 . The First to the North Pole
Peary at the North Pole
The first person to make a claim on having reached the North Pole was the American adventurer Frederick Albert Cook , who in 1909 said he ’d made the journey with two Inuit companions in April of 1908 .
According to Cook , harsh weather conditions had made a return too dangerous , and he had been forced to spend the winter in the Arctic .
But Cook was able to produce little proof of his accomplishment , and he was immediately regarded by some as a fraud .
Perhaps his harshest critic was the explorer and Naval engineer Robert Peary , who surfaced only five days later with the claim that he had just returned from a successful polar expedition in April of 1909 .
Peary was a master of working the media , and he and his supporters soon began questioning Cook ’s claim .
The argument turned personal after both men sold their expedition stories to rival newspapers , and what followed was muckraking on an epic scale .
Peary and company began researching all of Cook ’s previous accomplishments — including a summit of Mt. McKinley a few years prior — and they even questioned his sanity .
Cook eventually left the country , an act that was seen by many as an admission of guilt , and the National Geographic Society subsequently awarded Peary the credit for being the first to reach the North Pole .
Who Deserves the Credit ?
As it so happens , most of Peary ’s charges against Cook were largely justified .
There is no historical evidence that Cook made it to the Pole , and today most historians have cast his claim aside .
What ’s surprising , though , is that the same can be said of Peary .
Modern researchers have found countless holes in his story — chief among them that his party contained no navigator skilled enough to lead them to the Pole — and all attempted recreations of his journey have found many of his claims about how fast he progressed to be completely baseless .
There have been many other claims since then , but amazingly no one was able to indisputably reach the Pole via an overland route until 1968 , when a group led by Ralph Plaisted made the journey on snow mobiles .
8. The Invention of Calculus
In the early 18th century , calculus was at the center of a years - long controversy that raged between two of the world ’s most famous mathematicians : Isaac Newton and Gottfried Leibniz .
Both men had been experimenting with the new branch of mathematics for much of the late 1600s .
Leibniz was the first to publish an official paper on the subject in 1684 ( Newton would take until 1693 ) , but friends and associates of Newton were quick to point out that Newton ’s notebooks made reference to calculus as far back as 1666 .
Moreover , they argued that Leibniz was privy to Newton ’s early work , and some even accused him of plagiarism .
Leibniz and his supporters argued that his calculus discovery came independently of any of Newton ’s work .
Despite these protests , the majority opinion was always on the side of Newton .
At best , Leibniz was credited with having invented an alternate ( albeit superior , in many ways ) form of notation for Newton ’s discovery .
Who Deserves the Credit ?
A 1713 review by the Royal Society found Newton to be in the right , and he was widely regarded as the inventor of calculus for the next 100 years .
Today , though , it is widely believed that both men contributed different pieces of the puzzle independently of one another .
Newton is regarded as the founder of infinitesimal calculus , while Leibniz is considered the father of integral and differential calculus .
7 . The Discovery of Neptune
The planet Neptune was first observed in the early seventeenth century by Galileo , who hypothesized that it might be a star .
But it was not until the 1800s that a serious search for it began , after scientists noticed that Uranus ’s orbit seemed to be affected by an outside gravitational force .
The British mathematician John Couch Adams was the first to hypothesize that this object might be a new planet , and in 1843 he made the first calculations of its possible orbit and size .
A couple years later , the French astronomer Urbain Le Verrier undertook the same investigation independently of Adams and came up with similar calculations .
Both men had trouble getting their colleagues interested in the search , so Le Verrier wrote a letter to an observatory in Berlin asking them to use their telescope to search the skies for his hypothetical planet .
Le Verrier ’s letter arrived on September 23 , 1846 , and using his calculations , a student at the observatory discovered Neptune that very same night .
Almost immediately , there was a controversy over who — Adams or Le Verrier — could claim the discovery as his own .
The rivalry eventually took on nationalistic overtones , with both the French and the British claiming their scientist was responsible for finding Neptune .
Who Deserves the Credit ?
After some squabbling between rival groups , it was decided that Adams and Le Verrier would share the credit for discovering Neptune .
But despite this consensus , all evidence points to Le Verrier as the more deserving of the two .
Not only did he encourage the search that found the planet , but it was also his calculations that made it possible , as they were within one degree of the planet ’s actual location .
Adams , meanwhile , was as many as 12 degrees off course .
6 . The Invention of the Movie Camera
Who invented a particular technology often varies depending on where you are in the world , and the movie camera is a perfect example .
In the U.S. , as with many inventions , the credit has always gone to Thomas Edison , who first made moving pictures in the early 1890s .
In the U.K. , the honor goes to William Friese - Greene , who issued one of the earliest camera patents in 1889 .
In France , the fathers of the cinema are considered to be Louis and Auguste Lumiere , who invented the cinematographe and first began shooting and exhibiting films in 1895 .
Looming over them all is Louis Le Prince , a largely forgotten Frenchman who designed a motion picture camera and projection system in 1888 before disappearing without a trace .
Just who deserves the most credit among these inventors has always been a subject of contention .
Patent controversies abound , especially in the case of Le Prince , who was denied a patent on a single lens camera in the U.S. , only for Edison to be given a remarkably similar patent a few years later .
In addition , there is still a debate about what really constitutes a “ moving picture camera . ”
Modern movies run at 24 frames per second , but most of these proto - films were lucky to achieve a rate half that fast .
This has frequently been a source of criticism against Friese - Greene , whose camera only ran at ten frames per second , which is such a low rate that some have argued it does n’t even qualify .
Who Deserves the Credit ?
Louis Le Prince ’s mysterious disappearance meant that he was n’t able to exhibit his invention as much as the others , so he never built the same reputation as people like Edison or the Lumieres .
Still , as more information is uncovered , it seems that film historians are continually moving towards Le Prince as the true inventor of the film camera .
His patent from 1888 was the first of all these inventors .
Meanwhile , the world ’s oldest surviving film , the two - second Roundhay Garden Scene , was shot with his camera .
There ’s little doubt that the other inventors deserve some credit , especially the brothers Lumiere , who were pioneers in perfecting modern film projection systems .
But when talking about who really invented the first film camera , the evidence points to Louis Le Prince .
5 . The Invention of Radio
There were a number of scientists who played crucial roles in the race to first transmit and receive radio signals , but the main invention controversy has always centered on the famed Serbian - Croatian inventor Nikola Tesla and the Italian Guglielmo Marconi .
As early as 1891 , Tesla was giving speeches on the possible practical uses of radio waves in mass communication , and he was even said to have demonstrated a wireless system in 1893 .
But Tesla , always hampered by a poor business sense , failed to capitalize on radio as a marketable tool , and though he claimed to have made 50 - mile radio transmissions as early as 1895 , none were ever verified .
Marconi , meanwhile , applied for a patent on a radio system as early as 1896 .
In 1897 , he formed his own wireless company and became the first man to commercialize radio .
He was also the first to make a transatlantic radio transmission in 1901 , though this claim has been disputed .
What ’s more , Marconi is believed to have based most of his radio designs on ideas that had already been widely described by Tesla and another inventor named Oliver Lodge .
Tesla was the first of the two to receive a patent for his radio transmitter , but this was later overturned in a controversial decision and given to Marconi .
Over 40 years later , this decision was itself overturned by the U.S. Supreme Court after countless legal challenges .
Tesla had died only months earlier .
Who Deserves the Credit ?
To give sole credit to either of these men is a grand generalization , but of the two , Tesla certainly seems the more important figure .
There ’s no argument that Marconi was the more business savvy of the two inventors , and his practical implementation of radio definitely makes him a major player in its creation .
But it was Tesla who was most responsible for the ideas and the technical expertise that truly made radio transmission possible , and if anyone deserves the title of “ the father of radio , ” it ’s him .
4. The First Flying Machine
Sometimes the controversy is n’t just over who invented a certain technology , but over what it was they invented .
Such is the case with the so - called “ first flying machine , ” the exact definition of which has never been agreed upon .
Some would charge that any craft that got airborne should be considered a flying machine , including hot air balloons and airships .
On this basis , the true father of flight would be Jean - Francois Pilatre de Rozier , who became the first person to make a manned balloon flight in 1783 .
Others argue that a true flying machine must be heavier than air , which would disqualify balloons .
By these terms , the honor would probably go to England ’s George Cayley , who first flew a glider in 1853 .
Still , the most common definition of an actual flying machine is any manned aircraft that is powered and controlled by onboard mechanics , in which case Orville and Wilbur Wright are usually given the credit for their 1903 flight in North Carolina .
But even then there is room for debate .
Germany ’s Karl Jatho and Gustave Whitehead and New Zealand ’s Richard Pearse each made their own manned flights in the early 1900s , all before the Wright brothers .
Who Deserves the Credit ?
According to the modern definition of a “ flying machine , ” it would seem that the Wright brothers are correctly considered to be flight ’s true pioneers .
They might not have been “ first in flight , ” as North Carolina license plates like to proclaim , but they did perfect a lot of the technology that is still used in aviation today .
What ultimately sets them apart from the others is how controlled and prolonged their flights were .
Richard Pearse got airborne before the Wright Brothers , but his plane crashed into a hedge .
Meanwhile , Jatho ’s plane only got ten feet off the ground , and Whitehead ’s claims , while interesting , are largely unsubstantiated .
If anyone deserves to share some of the honor with the Wrights it is the British glider pilot Cayley , who discovered many key aviation forces like drag and thrust , and who has often been called the unsung “ father of aviation . ”
3 . The Discovery of HIV
French scientist Luc Montagnier and Robert Gallo
In the early ‘ 80s , AIDS was already recognized as a serious epidemic , and research teams were soon formed to try and isolate the particular virus that caused it .
Of these , two groups — one led by the French scientist Luc Montagnier and the other by the American Robert Gallo — nearly simultaneously published papers in 1983 - 4 describing the virus we now know as HIV .
A controversy soon erupted in the scientific community over which group had more of a claim to the discovery .
Montagnier ’s group had published first , but Gallo ’s description was more detailed and specifically linked the virus to AIDS .
The fervor over ownership of the discovery centered on more than just prestige , since the country responsible would be able to claim the patent for an AIDS test .
Soon , both the French and American governments were involved in what was often a bitter dispute .
There were even cries of foul play , as Gallo and company were charged and later cleared of having “ misappropriated ” a sample of the virus they received from Montagnier ’s institute .
Who Deserves the Credit ?
Today , it ’s widely agreed that both parties made major contributions to the discovery of HIV .
Montagnier ’s group published first , and as such they are commonly regarded as having first isolated the virus , but Gallo is credited with developing a great deal of the research and technology that linked it to AIDS .
The two scientists themselves are now on amicable terms , and they ’ve frequently worked together over the years .
Still , this has n’t stopped awards committees from picking favorites : in 2008 , only Montagnier was awarded the Nobel Prize for his work in the discovery of HIV , an honor which even he noted should have been shared with Gallo .
2. The Invention of the Light Bulb
America ’s Thomas Edison is popularly regarded as the pioneer of the incandescent light bulb , but the list of other possible contenders is long and goes back more than 70 years before his 1879 patent .
The British inventor Humphry Davy is said to have created a crude electric light in 1802 , and by 1840 inventors like Warren De la Rue were already using vacuum tubes and experimenting with different types of filaments .
Just who of these early pioneers deserves to be called the father of the light bulb has always been hard to say .
From 1840 - 1880 , patents were filed for a number of different prototypes .
Of these the most famous undoubtedly belong to Edison and England ’s Joseph Wilson Swann , who first began researching the light bulb in the 1870s .
Swann caused in stir in 1878 , after his light bulb prototype was demonstrated in Newcastle , and he holds the honor of owning the first house to ever be illuminated with electric lights .
Edison , meanwhile , did n’t even begin to address the issue of inventing a light bulb until 1878 , but when he did , he had soon made major breakthroughs .
Chief among them was his discovery of a longer lasting filament , first made from carbon and later from carbonized bamboo .
It was only then that light bulbs went from lasting mere hours to days and even months .
Who Deserves the Credit ?
Edison ’s discoveries undoubtedly led to more modern and efficient light bulbs , but to list him as their sole inventor is a vast overstatement .
Even his own patents describe his invention as merely an “ improvement in electric lights . ”
His was the first reliable light bulb , but when talking about who invented the first light bulb , the credit must go to England ’s Warren de la Rue , who was the first to run electricity through filament in a vacuum sealed tube , a feat he accomplished some 38 years before Edison in 1840 .
1. The Invention of the Telephone
Your elementary school teacher might have told you that Alexander Graham Bell invented the telephone in 1876 , but the true story is much more complicated , and stands as the most famous of all these controversies .
There are a number of inventors involved in the mix , among them the Italian Innocenzo Manzetti , who some say might have built a prototype phone in the 1860s , and Johann Philipp Reis , who made an early microphone that could transmit sound called the “ Reis Telephone ” in 1861 .
But the main competition has always been between Scotland ’s Bell , an Italian inventor named Antonio Meucci , and the American Elisha Gray .
Meucci invented a communication device in the 1850s , and his 1871 patent is one of the earliest for any kind of voice transmitter .
The real controversy , though , has always been between Bell and Gray , both of whom filed patents for a telephone on the exact same day in 1876 .
Critics of Bell often cast him as a shrewd businessman ( which he undoubtedly was ) who stole several of Gray ’s ideas , and it has even been argued that Bell bribed a patent office employee and added in several key parts to his inventions days after he first filed it .
These claims were partly vindicated in the 1880s , when a patent officer testified in court that Bell had paid him in order to look at Gray ’s plans .
Who Deserves the Credit ?
Today , popular opinion on who really invented the telephone depends on where and who you ask .
In the U.S. , it ’s either Gray or Bell ; in Italy , it ’s Meucci .
The controversy eventually led to lawsuits , and it was still being argued as recently as 2002 , when the United States House of Representatives passed a resolution recognizing the contributions of Meucci in the invention of the telephone — a resolution which was countered only days later when the Canadian government officially recognized Bell .
In the end , this is yet another case where several inventors deserve partial credit .
Bell was the savvy businessman who was able to perfect and market what would become a world - changing invention , but there ’s little doubt that Gray and Meucci both deserve to be recognized with him as the real inventors of the telephone .
Kozar Cool Blog
BRIGHTON , England , June 4 ( UPI ) --
A study of 313 cancer patients found the chances of developing thyroid cancer rose with repeated exposure to dental X - rays , British scientists said .
The results suggest dental X - rays should only be prescribed for a specific clinical need , rather than as part of a routine checkup , said the study 's lead author , Dr. Anjum Memon of the Brighton and Sussex Medical School .
Advertisement
The thyroid gland , located in the neck , is sensitive to ionizing radiation , especially in children , Memon and his team said .
The findings of the study were consistent with previous reports of increased risk of thyroid cancer in dentists , dental assistants and X - ray workers , The Daily Telegraph reported Friday .
Dental X - rays also have been linked with an increased risk of brain and salivary gland tumors .
" The public health and clinical implications of these findings are particularly relevant in the light of increases in the incidence of thyroid cancer in many countries over the past 30 years , " Memon said .
I recently started replaying Fallout 3 but this time with the addition of a few truly excellent modifications .
I wo n’t got much into this other than to say that Fallout 3 seems to be 100 % better when modded but the main thing that struck me as I was going through the quests is how unfulfilling the moral choices and the relevant moral system is .
It ’s nothing more than a Good / Evil scale which seems to telepathically travel around the world making everyone have similar reaction to your character .
I ca n’t help but be disappointed by it , especially for a game which for some reason has been praised for its wealth of moral options .
I guess this is to a large extent due to its open nature and the number of side - quests to take which generally devolves to helping some person for free , helping some person for a reward , or killing them and taking their stuff .
Much of this is caused of course by the limitations imposed by full voice acting but that does n’t change the fact that one feels severely restricted .
Fallout does better than most still , you often have a choice on how to help them and so on , but then the arbitrary karma rewards / punishments come around and travel telepathically around the world which really takes away from the immersion .
Fortunately I have a mod which can hide the Karma messages but I ca n’t escape their effects which makes it very weird when a village I ’ve saved from certain doom starts being hostile to me because I murdered a tribe of cannibals and took their stuff , on the other side of the world .
The only way I ’ve figured I can immerse myself in such a game is to decide before hand what my alignment will be in terms of a few ambiguous moral rules and stick to them , come what may .
For example in the current iteration for example , I ’m trying to play a “ the needs of the many overweight the rights of the few ” kind of character , who is also extremely xenophobic in terms of “ weirdos ” ( i.e. all that are not “ proper ” humans ) and see where that gets me .
This leads me to be very nice and fuzzy to humans but extremely callous and downright evil to everyone else .
Karma ca n’t represent this in any meaningful way and thus I end up stuck in the middle as “ neutral citizen ” , while my relations to most people , human or not , are generally cold .
This only is interesting because I keep the experiences of my character in my own imagination as the game does not provide me with any real effect from my actions and even then , the game insists on making things difficult .
For example , in the scenario with the Cannibals Raiders above , I managed to let me talk to their leader at some point but there was no possible combination of dialogue to make them hostile to me once they became friendly .
Sure , I could choose between 3 different options to resolve the quest I was in peacefully ( all pretty much similar ) , but none of them fit the personality I ’d chosen for my character :
The fact that I do not deal with freaks and especially cannibals .
There was n’t even a dialogue choice I could choose to tell them that I was about to wipe them from the face of the earth .
I could only proceed to an unprovoked attack which more so ended up triggering a game bug making me fail my quest if I did n’t do it right .
So I started thinking how this could possibly be improved in some significant way so as to capture the more complex effects of my morality .
I had a few ideas but then I found this video online and I noticed that it had expressed a part of my thoughts very concisely .
So obviously the concept of factions would go a long way to make the moral system more realistic .
Just imagine if one faction asked you to perform a quest which went against the interests of another faction who , when you ended up causing them enough trouble , would mark you as KOS or something .
Or if one faction improved their impression of you after word that you wiped out their enemies spread around .
Fallout 2 in fact had this , where the reputation system kept track of how each settlement viewed you but in this third iteration , they decided to dumb down the game to the simple good / evil dichotomy .
But further than factions , I ’m thinking that games are truly the artistic means where it ’s the best way to explore moral issues .
Books and movies can only give you a perspective but it ’s limited by the ideas of the author and how much one can identify with the characters .
However RPGs are made for identifying with the main characters and the freedom to explore paths we would n’t normally experience or choose allows for some really interesting thoughts .
Imagine for example , if instead of one Good vs Evil scale , we had more than one , not necessarily as a graph like the video above suggest , but rather as separate counters which moved to either side depending on your actions in the world .
Lets imagine for example a gender equality scale where a new character starts in the middle .
Depending on the character ’s interaction with males or females of the world ( i.e. you should get on occasion phrases which allowed you to marginalize particular genders , such as dismissing the opinion of a female or something ) this counter would move in either direction .
Now lets say that you have started acting like a misogynist .
Initially you would have a few dialogue options which would allow you to move your scale to ther misogynist side of the scale .
As you started to move towards it , more and more of your dialogue options would involve being outright sexist , until for example , you would n’t be able to refer to females without calling them “ chicks ” or “ bitches ” , even to their face .
Now obviously this should create friction in the interaction with the women of the world and even a lot of the males through their dialogue , making for example feminist storekeepers have higher prices , women companions desert you and so on .
On the other hand , you could make it so that the player who reaches the far ends of misogyny be eligible for special perks ( like the one which is already in the game giving extra damage vs females ) , special quests and so on .
The fact that the initial steps one made into misogyny ( i.e. the dialogue options one selected ) might not be obvious and yet eventually the player discovers him / herself having progressed towards it might be an interesting result for people who have not even considered how their words and behaviour can be perceived .
Not only does this make an interestnig role playing experience , but it might provide people with a new perspective .
Likewise , someone staying in the middle of the scale , at equality , could also be eligible for a perk and might get positive reactions from similarly minded people or factions or negative reactions from sexists .
Other similar scales could easily explore stuff such as racism ( even if that is limited to the fantasy races of the game like Super Mutants and Ghouls ) freedom of personal choice , mutual aid , respect for property , charity and so on .
Therefore , you would not have good or evil characters but you could have a more detailed map of a personality which would be really tough to claim as simply good or evil .
For example .
how would you label a person who is really strong in standing by and protecting his people but does not respect those who do not follow traditional values or are not human ?
How about the one who respects the individuality of everyone but sees all interactions with others through monetary exchanges ?
How about the one who believes that might makes right and that the more powerful deserve to rule but that one should always protect those who cannot protect themselves ?
Most people would probably find a mix of good and bad aspects in each of these examples and the good about an RPG is that it allows you to Role Play such a character and see the world through their eyes .
Sure , this is nonetheless limited by the developer ’s creativity and possibly impossible to properly represent in the dialogue of a full - voice acted game but even so , you can still go at least halfway through a faction system plus specialised abilities and quests in case someone reaches an extreme moral value .
I hope we ’ll see something like this in the future or even better , perhaps this is something that could be modded into the already existing games .
Certainly when one can implement a scale for good and evil , one can also implement 3 scales for the moral values they ’d like to explore in their game .
One could even go for more , but as the video above mentioned , sometimes exploring only a particular moral value can be far deeper than a shallow good vs evil concept which cheapens the morality of the game rather than enrich it .
Spread the love : Email
Reddit
More
Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Tumblr
SPIEGEL Interview with Craig Venter ' We Have Learned Nothing from the Genome '
In a SPIEGEL interview , genetic scientist Craig Venter discusses the 10 years he spent sequencing the human genome , why we have learned so little from it a decade on and the potential for mass production of artificial life forms that could be used to produce fuels and other resources .
This archived news story is available only for your personal , non-commercial use .
Information in the story may be outdated or superseded by additional information .
Reading or replaying the story in its archived form does not constitute a republication of the story .
EVANSTON , Wyo. --
Wyoming residents are upset with how Utah Highway Patrol conducted its Fourth of July fireworks sting .
" They 're out of line .
They got no business doing it , and we 're going to stop it , " says Wyoming resident Don Dunbar .
Their job ends at the border .
They have no legal authority up here .
They 're interfering with business .
– Don Dunbar , Wyo. resident
Dunbar is n't alone in his belief .
Some Evanston business owners say they also have a problem with tactics used by Utah troopers to bust customers bringing fireworks in to Utah .
UHP , however , says its operation was lawful and that troopers just want to protect Utah residents .
" We feel it 's important to enforce the laws in Utah , " says UHP spokesman Brian Hyer .
A part of UHP 's operation is placing undercover officers in unmarked cars near the fireworks stores .
They look for Utahns coming into Evanston only to purchase fireworks and alcohol .
Then they 'll write down license plates and car descriptions and call troopers who are waiting just across the state line .
" This is not the first year this has happened , and it obviously wo n't be the last , " says Evanston Mayor William Davis .
A part of UHP 's operation is placing undercover officers near the fireworks stores , who write down license plates and car descriptions for fellow troopers waiting just across the state line .
Davis says he 's tried to talk to UHP several times in the past .
He says most residents and businesses have a problem with the undercover tactics troopers are using to enforce laws .
" It 's really disturbing to our merchants for this to happen , " Davis says .
" They do n't like to think that the cops are spying on them , and obviously they 're looking out for their pocket books because they fear that it will hurt the bottom line . "
" Their job ends at the border , " Dunbar says .
" They have no legal authority up here .
They 're interfering with business . "
Off camera , a Pyrocity manager claims to have lost out on $ 20,000 because of this sting -- nearly half of last year 's sales .
UHP says its not trying to negatively impact business ; troopers are just doing their jobs .
" All of the enforcement took place in Utah , " Hyer says .
" [ We do it ] to protect the people here -- the visitors , the residents -- and to make sure people are safe as best we can . "
Hyer says UHP has consulted with Evanston police , along with other agencies , to make sure everyone was on the same page .
He says the agency is willing to hear out Evanston 's concerns , but its No. 1 priority is enforcing Utah law .
E-mail : ngonzales@ksl.com
×
Related Stories
NEW YORK — Back in November 2001 , just a week after Kabul fell to the U.S. - led invasion forces in Afghanistan and just as the city of Kunduz began to capitulate , the air filled with the steady drone of C - 130 transport aircraft landing at the dusty airstrip .
The planes , American - built but flown by the Pakistani Air Force , ostensibly arrived to pick up a few dozen diplomats and their families ahead of the final onslaught on the city .
In fact , the transports were stuffed full of agents of Pakistan ’s Inter - Services Intelligence ( ISI ) , along with as many as 4,000 Taliban leaders and foot - soldiers .
It was an outrage I wrote about at the time , but amid the rubble of 9/11 , most people shrugged it off .
Now , in the wake of this week ’s revelations about the extent of continued ISI contacts with the Taliban , you have to wonder how many of those who flew out of Kunduz courtesy of the ISI ( and with the tacit permission of the George W. Bush administration , since we controlled the skies ) have filtered back to kill American soldiers .
The leaking of a small library of classified documents on the Afghan War should put an end to this lie once and for all .
Among the revelations found in the documents is that ISI agents meet regularly with Afghan Taliban commanders to help plot attacks and assassinations of selected Afghan officials .
Not all of this may be true , of course — if the last decade has taught us anything it ’s that intelligence is rarely all that intelligent .
But the fact that Washington tried hard to prevent this information from coming to light speaks volumes , as does the fact the writers of these leaked reports clearly understand that a debate rages within U.S. and NATO circles about how best to confront Pakistan ’s duplicity .
A cable filed about a Taliban meeting at which plans for an attack on NATO troops was discussed , noted the fact that Hamid Gul , the highly visible former ISI director , was in attendance .
A comment inserted into the field report warned against undue assumptions .
" Hamid Gul was director general of ISI from 1989 - 1989 and , according to ISI , has not been an official with ISI since that time .
It was not known whether Hamid Gul was acting with the knowledge or consent of ISI , or whether any portions of ISI were aware of his activities , " a section of the report read .
Substitute , say , “ George Tenet ” for “ Hamid Gul ” and ask yourself whether the CIA would have known he was there .
Another hint : Several of the cables end with this ominous note : “ This information MUST NOT be disseminated to the GoA ” — the government of Afghanistan , or other ostensible “ allies . ”
Deeply ensconced in Afghanistan ever since the anti-Soviet guerrilla war of the late 1970s , Pakistan ’s ISI cultivated , trained and armed the Taliban , helping it oust Afghanistan ’s post - jihadist government and , ultimately , to ensure the maniacally fundamentalist faction it backed held sway over most of the country .
Its expertise was honed by CIA agents during the anti-Soviet jihad and fueled by Saudi money ( and , inevitably , Saudi Wahhabist ideology , too ) .
When the United States wrote Afghanistan off following the Soviet withdrawal , the Pakistanis took a longer - term view .
They live next door , after all , and live on a constant and paranoid war footing against their historic rival , India .
Ties forged on the battlefields of the 1970s turned to lasting relationships , and those ties remain to this day – publicly denied by Pakistan , of course , but no one who has been in the region for any period of time can fail to appreciate the extent to which Pakistan values its “ sources ” to the north .
The United States , which decided in 2001 it could not win in Afghanistan without Pakistan ’s help , has willfully disregarded this relationship — and the terrible price our own troops have paid as a result — all these years .
The ISI , indisputably , has received billions of dollars from the $ 9 billion sent to Pakistan since Sept. 11 .
When the Obama administration took office , new rules took effect that prevent some of the worst abuses — for instance , the redirecting of that aid to buy weapons meant for a war with India rather than the insurgency in northern Pakistan .
Still , as part of his own commitment to win in Afghanistan , Obama also approved $ 7.5 billion more to be distributed by 2014 .
And to anyone who thinks Congress ’ demands for a transparent accounting of how it ’s spent will be met , I have a bridge to sell you .
The ISI , like some elements of Pakistan ’s military and important factions of Pakistani society more generally , view the establishment of a relatively modern , pro-Western Afghanistan as a strategic threat .
To Pakistan , Afghanistan provides “ strategic depth ” against the possibility of war with India — a mountainous hinterland to retreat to in case the deluge of India ’s military ever strikes — like Hitler ’s fanciful “ Bavarian redoubt ” in the final days of World War II .
In fact , Pakistanis and Indians fight regularly in Afghanistan via the two intelligence agencies — the ISI and India ’s External Intelligence Agency — which run operations against each other and spread money and weaponry around to win allies .
India , which accused the ISI of training the terrorists who struck in Mumbai in 2008 , also believe ISI operatives aided two deadly attacks on its Kabul embassy in recent years .
Allegations over the years that the ISI also aided and abetted al - Qaeda still look thin , but certainly Pakistan did nothing to pressure the Taliban to bring Osama bin Laden to account after the murderous attacks in Kenya and Tanzania in 1998 , nor when the USS Cole was nearly sunk in Yemen two years later .
The Bush administration used the usual Washington bullshit to obscure what had happened .
Only a month and a half earlier — in late September 2001 — the United States had informed Pakistan that it had either cooperate in the war of vengeance against Al Qaeda about to begin , or face the consequences of the United States turning to its ally India , who had quickly offered its territory in support after the 9/11 attacks .
That Indian offer looked like a tactic to military planners at the time —
India is notably prickly about doing anything to prolong the influence of western powers in its backyard .
In any case , running a war in Afghanistan from Indian territory probably was n’t feasible .
Yet the extent of the compromises American policymakers have had to make to run one with the tacit assistance of Pakistan now loom very large indeed .
Pakistan ’s inability to control its own territory and prevent it from being used as a safe haven was challenge enough .
There can be little doubt now that the Pakistani intelligence service has actively conspired to defeat the U.S. - led campaign in Afghanistan .
The extent to which Washington has gone to help abet the myth of Pakistani commitment to a new , stable Afghan order looks a lot like self - delusion .
burwenaudio.com
Dick Burwen 's 20,000 Watt Home Hi-Fi System with AUDIO SPLENDOR
Three of five speaker horns shown
Dick Burwen 's other hobby was photography .
Click to save and print a 5 megapixel version of his Sound Studio shown above or click on
the photo .
The photo will open in low resolution .
When you use File , Save
As to a folder of your choice , you will receive the high resolution photo .
Then you can
view it and print it in a photo editor such as Microsoft Photo Editor or Photoshop .
Click on Back to return here .
Print or read Dick Burwen 's article " 20,000 Watt Home Hi-Fi Gets Digital EQ " * from Audio , April 1995 describing the two - channel
predecessor of AUDIO SPLENDOR .
Print or read his article " 20,000 Watt Home Hi-Fi System " from Audio , April 1976 .
* Theses files are in Adobe .pdf format
If you do not have the Adobe Reader installed , you can download it for free from Adobe .
Dick Burwen's Sound System
Dick started designing the equipment for his current sound system in 1962 and in 2018 it was finiished .
His " preamplifier " occupies 3-1/
2
racks 7 feet high at the back of his sound studio .
In 2009 he disconnected some of the analog tone control units , still in excellent working condition ,
because they were obsoleted by his new computer digital signal processing system .
The small discrete component operational amplifier cubes in the
grey panels at the bottom became the basis of Analog Devices ' first products in 1966 .
The first unit designed was an automatic lighting controller that responds to the music .
Mounted in a half - rack outside the left edge of this photo , It
delivers up to 20 A at 115 V AC on each of 4 channels .
It has been in use 70 hours per week since 1966 .
Bass is red , middles are green , and highs are
yellow .
The control circuit boards were redesigned for improved performance in 1982 , but the silicon controlled rectifier power stage is the same as it
was in 1962 .
Each speaker horn has a conical flare and is 13 feet deep .
The mouth of each front horn is 8 feet x 8 feet .
At the throat , a JBL mid-range exponential
horn with a pair of 2440 compression drivers delivers sound between 400 Hz and 6 kHz .
An array of 30 Cerwin - Vega tweeters reproduces sound from 6
k Hz to 20 kHz .
Behind the mid-range horn are two 16 - inch Empire woofers covering 15 Hz to 400 Hz .
The left front and right front horns each have two
24 - inch Cerwin - Vega sub - woofers for frequencies below 50 Hz .
The active crossover network equalizes the speakers .
Dick spent a year tweaking its frequency response so that a recording of his son , Russell ,
playing drums in the front center horn , became difficult to distinguish from the real drums .
Below is the crossover frequency response .
Looking down on Dick Burwen 's Sound Studio built in 1965 - 1966 , the plan has not changed .
He designed it for 5 channels at that time and
built his home around it .
The left rear speaker horn contains a Lowry organ , now used as a sound diffuser , and the right rear horn holds
a 125 year - old Steinway B piano .
At the listening sofa the rear speakers deliver reflected sound .
At top are recording mixers for 52 inputs .
Bottom playback tone control units
are now replaced by 3 powerful laptop computers ( 1 shown ) and MOTU audio
interfaces ( 2 shown ) .
For 28 years 17 Phase Linear 400 stereo power amplifiers drove the 5 speaker arrays .
Together with the 4 - way electronic crossover networks ,
they could produce the same sound level as a single 20,000 watt amplifier .
Dick modified these amplifiers for improved frequency response , gain
accuracy , and low - frequency power capability .
Eventually their power transistors wore out due to thermal fatigue .
It would have been OK if the
amplifiers simply failed and some power transistors could be replaced .
Instead they became intermittent producing a loud pop from the speaker perhaps
once a month and later more often .
It became too difficult to determine which transistors were failing and in 2004 all 17 units ( 34 channels ) were
replaced by QSC SRA 1222 dual 200 watt power amplifiers .
Details of the system with Phase Linear amplifiers can be found in the two technical articles
that appeared in Audio magazine in 1976 and 1995 ..
Digital Processing
4 - Way Active Crossover Frequency Response
In the early 1970 's Dicks analog sound system was built as described in the April1976 Audio magazine article linked below .
From a number of attempts
at genuine multi-channel recording using one microphone per channel , Dick confirmed that 5 - channels made the sound very musical in addition to nicely
filling the room and he had made a good decision in designing his sound studio for 5 channels .
However , there was a big surprise .
He could get an even
better effect by starting from a 2 - channel recording and processing the signal into 5 channels using microphones , delays , mixing , and equalization .
As a
result his last 40 years of live recordings were made in 2 channels .
Since his earliest experiments in audio Dick realized that frequency response is the most important aspect of sound quality .
His first digital tone control
system used Motorola DSP96002 DSP chips on $ 7500 Ariel DSP - 96 circuit boards plugged into a Gateway tower computer .
He described how it worked
in the April 1995 Audio magazine article linked below .
Adding reverberation required a total of 4 DSP - 96 boards .
To make really good reverberation
Dick wished he had 500 times the processing power .
When Intel Pentium 4 computers became available , that wish came true .
Dick retired from full time circuit design consulting in September 2002 .
That allowed him to spend 60 hours per week into 2010 on his passion -
improving his sound system via digital audio software .
That resulted in his biggest achievement - AUDIO SPLENDO R .
This software provides fine
control of the frequency response and adds unique high frequency reverberation , unlike that produced by any hall or electronics .
For 2 - channel
sources it adds ambiance into the rear channels and also the front channels .
System settings for CD tracks stored as computer files are automatically
recalled when playing each file .
Now Dick is remastering the best of 40 years of his recordings and able to make them sound far better than when they
were recorded .
For movies that have explosions in the rear channels he combines 5 - channel and 2 - channel processing .
AUDIO SPLENDOR software employs 1,400,000 long mathematic equations .
Is the sound system now too old and obsolete ?
No !
At this point in its development Dick is quite happy with its sound .
Many of the panels in Dick's
racks have been working for more than 30 years with very few repairs .
They still perform to today 's standards because Dick squeezed highest
performance from the many hundreds of integrated circuit operational amplifiers , .most of the electronic parts were of military quality , and highly skilled
technicians built them .
There is always something to improve , but often Dick enjoys listening at home more than going out to hear music live .
Dick 's " Preamplifier "
PCGamer.com routinely features Developer Diaries : tales of what goes on behind - the - scenes in the development studios making your favorite games .
This Dev Diary is titled " League of Legends Character Development and the Creation of Xin Zhao ” and was written by Tom Cadwell , Design Director for Riot Games .
This is the world exclusive announcement of the upcoming martial arts hero for League of Legends , Xin Zhao !
Hi , I'm Tom Cadwell , Design Director for Riot Games , creators of the acclaimed free - to - play online game , League of Legends .
My primary responsibility is to oversee the design , balance and implementations of Champions and game modes within League of Legends .
Character design is one area where we feel League of Legends stands above other games in the genre because each Champion has been carefully built to give a unique play experience .
This ranges from their role and ability design , to their art and their back - story .
We sometimes get asked how we go about making characters , so I 'm going to walk you through the Riot Games Champion development process giving you an idea of how we create our characters .
I 'm also going to give you a sneak peek at Xin Zhao , the first Champion to be launched for League of Legends ' Season One .
Developing League of Legends ' Champions takes longer than most people realize .
Part of that is because we release new Champions fairly often–since we operate our game as a service to our Community , we release new patches every two to three weeks that include at least one Champion and several Champion skins ( outfits , armor or new models that you can use to customize your Champions ) –so people assume it only takes a few days or weeks to come up with someone new .
But we actually have a long Champion pipeline that gives us several months lead time .
So let 's take a look at the beginning of the creation process .
Generally , our design and character creation teams brainstorm ideas for Champions and actively solicit creative input from others within Riot Games .
The teams then write - up a short description for each character which includes their personality , main abilities and usually include a couple sketches for inspiration .
The character creation team then reviews this large pool of ideas and chooses only the best ones to move to the next round .
In the case of Xin Zhao , it was Kevin O'Brien , one of our associate designers , that came up with the idea .
A lot of us are fans of Chinese martial arts films , and Kevin took the time to pull some source material together and do a brief write - up .
This write - up contained a lot of background information and some ideas to use as inspiration , and our art team used it as a spring - board to create concept art .
To give you an idea of what our concept art looks like , here 's one of the concepts that the art team put together for Xin Zhao :
Now that we have some artwork to go along with the written descriptions , we pass along the information to a wider group for approval – if people are getting excited about the Champion , we send the concepts back to the designers to create a model .
At the same time , one of the designers , usually whoever is most passionate about the concept , starts to flesh out the Champion 's abilities in more detail , ensuring that they are going to be as balanced as possible .
Xin Zhao's particular abilities are very unique compared to the other Champions in League of Legends :
Three Talon Strike : ( cornerstone ability )
A series of attacks that culminate in a powerful move that inflicts considerable damage to his opponent .
Unnamed ability : Increases his attack speed and causes all of his attacks to cool down his other abilities much faster than they normally would .
Audacious Charge : Quickly charge an opponent and slow them down .
We came up with this design build because we wanted to capture the spirit of the free - moving fighters you might see in martial arts films .
Xin can move freely about the battlefield , drawing power from attacking his enemies , so he can act as an initiator and maybe even as a tank , while still able to deal lots of damage very quickly .
One problem we struggled with was how to make Xin Zhao able to initiate but not be a full tank .
We tried a number of iterations on this , trying out different defensive components to his Audacious Charge and ultimate .
In the end , I think we came up with a really strong build that our players are really going to enjoy .
After the design stage and once there is a playable model , we add the Champion to our internal test server for QA and internal play tests .
This gives us a chance to make notes , tweaks and updates while their animations , sounds , voices and artwork are all finalized .
The more iterations and testing we can get on a Champion , the better it will turn out .
Xin Zhao , like many of our Champions , spent several weeks on the internal test server .
He was a fun Champion to play from the start , but in order to make sure he was balanced and all of his abilities were acting as they were supposed to , we 've made several changes .
His Three Talon Strike ability in particular went through several different iterations before we were happy with the way it was working .
After serious internal testing , the Champions are generally put on the public Test Realm for wider testing .
We have a pretty strong pool of testers that play each Champion and give us detailed feedback before we release them to the public , helping us make final balance and animation changes .
Once these final changes are implemented , Champions are deployed in a patch for all our players to get their hands on .
So what began as a mere idea in a company meeting turned into something as awesome as this :
But wait , there 's more .
Our time with Champion development does n't end with the public deployment .
As I mentioned before , we operate League of Legends as a service , meaning we evaluate user feedback and do extensive testing on the game even after content has gone live .
If needed , the design team continues to make minor adjustments and changes to keep the Champion balanced ( especially as we introduce even more Champions that shift the dynamics of the teams ) .
Therefore , we never consider a Champion truly “ finished ” because we will often come back and revisit them to keep them fresh and relevant .
So there you have it .
The League of Legends Champion creation process .
We 're really proud of our Champions and hope you enjoy playing them as much as we enjoy making them .
You can download the game for free and check out the more than 50 available Champions at www.LeagueofLegends.com.
Xin Zhao will be available at the launch of Season One , which does n't have an announced release date yet , so stay tuned !
About half of the people in a recent survey said the schmaltzy happy endings of chick flicks have ruined their idea of a perfect relationship .
Remember this when you have to weasel out of seeing a shitty Katherine Heigl movie .
Entertainment giant Disney is shedding a mammoth 28 000 jobs as it struggles to attract sufficient numbers of visitors to its theme parks around the world as the pandemic continues to hit it and other businesses .
Around 67 % of the affected workers are part - time , which means the impact may not be as dramatic as the huge staff cuts in the airline industry , for example , where more employees are full - time .
Nevertheless , 28 000 people being cut at a company that has shown consistent growth over nearly two decades is significant .
All are believed to be US jobs
According to a report by global business news broadcaster CNBC , which quotes internal Disney documents , there is no indication yet as to what locations are the worst affected by the layoffs .
But these are all believed to be in the US .
Disney operates big theme parks in Florida and California in the US , and in France , China , Japan and Hong Kong .
The parks in California are not operating at all due to the stringent COVID - 19 restrictions that remain in place in the state .
Florida , the home of Walt Disney World in Orlando , is open but struggling to attract sufficient visitor numbers as infections remain high throughout the state .
Walt Disney World alone employs 77 000 people .
Global parks are currently open
The international parks are all operating , but must content with a range of restrictions that vary according to country .
“ As you can imagine , a decision of this magnitude is not easy , ” Josh D’Amaro , head of parks at Disney , wrote in the memo to employees obtained by CNBC .
“ For the last several months , our management team has worked tirelessly to avoid having to separate anyone from the company .
“ We ’ve cut expenses , suspended capital projects [ and ] furloughed our cast members while still paying benefits , and modified our operations to run as efficiently as possible .
However , we simply cannot responsibly stay fully staffed while operating at such limited capacity . ”
Huge losses as pandemic hits
The division of the Disney business known as Parks , Experiences and Consumer Products is a key part of the organisation and last year contributed nearly 40 % of revenue .
This year , though , it has been a different story as the pandemic has hit home .
Lufthansa cargo plane crashes at Riyadh airport Published duration 27 July 2010
media caption Firefighters in Riyadh attempted to extinguish the burning plane
A Lufthansa cargo plane has crashed at King Khaled International Airport in the Saudi capital , Riyadh , Saudi state television reports .
There were no casualties on the German - owned plane , the kingdom 's civil aviation authority said .
But the plane 's two pilots were being treated in hospital , Lufthansa said in a statement quoted by Reuters .
The Saudi civil aviation authority has been trying to put out a fire on the plane , reports said .
A school in Leicestershire has banned parents from attending its sports days - as it cannot guarantee they have undergone police checks .
A father was asked to leave De Lisle Catholic Science College , in Loughborough , when he went to watch his 12 - year - old son .
In a statement , the school said it did acknowledge what had happened and that it was reviewing its policies .
The county council said parents should have access to school activities .
Policy ' lunacy '
The father , who wants to remain anonymous , said : " I had to go and stand 30 - foot away behind a fence , feeling as though I 'd done something wrong .
" It left me feeling rather upset [ and ] left my son very disappointed .
" The policy I think is lunacy because at the end of the day he is my child and I like to support him as he grows up through various ventures . "
The man said he had rung the school on the morning of the sports day to find out where the event was taking place and at what time .
He then went to the venue , Loughborough University , where he stood at the side of the playing fields watching the children .
A teacher asked him to leave , saying no parents were allowed because they had not been checked by the Criminal Records Bureau .
The man said that as a taxi driver he had been CRB checked , but was still asked to leave .
We certainly do not issue any guidance to say parents should have a CRB check to attend school sports days Leicestershire County Council
The school said in a statement : " We fully appreciate that one parent was upset by our policy regarding the attendance of parents at sports days .
" As standard procedure , all our policies are subject to regular review and are changed to meet the needs of our students .
" We regret that on this occasion one parent was upset and we look to review our policy appropriately . "
A spokesman for Leicestershire County Council : " Parents should have access to school activities .
" We certainly do not issue any guidance to say parents should have a CRB check to attend school sports days .
" The day - to - day running of the school is a matter for the school and its governors , but we are contacting the school to discuss their policy with them . "
There is no evidence to suggest the nutritive sweetener contributes to obesity or that is causes diabetes , said scientists at the GMA .
" Consumers can be reassured that HFCS is just like any other caloric sweetener to be enjoyed in moderation in the context of a health - promoting lifestyle , " ​ said Robert Brackett , chief science officer for the GMA .
In fact , he said the sweetener has numerous positive attributes ranging from " taste , texture and versatility " ​ .
The paper is one in a series of GMA publications designed to approach the science behind the most talked - about food issues among consumers and policymakers .
It includes significant peer - reviewed articles , regulatory considerations , food and beverage applications and market insights .
Responding to misconceptions ​​ HFCS is made from corn and is similar in composition to sucrose ( table sugar ) .
They also contain the same amount of calories - four calories per gram .
The product was first approved by the Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) in 1983 , and that decision was reaffirmed in 1996 .
The report says : " The role of carbohydrates in diet and health , in particular sugars , is not understood well by the public .
Misperceptions abound about HFCS , and are not supported by a well - established body of rigorous nutritional science . " ​
Over the past few years , scientists have suggested that increased consumption of HFCS has contributed to the rise in numbers of overweight and obese people in the US .
The Center for Food , Nutrition and Agriculture Policy ( CFNAP ) at the University of Maryland convened an expert panel to review the scientific evidence that had built up around the issue .
It concluded : " HFCS does not appear to contribute to overweight and obesity any differently than any other energy sources . "
​
​ It added that further research is needed .
While research has shown that sugars do not cause diabetes , there have been many recent studies hypothesizing that HFCS may have a role to play in the development of the disease .
However , the paper disputes this .
Similarly , it says there is limited scientific evidence suggesting added sugars may contribute to colorectal cancer , but not other forms of cancer .
Benefits ​​ HFCS is generally less expensive than other sweeteners on the market .
However , it has often been chosen for positive attributes that extend beyond cost , said the report .
It is said to have a similar sweetness and flavor profile to sucrose , but able to better control microbial growth and crystallization .
HFCS is also considered to help retain texture in canned and baked goods , promote controlled browning in baked goods and breakfast cereals , remain stable in temperature fluctuations and to blend easily with other ingredients .
Additionally , it has a lower freezing point , making frozen beverage concentrates more easy to more , and is more readily fermentable than sucrose in yeast - leavened breads .
This portrayal of sugar as the natural alternative is important in today 's health conscious , greener , market .
However , the FDA has said that it does not consider HFCS to be natural .
The largest user of HFCS is the US soft drink industry , followed by the processed food and baking industries .
According to recent comments made by Simon Bentley , head of research into sugars , sweeteners and starches at business consultancy LMC International , some food and beverage manufacturers may switch from HFCS to sugar as a result of high corn prices , but this is only likely to be the case for relatively small scale users .
​
To access GMA 's science policy paper on High Fructose Corn Syrup visit : http://www.gmabrands.com/publications/SciPol_HFCS_0602.pdf​.
Since I ’m playing ModNation Racers right now , I figured I might as well start posting up some of my custom creations from the game .
ModNation Racers has some of the most advanced editing features I have seen in any game .
What ’s great about it too is how simple it is to jump right into it and create anything your imagination can think of .
For one of my first mods , I decided to create a fan favorite among auto enthusiasts .
What we have here is none other than Top Gear ’s silent star , The Stig .
Now The Stig ca n’t just drive any old car so I created for him a vintage classic race car that most should recognize .
It ’s the Ford GT40 with the classic Gulf livery and colors .
Eventually I ’ll post this to the share station so other can download it if they like it .
This is it again !
We are hereby releasing the last and final iteration of the Left 4 Dead 2 version of I Hate Mountains , and only the Left 4 Dead 2 version .
There is no 1.5 version of the campaign for Left 4 Dead 1 ( it was deemed useless since the last version works correctly ) !
Once again , it took way more time than anticipated ( dude , we ’re way over 9 months late ) , but to be honest , this is just a patched release to try and fix everything that has ever been reported by players over the course of the last months ( or was it years ? ) .
There was a bit of confusion in the last releases ( 1.3 , 1.4 , 1.5 ) but hopefully this should be the real final version .
This way , we wo n’t exit the Left 4 Dead scene with remorses or missed expectations .
This is still the exact same campaign , but with a shinny new coating slightly increasing visual aspect , optimization and gameplay topped with dozens of bug fixes ( especially this nasty one about the score in versus ) .
As far as we ’re concerned , there ’s nothing left to add , remove or fix and we ’re calling it a day with this whole thing !
For help and support concerning this release , please visit :
http://forums.ihatemountains.com
If you ca n’t find help in the forums , you can always try to drop us a word here :
http://www.ihatemountains.com/contact-us/
We hope you enjoyed I Hate Mountains , be it with the Left 4 Dead 1 or the Left 4 Dead 2 version .
Feel free to drop us a word by going on the Contact Us page .
All in all , a warm thank you to all of you , players , testers , helpers , fans and even haters .
You truly made this whole experience a blast for the 3 of us and we ’ll never forget your awesome support and feedback over the years !
Best regards ,
— The I Hate Mountains Team :
— Nicolas , Marc and Geoffroy
Image caption John Sidney Denham will serve at least 13 years in prison
A Catholic priest in Australia has been sentenced to nearly 20 years in jail for sex attacks on 25 children over nearly two decades .
John Sidney Denham , 67 , pleaded guilty to a range of charges relating to attacks on boys at schools in New South Wales between 1968 and 1986 .
The judge said his actions " contributed to a culture of fear and depravity " .
Denham apologised to the victims and their families , saying he saw himself as a " mere scumbag paedophile " .
He was sentenced to 19 years and 10 months in jail for crimes including sexual acts and indecent assaults against boys aged between five and 16 years old .
He was ordered to serve a minimum of 13 years and 10 months .
Pope apology
Judge Helen
Syme spent nearly three hours summing up the charges against the priest , The Australian newspaper reports .
It 's disgusting , the hierarchy in the Catholic Church Victim 's mother
" The incident assaults involved multiple children , often significant planning , were frequently sadistic and overall persistent , objectively serious , criminal courses of conduct , " she said .
" The offender 's actions contributed to a culture of fear and depravity , especially at the school , which allowed these disturbing offences to occur and then remain unpunished for years . "
In a statement , Denham told the court on Thursday : " All I can say is , I 'm so sorry .
I see myself as a mere scumbag paedophile who took advantage of a situation and used my power to abuse young people . "
The victims and their families welcomed the sentence , but said the Catholic Church should be held accountable for what went on .
" He was a horrendous man , really horrendous , " one mother said .
" It just all goes back on to the families - it 's ruined families , siblings .
It 's disgusting , the hierarchy in the Catholic Church . "
The abuse of children by Catholic priests has been a major issue in recent years as victims and relatives have sought justice .
The victims ' group Broken Rites Australia says it has received thousands of calls reporting abuse since opening its national telephone hotline in 1993 - and has helped to sentence more than 100 clergymen .
During a visit to Australia in July 2008 Pope Benedict XVI met some of the victims and made a public apology for the abuse .
A webcam scandal at a suburban Philadelphia school district expanded Tuesday to include a second student alleging his school - issued laptop secretly snapped images of him .
The brouhaha commenced in February , when a student of Lower Merion School District was called into an administrator 's office .
Sophomore Blake Robbins was shown a picture of himself that officials suggested was him popping pills .
The family claimed it was candy .
An invasion - of - privacy lawsuit followed , alleging the district had snapped thousands of pictures of its students using webcams affixed to the 2,300 Apple laptops the district issued .
Some of the images included pictures of youths at home , in bed or even " partially dressed , " ( .pdf ) according to a filing in the case .
Students ' online chats were also captured , as well as a record of the websites they visited .
The latest allegations ( .pdf ) Tuesday , brought by an 18 - year - old former student who had just graduated from Lower Merion High , came to light in the discovery phase of Robbins ' suit .
Student Jalil Hasan reported his laptop lost December 18 , and it was returned to him three days later , according to the suit .
But the LanRev Theft Track program , which the district activated when the computer was reported missing , was never turned off after the computer was given back to Hasan , according to the lawsuit .
The tracking software on Hasan 's computer was n't turned off until February 18 , when Robbins filed suit , the suit alleges , claiming that at least 469 photographs and 543 screenshots were taken by Hasan 's computer without his knowledge .
Hasan 's suit said the images " were taken without Jalil 's knowledge , without his authorization and to his utter shock , dismay , panic , embarrassment and disgust . "
A federal judge presiding over the matter , who is weighing whether to allow a class - action lawsuit against the district , has blocked administrators from activating the LanRev program again .
The district said the cameras were activated only when a laptop was reported stolen or missing – assertions lawyers suing the district dispute .
Two school district employees who controlled the LanRev activation process have been placed on paid , administrative leave .
The district declined comment .
Federal prosecutors have also been given evidence generated from Robbins ' suit .
Photo : Magic Madzic
See Also :
Never going back
I do n’t think I have anything to add that would be 1/1,000,000th as impactful as the stories women have been sharing this week .
But please count me as one man standing with you in this fight .
Today I made a $ 1 million donation to Planned Parenthood .
I urge more men to speak up and contribute .
Women do n’t get pregnant alone , and we owe them much more than our silent support in the political fight ahead .
If you can , please donate here .
Either way , you can take action across the country , online or in person .
Image caption
The report says many job sectors rely on interns
Many young people working for free as interns are legally entitled to be paid , and could launch tribunal claims for back wages , a new report says .
Think tank the IPPR and campaign group Internocracy argue private sector firms are " almost certainly " breaking the law by offering unpaid internships .
The report says many volunteers could be legally defined as workers under national minimum wage legislation .
It warns the current position leaves employers open to compensation claims .
Employment tribunals
" Private companies will normally be under a legal obligation to treat people employed on internship programmes as workers and to pay them the appropriate minimum wage , " the report , by Kayte Lawton , of the IPPR , and Dom Potter of Internocracy states .
In the long run this is bad for business because it damages the reputation of these industries and makes it difficult for them to recruit for the broadest pool of talent Dom Potter , Internocracy
" Employers often mistakenly believe there is a grey area around internships in the NMW ( national minimum wage ) legislation that allows them to take on unpaid interns as long as both sides understand it a voluntary position - but this is simply not the case . "
That , they say , means employers could be open to claims from current and former interns to compensation at employment tribunals , and employers could be liable for up to six years for back pay .
The report says the government should take a lead by phasing out unpaid internships in the publicly - funded organisations , starting at the BBC which it claims employs hundreds of unpaid interns each year .
But the BBC said it had a long and successful track record of training and developing young people from diverse backgrounds for careers in the creative industries .
" With work experience now a mandatory requirement for most schools and colleges , we receive hundreds of applications from people who want to get work at the BBC and our policies ensure that people are selected based on merit , " a spokesman added .
' Well - off backgrounds '
The report also suggests politicians should also consider scrapping unpaid internships at Parliament and in constituency offices .
" We now have entire industries that rely on the willingness of young people to work for free , " said Mr Potter .
" In the long run this is bad for business because it damages the reputation of these industries and makes it difficult for them to recruit for the broadest pool of talent .
" It also means young people from well - off backgrounds or with good connections have an instant advantage when it comes to finding a permanent job . "
Rep. Alan Grayson ( D - Fla . ) tells you how you became part - owner of the toxic Red Roof Inn — but not really the owner at all , just the one covering the liabilities with your homes ( 10:58 ) :
And LOL@Rep. Keith Ellison ( D - Minn. ) for wondering what this had to do with financial reform .
The Dummycrats really are fucking dense .
Rep. Ron Paul spoke on the ‘ currency crisis ’ from creating monopoly money out of thin air ( 5:38 ) :
Dr. Paul and Mr. Grayson passed a bill through the House to audit the Federal Reserve , but the version that went through the Senate — sponsored by Sen. Bernie Sanders — was gutted .
“ Bernie Sanders has sold out and sided with Chris Dodd to gut ‘ Audit the Fed ’ in the Senate , ” Dr. Paul responded on his Facebook page .
“ His ‘ compromise ’ is what the Adminstration and banking interests want : they ’ll allow the TARP [ Troubled Asset Relief Program ] and TALF [ Term Asset - Backed Securities Loan Facility ] to be audited , but no transparency of the FOMC [ Federal open Market Committee ] , discount window operations or agreement with foreign central banks . ”
He added in a statement on YouTube ( 2:32 ) :
Mr. Sanders has been “ trading calls , he said , with Rahm Emanuel , the White House chief of staff ” , Ryan Grim reported at The Huffington Post earlier this week .
Documents leaked to the HuffPo showed the Fed was “ privately lobbying against a bipartisan Senate amendment that would open the central bank to an audit by the Government Accountability Office ” .
The quote of day was from Electronic Intifada co-founder Ali Abunimah , who — regarding today ’s election in the U.K. — said : “ The myth of liberal democracy is that you can ‘ throw the bums out ’ .
All you can do is spin the carousel . ”
How true .
RAFAH , Egypt — Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak , a target of public outrage following the deadly weekend raid by Israeli commandos on a Turkish - led aid flotilla , kept the Rafah border crossing with Gaza open Thursday to people and supplies .
Since the May 31 raid , international pressure has mounted on Israel and Egypt to ease the three - year blockade on the Gaza Strip , prompting Cairo 's move Tuesday to open the border to Palestinians seeking medical treatment .
High - ranking security officials inside the Rafah border terminal said that more than 500 Palestinians had been allowed to enter Egypt on Wednesday .
The land and sea blockade on Gaza was imposed by Israel in 2007 , after the violent takeover of the strip from the Palestinian Authority by Hamas , an Islamic resistance group that had once vowed to “ wipe Israel off the map . ”
For its part , Egypt has also largely kept the Rafah border crossing sealed , except for the most serious humanitarian cases .
Egypt is one of the largest recipients of American foreign aid , totaling close to $ 2 billion annually , in part because of its 1979 peace treaty with Israel .
Historically , Egypt has also struggled against Islamic militancy and has seen Hamas , a movement that grew out of the Egyptian Muslim Brotherhood , as something to fear .
But international outrage over the deadly raid on the aid flotilla , which killed nine people including an American citizen of Turkish origin , is testing the Egypt - Israel partnership .
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu had rejected international criticism over his country 's continued blockade on Gaza , reportedly saying that without it , Iran would establish a ' ' port ' ' in Gaza for weapons shipments .
Meanwhile , protests continued in Turkey on Thursday .
All nine of those killed in the May 31 raids were Turkish , one a dual U.S. citizen , traveling aboard the cruise liner Mavi Marmara .
Turkey withdrew its ambassador from Tel Aviv immediately after the raid .
The Israeli Defense Forces defended their actions , and a video allegedly showing those aboard the ship attacking Israeli commandos and throwing one overboard has been released on YouTube .
Earlier this week , downtown Cairo was also rocked by several protests against the blockade of Gaza .
The demonstrations saw more than 1,000 Egyptians hurling insults at Mubarak and his government .
Egypt ’s Foreign Ministry called the flotilla killings “ tragic , ” criticizing the “ unjust Israeli siege on the Gaza Strip . ”
But even as the Foreign Ministry ’s press statement was released , Egyptian opposition groups had rallied outside the building , denouncing Egypt ’s complicity in the blockade while screaming “ Down with Mubarak . ”
“ Until this week , the Egyptian government had been trying to downplay their role in the blockade , especially in the Arab world , ” said Diaa Rashwan , an expert at the Al - Ahram Center for Political and Strategic Studies , a government - funded think tank .
" But after the Israeli flotilla affair , now I think there is a real change in the Egyptian strategy . ”
Rafah ’s border crossing , normally a sleepy , desolate stretch of sand , has been bustling with activity both inside and out , with eager travelers filling the terminal ’s arrival and departure halls , and trucks laden with aid supplies lining up for entry into Gaza .
Still , several Gazans coming into Egypt claimed that there were still thousands of sick Palestinians on the other side waiting to cross ; one estimate was as high as 8,000 .
Egyptian security officials at Rafah placed the blame squarely on Gaza ’s Hamas - led government , saying that too many people were coming through without proper documentation , including a letter from their Ministry of Health stating the medical condition and required treatment .
Not just any Gazan can cross the border into Egypt .
Even those carrying normally adequate travel documentation were denied entry .
Mohamed Abdel Rahman El Deremlee , 75 , rolling through the border terminal in a makeshift wheelchair , came to Egypt to have an operation on his broken hip and leg .
When his son Hazem , pushing the wheelchair , was turned away , he broke down .
“ Of course I ’m angry .
Angry with Egypt , with Hamas , with Israel , ” he said , shedding tears .
“ Why ca n’t the border just be opened for good ? ”
Aid supplies appear to be trickling into Gaza only at a snail ’s pace .
On Thursday , two flatbed trucks bound for Gaza carrying 250 family - sized tents and almost 30 generators went into the border terminal only to sit , waiting for coordination and approval on both sides of the border .
Omar Ali Mohamed , the regional Sinai coordinator for the Egyptian Red Crescent , said that as many as 25 additional trucks carrying flour , rice , sugar and canned meat were en route .
Gazans stranded on the Egyptian side , in some cases for weeks , have also gained permission to head home , most carrying dozens of boxes of newly bought household appliances and electronics , items banned by the blockade .
Many Palestinians at the border wondered how long the terminal will stay open , and more than a few Gazans here believed the move was merely a publicity stunt to appease critics of Egypt , and that Cairo will close the gates within weeks .
Omar El - Shawa , 28 , flew to Egypt from China , where he works as an engineer , the minute he heard news about the opening .
El - Shawa has n't seen his parents in more than three years .
The risk of not getting back out of Gaza is well worth the price of seeing his mother and father , he said .
" I am sure Egypt opened Rafah for political reasons , " he said .
" They may close it within days , but it 's worth it for me to finally see my family . "
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
For seven weeks , BP has insisted that measuring exactly how much oil is gushing into the Gulf of Mexico is a daunting — perhaps impossible — task .
The depth of the well , and the volume of natural gas emitting from it , has made the flow rate “ very , very difficult to estimate , ” BP has said , while its chief operating officer has emphasized the “ huge amount of uncertainty ” surrounding the question .
But back in 2008 , the company was singing a very different tune .
In an in - house magazine , BP bragged about sophisticated technology it had developed to measure precisely the flow of oil and gas through pipelines .
The August 2008 issue of Frontiers , BP ’s technology and innovation magazine , includes a lengthy feature , titled “ Listening to the Flow . ”
The article boasts of the company ’s “ expertise [ in ] flow measurement . ”
Determining how much oil and gas is flowing out of a pipeline is “ tricky to do , ” the article says .
It explains that BP had developed a technology called sonar - based flow metering , in which the flow of hydrocarbons is measured using sonar sensors placed inside a pipe .
This technology is “ proving its worth in the company ’s operations around the world , ” the article says , noting that BP “ has pioneered the introduction of a new and very useful tool into the wider oil industry . ”
According to the article , BP tested its technology in 2004 on a wet gas pipeline in Alaska and had already introduced around 45 sonar meters to oil fields .
The company ’s research and development program manager told the magazine that BP planned to use the devices on underwater wells , too .
Scientists from Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution have also developed acoustic technology .
BP initially invited them to the site of the spill in early May , one scientist told a House panel last month , but then rescinded the invite .
The Woods Hole team is now working on estimates as part of the government flow rate team .
In the early weeks of the catastrophe , BP said 1,000 barrels of oil were leaking from the well each day .
Then , the oil giant went along with a later government estimate of 5,000 barrels per day .
That , too , proved to be understating the matter .
The government ’s latest assessment is 20,000 to 40,000 barrels per day , but the upper range could be as high as 50,000 barrels per day .
Meanwhile , BP says it ’s siphoning up to 15,000 barrels of oil daily .
Given that oil is still pouring into the ocean , this only serves to verify that the spill is far worse than BP — and the government — originally let on .
BP ’s earliest estimates would have us believe that a total of around 2.2 million gallons of oil had entered Gulf waters .
According to the new , upper - end calculation from the flow rate team , that total could be as high as 109.2 million gallons .
There ’s a reason the oil giant is being so cagey about the spill ’s true size .
The amount that the company will eventually have to fork out in civil penalties will be determined by how much oil they ’ve dumped into the Gulf .
On Thursday , Rep. Ed Markey ( D - Mass . ) called on BP to grant independent scientists direct access to the spill site in order to figure out the flow rate .
Of course , if BP ’s technology is as ground - breaking as that 2008 magazine article would have us believe , the oil giant should be perfectly capable of undertaking this complex calculation itself .
Where ’s that cutting - edge research now ?
The report said that Kim was inspecting a training centre for commanding officers of Unit 593 of the Korean People 's Army , also known as the Inmun Gun .
NEW ORLEANS — U.S. prosecutors
Tuesday charged six current or former police officers in connection with shootings on a bridge in New Orleans that left two dead and four wounded in the chaotic aftermath of Hurricane Katrina .
Victims and witnesses accused the police of firing indiscriminately and without warning on civilians on the Danziger Bridge in New Orleans on Sept. 4 , 2005 .
Officers initially claimed the shootings were justified because they were fired upon , but federal prosecutors said the officers were not in danger and the civilians were not armed .
The racially charged case has become perhaps the most vivid and painful example of the confusion and lawlessness that pervaded the city after the storm .
Most of the officers involved are white ; the victims on the bridge were mostly black .
The case is one of several from the Katrina aftermath that have remained under investigation as the city nears the fifth anniversary of the storm .
A state prosecution of the officers collapsed .
Attorney General Eric Holder , appearing at a press conference in New Orleans , said the unsolved cases arising from Katrina were among the first things he inquired about when he took office in 2009 .
" We will not tolerate wrongdoing by those who have sworn to protect the public , " he said .
Star Wars CV LE Print By Hodges - Art Watch
170 Favourites 39 Comments 24 K Views
This is the final version of my limited edition print ( 250 ) for the upcoming Star Wars Celebration V show in Orlando Florida .
the Star Wars Universe Dream Park
The Map is an homage to Disneyland maps you 'd see at the park .
The map features several different locations and surprises , all from the Star Wars Films and some small tidbits from the EU .
The Map was done in several different pieces .
The actual " map " of the park was done 27 " x 40 " on cold press illustration board .
Pen - Ink , Watercolor dyes as well as marker .
The outlining tress on the map were done in Photoshop CS4 .
The border head shots and the Yoda Logo were done in pen-ink then colored in Photoshop CS4 .
The finished version was put together in Photoshop CS4 .
Print Specs :
Title : The Star Wars Universe Dream Park
Size : 26 " x 39 "
Paper used : 80 # Finch Fine Bright White Ultra Smooth
Edition size : 250
Price : $ 60
Remarque : $ 20 ( pencil only ) / $ 40 ( ink / grays )
IMAGE DETAILS Image size 1250x833px 497.48 KB
Show More
Advertisement
Total Distance : 0 miles / 0 km Mouse : 0,0 US / European Sortie 2007
The route I took from Auckland to London over 4 1/2 months .
Kwak ( France )
Paulaner Weissbier ( Germany )
Velebitsko ( Croatia )
Augustiner ( Germany )
Bruges Zot ( Belgium )
Croatian
Portuguese
Spanish
Belgium
French
The Rising Cock ,
Cat's Hostel , Madrid , Spain
Villa St. Exupery , Nice , France
Kaixo Hospedaje , San Sebastian , Spain
Samay Hostel , Seville , Spain
Hostelling International Annecy , Annecy , France
HI Ostello du Gioventu , Genoa , Italy
Auberge Bagatelle , Avignon , France
Hostel New York , Barcelona ,
B&B Rota , Venice , Italy
Sweden
Germany
Croatia
France
Spain
Berlin , Germany
Tallinn , Estonia
Prague , Czech Republic
Porto , Portugal
Pula , Croatia
London , England
Paris , France
Venice , Italy
Copenhagen , Denmark
Stockholm , Sweden
France
Estonia
Finland
Denmark
Sweden
Spaniards
Croatians
Germans
Swedes
French
Helsinki , Finland
Copenhagen , Denmark
Madrid , Spain
Lagos , Portugal
Barcelona , Spain
October 20th 2007 , Paris , France
September 14th 2007 , Hamburg , Germany
July 15th , 2007 , Paris , France
August 8th 2007 , San Sebastian , Spain
October 6th 2007 , Prague , Czech Republic
Helsinki , Finland
Pula , Croatia
Hamburg , Germany
Dubrovnik , Croatia
Stockholm , Sweden
Zagreb , Croatia
Paris , France
Florence , Italy
Barcelona , Spain
Lisbon , Portugal
Germany
Copenhagen - to - Stockholm
Helsinki - to - Tampere
Toulouse - to - San Sebastian
Florence - to - Siena
Hard Rock Hotel
Hotel Kris Abadia
Townside Hostel
Advertisement
After travelling 35,066 km , to 55 cities , across 17 countries , in 129 days - to say that this has been an incredible journey and an amazing experience would obviously be an understatement .
Once I had arrived at my cousin's place in London NW6 , I have to admit that relief was the overwhelming emotion , as perhaps rather unsurprisingly , I was all travelled out .
In saying that though , with the English weather and winter upon us , I 'm sure it wo n't be long before my feet get itchy again .
Reflecting on the last 4 1/2 months , I feel that a review and a re-cap of the trip is appropriate , given that it was the best experience of my life .
However , rather than merely bore everybody with yet more prose ( and there has certainly been plenty of that )
I thought that the best way to do this , would be to compile a few " Best Of " lists .
So without any further ado , here is the best , the worst , the beautiful , the ugly and everything in between , of my four months in USA / Europe ; The contrast of the relative wasteland outside the old town walls was the onlything that kept Tallinn from being in the top five of this list - the truly medieval old town is stunningly gorgeous .
A mixture of new and old , Copenhagen was surprisingly beautiful .
A modern , yet classic European city .
A charming , cobblestoned medieval town , popular Brugge is just that .
Not known as a popular tourist destination , I was pleasantly surprised when I arrived in the Alsatian capital .
The clash of French and Germanic cultures gives Strasbourg a wonderfully unique character .
With the Alps and Lake Annecy providing a stunning backdrop , the charming medieval town centre is just as picturesque .
The old town confined within ancient walls oozes character and can definitely be described as " Venice without the canals " .
Along with it 's brilliant location by the sea , Dubrovnik is quite rightly called " The Pearl of the Adriatic " .
Despite the incessant number of tourists , there really is no place in the world like Venice , with it 's famous canals and stunning main square .
From the lit - up Eiffel Tower , to the mazy streets of Montmartre , and from the Champs Elysee to a river cruise along the Seine , there is just nodenying that Paris truly is , " The City Of Love " .
Totally worth the five hour walk , the Cinque Terre combines quaint , authentic Italian villages with the stunning natural beauty of the Mediterranean coast .
Completely living up to the hype , it is no wonder Prague has become one of the top travel destinations in the world .
There is medieval beauty everywhere you turn .
I took 176 photographs here - enough said .
Set between two fantastic beaches , with a lively city centre , a vibrant nightlife , great Basque tapas and a character all of it's own , we had an awesome time here and it would 've been perfect if it was just a little hotter .
A melting pot of music , sports , theatre , cultures , food , and bright lights with landmarks galore - set in an art - deco paradise of high rises where everything is done at breakneck speed - New York City never stops and there 's enough here to keep you occupied for weeks , if the pace does n't burn you out first .
For obvious reasons , there is much fun to be had in Amsterdam , and the red - light district , the canals , and the smell of weed in the air makes Amsterdam a place like no other .
There were few places that we went to where the energy in the streets was so infectious you could feel it drawing you in , tempting you .
If you give in , Amsterdam can show you the time of your life ;-) Against the backdrop of it's tumultuous history , it is exactly that which makes Berlin such a fascinating place .
Culturally rich , Berlin is like a butterfly emerging from the cocoon , and flying away on the winds of change .
( Sorry for the corny metaphor but it 's the best way I can describe it ;-) ) .
Another vibrant melting pot , everything you could want in a holiday destination is here - awesome beaches , great weather , sumptuous food , fantastic nightlife , famous sights , rich culture , a super - talented football team and an unrivalled , infectious energy - you could n't ask for anything more .
( Ones tasted for the first time on this trip ) - Tried in Strasbourg , Kwak is very tasty and the glass is held in a unique wooden handle . -
Has a rich , full flavour and hadplenty of these at Oktoberfest . -
Croatia 's best beer is hard to find , but is definitely worth the search . -
I can't usually drink beer by the litre , but had no problems with Oktoberfest 's best beer .-
You just can't beat the unique taste of a Belgian brew , and this was no exception . - with lots of olive oil involved , Croatian food is different , but very tasty . -
I really miss piri-piri chicken and " pasteis de nata " - custard tarts .- the Basque tapas ( pintxos ) were especially delicious and you gotta love a paella .- mussels , fries with mayonnaise , chocolate , waffles and beer . -
France was the most memorable place in terms of dining out and we sampled a large variety of food including " escargots " ( snails ) , " tartiflette " , " tarte flambee " , " ile flottante " , and of course , crepes .
All of it was delicious .
The home cooking I was treated to was also scrumptious , as were the baguettes I would pick up for breakfast from the local " boulangerie " .
Lagos , Portugal - Just had to include this one for the name .
A house converted into a hostel with a resident " mama " to look after all the guests including a daily crepe breakfast , this small 50 - 60 bed hostel feels like your typical Dunedin student flat , except that it's in a warmer clime on the Portuguese Algarve .
There 's a party every night at the Cock , which means you can't sleep - so you might as well join in the fun . -
A fairly big hostel , it 's wonderful Moorish courtyard is the hostel 's focal point and gives the hostel great character .
Complete with an underground bar serving cheap beer , the 10 - bed mixed dorms also makes it easy to make some new friends .-
Voted one of Lonely Planet 's Top 10 Hostels , it was easy to see why .
A former monastery , this place had loads of character and the main dining / drinking / socialising area is in the old chapel !
The 13 - bed mixed dorms again made making friends easy , and you can't go wrong selling 1 € beers .
Even had a couple of Kiwis working here !-
Situated smack bangin the middle of the old town next to a supermarket and walking distance to the beach , you could n't get a better location for this apartment - cum - hostel .
The small common areas makes it so easy to meet your fellow travellers and it's often these smaller boutique hostels that are the best , as they feel like a home more than a hostel .
Safes for your valuables as well as free use of the internet cafe around the corner made it just about the perfect hostel . -
It was really close deciding which of the top two would be number one , but I have plumped for the Samay Hostel for it 's brand new spotless facilities .
Barely open two weeks when we arrived , everything was new and the rooftop patio was the perfect place to eat your own meals , drink your own booze and meet fellow travellers .
Electronic safes and free internet also went down a treat .
The glass - doored , marble - tiled foyer fooled me into thinking this was a hotel - and it might as well be , as it was certainly first - class .
Other decent hostels worth mentioning are City Backpackers ( the free pasta hostel in Stockholm ) and Hostel Erottajanpuisto inHelsinki .-
I generally hated the Hostelling International ( HI ) hostels , because in Europe , they all had lockouts during the day where you were n't allowed inside your room for up to six hours which was a pain in the arse , especially when you wanted to sleep in .
In addition to that , the location of this hostel was so far out of the way , it would 've been a nightmare had we not had a friend to drive us around . -
Characterless jail - like dorms , with a lock - out , a meagre breakfast and located a winding 30 - minute bus ride up a hill , it was easy not to like this place .
Just as well it was only 13 € a night , had a great view and a friendly laundry service . -
Situated right on the riverbank , it was a breeding ground for mosquitoes and with the lights situated directly above my bed , I would wake up with dead insects all over me .
The river stunk too , and locals seemed to like blasting Akon throughout the night just outside .
Spain -
This place had the worst showers ever , one of those ones where you push a button to get two seconds of dribbling , often cold water - not what you need when you have a cold like I did at the time .
Chronic shortages of toilet paper plus a tiny 4 - bed room infested with bedbugs , the location just off La Rambla was perhaps the only thing good about this place .- a gutted - out foyer is never exactly welcoming , and things did n't improve much once you got upstairs .
With a dirty , clogged bathtub with a soaking wet floor , an unfriendly , steely - eyed owner , and doors that did n't lock , for a change I was glad the checkout time was an early 9.30 am .
Exploring the labyrinthine Quinta da Regaleira - Sintra , Portugal .
Swimming , sunbathing , drinking and generally relaxing with locals on the Adriatic coast - Primosten , Croatia Night cruise along the River Seine - Paris , France Walking the Cinque Terre - Cinque Terre , Italy .
Eating ratatouille and sipping red wine while watching the Eiffel Tower fireworks display from a classic Parisian rooftop apartment on Bastille Day - Paris , France Another experience worth mentioningis when I watched Ocean 's 13 in an ancient Roman coliseum in Pula , Croatia Piazza San Marco , Venice , Italy - Venice 's main square is spectacular , and home to the humongously impressive landmarks of the Basilica di San Marco , Palazzo Ducale and the Torre dell ' Orologio .
La Sagrada Familia , Barcelona , Spain - a magnificent structure that perhaps sums up Barcelona itself - grand , unconventional , intricate and expressive .
Chateau de Versailles , Versailles , France - despite not having actually been inside , I will still say that the amazingly stunning palace and it's beautiful , vast gardens certainly achieves Louis XIV 's objective of symbolising the power of his " absolute monarchy " .
Duomo , Florence , Italy - unbelievably big church .
Grand Canyon , AZ , USA - the sheer scale of the canyon is astonishing , as you look down at valleys that are literallybelow you .
Truly one of the wonders of the world .
Other sights worth mentioning are the gargantuan cathedral towers of Strasbourg and Cologne , and theof the Leaning Tower Of Pisa - I was only in the country for 48 hours , but it 's cleanliness , friendly people and general vibe really had an impact on me . -
I had the pleasure of spending a month inGermany last year during the World Cup which may have impacted on my opinion of the country , but it is a truly fascinating place with fantastic people and a cool culture and is underrated as a place to visit in many ways .
I always enjoy my time here , and of course things here are done so efficiently ;-) - wonderful weather is reason enough to go to Croatia , and it 's fantastic coastlines of pristine water , the hospitable people and the laid - back general attitude here will ensure that your time in Croatia will always be relaxing .
There are some awesome ancient ruins here as well .- we always seemed to be just passing through France en route to other destinations , but every time we did go through it , we thoroughly enjoyed it .
The country has everything , from lively cities , dramatic coastlines and imposing mountains , to fantastic food , great sights and a surprisingly non-stereotypical , friendly culture .
Beauty of course is everywhere , be it natural , architectural , the langauge or the people themselves .- whenever I reflect on my trip , I inevitably think back to my time in Spain , and why I ever decided to leave .
I hadthe best times of the trip in Spain , and am willing to admit that the main reasons that Spain is my favourite country is because the weather is great and the people know how to party !
There is an energy among the Spanish ( except during siesta ) that is always present and they definitely enjoy living life to the fullest and playing hard .
The culture is fascinating , and through football and learning the language I perhaps appreciated the culture here more than in other countries .
So I am constantly dreaming of returning to Spain - and hopefully that will be soon .- this was surprising given that it is a major European city .- not so surprising outside the old town walls .- avoid the tourist traps and you 'll find it hard to get rid of your money .- brunch for 2 € and a restaurant dinner , drinks inclusive , for 7 € , as well as a hotel room for 17 € a night . -
I could 've put down any place in Croatia ( except perhaps Dubrovnik ) but it was in Pula where Iwas able to feed myself a massive dinner including a drink and dessert , for 5 €.- generally , the pound makes this one of the dearest places on Earth , but is not too bad once you know where to go .- not so easy to find cheap eats here ...- to be expected in a place like this .
A gondola ride will cost you 72 €.- a glance at our hostel 's price list told you everything you needed to know .- it 's like the Scandinavian countries put a premium on their prices for the hotness of their women .
I had never been so scared of spending money than I was here , where a rum and coke puts you back 9 € .
Do n't lie and say that this is n't the list you wanted to see the most ;-)
Scandinavia has the hottest girls in Europe by far , so this list effectively became a Scandinavian mini-league .- the best of the rest , but on average still unbelievably hot asI realised when waiting outside a Metro station in Paris .
Ooh - la - la .- the standard of dress and their relative shyness were the only things that took away from their raw beauty .- these girls know what they want , and are n't afraid to go out and get it .- they all seem to come out at night here , as we found out while cleaning our drool off the floor once we got inside the club .
They are oh so friendly too , which scored them extra points ;-) - no man will be let down when they go to Sweden , as everything you have seen and heard is true - gorgeous girls surround you all the time , and a walk down the main shopping street in Stockholm confirmed as much - apart from the misnomer that they are all in fact , blonde .
Nice and friendly too ;-) Worth mentioning too is the fact that German girls are way underrated ;-)-
Spaniards on the whole were n't as friendly as in other countries but we did meet some really cool Spanish people who we partied with .- although I knew the Croatians I was staying with , their generous hospitality was certainly not an exception .
- we met a lot of Germans and they were all really cool , in total contrast to the German stereotype . -
Sweden was the only place where the locals really went out of their way to help out and be friendly - and we were only there for 48 hours .- this may surprise many , but from kisses on the cheeks to " bon appetit " , French culture is geared towards politeness , and in my opinion , it really rubs off on the people here .
Copenhagen , Denmark - Drunkenly but successfully navigating our way to a club where we proceeded to talk to and dance with a club full of hot chicks does n't sound like a bad way to spend a Saturday night , does it ?
Madrid , Spain -
Got tanked with a whole lot of cool strangers in my dorm , sharing our stories before we all headed out to Madrid 's famous superclub , Kapital , before returning at around 6 am .
My other two nights in Madrid are also worth a mention , drunkenly spent withtwo really cool ( and not bad looking ) American chicks ;-)
Helsinki , Finland -
Once again with a posse of travellers we had just met at the hostel , we all went out for what was supposed to be a " quiet " drink .
Ended up at an RnB club full of hot Finnish girls , where we ahem ... had a lot of fun .
We finally returned at around 4 am to the hostel , on a Tuesday morning no less .
San Sebastian , Spain -
The first random hostel group outing of the trip , we all got tanked on 99 c , 1 - litre sangria and wine before hitting San Sebastian 's awesome nightlife .
Met heaps of other random people and even the hostel owner was on the piss with us !
Got back at 6.30 am approximately two hours before we were due to catch our train .
Lagos , Portugal - The Rising Cock crew went out every night here but the one in particular where we had Toronto Rob and Black T in our ranks and where I hooked up with a hot bartender on the actual bar counter itself , has to go down as the best night on the trip ;-) The Fray - " How To Save A Life " Sean Kingston - " Beautiful Girls " Mika - " It 's So Easy " Kaiser Chiefs - " Ruby " Rihanna - " Umbrella " ( ella , ella , eh , eh ... ) - there 's not much to say about a swanky - looking , underground R&B club packed with 75 % !
h( MISSING ) ot chicks , that is open on Monday night with 1 € beers .- like Redrum , but with two floors , hotter women in even larger quantities , and a unique playlist mainly consisting of electro , retro and motown .- the first superclub I had ever been to , it is still the biggest I have ever visited in my life .
Seven floors with ( or without ) music to suit most people 's tastes , including trance , retro and R&B , the entire place was immacculately decked out .
Full marks for the rooftop lounge too .- nothing particularly spectacular about this made - for - tourists joint , just a crazy , raucous atmosphere second - to - none . - the best club I have ever been to .
The place was hyped up a lot by several travellers that I had met , and it did not disappoint .
Thishuge six - floor club has a grungy appeal and has different music on all the different floors .
The highlight though has to be the main floor that features a well - known band every Friday and Saturday , followed up by all the indie / alternative mashups you can handle .
So no prizes for guessing why this was my favourite club .
But the best thing about Razzmatazz was the crowd - these people just refuse to stop partying , and they party hard too .
It all makes for a fun and electric atmosphere , which is what clubbing should be all about .( not including those we met in their own country at the time , obviously ) British ( English , Scottish and Welsh ) AmericansCanadiansGermansAustralians - f*cking everywhere .-
Receiving a text from the buyer of our Rugby World Cup Final tickets saying that he had " missed his flight " , leaving us with just 2 1 / 2 hours to get to the stadium and find new buyers for our tickets for much less money , before kick off . -
Turningon my iPod on the train to Copenhagen to discover that I had completely wiped it in the process of uploading songs from it to our host Albina 's laptop .
Two weeks travelling without music was just about unbearable .-
Realising that I was going to have to fork outfor a taxi which may or may not get me to Aeroport Beauvais on time to catch my Ryanair flight to Venice . -
Discovering thatthe TravelBlog entries ( and the effort and hours spent creating them ) I had written up to that point had been accidentally erased due to an error on the TravelBlog server .
It meant a whole day frantically hoping and trying to recover them all from the Google cache - luckily , I managed to restore them all . -
Watching the All Blacks get booted out of the Rugby World Cup ( again ) by France , in a pub full of triumphant Frenchies celebrating wildly , and who just like us , could scarcely believe it .
Gloating Englishmen who were present just after they had won through to the semi-finals themselves , did n't help either , and our fairytale ending of being at the Stade de France to see Richie McCaw finally hoisting aloft the World Cup at the end of our trip , was completely shattered .
This is not another list of favourite cities , but rather a list of places that for varying reasons , I want to revisit . -
Although we visited Helsinki twice during our European sojourn , both visits were rather fleeting affairs , as we spent less than 24 hours there each time .
A vibrant city with a laid back vibe , we unfortunately missed out on the famed nightlife , as all the discotheques were closed on the night we wanted to go out .
Although we did have one awesome night out there , I would n't mind returning to visit thethey have there - that would definitely be an interesting experience , and one I should try and experience before I get too old !.-
My time here was also short , a mere 36 hours .
This meant that I missed out on the supposed beautiful beaches and topless Swedish tourists on offer downon the Verudela Penninsula . -
A cool city of culture including the suburb of St. Pauli , the home of German punk , once again I felt my visit here was too brief and would love to go back a hit a couple rock clubs .
I also missed arguably Hamburg 's most famous feature , the Speicherstadt . -
This beautiful coastside city is definitely worth a revisit .
I would love to head back and hit more of the many beaches there and experience the famed nightlife that starts at 3 am !-
From the short time I was here , I had already thought that Stockholm would be a great place to live one day .
Full of friendly , beautiful people , in clean and charming surrounds , no wonder there is such a good vibe here .
We never had a proper night out in Stockholm - something that must be addressed !
If you thought that the hot chick ratio in the clubs in Copenhagen and Helsinki were high ....( see Top 5 Countries With The Hottest Female Population ) .( according to official TravelBlog stats as they stand at the moment ) " Lagered In Lagos " - inmy opinion this is one of my better - written and more entertaining blog entries about my crazy , fun and boozy weekend on the Portuguese Algarve .
" Hvala Hrvatska ( Part 2 ) " - no doubt this is due to all my Croatian friends , visiting the page to read what I had to say about their wonderful country !
" Hvala Hrvatska ( Part 1 ) " - the blog entry covering the first half of my time in Croatia .
" Sex , Drugs & Alcohol " - in my opinion , my best and most entertaining blog entry .
I guess it 's true what they say - " a good scandal always sells " .
" My Exploits In Estonia " - by far the most read blog entry , which really surprised me .
I received a comment on this blog from Martin , an Estonian who stumbled upon this blog entry , and in his comment , he complimented me on the story .
No doubt he has got a few of his Estonian friends to read it as well !
Combining this with the fact that Tallinn is such a fascinating place , this is the most popular entry of my blog .44 degrees , ( July ) . 3 degrees , ( October ) .
A scrumptious chicken number , inA lamb doner kebabinForget about Paris , the city we encountered with the most dogshit on the pavement was Without a doubt , .
It 's all very efficient .
The French trains were n't half - bad either .
and the Tuscan countryside ofin Las Vegas , Nevada , USA , in Valencia , Spain andin Bremen , Germany .
So there you have it - the end of the blog .
It will be an adventure I will never forget , full of memories I will cherish forever .
Now it 's back to real life ( * shudder * ) and I will hit the ground with a huge thud , as these four months have definitely been like a dream , up in the clouds .
This is by no means the end of the blog however .
So much effort and time has been put into it , that it would seem like a waste to just let it rot .
Since I will be based in London , more travelling is definitely on the agenda once I 've sorted myself out here ( read : got some money ) .
So whenever I make a trip , be it aweekender or another four month bender , you will hear about it - right here .
For now though , I would like to thank everybody for their support , for looking at all the photos and of course , for reading the blog ( which I trust you have all been doing , right ? ) .
It was certainly fun writing it , and I hope you all enjoyed reading it .
I said at the start that if I could inspire just one of you to go travelling , then my blog would be a success .
Well , I know some of you have decided to give it a go and that some of you are in fact doing it right now - so well done and good on ya !
If have inspired you in anyway , then I have perhaps achieved what I had set out to do with this blog - and that is a fantastic feeling .
So until my next sojourn - all the best , and safe travels .
:-)
Derek
* Chavez says will cut oil in case of attack from Colombia
* Has never carried out previous supply threats
* Venezuela severed ties with Colombia over rebel claims ( Adds foreign ministers to meet , line 55 )
CARACAS , July 25 ( Reuters ) - Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez threatened on Sunday to cut oil supplies to the United States in case of a military attack from Colombia as a dispute escalated over charges his country harbors Colombian rebels .
A vocal and frequent critic of the United States , Chavez broke off diplomatic relations with Colombia last week over the claims by the outgoing government of President Alvaro Uribe , a close U.S. ally .
Chavez , a leftist who says Washington is behind the charges , has never carried out previous threats to cut oil supplies to the United States , Venezuela ’s main customer .
“ If there was any armed aggression against Venezuela from Colombian territory or from anywhere else , promoted by the Yankee empire , we would suspend oil shipments to the United States even if we have to eat stones here , ” he said .
“ We would not send a drop more to U.S. refineries , ” he said to a roar of approval from thousands of supporters at a rally for his Socialist party .
Chavez , a former soldier and close ally of Cuba ’s Fidel Castro , is also angry with Bogota over a deal to allow U.S. troops access to a series of military bases .
Venezuela , a member of OPEC , gets more than 90 percent of its export income from oil sales , mostly to the United States , and the South American country ’s economy would collapse quickly if it stopped shipments .
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ ^
Coverage of Venezuela - Colombia dispute [ ID : nANDEAN ]
Analyses of the dispute [ ID :nN2399653 ]
[ ID : nN24165752 ]
Political risks in Venezuela [ ID : nRISKVE ]
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ ^
USEFUL BUT COSTLY
For Chavez , who has suffered a slide in his popularity this year because of a deep recession , the dispute with Colombia is a useful way of rallying supporters ahead of parliamentary elections in September .
But the rift , which began two years ago , is costly for both nations with billions of dollars in trade having been lost when Chavez ordered government importers not to buy from the neighboring country .
Uribe will be succeeded as Colombia ’s president on Aug. 7 by the newly elected Juan Manuel Santos , who has so far been careful to avoid public comment on the dispute .
Although Chavez says he hopes ties can return to normal under Santos , tensions are likely to resurface over the issue of FARC camps and a U.S. military presence in Colombia .
A group of South American foreign ministers will meet in Ecuador next week in an attempt to resolve the crisis .
Santos was Colombia ’s defense minister in 2008 and ordered the bombing of a guerrilla camp in Ecuador , prompting Chavez to order troops to the border with Colombia to deter any plans to carry out a similar raid in Venezuela .
On Thursday , Colombia ’s envoy to the Organization of American States ( OAS ) revealed coordinates , photos and videos of FARC camps allegedly in Venezuela -- apparently choosing diplomacy to avoid sparking a war in the region .
Even so , Chavez said he feared an attack from Colombia was imminent and canceled a trip to Havana for a celebration of Cuba ’s communist revolution , saying the threat against Venezuela meant it was not wise for him to travel .
The documents shown by Bogota ’s envoy Luis Alfonso Hoyos to the OAS permanent council included photos of guerrilla leaders relaxing in jungle and mountain sites that he described as summer camps .
Chavez says the camps are not in Venezuela .
“ We reject , have rejected and will always reject the possibility that a foreign guerrilla force or paramilitary force or foreign military installs itself in the tiniest square millimeter of our sovereign territory , ” Chavez said .
Venezuela shares a 1,375 - mile ( 2,200 - km ) border with Colombia , much of it in rugged terrain that is hard to police .
Many remote villages complain of the presence of paramilitary fighters and guerrillas .
( Editing by John O’Callaghan and Eric Walsh )
© Corbis
The governor of the Lombardy province of northern Italy introduced a policy that would offer pregnant women $ 5,500 ( €4,500 ) not to end their pregnancies , the BBC reports .
Under the policy , established by governor Roberto Formigoni , only pregnant women facing severe economic hardship would be eligible for the payment .
Formigoni has allotted $ 6.1 million ( €5 million ) to the program , which would distribute cash to eligible women in monthly payments of about $ 300 ( €250 ) for 18 months .
Formigoni ’s plan has been lauded by anti-abortion activists and the Italian Bishops ’ Conference , who told the BBC : “ Anything that respects life is to be applauded . ”
Under the policy , women who tell doctors they are seeking an abortion due to economic concerns will be referred to a help center established by the program , the Times of London reports .
Milan gynecologist Augusto Colombo told the Times that he had seen an increase in women seeking abortion for financial reasons as a result of the soured economy : “ Whoever has trouble making ends meet often decides not to have a child . ”
Yet critics have condemned the plan as “ propaganda ” — pointing out that there is only sufficient funding for fewer 1,200 women .
They also point out that while it may offer immediate help to pregnant women facing financial struggles , it ultimately offers a short - term solution to what is a long - term , life - altering decision .
​​Hey , if there were only some rock and roll to go with the sex and drugs , this would be a perfect story .
A new campaign committee to support Prop 19 , California ’s initiative to legalize marijuana for recreational use , has a wealthy donor : the president of Adam & Eve , a mail order firm selling sex toys and porn .
Fresno Bee. Philip D. Harvey , who heads up the North Carolina company which has been billed as America ’s largest provider of sexual products and fuck films , has donated $ 100,000 to the Drug Policy Action Committee to Tax and Regulate Marijuana , reports Peter Hecht at the
​ The November ballot initiative to legalize possession of up to an ounce marijuana for adults over 21 would also allow small residential cultivation in a 5×5 garden and permit local governments to tax and regulate pot sales .
Harvey , so far the only listed donor to the committee , is also a philanthropist involved in family planning and HIV / AIDS prevention .
He is president of DKT International , which distributes condoms and contraceptives to poor countries in Asia , Africa and Latin America .
The Government vs Erotica : The Siege of Adam & Eve which details the various prosecutions , beginning in 1986 , of his company by the federal government for “ violating community standards . ”
( Harvey ultimately prevailed , though at great financial cost . )
Harvey is also the author of a 2001 book , which details the various prosecutions , beginning in 1986 , of his company by the federal government for “ violating community standards . ”
( Harvey ultimately prevailed , though at great financial cost . )
The Economist magazine which describes him as a “ famously libertarian ” man who looks “ more like an academic than a sex magnate . ”
Harvey ’s personal website features a 2004 profile bymagazine which describes him as a “ famously libertarian ” man who looks “ more like an academic than a sex magnate . ”
The article says Harvey has “ broadened his fight for free speech and individual choice ” to “ America ’s war on drugs . ”
The altered scale allows access to the beautiful tensions of a dominant chord in a flash .
The effective use of this scale , however , is not easy .
In this article , I ’ve assembled what I have found to be the keys to utilizing the altered scale to its full potential .
Get beyond the shortcut to the altered scale
To find the appropriate notes for an altered scale , simply go up a half step from the root of the chord and play the ascending form of the melodic minor scale ( a major scale with a flatted third ) .
So , on G7 , you would play Ab melodic minor starting on G , and voila , you ’re playing G altered .
I call this a shortcut for a reason .
Because it is !
Gradually , get beyond it …by knowing the scale as it ’s own entity .
Know the scale as its own entity
I remember attending Jamey Aebersold ’s jazz camp in Louisville , Kentucky , at age 18 and having an absolute blast !
Playing with great musicians , learning from professionals , I truly enjoyed every minute .
One instance relevant to the discussion of altered scales comes to mind .
Jerry Coker told our class that he and Jamey disagreed on one primary issue about the altered scale .
Jamey felt it no big deal to think of the altered scale as a mode of the melodic minor , however , Jerry Coker firmly , but respectfully , opposed Jamey , stating that knowing the scale as its ‘ own thing ’ was absolutely necessary to using it effectively .
Jerry believed that knowing the scale independently from the melodic minor scale would allow improvisers to access the scale more quickly , and therefore , use it more easily .
Sorry Jamey , but I gotta go with Jerry on this one .
Using the melodic minor scale to derive the altered scale is fine for starting out , but to utilize the altered scale to its full potential , it ’s important to have the scale under your fingers and in your mind without having to think of its related melodic minor .
Know when to use the altered scale
Chord symbols implying the altered scale are G7alt. , G7#9 , G7 b13 and I ’m sure other variations exist .
The use of the altered scale is by no means limited to where a chart explicitly calls for it .
Really , any dominant chord resolving down a fifth ( G7 to C major ) can take the altered scale .
The one thing to watch for , however , is a dominant chord that has an altered 9th and a natural 13th , notated commonly as G7b9 .
If a chord has a natural 13th ( E in the case of G7 ) included with altered 9ths ( Ab and A# in the case of G7 ) , then playing Eb ( or D# ) , the b13th ( same as # 5 ) will conflict with the harmony .
Know what the altered notes are in relation to the chord
Even more important than knowing the scale , is knowing how each note in the scale relates to the chord , for example , knowing instantly that D# is the # 5 of G7 , Ab is the b9 , C# is the # 11 , and A# ( Bb ) is the # 9 .
Remember , the altered scale is just a convenient way to conceptualize the altered sounds on a dominant chord and make them available quickly .
Do not just run up and down the scale
It sounds obvious , so why do people insist on continuing to simply run up and down scales as though it were improvising ?
It ’s not .
Learning the scale is only the beginning .
Get an idea of how the masters do it
Could I list a bunch of altered licks here for you to practice ?
Of course .
Would it help you .
No .
Feel free to disagree .
In contrast , Transcribe your heroes yourself to get a concept of how they draw from the altered scale / sounds and you will benefit immensely .
Understand all the resolutions in the altered scale
The altered scale is a just a quick way of accessing the altered tensions .
This in itself is not very powerful .
However , having a strong foundation of jazz language to draw from , coupled with an understanding of how to seamlessly resolve these tensions , will allow you to wield the power of this scale .
These are just some ways these chord - tones could resolve .
In fact , as you transcribe , you ’ll see ( actually hear ) how your favorite players resolve them a multitude of ways , including by skip … in other words , they can resolve them with an interval larger than a half - step .
Use these as a starting point , but explore other ways of how you can strongly resolve these tensions .
The b9 ( Ab ) resolves strongly down to ‘ G’ , the 5th of C major
( Ab ) resolves strongly down to ‘ G’ , the 5th of C major The # 9 ( technically A# , but shown here as Bb ) can resolve down to ‘ A ’ , the 13th of C major
( technically A# , but shown here as Bb ) can resolve down to ‘ A ’ , the 13th of C major The b5 ( same as # 4 and # 11 , Db or C# ) resolves strongly up to ‘ D ’ the 9th of C , or down a half - step to the root of C major .
( same as # 4 and # 11 , Db or C# ) resolves strongly up to ‘ D ’ the 9th of C , or down a half - step to the root of C major .
The # 5 ( same as b6 and b13 , Eb or D# ) resolves strongly down to ‘ D ’ , the 9th of C major .
( same as b6 and b13 , Eb or D# ) resolves strongly down to ‘ D ’ , the 9th of C major .
The b7 ( F ) , resolves strongly down to E , the third of C major .
( Note : This is not one of the 4 ‘ altered ’ tensions , but it is a place of tension that requires an understanding of resolution )
There is a lot of information packed in to this little example .
Understand that there are only four altered tensions present in the altered scale and that people frequently call them by different names , making for a world of confusion .
Get familiar with each of these tensions and how each one resolves .
Knowing these resolutions does not mean you need to play them overtly in your lines .
Knowing them gives you a firm understanding of what is happening harmonically and will help guide your ear .
Remember : when transcribing your favorite players , see how they resolve and deal with these tensions .
Understand the tritone substitution relationship to the altered scale
The tritone sub of G7 is Db7 .
Raise the 11th of Db7 ( Raise the F# to G so the scale does not contain the major seventh of G7 ) making the chord Db7#11 and you ’ve got the exact same notes as the G altered scale .
Knowing that the altered scale and the tritone sub are essentially two ways of looking at the same thing , you could choose to play the tritone sub ( Db7# 11 ) , or in this case the tritone sub pentatonic ( Db / C# pentatonic ) as Michael Brecker does in measure four of his solo on “ Suspone . ”
Use scalar segments of the scale
When you first start to use the altered scale in your solos , you may have still have to think of the related melodic minor .
Scalar segments are a good way to start out .
This example is 12345321 of Ab melodic minor .
Make up your own scalar segments in a similar fashion .
Gradually , you will have these notes at your finger tips without having to think of the related melodic minor .
You ’ll just know that Ab is the b9 of G7 , and so on and so forth .
Playing a few notes of the scale can be very effective
Sonny Rollins frequently takes a couple altered notes and creates beautiful melodies and sequences from them .
Check out this example from his solo on “ Tenor Madness ” on the turnaround of the second chorus .
Sonny uses the b9 and # 9 to create a sequenced melody .
It occurs at 2:39 in the video .
Rich Perry had me practice using a couple notes of the altered scale by going through tunes and selecting pairs of altered notes to play on every chord as in the example below .
Here I chose # 5 and # 9 and would go through an entire tune playing this pair wherever I could .
You could make up your own pairs selecting from the altered tensions : b9 , # 9 , # 11 ( same as # 4 and b5 ) , # 5 ( same as b6 and b13 ) .
Try this over a blues or a standard you are working on .
It ’s obvious Rich has practiced and mastered these altered sounds !
Use chromatic passing tones between altered notes
Adding chromatic passing tones in between altered notes is an effective way to emphasize specific altered tensions .
For instance , take this example from Michael Brecker :
By inserting chromatic passing tones between altered notes , Brecker controls which tensions land on downbeats ( the notes on the downbeats are going to suggest the underlying structure of the line . )
In this line over the G7 , Brecker puts the b7 , b13 , # 9 , and b9 on down beats .
Watch how the greats use passing tones to purposefully land on specific altered notes on the downbeats .
Once you get the general idea of inserting passing tones , you can create your own altered bebop scales .
Here are some examples :
This is the altered scale with a passing tone in between the root and dominant seventh , similar to the bebop dominant scale .
It puts 1 , b7 , # 11 , and # 9 on downbeats .
This is the altered scale with a passing tone in between the b13 and # 11 .
It puts 1 , b13 , # 11 , and # 9 on downbeats .
Here ’s a ten note altered bebop scale .
This is the altered scale with a passing tones in between the root and b7 , and between b7 and # 11 .
It puts 1 , b7 , b13 , # 11 , and # 9 on downbeats .
You can also leave notes of the scale out as in this example .
I inserted passing tones in between the root and b7 , and between b7 and # 11 , and then left the 3rd ( E ) out of the scale .
The most important thing about using these bebop scales is knowing how to integrate them musically into your playing .
To reiterate , do not just mindlessly run up and down scales .
That ’s not improvising .
Incorporating the altered scale into your playing
This is a combination of understanding the scale inside and out ( resolutions , each tension ’s relationship to the chord , and the rest of the points discussed previously ) and combing that understanding with language .
A simple way to do that is the following process :
Here ’s a charlie parker lick over a one measure ii V
This is a frequent situation : I ’ve transcribed a line and now I want to make it my own .
In the following example , I ’ve imposed the altered scale over the line .
You can do this with any line you transcribe .
Try writing out some variations as I did here and then try improvising ( instead of writing ) around the transcribed line , using the altered sounds as a basis for how you change the line .
This method will help you rapidly integrate the altered scale into your playing in a musical way based upon the jazz language .
Transcending the altered scale
As you practice all this altered stuff , a paradigm shift will occur .
Supposing you ’re learning G7alt .
The process may go something like this :
Play Ab melodic minor Play Ab melodic minor from G to G Play a blues and play 12345321 of Ab melodic minor on every G7 chord Transcribe some altered language you hear on a recording to get an idea of how the masters do it Begin to feel and hear G altered as it ’s own entity Start to know instantaneously that Ab is the b9 , Bb ( A# ) is the # 9 , D# is the # 5 , and C# is the # 11 Start to use pairs of altered notes over dominant chords , while understanding each resolution .
Be able to think of Db7#11 ( tritone sub ) as another point of view of the same altered sounds Transcribe some more altered language you hear on a recording ( this could be inserted as every other step ;-) )
Choose which altered tensions you want on downbeats by inserting half steps in various places
Be able to take lines you transcribe and impose the altered sound on top of them by writing out a new line
Be able to take lines you transcribe and impose the altered sound on top of them by improvising around the shape and structure of the line Freely , confidently , and musically begin to apply the altered sounds to dominant chords in tunes you are working on
This process is a sample .
It is not a step by step “ how to . ”
The point is , you begin very simply with a small amount of information and in a short period of time , you amass much information of looking at the same thing .
The paradigm shift is the mixing and matching of all this information .
You ’ll transcend the idea of the altered scale , automatically knowing the altered sounds you wish to emphasize and how best to do it .
Apple Logic Pro X Tips & Techniques
Logic 's MIDI plug-ins are great , but getting access to the data they output can be tricky .
Here 's how it 's done ...
Agency ATV : a very special delivery - Lesson notes 3273 views 3 likes
" In spite of the opinions of certain narrow - minded people , who would shut up the human race upon this globe , as within some magic circle which it must never out step , we shall one day travel to the moon , the planets , and the stars , with the same facility , rapidity , and certainty as we now make the voyage from Liverpool to New York . "
( Jules Verne , " From the Earth to the Moon " , 1865 ) ( Jules Verne , " From the Earth to the Moon " , 1865 )
1 - Controlling a collision The Automated Transfer Vehicle ( ATV ) will enable ESA to transport payloads to the International Space Station Imagine driving a car between two lorries on a motorway , with only a couple of centimetres ’ clearance on either side , whilst both you and the lorries travel at 80 km per hour .
This is what the Automated Transfer Vehicle ( ATV ) does in order to dock with the International Space Station ( ISS ) .
The only difference is that both vehicles are travelling at 8 km per second and you want to manoeuvre with the precision equivalent to a one Euro coin .
Imagine driving a car between two lorries on a motorway , with only a couple of centimetres ’ clearance on either side , whilst both you and the lorries travel at 80 km per hour .
This is what the Automated Transfer Vehicle ( ATV ) does in order to dock with the International Space Station ( ISS ) .
The only difference is that both vehicles are travelling at 8 km per second and you want to manoeuvre with the precision equivalent to a one Euro coin .
Essentially , a docking manoeuvre is a controlled , inelastic collision .
You allow two objects to collide and stick together at a relatively low velocity .
So , even though both objects are moving at about 8 km s - 1 , they approach each other at a few centimetres per second .
There are a number of reasons for this .
Since there is relatively low friction compared to on Earth at ground level , any stabilising actions of the thrusters must be performed wisely , otherwise it could throw the ATV wildly off - course .
If small adjustments are the only adjustments that can be made , you really want to be approaching the docking point at a very small relative velocity .
Think about a driver reversing a car into a very tight space , with a one centimetre clearance on either side .
He would n’t want do this quickly would he ?
It is the same principle .
However , for the ATV , this process is fully automated using information from its own rendezvous sensors , whilst being monitored from the ATV Control Centre in Toulouse , France .
Furthermore , if you have ever witnessed the inelastic collision of two masses on an air track in a laboratory , you will appreciate that momentum is conserved before and after the collision ( Principle of conservation of momentum . )
The last thing scientists want is for a 20 tonne mass to bump heavily into the ISS .
Apart from the damage , it would affect the velocity , and therefore the trajectory of the ISS .
If the ISS has a mass of approximately 250 tonnes and the ATV is approximately 20 tonnes , we can show that the increase in velocity of the docked ATV and ISS should be about a tenth of that of the relative approach velocity .
We will simplify matters and treat this as a linear collision .
For the principle of conservation of momentum :
This can be simplified , in the ISS observer ’s frame , and rearranged to give :
This represents an increase in orbital speed , Δv , for the ISS after docking , relative to the approach speed of the ATV .
If we consider ( a few centimetres per second ) , the increase in orbital speed of the ISS is which , compared with the ISS orbital speed of 8 km s- 1 , is fortunately tiny !
2 - The ATV : “ Where am I ? ” Galileo
In the early stages of navigation , the ATV uses a combination of star tracker and Global Positioning System ( GPS ) data to get closer to the ISS .
In a similar way that humans have used the stars to navigate on Earth for many centuries , star tracker – a modern day equivalent to the sextant – is able to recognise different constellations in the sky to calculate its own orientation in space .
In addition , GPS , measures angles between the orbiting GPS satellites in order to give positional information .
This is the same GPS technology that we use here on Earth .
The GPS receiver uses the network of at least 24 operational GPS satellites .
Each satellite orbits with a period of twelve hours such that at any point in time on Earth , a GPS receiver can receive an electromagnetic time - code signal from at least four of the satellites as well as positional data of the individual satellites .
The same is true for the ATV in space .
The time - codes transmitted by the satellites are all synchronised according to atomic clocks .
The GPS receiver also requires a synchronised clock onboard so that it can calculate the differences in time codes ( which are travelling at the speed of light ) and hence the distance to each satellite .
The GPS receiver will calculate the distance to each of the satellites and find the singular point where the surfaces of the spheres , of radii corresponding to the distances from each of the satellites , intersect in space , in order to calculate its position .
This is known as three - dimensional trilateration .
If we know , for example , that the time - code signal from satellite A corresponds to t A =0.0796963586 s and from satellite B t B =0.0832568645 s , we can work out the distance to each satellite :
Distance to satellite A , d A =t A c=23908.90758 km
Distance to satellite B , d B =t B c=24977.05935 km
Circle of position Atomic clocks are extremely expensive and would make the cost of owning a GPS receiver prohibitive , which is why , on Earth , each GPS receiver has an internal quartz clock instead .
Unfortunately , this is not as accurate as an atomic clock .
If a GPS receiver on Earth is slightly out of synch , it will give a tiny mistake of a few thousandths of seconds for each satellite .
Referring to the previous satellites A and B , the times could be , for example t A =0.0797963586 s and t B =0.0835568645 s.
This would correspond to : Satellite A :
d A =t A c=23938.90758 km and a resulting circle error of 30 km
Satellite B :
d B =t B c=25067.05935 km an a resulting circle error of 90 km
This intersection point in the map would give a completely wrong position !
Fortunately a third satellite signal is received and the receiver can make an adjustment based on each of the time - code signals it receives .
Indeed , each of the distances will be proportionally incorrect and wo n’t intersect at a single point .
So , the receiver adjusts its internal clock such that the measured distances intersect at a unique point .
The receiver is constantly doing this , so you could argue that you have access to a very accurate clock if you have your own car satellite navigation system .
For three - dimensional positioning , a fourth satellite is required .
This will allow us to find the right position of a plane , in order to provide altitude information .
Soon , Galileo will be Europe ’s own global navigation satellite system , providing a highly accurate , guaranteed , global positioning service under civilian control ( see related link on right column ) .
This exercise is partially based on the `Lift - Off ’ exercises published by ESA BR - 223 .
3 - Rendezvous in space Positioning of the ATV
The ATV is launched into a 300 - km orbit , from which an elliptical transfer orbit is used to carry the ATV into a rendezvous trajectory towards the ISS at 350 km altitude .
Consider the ISS orbit as fixed in space inclined at 51.6° over the Equator , with the Earth rotating underneath .
The ATV is launched into a 300 - km orbit , from which an elliptical transfer orbit is used to carry the ATV into a rendezvous trajectory towards the ISS at 350 km altitude .
Consider the ISS orbit as fixed in space inclined at 51.6° over the Equator , with the Earth rotating underneath .
The best moment to launch ( “ launch window ” ) the ATV is when Kourou is almost underneath the position of the ISS orbit .
This is known as the launch window and means that , when launched , the ATV will be put into an orbit which is in the same plane of the ISS , resulting in fewer correction manoeuvres during the transfer orbit .
From Kepler ’s Third Law , we can work out the orbital period of the elliptical transfer orbit .
Firstly , we have to find out the value of the constant k in Kepler ’s Third Law .
For this purpose , we consider a circular orbit to be a special case of an elliptical orbit .
( this exercise is based on the `Lift Off ’ exercised published by ESA BR - 223 )
4 - How far to docking , Sir? ATV Jules Verne docked to the ISS During the final stages of approach , a range - finding technique using pulsed electromagnetic radiation is used to align the ATV during docking with the ISS .
At a few hundred metres , a laser pulse is sent to the retro-reflectors on the ISS and the beam transit time is measured to calculate the distance between the ATV and the ISS .
A retro-reflector will reflect light back in the same direction as the source , so the distance measured will be a direct line - of - sight distance .
For example , if the pulses are returning with a 1.5 µs delay , then we can calculate the distance as follows :
Remembering , of course , that the time has to be divided by two ( the time measured is the time for the pulse to travel to and from the retro- reflector ) .
The telegoniometer provides 10000 pulses per second at a different wavelength , ensuring that the final approach is carefully monitored in conjunction with the videometer sensors .
During the final stages of approach , a range - finding technique using pulsed electromagnetic radiation is used to align the ATV during docking with the ISS .
At a few hundred metres , a laser pulse is sent to the retro-reflectors on the ISS and the beam transit time is measured to calculate the distance between the ATV and the ISS .
A retro-reflector will reflect light back in the same direction as the source , so the distance measured will be a direct line - of - sight distance .
For example , if the pulses are returning with a 1.5 µs delay , then we can calculate the distance as follows :
Remembering , of course , that the time has to be divided by two ( the time measured is the time for the pulse to travel to and from the retro- reflector ) .
The telegoniometer provides 10000 pulses per second at a different wavelength , ensuring that the final approach is carefully monitored in conjunction with the videometer sensors .
5 - Re-boosting – why such a low orbit ?
Looking through the Earth 's atmosphere from on board ISS Each day , the ISS loses about 100 m altitude due to residual air resistance .
Being at a relatively low orbit of 400 km , there is still a small amount of atmosphere present with a mean density of the order of :
3.8 x 10 - 12 kg m - 3 .
( The actual density varies according to solar activity and whether it is day or night .
This approximate value over a year for mean levels of solar activity is taken from the MSISe - 90 Atmosphere Model ) .
Each day , the ISS loses about 100 m altitude due to residual air resistance .
Being at a relatively low orbit of 400 km , there is still a small amount of atmosphere present with a mean density of the order of : 3.8 x 10 kg m( The actual density varies according to solar activity and whether it is day or night .
This approximate value over a year for mean levels of solar activity is taken from the MSISe - 90 Atmosphere Model ) .
We can calculate the drag force F D at a velocity v using where C D is the ( dimensionless ) drag coefficient of the object , ρ is the density of the fluid ( the residual atmosphere ) and A is the cross-sectional area of the moving object .
The drag coefficient of the ISS is about 2,07 and for ATV 2,4 .
The cross sectional area of the ISS can vary between about 700 m2 and 2300 m2 , depending on the ISS configuration .
If we consider A=1000 m2 , this results in a typical drag force of 0,25 N.
The decrease in velocity corresponding to this force is
If we consider a typical day , then t=86400 s and Δv=0.09 m s - 1 , giving a decrease of orbital height of about 100 m per day ( see Section 6 ) .
Despite the low atmospheric density at 400 km , there are still several million billions of atoms per cubic centimetre and this results in drag on the ISS , causing it to lose height over time .
You would think that the issue of having to re-boost ISS regularly would be a good argument for putting it into a higher orbit .
This way , there would be no need to transport large amounts of fuel on - board the ATV to carry out the re-boosting operations .
If only it were that simple !
Let ’s see how much energy is required to get to such an orbital height .
To find out how much energy is required ( the work done , W g ) to move a mass from the surface of the Earth ( R E ) to an altitude of 400 km ( R E + 400 km ) , we need to calculate the difference in gravitational potential energy ( GPE ) at these two points .
Work done = GPE at 400 km – GPE at Earth ’s surface :
So , each kilogramme of mass requires 3.7 × 106 J of energy to move to 400 km this distance from Earth .
This is the work done against gravity alone .
When you start to include the mass of the ATV body , its fuel and drag due to the atmosphere during lunch , you can see quite rapidly that this requires huge amounts of energy .
In fact , the work done against gravity alone is of the order of 7.0 × 1010 J ( this is comparable to the energy consumed by an average automobile in one year ) .
Hence the need for a powerful launch vehicle such as the Ariane 5 rocket .
( See link on the right column ) Obviously , the higher the orbit , the more the energy required to reach it .
This is the principle reason that ISS is in a Low Earth Orbit ( LEO ) at 400 km .
Any higher and more fuel would be needed to get there , resulting in much higher launch costs .
6 . Maintaining orbital velocity ISS is seen from Space Shuttle Atlantis Re-boosting ISS is done by increasing its orbital speed by a small amount , Δv , which causes it to move to a higher orbit .
Since we know the mass of the Earth and the mass of the ISS , we can find its orbital speed .
The actual linear velocity is constantly changing , so the value we get for this calculation will be a scalar quantity , hence speed .
Re-boosting ISS is done by increasing its orbital speed by a small amount , Δv , which causes it to move to a higher orbit .
Since we know the mass of the Earth and the mass of the ISS , we can find its orbital speed .
The actual linear velocity is constantly changing , so the value we get for this calculation will be a scalar quantity , hence speed .
We can do this by equating the gravitational force between two masses ( namely the Earth and ISS ) with the centripetal force required to keep ISS in orbit .
In other words , gravity provides the centripetal force .
The gravitational force between two masses M and m , separated by a distance r is given by
Centripetal force is given by F=ma .
If we assume circular motion and substitute
for the centripetal acceleration , then we have So , we have
Rearranging to find v : Giving just under 8 km s - 1 .
At this velocity , you could fly from Paris to Berlin ( 877 km ) in less than two minutes !
The ATV is fitted with 4 re-boosting thrusters , each of which can generate 490 N of thrust .
When the ATV is docked with ISS , two of these thrusters re-boost the orbit and produce the required Δv. Depending on the height of ISS , a typical re-boost burn may last about half an hour to increase the orbital height by about 30 - 50 km .
7 . Air resistance upon re-entry
The ATV burns up during a guided and controlled reentry
Once the ATV ’s re-supply mission is complete ( approximately 6 months ) , it will leave ISS and be bound for re-entry into the Earth ’s atmosphere .
Unlike the manned shallow - angle Space Shuttle re-entries , the ATV will move into a steep and destructive trajectory , causing it to start the re-entry at a velocity approaching 8 km s- 1 .
As it descends , the atmospheric density will increase , causing drag .
Whereas the Ariane 5 rocket has an aerodynamic design , to minimise the effects of atmospheric drag during its launch , this is not the case for the ATV .
Coupled with the fact that it will be travelling much faster , it will experience very high levels of heating .
If it enters the Earth ’s atmosphere at just under 8 km s- 1 the resulting compression of the air in front of the ATV will create a gas shock layer that will reach a temperature high enough to dissociate and ionise atoms in the air , creating a plasma .
Clearly , this is a destructive entry .
Between 70 and 50 km the ATV will start to dismantle and will repeatedly break up into smaller and smaller fragments , due to the high temperatures experienced .
The resulting fragments and waste will completely burn up in the atmosphere , but there is always a small risk that a fragment of debris will fall to ground level , which is why such destructive re-entries are made over the Pacific Ocean .
Responsive modifiers enable specifying different column sizes , offsets , alignment and distribution at xs , sm , md & lg viewport widths .
All you need to remember is row , column , content .
Add any number of auto sizing columns to a row .
Let the grid figure it out .
Alignment
Add classes to align elements to the start or end of a row as well as the top , bottom , or center of a column
. start -
< div class = " row start - xs " > < div class = " col - xs - 6 " > < div class= " box " > start </div > </div > </div >
. center -
< div class = " row center - xs " > < div class = " col - xs - 6 " > < div class= " box " > start </div > </div > </div >
.end -
< div class = " row end - xs " > < div class = " col - xs - 6 " > < div class= " box " > end </div > </div > </div >
Here is an example of using the modifiers in conjunction to acheive different alignment at different viewport sizes .
< div class = " row center - xs end - sm start - lg " > < div class = " col - xs - 6 " > < div class= " box " >
All together now </div > </div > </div >
.top -
< div class = " row top- xs " > < div class = " col - xs - 6 " > < div class= " box " > top </div > </div > </div >
. middle -
< div class = " row middle - xs " > < div class = " col - xs - 6 " > < div class= " box " > center </div > </div > </div >
.bottom -
It 's as if the recent sunny , muggy weather has spread into politics ; there is a smiling , dazed feel about the coalition , a willingness for them to do well , a pleasure in the sight of politicians being polite about one another .
It wo n't last , says the sceptic .
And it means absolutely nothing , adds the cynic .
And the sceptic is right ; the cynic , wrong .
It does mean something .
For far too long , Westminster culture has been much nastier and meaner spirited than the country generally .
This nastiness began with the vicious fratricidal wars inside old Labour , then through the savage edge of the Thatcher years .
It boiled and suppurated as the Tories tore themselves apart over Europe .
It was back in a new form – New Labour , New Nasty – because of the personal vendettas behind the smiley face of Blairism .
And now , at least for a while , it has subsided .
The coalition has its tensions , of which more in a moment .
Vince Cable and George Osborne are not a mutual admiration society .
But overall , we see people striving to find common ground , watching their words , and showing one another a bit of respect .
We see something very similar in the Labour leadership contest , whose contenders report a surprising enthusiasm and energy in their local meetings .
This is all to be welcomed because Westminster nastiness was weird , dysfunctional and mostly unnecessary .
It put normal people off politics , except as a spectator sport up there with cage wrestling , and it wasted creative energy the country actually needed .
Just imagine what New Labour might have done without the huge percentage of time and thought devoted to the Blair - Brown feud ; or what Major 's government could have been like without the " loonies " and the " bastards " .
This Westminster underworld was summed up forever by The Thick of It and Malcolm Tucker .
Normal people looked and laughed .
But they do n't like it , and never did .
So the cynic is wrong and politicians should take heed .
More politeness and less macho posturing would go a long way to rebuilding interest in politics .
But the sceptic , who says this honeymoon cannot last forever , is right too .
Look at the very different spins being put on the public spending cuts by David Cameron and Nick Clegg today .
The Tory prime minister emphasised the depth of the problem and , by implication , the sour harshness of the medicine about to be administered .
His Liberal Democrat deputy emphasised that these would be sensitive , caring , progressive cuts .
Between Cameron's " it 's gonna hurt " and Clegg 's " but not so much " lies the fissure inside the cosy - sounding phrase " Liberal Conservative " .
The truth is that Cameron 's message is more realistic than Clegg's .
Even as he seeks to appease core
Tory interests on capital gains tax and military spending , he knows the axe will fall savagely across the public sector .
This will anger and disappoint Lib Dem voters more than Tory ones ; can it be long before the likes of Charles Kennedy emerge as anti-coalition spokesmen ?
For the time being , at Westminster , the coalition will hold together because it has to .
As the polls turn against them , the politicians will have no choice but to try to stay the course through some hard years , and hope that the recovery comes in plenty of time to save them .
But there 's the question : to save who ?
In his Observer interview , Clegg strongly denied that his party would be eaten alive by the Conservatives .
It was his job , he argued , to keep the parties distinct .
Maybe so , but the likelihood is that the Lib Dems will pay a very high price for their alliance .
Who remembers the National Liberals , swallowed by the Conservatives more than half a century ago ?
Either the coalition will succeed in its economic programme , and emerge more popular ; or it will fail .
If it succeeds , voters will reward it .
But the face will be the face of the prime minister , Cameron , and the Tories will reap most of the reward .
If a Tory - dominated government has won through , voters will be inclined to back them .
Why would you vote against the dominant partner in a coalition , in order to support the weaker one ?
The bigger the pro-coalition verdict , the larger the majority , and the more of that majority will be Conservative .
Would a " coalition " election platform , with distinct party platforms , produce a second hung parliament ?
This one has been unusual in UK political history , so the answer may well be no .
The Lib Dems could therefore face the paradoxical situation that their very success in government produces an election result that makes them unnecessary .
Oh dear .
Alternatively , of course , the coalition could fail and have to face the wrath of disappointed voters ; who would , presumably , therefore vote for the opposition , which is now Labour , not the Liberal Democrats .
Neither outcome looks a happy one for the junior partner .
Clegg 's answer to this , the only plausible one , is that he must get a change to the voting system before that election takes place , to ensure the third party is better represented .
That 's why the timetable for proposals and a referendum on voting reform has taken so much hard bargaining behind the scenes .
Without it , the Lib Dems will indeed be destroyed .
The Tories , wanting a " proper " majority next time , know it very well .
It follows that the politics leading up to the referendum , the campaign itself , and anything that follows , will be very tough .
The referendum must divide the coalition and will be even more contentious at Westminster than the tax rises and spending cuts .
For the Lib Dems at least , it 's a matter of the party 's survival as a serious force .
Meanwhile , the Tories will think : if we can scupper voting reform and get our changes to the constituencies through , we can destroy the sandal - wearers for good .
Everything suggests that this confrontation may happen , on a Lib Dem timetable , as early as next year – in other words , at the same time as the worst of the spending cuts are being implemented .
Then , I fear , nasty politics will be back .
The muttered insults between tribal Tory and Lib Dem politicians will spill out into the open .
Labour may even be able to pose as the " clean " party , interested in weightier matters than mere party political positioning .
I 'm sure that Clegg and Cameron are entirely sincere in saying they want no election for five years and will try hard to achieve that .
It 's in their personal interests .
It 's a lot less clear their parties will feel it's in their interests , or be able to deliver such a long union .
So the sceptic who says it can't last may be proved right earlier than most people expect .
A message for Labour ?
Your leadership election is a serious and urgent business .
Get on with it fast , and try as hard as you can not to be nasty .
They doubted him during the health care debate .
They second - guessed his Afghanistan policy .
They ’ve fretted over his coziness with Wall Street and his comfort with executive power .
But now is the summer of their discontent .
From MSNBC to “ The Daily Show , ” from The Huffington Post to the halls of Congress , movement liberals have had just about enough of Barack Obama .
The catalyst was last week ’s lackluster Oval Office address , but the real complaints run deeper .
Many liberals look at this White House and see a presidency adrift  unable to respond effectively to the crisis in the gulf , incapable of rallying the country to great tasks like the quest for clean energy , and unwilling to do what it takes to jump - start the economy .
American liberalism has always had a reputation for fractiousness and frantic self - critique .
But even by those standards , the current bout of anguish over the Obama presidency seems bizarrely disproportionate .
Several members of Arsenal ’s first - team squad returned to London Colney for the first day of pre-season training this morning and , with just 11 days to go until the first pre-season friendly takes place against Barnet at Underhill , attention is already beginning to turn to the new campaign .
The nine members of the first - team squad who participated in the World Cup ( Abou Diaby , Bacary Sagna , Cesc Fabregas , Robin van Persie , Carlos Vela , Alex Song , Gael Clichy , Emmanuel Eboue and Nicklas Bendtner ) were all absent as was manager Arsene Wenger who is still at the showpiece event in South Africa .
Wenger previously stated that he will rule each player who has taken part in the World Cup out for four weeks before they will be fully re-incorporated into his squad , although that process could take considerably longer in Bendtner ’s case , with the Dane suffering with a groin problem .
Long - term absentee Aaron Ramsey ’s return date is currently unknown .
All of that leaves Wenger with 16 members of his 26 - man squad currently available , four of which are goalkeepers ( Manuel Almunia , Lukasz Fabianski , Vito Mannone and Wojciech Szczesny ) .
There are plenty of attacking options available with Andrey Arshavin , Theo Walcott , Tomas Rosicky , Samir Nasri , Eduardo and new signing Marouane Chamakh all raring to go , whilst Thomas Vermaelen and Johan Djourou are currently the only first - team centre - backs at the club , although that situation is likely to be rectified shortly with the acquisition of Laurent Koscielny from Lorient .
Jack Wilshere is back at the club following his successful loan spell with Bolton Wanderers , whilst Kieran Gibbs and Armand Traore will battle it out for the right to be Clichy ’s deputy next season .
Given that Wenger usually takes a squad of 22 players to Underhill , he is likely to dig deep into his resources for this fixture .
Of the 27 young professionals , Francis Coquelin and Luke Freeman are out on loan , whilst Thomas Cruise and Gilles Sunu will be representing England and France respectively at the UEFA u-19 European Championships later this month .
None of the 2009 scholars who have turned professional are likely to be considered barring the event of several injuries .
Wenger will , however , probably call upon some of the more experienced young professionals , such as Craig Eastmond , Kyle Bartley , Gavin Hoyte , Henri Lansbury , Emmanuel Frimpong , Jay Emmanuel - Thomas and Sanchez Watt to make up the numbers .
Havard Nordtveit should be heavily involved in pre-season as Wenger looks to integrate him into his first - team squad , whilst Pedro Botelho could also be involved but it is difficult at present to see where the Brazilian would fit in unless either Gibbs or Traore left on loan or the latter was sold .
One interesting element of pre-season will be seeing whether Wenger persists with 4 - 3 - 3 or reverts to 4 - 4 - 2 to accommodate two central strikers .
* NOTE - Robin van Persie will change his Arsenal squad number shortly .
Possible team for Barnet ( early prediction )
1st half :
Almunia
Djourou - Nordtveit- Vermaelen - Gibbs
Denilson
Nasri-Rosicky
Walcott - Chamakh - Arshavin
2nd half :
Fabianski
Eastmond - Bartley - Hoyte - Traore
Frimpong
Wilshere - Lansbury
Watt - Eduardo - Emmanuel Thomas
4 . Dropping the ball at the last moment
When your game is divided into separate levels , in what order should they be created ?
We did n't struggle with this question -- the tutorial was made half - way through the project so that it would reflect the game reasonably well , and the last level and the end boss were left until the very end of the project .
This was improvement over the Shadowgrounds games , where the development followed the games ' level progression .
Naturally , when the time came to create the last level for Trine , we only had a couple of weeks until the game was supposed to be finished .
Therefore all of our earlier thoughts on having a huge boss enemy were thrown out the window -- bosses take considerable time and we did n't have much .
An alternative plan B was schemed on the spot -- what if the player travelled upwards , avoiding rising lava ?
Several elements were added , such as an evil wizard ( or the " old King " for those who tried to follow the story ) who conjured objects such as boxes , planks , and spiked balls to hinder the player 's progress .
The last level was to be the ultimate test of the players ' abilities and how well they had understood the cooperation between the characters .
Everyone in the team had fun with the level .
It was a considerable challenge and took many tries to get to the top .
At the top a small regular fight awaited , and the game would end when the player reached the topmost platform .
The feeling of accomplishment when the level was finally beaten was great , given the schedule constraints , and we were happy with the work - in - progress final cutscene -- the only one that uses the in - game engine and characters .
As time was running out , the level did not get nearly as much playtesting as e.g. the tutorial had got .
We had made several changes to the tutorial -- for example , a few weeks before gold master we changed the Wizard 's English tutorial hint message from " Draw a box " into " Draw a square " as we found out that some players started looking for a box to drag around instead of using the cursor to conjure a box out of thin air .
We knew the last level was a departure from the rest of the game , but we felt it was a nice change of pace .
We had one outsider , an ex-employee , who tested the level before gold master .
He did not enjoy it at all , but we ignored his feedback .
He had only played a few levels of the game before so his opinion clearly was n't valid .
We 've never got so much negative feedback on a single level before .
The majority of gamers did not enjoy the change -- the somewhat slow - paced gameplay had been transformed into a quick test of skill .
There were some who enjoyed the level , but they were a minority .
It could be speculated that Trine had reached out to a much larger target audience than we had perhaps envisioned , and that resulted in the clash .
Many gamers also lamented the fact that there was no real boss fight .
In a way most of the decisions we made with the last level were perfectly sound -- they just belonged to a different game , such as the one Trine was originally supposed to be .
Some parts of the level were ( and still are ) impossible to get past on the first try , as some of the triggers are simply unfair and do not give enough time for the player to react .
This kind of memorization gameplay , in addition to hectic speed of the level , did not fit with Trine .
We made the speed of the rising lava slower with patches and removed it from the easiest difficulty .
However , this did not help as much as we had thought -- while the Game Over screen featured a difficulty change option , many players did not take advantage of it and instead banged their heads against the spiked balls , and became frustrated .
As a result we slowed down the speed of the lava even more with further patches .
While we are not believers in automatic difficulty adjustments , we will most likely consider some alternative approaches to difficulty levels in the future .
Even something as simple as detecting player deaths and then changing the difficulty accordingly would have been much better and guaranteed a better experience for many gamers .
It 's also worth noting that to this day , many gamers still think the last level of the game is too hard , because their own experience does not reflect the game in the post - patches stage .
Some in fact think we made it harder , because we added a few skeletons into the mix to spice it up , and this is easier to notice than the adjusted speed of the lava .
This kind of inaccurate word of mouth does not change easily , and further emphasizes how important it is to get things right before launch .
( And of course , making matters worse as of this writing is that the North American PSN version still features the original , tough - as - nails last level , although there are finally plans to have the patch released . )
In the future we 'll definitely want to have the last levels made a bit earlier in the production and modify the difficulty afterwards , instead of pushing it to the end of the project .
We will also focus more on bosses and such memorable events -- gamers and reviewers seem to have an innate need for " bosses " , at least in certain game genres , and it would help to fulfill those expectations .
5 . Leaving online multiplayer out of the game
Trine , like our earlier games , features an offline co-op mode for up to three players and it is considered one of the best aspects of the game .
It changes the gameplay drastically , especially in three player co-op , where players truly have to work together -- and often a certain amount of hilarious mishaps are bound to happen .
So why do we get hundreds of negative emails and forum posts about co-op ?
Because it 's not online .
Gamers these days expect that co-op means " online " by default , and are sorely disappointed when they find out that Trine does not have any online multiplayer features .
Not having online multiplayer has been the biggest criticism against our games since day one , and it all goes back to 2002 when we were working on a realtime strategy game concept and made a decision not to pursue online / LAN features in favor of faster development times .
The same code base has been used in all of our games since , including Trine .
As layers and layers of new code have been added to the engine , the cost estimate of adding online multiplayer has always increased with each project , and it became very hard to justify the additional cost of rewriting the game engine -- or rather , getting enough money to complete both the rewrite and whatever game we had in production .
While this decision has been a key factor in our ability to ship any games at all , it is hard not to dream of a time machine .
A little bit more forward - planning in 2002 would have gone a long way .
It 's easy to fall into the " oh it 's just a prototype , it does n't have to be good " mentality , but if things do n't go to plan and the project does n't bring in the money everybody is expecting , the prototype will end up being used in more projects because it 's cheaper and faster .
Trine probably could have doubled its sales and success had online co-op been included .
Conclusion
Trine as a game turned out great .
Trine as a project was a big mess -- a series of unfortunate events that ended up just shy of miserable failure .
But we got the game done and at the end of the day it 's the game that counts .
Many of the business issues and other hardships we went through during the project did not affect the final game at all .
We were -- and still are -- very proud of Trine and what we accomplished .
And it 's not just us .
Trine got good review scores ( Metacritic 80 and 83 ) and great feedback from gamers .
Many have even said said that Trine is the best game they have played in a long time and it refueled their passion for games .
It does n't get much better than that .
Bittersweet as it is to think about all the lost potential , there is no denying that Trine is the project that has catapulted Frozenbyte into a new stratosphere , and the great player feedback and reasonably good sales remind us of this .
With more experience under our belt and a full code rewrite in progress , the next project will go without a hitch and right all wrongs .
Right ?
Facts
Developer : Frozenbyte
Publishers : Frozenbyte ( PC online ) / Nobilis Games ( PSN EU & US , PC EU ) / SouthPeak Games ( PC US ) / Square Enix Downloadable Games ( PSN JPN )
Release Dates : July 2 , 2009 ( PC online ) , July - August , 2009 ( PC retail EU ) , September 10 , 2009 ( PC retail US ) , September 17 , 2009 ( PSN EU ) , October 22 , 2009 ( PSN US ) , March 31 , 2010 ( PSN JPN )
Platforms : PC online , PC retail , PlayStation Network
Number of Developers : 3 at start , 16 at peak / end
Length of Development : 18 months
Budget : 850,000 euros
Lines of Code ( Game ) : 298,000
Lines of Code ( Engine and earlier games ) : 426,000
Main Development Tools : MS Visual Studio 2005 , PhotoShop CS2 , LightWave 9 , Hansoft
Lines of code in the shipped game that include comment lines with " hack " or " todo " : 1438
Outsiders who tested the last level before release : 1
Get the best dating app for singles to find a match based on who you really are and what you love .
Try virtual dating to meet new people and stay social from home .
Great dates come from great connections - that ’s why OkCupid shows off who you are beyond a photo .
Find love based on what makes you , well , you - because you deserve it .
💕 WHAT PEOPLE ARE SAYING 💕
“ Want to have ‘ hell yes ’ first dates ?
OkCupid is the perfect wingman . ” - Huffington Post
“ OkCupid may be the OG of dating sites , but that does n’t mean it ’s done innovating . ” - Glamour
“ OkCupid is giving you a chance to really connect with someone … ” - Elite Daily
OkCupid is n’t just another online dating website .
Our free dating app helps you meet singles , connect , chat or have a deep conversation through our one - of - a - kind messaging system .
Focus on the connections and relationships you ’re interested in , without the ones you ’re not .
Virtual dating can help you find love even when you ’re at home .
OkCupid can help you connect and chat with singles near you , then you can take your meetings to video chats , calls and more until you can meet .
OkCupid can help you find someone special , whether you want casual dating , marriage , or just to find love – YOU choose what matters , With unique questions that allow you to match with people with similar interests and receive a personalized compatibility % , we ’re here to help you find your next relationship .
Love does n’t discriminate , and neither does OkCupid .
If you 're gay , lesbian , nonbinary or do n't fit into any one label , OkCupid can help you find love too .
You can even set your pronouns at registration !
Find love , build connections and go on great dates with OkCupid !
Download now !
OKCUPID FEATURES
💕ONLINE DATING APP 💕
• Build a dating profile that highlights what matters to you
• Answer unique questions so OkCupid can find you dates you 're compatible with
• Set dating preferences , whether you 're straight , gay or anything in - between
💕MATCH , CONNECT AND MEETUP 💕
• Meet people and chat with our unique messaging system
• Virtual dating for singles staying home
• Local dating features help you meet people nearby
• Plan a virtual date night or future coffee meet over the app
💕 DATING APP UPGRADE 💕
OkCupid is absolutely free to download and use , but we offer an optional premium subscription that unlocks exclusive features .
Additional features to our free dating app include :
• See who likes you without having to like them first
• Search singles with advanced filters and additional options
• Enjoy OkCupid ad - free
Meet singles and find a great connection – download OkCupid today !
Recent changes :
- Some new design tweaks and speed improvements
Get the best dating app for singles to find a match based on who you really are and what you love .
Try virtual dating to meet new people and stay social from home .
Great dates come from great connections - that ’s why OkCupid shows off who you are beyond a photo .
Find love based on what makes you , well , you - because you deserve it .
💕 WHAT PEOPLE ARE SAYING 💕
“ Want to have ‘ hell yes ’ first dates ?
OkCupid is the perfect wingman . ” - Huffington Post
“ OkCupid may be the OG of dating sites , but that does n’t mean it ’s done innovating . ” - Glamour
“ OkCupid is giving you a chance to really connect with someone … ” - Elite Daily
OkCupid is n’t just another online dating website .
Our free dating app helps you meet singles , connect , chat or have a deep conversation through our one - of - a - kind messaging system .
Focus on the connections and relationships you ’re interested in , without the ones you ’re not .
Virtual dating can help you find love even when you ’re at home .
OkCupid can help you connect and chat with singles near you , then you can take your meetings to video chats , calls and more until you can meet .
OkCupid can help you find someone special , whether you want casual dating , marriage , or just to find love – YOU choose what matters , With unique questions that allow you to match with people with similar interests and receive a personalized compatibility % , we ’re here to help you find your next relationship .
Love does n’t discriminate , and neither does OkCupid .
If you 're gay , lesbian , nonbinary or do n't fit into any one label , OkCupid can help you find love too .
You can even set your pronouns at registration !
Find love , build connections and go on great dates with OkCupid !
Download now !
OKCUPID FEATURES
💕ONLINE DATING APP 💕
• Build a dating profile that highlights what matters to you
• Answer unique questions so OkCupid can find you dates you 're compatible with
• Set dating preferences , whether you 're straight , gay or anything in - between
💕MATCH , CONNECT AND MEETUP 💕
• Meet people and chat with our unique messaging system
• Virtual dating for singles staying home
• Local dating features help you meet people nearby
• Plan a virtual date night or future coffee meet over the app
💕 DATING APP UPGRADE 💕
OkCupid is absolutely free to download and use , but we offer an optional premium subscription that unlocks exclusive features .
Additional features to our free dating app include :
• See who likes you without having to like them first
• Search singles with advanced filters and additional options
• Enjoy OkCupid ad - free
Meet singles and find a great connection – download OkCupid today !
Recent changes :
- Some new design tweaks and speed improvements
Show full description
Hide full description
As I wrote in a previous post , Delphi string , dynamic array and memory manager do n't like multi-core CPU .
My proposal is to add a threadlocalvar keyword , to be used instead of var in your code , to mark some variables to be used in only the current thread .
Then the compiler and RTL wo n't have to use the LOCK instruction , and the application will be MUCH faster in multi- thread environment .
I made this proposal in both the Embarcadero forum and in the FreePascal forum .
So what about using a threadlocalvar new reserved word , in a threadvar way , which could define the variable ( string , dynamic array ) to be accessed by the current thread only , and wo n't have any LOCK call ?
My guess is that any server thread uses mostly such local variables ( e.g. for string concatenation of XML or HTML stream ) , and do n't need the thread safe approach most of the time .
It could lead into confusion some Delphi users / beginners ... perhaps it 's worth noting that the threadvar itself does exist for years ( since Delphi 1 I guess ) , but is used only by those how need this feature .
If you need it , you use it .
Otherwise you ignore it , and your application will be slower in some cases , but wil work .
For some CPU intensive applications , like multi - thread servers , it should be a great improvement to have such a threadlocalvar at hand .
Note 1 : the threadvar implements one variable instance per thread , and the threadlocalvar should implements one variable instance for the current thread only .
Note 2 : any threadlocalvar could be assigned to a normal var , when a multi - thread safe variable is needed ( e.g. for communication between threads ) : in this case , it will be a direct write , not a copy on write .
Copy on write would be enabled between threadlocalvar , of course , for better performance .
Note 3 : it 's up to the programmer to take care of the multi - thread approach , but writing threadlocalvar ( so many characters to type ! ) will prevent for doing it without knowing it .
This could be something like that :
function TServer .ComputePage : string ; threadlocalvar tmp : string ; // differs from var tmp : string i : integer ; // i is defined as threadlocalvar , but is the same as normal var begin for i := 0 to high ( ListStr ) do // ListStr[ ] is a dynamic array tmp := tmp+ListStr[i]+#13#10 ; // very fast computation , without LOCK result := tmp ; // copy from local heap to global heap end ;
To implement this at the compiler and RTL level , we could use reference count < = - 2 for these variables ( - 1=const , - 2=ref 0 , - 3=ref 1.. ) .
The RTL ( i.e. system .pas unit ) should be modified as such , for example for handling a threadlocalvar string reference counting add :
function _LStrAddRef ( var str ) : Pointer ; var P : PStrRec ; begin if Integer ( str ) <> 0 then begin P := Pointer ( Integer ( str ) - sizeof ( StrRec ) ) ; if P.refcnt >= 0 then Interlocked Increment ( P.refcnt ) else // slow multi - thread safe reference count if P.refcnt < - 1 then // - 1 for const dec( P.refcnt ) ; // -2,-3... for threadlocalvar end ; Result := Pointer ( str ) ; end ;
And a local threadheap should be implemented for such threadlocalvar , with threadlocalgetmem ( ) and such functions .
Another possibility should be do add a " threadlocal " attribute for types , to be used for local variables and properties :
TServer = class public ListStr : threadlocal array of string ; ...
In this case , the method above should begin with :
function TServer .ComputePage : string ; var tmp : threadlocal string ; // differs from var tmp : string ....
But this threadlocal attribute syntax sounds a bit not " pascalish " , whereas the threadlocalvar does ( it sounds like the treadvar feature ) ... another idea ?
7/13/2011 New Book on Intelligence ' Failures ' before 9/11 Published 9/11 Timeline contributor Kevin Fenton has recently published an investigation into the intelligence failures before 9/11 .
Disconnecting the Dots is the most detailed examination of actions taken by the CIA , FBI and NSA in the run-up to the attacks yet published .
The book shows that a small group of people centered on the CIA ’s bin Laden unit , Alec … More
4/12/2010 Miscellaneous New Entries - Updates as of April 12 , 2010 Several miscellaneous new entries have been added to the 9/11 Timeline over the past few weeks .
In the period before 9/11 , we have a 1989 Rand Corporation paper that said the possibility of suicide plane hijackings was a “ nightmare , ” military claims that the number of alert air bases was inadequate to protect against terrorism from around 1997 , … More
3/16/2010 War Games , Blackwater , KSM - Updates as of March 16 , 2010
The largest group of entries added to the 9/11 Timeline over the last couple of weeks concerns military exercises and the day of 9/11 .
FAA training exercises in December 2000 included scenarios “ close to the 9/11 plot , ” and there was a Boeing 767 FAA hijack exercise in the summer of 2001 , as well as a simulated suicide terrorist attack against New York … More
3/2/2010 Miscellaneous - Updates as of March 2 , 2010 Several miscellaneous entries have been published in the 9/11 Timeline over the last couple of weeks .
In the late 1990s , Air Force General Richard Myers thought NORAD ’s radar system and control software inadequate , whereas Deputy Under Secretary of Defense for Advanced Technology Joseph Eash was concerned about the use of a plane as a weapon over the same …
More
2/15/2010 Al - Zawahiri's Tapes , Air Security - Updates as of February 15 , 2010
Most of the entries published over the last couple of weeks are about video and audio messages released by al - Qaeda second - in - command Ayman al - Zawahiri .
We have a call for jihad in Somalia from January 2007 , a request for media questions from December of that year , and a call for revenge for Israeli attacks in Gaza the following March .
This was followed by his answers …
More
2/3/2010 DC
Air National Guard on 9/11 , The Many Deaths of Osama bin Laden - Updates as of February 3 , 2010 After a hiatus of a couple of weeks , dozens of new entries have been published in the 9/11 Timeline over the last few days .
The largest chunk of them covers events at the DC Air National Guard , based at Andrews Air Force Base , on the day of the attacks .
Initially , officers assumed that the first crash into the WTC was an accident .
However , after the second crash , … More
12/15/2009 Pre -9/11 Movies - Additions to the 9/11 Timeline as of December 15 , 2009
Three entries recently published in the 9/11 Timeline cover films with 9/11 - style themes made before the attacks .
1977 ’s Black Sunday had terrorists crashing an explosive - laden blimp into the Superbowl stadium , 1996 ’s Executive Decision featured a planned suicide attack with a commercial jet , and a late 2001 Chuck Norris vehicle originally entitled …
More
12/12/2009 Minor Reorganisation of 9/11 Timeline
There has been a minor reorganization of the 9/11 Timeline , which is explained at the contributors ’ blog , here .
Image caption Mr Cameron opposes changing the voting system
David Cameron will campaign against changing the voting system , his spokesman said , in a referendum expected next May .
His spokesman said the PM would be asked his view and " clearly his view is that he 's not in favour of it " .
An agreement to hold a referendum on changing the voting system to the " alternative vote " ( AV ) was a key part of the Tory - Lib Dem coalition deal .
But it must go through Parliament where many Tory and Labour MPs oppose AV .
The BBC understands a referendum on changing from the current first - past - the - post system to AV is planned for 5 May 2011 - a date expected to be confirmed at cabinet on Tuesday .
A Referendum Bill is expected this autumn .
Opposite sides
It would mean the referendum is held on the same day as the Scottish parliament and Welsh assembly and English local elections .
ANALYSIS
It may seem odd that the date of 5 May should be so crucial - but for Nick Clegg it is a major victory .
It significantly strengthens his own position and the prospects for the coalition holding together .
The great fear in Lib Dem circles was that the AV referendum would be booted off into the long grass by a Conservative Party that regards voting reform as an unwelcome distraction .
A vote on 5 May gives Lib Dems certainty - a definite time scale for achieving what most regard as the single most important concession wrung out of David Cameron in the coalition agreement .
The hope too is that , because 5 May coincides with local , Scottish and Welsh elections , it will boost the chances of a " yes " vote by bolstering turnout .
It also gives Nick Clegg the opportunity to campaign against the Conservatives and so underline his party 's independence and demonstrate to anxious supporters that it has not become an annexe of the Conservative Party .
Send us your comments
Mr Cameron 's spokesman said on Friday that the referendum commitment was " central to the coalition government 's programme " .
But he said : " He will be campaigning against AV .
I can't predict precisely how the campaign will unfold but clearly he is going to be asked his views during that campaign and he will make them clear .
" His view is that he is not in favour of it . "
Mr Cameron suggested to the Sunday Times last month he would not play an active role in the " no " campaign adding : " I will have other things to do as well . "
Most Conservative
MPs are against a change to AV - but they will be expected to vote for the referendum bill as it was a key component of the coalition deal with the Liberal Democracts , who do want it .
Tory MPs will then be free to campaign against AV in the referendum .
The Conservatives argue the existing first - past - the - post system guarantees strong , stable government , while Lib Dems argue it is unfair on smaller parties and allows candidates to be elected on the support of only a minority of constituents .
Under the proposed AV system , voters rank candidates in order of preference .
Anyone getting more than 50 % in the first round is elected , otherwise the candidate with the fewest votes is eliminated and voters ' second choices allocated to those remaining .
This process continues until a winner emerges .
The Lib Dems would prefer a different voting system - the Single Transferable Vote - which they believe is a more proportional system than AV .
But speaking before the general election , Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg told the Independent : " AV is a baby step in the right direction - only because nothing can be worse than the status quo . "
' Great sway '
Conservative MP
Daniel Kawczynski , chairman of the all - party group for the promotion of first - past - the - post , said he would campaign " vigorously " against AV but would not vote against holding a referendum .
But he said he would " love " David Cameron to campaign against AV in the build - up to the vote : " I think he would hold great sway in such a referendum . "
I believe that next year we will move , I think , to a more progressive politics and the coalition government will be stronger as a result Simon Hughes , Lib Dem deputy leader
Conservative MP
Bernard Jenkin will be another leading figure in the " no " campaign but told the BBC he would vote for a referendum in the Commons , as he believed Conservative MPs were " morally obliged " to do so , because of the coalition deal .
However , he said he was " astonished " at the proposed date - that of the Scottish Parliament and Welsh Assembly elections : " It 's clearly an attempt to stoke the turnout in areas of the country that already have different voting systems where , I presume , they think there will be less resistance to change to the UK system . "
Lib Dem deputy leader Simon Hughes , who wants electoral reform , said he believed it was a " campaign that can be won " .
' We will win '
" I believe that next year we will move , I think , to a more progressive politics and the coalition government will be stronger as a result . "
Asked if the Lib Dems would leave the coalition if they lost the referendum , he said : " I think we will win it . "
It is not my party 's job to prop up the Liberal Democrats by helping them win a referendum that is important to them Andy Burnham , Labour leadership contender Vote referendum plan for May 2011
It is thought the referendum will be linked to Conservative plans to change constituency boundaries which they say will make seats more " equal " - Labour say the plans are designed to eliminate their smaller inner-city seats .
Labour leadership candidates David Miliband and Ed Balls say they support AV - but not if it means what they see as " gerrymandering " .
Mr Miliband said he would back a referendum , but not if it meant reducing the number of constituencies : " What 's very important is that we do n't confuse a good proposal to ensure every MP has 50 % of the vote with a Tory - Liberal Democrat plan to gerrymander the British constitution by reducing the number of Labour seats . "
His leadership rival Ed Balls said he was concerned that the government was " choosing to push this through " alongside boundary changes .
Mr Miliband 's brother Ed , another leadership candidate , also said he " strongly " supported the case for introducing AV " to ensure greater fairness for voters and greater legitimacy for our MPs " .
But another leadership candidate , shadow health secretary Andy Burnham , told the Guardian : " It is not my party 's job to prop up the Liberal Democrats by helping them win a referendum that is important to them . "
The remaining candidate , Diane Abbott , did not comment about the referendum .
Campaign group the Electoral Reform Society welcomed the news as " a real chance for change " .
Scientists convening at the annual Association for Tropical Biology and Conservation ( ATBC ) meeting in Sanur , Bali urged Indonesia ’s leaders to strengthen measures to protect the country ’s biologically - rich ecosystems .
In a resolution issued on the final day of the five - day conference , ATBC commended Indonesia for recent moves to protect forests , including a pledge to cut illegal logging and a billion dollar partnership with Norway to reduce deforestation and forest degradation , but asked the government to immediately implement a planned moratorium on new forestry concessions on peatlands and primary forest lands .
The moratorium , which is part of the partnership with Norway , is scheduled to go into effect in 2011 , but environmentalists fear the delay provides a window for large - scale granting of sensitive for lands to plantation developers and loggers .
The resolution also urges the government to “ ensure that any further expansion of plantations is restricted to lands without standing forests ” , asks for a review of all existing concessions in natural forest areas to assess the impact of conversion on biodiversity and climate , calls for safeguards to protect rights of forest people , and recommends reinstatement of the 2007 ban on peat forest clearing that was rescinded in 2009 .
Noting that forest fires increased 59 percent between 2008 and 2009 , the resolution urges authorities to step up efforts to monitor and fight land - clearing fires .
Draining and clearing of peat forest in Central Kalimantan ( May 2009 ) .
Photo by Rhett A. Butler .
“ No nation on Earth is losing forest faster than Indonesia — at a rate of roughly 1.5 million hectares a year , ” said Frans Bongers , President of the ATBC , in a statement .
“ This is one of the most serious environmental threats we face anywhere . ”
Deforestation and degradation of peatlands and forests accounts for the bulk of Indonesia ’s greenhouse gas emissions and present a major threat to its biodiversity , which on an area - adjusted scale ranks the highest of any country on Earth .
Several of Indonesia ’s best known and most charismatic species — including orangutans , pygmy elephants , and Sumatran rhinos and tigers — have suffered precipitous population declines as a result of habitat loss .
Today logging and establishment of timber and oil palm plantations are the biggest drivers of deforestation in Indonesia .
But there are signs of hope .
Indonesia recently announced plans to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by up to 41 percent by projected 2020 levels provided it receive support for the international community .
Accordingly , Norway , the United States , and Australia have now committed substantial sums to get the process underway .
Billions of dollars could come in the form of compensation for reducing deforestation and degradation under the proposed REDD mechanism .
Supporters say REDD offers the potential to make forest conservation an economically viable form of land use in some areas as well as ease the transition to a low carbon economy .
Rainforest in Sulawesi
The ATBC resolution recognizes this progress , applauding the government ’s initial efforts to increase transparency in the forestry sector , control illegal logging , and establish an independent forest monitoring body .
“ It ’s especially encouraging that illegal logging in Indonesia–which has been rampant in the last decade–is finally starting to decline , ” William Laurance , co-chair of the ATBC Conservation Committee , told mongabay.com .
“ In framing the Bali Declaration we ’ve tried to highlight the positive things happening in Indonesia today , as well as the challenges , ” he continued , noting that the timber and oil palm lobbies are already lining up to oppose some of the proposed conservation measures .
“ Would n’t it be remarkable if President Yudhoyono could sharply slow forest disruption in Indonesia , despite all the challenges he ’ll face ?
I think he’d be regarded as a global hero for this . ”
THE BALI DECLARATION Unequivocal Support for Recent Forest - Conservation Initiatives in Indonesia Whereas , the Republic of Indonesia sustains some of the richest biological and cultural diversity of any nation on Earth , distributed across an archipelago of over 17,000 islands that span both the Asian and Australasian biogeographic regions ; and Whereas , a great many Indonesian species are confined to just one or a few nearby islands , and therefore occur nowhere else on earth ; and Whereas , biologists are still encountering many species in Indonesia that are entirely new to science , indicating that much of the nation ’s biodiversity is yet to be discovered and that the conservation status and distribution of many other species are poorly known ; and Whereas , the high pace of forest destruction in Indonesia , averaging some 2 - 2.5 million hectares annually from 1996 to 2005 , has led to the degradation , fragmentation , and loss of critical ecosystems and livelihoods , especially in species - rich lowland forests , as a result of unsustainable logging , land conversion , forest fires , overharvesting , and other environmental stresses ; and Whereas , forest loss and degradation has imperiled many Indonesian animal and plant species , including over 100 mammal species classified by the IUCN as being threatened or endangered , such as the Javan and Sumatran Rhinoceros , Asian Elephant , Tiger , and Orangutan ; and Whereas , the rapid destruction and degradation of forests , peat swamps , wetlands , and other habitats is also a major source of atmospheric carbon emissions , contributing significantly to global warming and climatic change .
Therefore , be it resolved that the Association for Tropical Biology and Conservation ( ATBC ) , the world ’s largest scientific organization devoted to the study and wise use of tropical ecosystems , on the occasion of its 2010 International Meeting in Bali , Indonesia : Heartily commends H. E. President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono for his innovative and forward - thinking efforts to promote forest conservation , combat illegal logging , and improve forest monitoring and governance in Indonesia , which have led to illegal logging reportedly declining by 50 - 75 % since 2002 ; and
Congratulates the Government of Indonesia on the agreement initiated by H. E. President Yudhoyono and the Government of Norway to reduce dangerous carbon emissions by funding up to $ 1 billion in forest - conservation and monitoring initiatives , thereby complementing ongoing efforts to slow deforestation and strengthen protected areas in the country ; and
Gratefully acknowledges the inspiring address of H. E. Vice President Boediono to the ATBC in Bali , which highlighted the nation ’s efforts to promote sustainable development ; and
Respectfully urges the Indonesian government to implement and maintain the planned two - year moratorium on issuance of new permits for timber , oil palm , and other plantation concessions ; to implement this planned moratorium immediately ; and to ensure that any further expansion of plantations is restricted to lands without standing forests ; and
Respectfully requests that all concessions to clear natural forest issued prior to the moratorium be carefully re-evaluated for their biodiversity and carbon values ; and
Strongly recommends that the Indonesian government reinstate the 2007 ban on clearing of peat forests that was rescinded in 2009 , because of the high carbon - storage value of these wetlands ; and
Respectfully urges the Indonesian government to renew and strengthen its efforts to combat destructive forest fires , which increased by 59 % between 2008 and 2009 ; and
Specifically recommends that efforts to reduce deforestation be immediately concentrated in existing and emerging ‘ hotspots ’ of forest conversion , such as central Sumatra , East and West Kalimantan , and West Papua ; and
Encourages the Government of Indonesia to effectively protect and manage sites of high biodiversity value , including existing protected areas and new conservation initiatives such as the transnational Heart of Borneo program and Ecosystem Restoration forest concessions ; and
Unequivocally applauds the Government ’s plan for an independent organization to be established in Indonesia to monitor forests , land use , and compliance with the nation ’s new and ongoing forest - conservation initiatives in a fully transparent manner ; and
Especially urges that free and prior informed consent be obtained from Indigenous Peoples for conservation actions and that benefits from the Indonesia - Norway initiative be equitably distributed to all stakeholders , including local communities and Indigenous Peoples , according to best international practice ; and
Fully congratulates the Indonesian Government in this International Year of Biodiversity for its inspiring commitments to markedly reduce forest loss and degradation , and to diminish its annual carbon emissions by at least 26 % by the year 2020 .
Related articles
Penn Jillette on Work , Atheism , Existentialism and Liberty Posted by Pile ( 12963 views ) [ E - Mail link ] [ Pundits ]
[ Sociology ]
Penn Jillette gives one of his most honest and insightful interviews yet , discussing a number of interesting topics ...
this guy does n't make much sense .
Posted by huh ? on 2010 - 07 - 19 00:23:13 the US used force to take North American from the Native Americans , etc ... so now he 's against force ?
huh makes no sense ..
Posted by moronbreaker on 2010-07-31 03:13:34
Your statement is asinine since he had nothing to do with native americans being driven off land ... its past your bedtime .
Posted by dd on 2010-09-02 07:57:13
Penn is dishonest as all hell , typical rich man wanting to get richer .
Name : ( change name for anonymous posting ) Title : Comments : 1 Article displayed .
This is Cecilia Tan 's second report from the Launch Pad Workshop , where scifi writers attend classes taught by scientists .
In this installment , she talks about the most common misconceptions that scifi writers have about space travel .
Advertisement
The annual Launch Pad workshop is wrapping up for the year , and 15 science fiction writers and editors are metaphorically coming back to Earth after a week among the white dwarfs , planetary nebulae , and pulsars of our universe .
The NASA - funded workshop 's purpose is to educate the public about space science by educating fiction writers on the " right stuff . "
Guest instructor Kevin Grazier works on the Cassini mission at Jet Propulsion Lab and is also a science advisor on Battlestar Galactica and Eureka .
He debunked several of the prevailing misconceptions that sci- fi repeatedly gets wrong .
1 . In space , you 'd pop !
You 've just kicked the bad guy out the airlock and can't wait for the vacuum of space to explode him like a tomato in a microwave , right ?
Sorry to disappoint you , but it 'll take two minutes for him to suffocate , but he wo n't pop .
He 'll have burst blood vessels in his eyes , and if he held his breath he'd end up with some burst lung tissue , but that 'd be about it .
Advertisement
2 . If you get a hole in your hull , you 'll be sucked out into the vacuum instantly .
In fact , the force of the vacuum that does n't explode your villain also is n't strong enough to just suck you through a bullet hole in the hull .
In one episode of Battlestar Galactica , Starbuck shoots down a Cylon raider , then flies the Cylon craft back to Galactica , making it space - worthy by stuffing her flight jacket into the 3 - 4 " wide bullet hole .
At atmospheric pressure ( 14.7 pounds per square inch ) , the air inside the raider would exert about 180 lbs. of pressure on the jacket stuffed into the hole .
That 's about the size of a human being standing on it .
It 'd hold long enough for the return flight , assuming the flight jacket is not porous .
3 . In space , you 'd freeze like an icicle !
Okay , you think , so the vacuum of space is n't like a giant Hoover , but is n't it like a big Frigidaire ?
Space is really cold .
Could n't you airlock your villain and then have him smash into a million pieces against the side of the ship ?
Well , no .
Yes , space is cold , but because it 's a vacuum there 's not much stuff to radiate your heat away with .
Just like a steak thaws faster in water than in air ( even if the air is hot and the water cold ) , to make a shatterable villain - sickle you 'd have to immerse him in liquid nitrogen .
Just waiting for the vacuum of space to do it would take about a thousand years .
Advertisement
4 . The " point of no return " of a black hole could capture a starship .
An infamous episode of Star Trek Voyager has the ship struggling to escape from a black hole .
But the definition of the event horizon is it's the point at which ONLY something traveling faster than the speed of light could escape from the black hole .
Hey , guess what travels faster than light ?
Um , yeah .
Voyager .
Not much suspense there .
Advertisement
5. Spaceship battles will be full of laser and explosions !
A staple of movies and TV shows from Star Wars on up is the bright , noisy space battle , with colorful laser beams streaking across the sky and earth - shattering kabooms .
The thing is that with a vacuum , you wo n't hear the explosions , even if you 're in a ship with air .
The sound waves just wo n't travel through the vacuum .
Likewise , even a visible light laser wo n't be seen in the vacuum unless there is particulate matter ( like dust ) for the beam to bounce off .
Even in air , a laser pointer 's beam is n't visible , only the spot where it hits .
While we 're at it , you can't dodge a laser beam the way you can a bullet .
A bullet might travel fast , but it 's nothing compared to the speed of light !
Advertisement
Cecilia
Tan is a freelance writer and editor , and founder of Circlet Press .
Follow her personal experiences at Launch Pad on her blog .
Related links :
Kevin Grazier 's home page
Kevin Grazier at the Battlestar Wiki
Launch Pad home page
Launch Pad at Discover Magazine Blogs
Liveblogging Launch Pad 2010 by Rachel Swirsky
Startups are hard .
When you read the press you only read the glamorous bits .
You read about Mark Zuckerberg or the guys at FourSquare , Twitter or Zynga .
But that ’s a bit like reading about your state lottery winner and feeling bummed out because you have n’t won despite years of trying .
The reality is that most of you will never hit it BIG yet you ’ll lead fulfilled and productive lives .
Whether you choose to be happy or not is up to you .
Will you choose the dopeness or the wackness ?
( if you do n’t have the reference and want it you can click the image above )
Life is hard .
It ’s hard for everybody .
We all imagine that somebody else has it figured out yet when you meet the people who you think actually do have it all you find out that life is hard for everybody .
I point that out because one of my favorite quotes in the world ( and one I often repeat ) is that “ life is 10 % how you make it and 90 % how you take it . ”
It ’s not a recommendation that you do n’t have to put in effort to make your life better .
It ’s an acknowledgement that whatever the outcomes in your life you can choose to be happy or choose to be miserable .**
If you want some tips on small changes to make your daily routine more happy check out this post , “ Ten Tips for Being Happier . ”
I have a friend who I estimate is worth about $ 500 million .
I have another friend who ’s a billionaire .
We all used to spend a lot of time together .
I always regretted that the former lived this crazy life where he saw his kids less than I thought was right because he was always on an airplane in search of his next deal .
He was a bit of a deal junkie .
Yet what I think drove him more than anything was a sense that he was “ behind ” our other friend .
I live in complete bliss knowing that I likely wo n’t ever come even close to that level .
It ’s sort of liberating not feeling the need to even try .
But I have a wonderful family , a job I enjoy and a life for which I ’m grateful .
My life is n’t perfect — there ’s always something that I know I should be doing to make it better .
But I choose happiness .
And my main point is that I truly believe that happiness is just that — a choice .
Anyone who has ever been in the room when Tony Robbins is speaking will know what I mean .
You really can’t help but become pumped up when he ’s on stage .
I saw him speak at the Twitter conference last year in LA organized by the Parnassus Group .
He emphasized to the audience this point about choosing to be happy .
He said that if you smile more , hold your posture better , mentally FEEL more energized and choose to think happy thoughts you will actually be happier .
He took an entire audience of cynical tech people and brought our energy levels up 10 notches .
Maybe 100 .
It was awesome .
I ’ve always been blessed with the ability to see the glass as half full and I struggle with people who constantly see the wackness in everything .
It ’s tiring .
I do have patience for people who need a bit of reminding but not for people who are perpetually negative .
I choose not to work with people like that .
I ’ve always advised teams not to hire bad seeds on their teams .
Bad seeds affect everybody and bring the group ’s spirit ’s down .
I ’d far rather have somebody who performs at 90 % but has a great attitude than somebody who ’s a 100 % performer but negative .
Why is this all top of mind ?
I have a close family member with Parkinson ’s disease .
It ’s a constant struggle to get him to focus on all of the positive things in his life .
Every phone call turns into complaints about how he does n’t feel well .
I have sympathy .
But he ’s in his 70’s and has had a wonderful life .
He still has the ability to walk and he does n’t shake too badly .
He was diagnosed in his mid 60’s .
I keep thinking what Michael J. Fox would n’t have done for 30 extra year ’s of normalcy .
And somehow Michael J. Fox gets his chin up and accomplishes things .
So did Christopher Reeves .
And Bethany Hamilton ( the teenage surfer who lost her arm in a shark attack ) — how many people would have her positive attitude and keep surfing ?
How many would lead a life of “ poor me ? ”
My wife reads a blog every day that she loves ( and highly recommends to everybody ) called The Happiness Project by Gretchen Rubin .
She loves it and always has such great stories to tell me about the blog in the evenings when we talk about life .
Like how most people derive as much ( if not more ) happiness from planning fun things than from the actual act of doing them .
It ’s like travel — you get so excited to plan everything out and you love to show pictures of what you did afterward , but many people struggle to “ get into the moment . ”
That ’s OK as long as you find enjoyment in the before and / or after .
She also talks about how temporary the positive feelings are from great physical possessions that you acquire like a new car .
Happiness from getting things is ephemeral .
So happiness has to be a state of mind .
You need to constantly remind yourself to be happy whatever your life ’s circumstances .
I know that some people will think , “ sure , that ’s because he ’s a VC and lives a charmed life . ”
My life is no different than most people ’s .
I ’ve had many setbacks in life — probably more than many of you .
And I could n’t help but noticing the adversity in this article on NY Times interviewing Fred Wilson of Union Square Ventures :
“ Before the sale [ of Geocities ] , we were completely broke .
We had to move out of New York City because we just could n’t afford to live in the city .
We had three kids , and I was barely scraping by to pay the mortgage .
So you were essentially broke ?
Yes , completely .
Right before the Geocities sale went through , my wife went to the cash machine to buy groceries for the week and there was n’t any money in our bank account .
I told her to put groceries on the credit card because I knew we were going to sell Geocities the following week .
But before that happened , we were living hand to mouth . ”
According to the math from the post that would make Fred 38 when they sold Geocities — 38 when he was living “ hand to mouth . ”
Perhaps that ’s why to this day he still seems to have such good empathy with startup teams .
When you ’ve been through the struggle you appreciate it that much more in others .
I was in my late thirties before I had my first big exits also so I feel like I somehow also still have the mindset of somebody who has n’t acquired a little bit of wealth .
Yet I live in LA where there ’s ALWAYS somebody around you who has more .
You can never compare yourself by that yardstick or I promise you ’ll never be happy .
So remember whatever adversity you ’re facing , many of the people you admire today have struggled too .
We did n’t all have it easy .
We were n’t all born with a silver spoon in our mouths .
We did n’t all hit it big by 30 .
You can choose to be defeatist or to pull your socks up and try again — harder this time .
Enjoy the journey and not just the destination otherwise even when you arrive you may not find the happiness you were looking for , as I suspect my $ 500 million friend has not ( luckily for me he does n’t read blogs ! ;-) ) .
Read the book “ The Alchemist ” if you want a reminder about enjoying the journey .
Or read the magnificent book “ Eat , Pray , Love ” and follow the Italian mentality of “ Il Bel Far Niente ( The Joy of Doing Nothing ) ” .
And remember , whatever adversity you ’re facing — enjoy the journey .
Life is 10 % how you make it , 90 % how you take it .
_________________________________________
** Postscript Note : I have always believed that there are carve - outs to this rule for people with mental illnesses who do n’t completely control their minds .
I believe that the chemicals in some people ’s brains are hard - wired for unhappiness and that people fall on a scale of depression from severe to mild .
Medicine can help —
I ’ve seen in first hand in people with whom I ’m close .
I ’m not trying to be a blog about medicine or depression — I just wanted to acknowledge that for some people the advice in this post will be easier than it will be for others .
Andrés Duque–known to his Twitter and blog followers as Blabbeando– knew he was probably tweeting too much about the gay marriage vote in Argentina when Twitter cut him after only about three hours of translating the debate in the Argentina Senate .
But his twitter feeds , in Spanish and English , became the go - to sources for people in both the United States and Latin America following the historic 14 - hour debate and early morning vote in Buenos Aires with the Los Angeles Times and powerhouse gay blogs JoeMyGod and Towleroad taking notice .
Duque–who tweets at @ Blabbeando for his English - language followers and @NoticiasLGBT in Spanish–began tweeting translations of the debate after Joe Jervis at JoeMyGod posted a link to the live debate .
“ I was sitting and watching and figured , why not ? ” Duque told Mediaite .
“ I ’d been writing and thinking a lot about gay marriage in Argentina and I saw that a lot of people were having trouble following the debate , so I decided to jump in . ”
Staying up all night and providing play - by - play , Duque said he started getting many followers and retweets and he knew that he was one of the few people doing significant coverage of the vote in the U.S. and in Argentina .
He quickly jumped on the #matrimoniogay hashtag and his tweet after the vote– #ARG MARRIAGE EQUALITY IS LAW IN ARGENTINA 33 - 27 # MatrimonioGay http://bit.ly/aTau1–has been retweeted almost 100 times .
Duque has found a citizen journalism niche in covering LGBT issues in the Latino community and in Latin America .
He says that his goal is n’t to be provocative , even if it drives hits , but instead just to provide information .
The former HIV / AIDS activist in New York City covers people like Ricky Martin , but also the immigration debate in the U.S. , Medellin , attending his first gay pride parade in Colombia , and the World Cup .
Unlike a lot of citizen journalists , Duque ’s focus is n’t on blogging .
Instead , he uses Twitter , Facebook , and YouTube to spread the news .
He has recently had success in translating videos and newsclips from Spanish to English .
Two videos from Argentina on gay marriage became viral sensations , all with translations and subtitles by Duque , landing on Andrew Sullivan and Dan Savage ’s blogs .
He has a new video out translating an announcement by Argentina ’s president Cristina Fernández de Kirchner defending her support of the gay marriage bill .
In the end , Duque says his goal is to “ be a part of driving the story ” and gaining more exposure for Latinos in the gay community and telling the stories of LGBT people throughout Latin America .
Have a tip we should know ?
[ email protected ]
A heartwarming tale of just deserts .
Now , I know what you 're thinking : Stroller - tipping sure looks like fun !
And you are not wrong ; but remember , it helps your case if the baby is acting like a tool .
You 're also wondering how high you could bounce a bottle off a baby 's noggin .
There is but one way to find out .
There are six categories in which family members can be sponsored for lawful permanent residence .
The process is document heavy .
If not done correctly , the process can be delayed and more serious issues can arise .
More importantly , not everyone is eligible to become legal citizens through a family member .
We can advise you as to whether you or your family member is eligible to legalize his or her status in the United States or will have to return to his or her home country to legalize .
Criminal arrests can be an especially serious problem for noncitizens .
You not only need a sound defense on the criminal case , you also need the advice of an experienced immigration lawyer to protect you from the separate risk of deportation .
To learn about the best ways to keep your criminal defense problem from interfering with your residence or immigration status , contact the Law Office of Cheryl R. David in New York City .
41 years ago today , Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin landed on the Moon .
Millions watched the grainy video and listened to the noisy sound from space .
Now , Stephen Slater and Footagevault have joined multiple camera feeds with restored audio :
The Apollo 11 Moon Landing Liveblog Apollo 11 Mission Commander Neil Armstrong and Lunar Module Pilot Buzz Aldrin are now on course to …
Read more
The result is a new view of the amazing events that took place on July 20 , 1969 , and a perfect excuse to watch it again ( not that I needed any excuse to watch any movie related to the Apollo program , mind you ) .
[ Footagevault ]
Advertisement
New research has linked the nation 's chronic disease burden with the absence of breastfeeding .
Thirty per cent of people aged between 35 and 40 were not breastfed as babies .
The Australian National University research assessed the outcomes of dozens of existing studies , with the aim of explaining what factors trigger chronic diseases such as diabetes , digestive diseases and heart problems .
Researcher Dr Julie Smith says she found adults who were prematurely weaned as infants are more likely to suffer in the long term , compared to those who were breastfed .
" The risk associated with lack of breastfeeding in infancy was 30 per higher for many conditions compared to breastfed infants , " she said .
Dr Smith says mothers need more support in hospital and the community .
She is challenging federal , state and territory governments to do more to ensure breastfeeding is a realistic choice for mothers .
" The universal health recommendation is around six months of exclusive breast feeding , " she said .
" With only half of women in Australia even making six months of breastfeeding , we have got a considerable way to go to make it possible for many women .
Sometimes that is about parental leave . "
If you liked this LP , you might also like Pokemon Quartz by Zorak , Pokemon Emerald by Crosspeice and Pokemon Crystal by Chorocojo
Table of Contents
Eepe
Em has provided a . txt file for all the discussions the thread had about coding .
If you 're interested in more of the internals of how early pokemons game work , here 's your fix !
WASHINGTON ( PAI )
–When politicians demand the public do something because of the dictates of financial markets , it is best to hold on to your wallet .
Back in September of 2008 , both GOP President George W. Bush and the Democratic leadership in Congress insisted that if we did not immediately hand over $ 700 billion to the banks , the whole financial system would grind to a halt .
The threat worked :
The banks got their $ 700 billion from Congress and much more from the Fed , with few questions asked .
As a result , Goldman Sachs , Citigroup and the rest are now as profitable as ever and once again paying out record bonuses to “ top performers . ”
If the market had been allowed to run its course , Goldman , Citigroup , Morgan Stanley and many other major banks would have been bankrupt , leaving shareholders and creditors out of luck and their top executives walking the unemployment lines .
There are reasons this outcome would have been undesirable for the economy as a whole , but there is a big difference between the TARP blank check and doing nothing .
If the politicians and their accomplices in the economics profession had not overwhelmed the public with fear , we could have ensured bankers suffered from the crisis they had themselves created .
With the banks back on their feet , the Wall Street crew and their “ amen chorus ” among economists are again feeling their oats .
They insist we have to put our hopes for economic recovery on the back burner .
Instead , we must focus on deficit reduction .
The reason is that we have to “ soothe financial markets . ”
Their claim is that if we do n’t act aggressively now to reduce the budget deficit then the “ bond vigilantes ” will start a run on U.S. debt just as they recently did to Greece .
This is supposed to make us so scared that we will accept large cuts in Social Security and other important programs .
There are three basic problems with this argument :
First , why on earth should anyone trust what the bankers ’ economist shills tell us ?
These people completely missed the $ 8 trillion housing bubble .
Is there any reason to believe their insight into financial markets is better today than it was two years ago ?
The second reason not to follow their advice is the financial markets them - selves do n’t necessarily reflect underlying reality in the economy .
Are we supposed to twist ourselves into knots over whatever is fashionable in financial markets this week ?
Suppose we structure our policies to make the markets happy this week and then next week the Wall Street ditz brains decide something else is now fashionable ?
This leaves us forever chasing Wall Street fads .
That is not a sound basis for economic policy .
The third reason not to take the deficit hawks ’ argument seriously is simply that it ’s bad economics .
The country needs deficit spending to sustain overall demand until private demand recovers from the collapse of the housing bubble .
This is basic logic — and the prestigious positions of many of the deficit hawks will not allow them to repeal the rules of logic .
Furthermore , the United States is not Greece , as all serious people know .
It has a huge economy that is still largely self - sufficient ( imports are only 16 % of GDP ) .
The idea the U.S. is about to experience a run on its debt is absurd on its face .
The Fed can and should buy the debt , if necessary .
Let ’s hear the deficit hawks say this will cause inflation .
With very few exceptions , they wo n’t dare make such an assertion because they know it is not true .
The deficit hawks are not concerned about national insolvency .
They are not worried about soaring inflation .
They are worried about how to take every last penny from ordinary workers and give it to the Wall Street crew .
That is what the TARP was about and this is what the latest crusade to reduce the deficit is all about .
Now they want to go after workers ’
Social Security because , as Federal Reserve Board Chairman Ben Bernanke said , “ That is where the money is . ”
( Was n’t there a famous American crook who uttered the same words — about why he robbed banks ? ) .
The fact workers paid for these benefits does n’t matter at all to the Wall Street crew .
So , if you feel like giving all your money to the Wall Street gang , then you should take the deficit hawks seriously .
But , if you think that people who are not Wall Street millionaires have rights too , then get out the pitchforks and send the deficit hawks and their economist accomplices running .
Dean Baker is co-director of The Center for Economic and Policy Research , an independent , nonpartisan think tank .
Photo : Ninety percent of the projected $ 9 trillion in deficits is due to Bush policies and the Bush economic collapse .
( Speaker Pelosi Flickr / CC )
At the Universal City Hilton Hotel in Universal City , California , the San Diego - based non-profit CADFY ( Californians for Drug Free Youth ) hosted community leaders who shared their “ professional ” and “ expert ” perspectives on the dangers of marijuana in California .
After reading the following quotes , you can decide for yourself the validity of their arguments about marijuana …
Key quotes from the event :
John Redman , Executive Director , Californians for Drug Free Youth :
CADFY ’s mission is to bring awareness to people about the issues of substance abuse to the people of California ; to change our neighborhoods so that drugs are no longer the common norm .
It is with great honor that I stand here today with leaders from all sectors of the community who share CADFY ’s dream of reducing substance abuse throughout California , particularly in regards to marijuana abuse .
There are two indelible truths in prevention :
One is that if you increase the availability of a drug you increase its use .
The second is if you lower the risk and perception of harm of that drug , you increase its use .
Legalizing marijuana does both .
And , therefore , how can kids say no when the adults around them are saying yes ?
Steve Cooley , Los Angeles County District Attorney :
This is not just a major public safety issue , this is a major public health issue .
What you see here today is a very broad and strong coalition of individuals and institutions who strongly oppose the legalization of drugs in general and marijuana is included in that category .
We ’re going to send a message and make it resoundingly clear , that these sort of foolish and dangerous initiatives that endanger our society and diminish it are going to be rejected .
The “ legalizers ” who are very well entrenched , sometimes very well funded who are behind this , George Soros and his ilk , must be sent a message : enough is enough .
Keep your dangerous laws off of California ’s law books .
Stop endangering us .
Leroy Baca , Sheriff , Los Angeles County Sheriff ’s Department :
We have enough carnage on our highways as it stands with drinking and driving with alcohol and now we want marijuana to join in with the process of destruction ?
That ’s probably the biggest point I can make .
We ’re looking at the degeneration of our future society by exposing our children to a foolish law that will lead to further self - destruction and the ultimate limitation of the future of a great nation and the future of humanity .
Gil Kerlikowske , Director of the Office of National Drug Control Policy :
Marijuana is not a cure - all for any budget woes anywhere — and we know that the costs that are incurred daily with alcohol in this country are not even off - set to the slightest in the amount of taxes that are collected .
So , whether it ’s the criminal justice costs , lost productivity , healthcare costs around alcohol , those taxes do n’t begin to pay for that .
Legalizing marijuana would saddle the government with the dual burden of regulating a new legal market while continuing to pay for the negative side - effects that are associated with an underground market .
Any action that would make marijuana more accessible would jeopardize the health and safety of all Americans .
Nate Holden , former California State Senator , former LA City Councilman ( Ret. ) :
What about the ( drug ) cartels that have now migrated to the north to the U.S. ?
They are shipping their drugs , tons of marijuana into our state .
You think they are going to leave and they are not going to come in and protect their investment ?
They are here to stay , and they are going to destroy our society if we let them .
We are going to fight them and we are not going to let them destroy us .
Joe Stewart , Executive Director , California Narcotics Officers Association :
If the ( Tax Cannabis 2010 ) initiative passes , transportation companies would be powerless to prevent employees who had tested positive from driving buses or taxis .
Imagine your child being on a school bus driven by someone who has tested positive for being under the influence of marijuana .
If this initiative passes , even inmates in prisons and county jails will be permitted to possess marijuana .
Bishop Ron Allen , President of the International Faith Based Coalition :
I had a good year in 2009 ; I only buried six youths related to drugs and drug overdoses .
I can certainly tell you , if marijuana is legalized it will be a dark day in the State of California .
If marijuana is legalized in the state of California , crime will increase , murder will increase .
If marijuana is legalized in my community , and is legalized in my world , and our youth have an opportunity to be able to use — we will see more drop - outs , we will see an increase of crime , and we will see more individuals hanging out on the corner — and I am seriously afraid we will lose generations to come .
Kathy Robi , Operations Council Chair and Spokesperson for MADD ( Mothers Against Drunk Driving ) :
It has been proven that even in small doses marijuana will impair a driver ’s ability to safely operate a motor vehicle .
By legalizing marijuana , it stands to reason that incidents of impaired driving from this drug would rise .
Widespread testing by police for marijuana in motorists would be difficult and costly in California .
In a recent report from the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration ( NHTSA ) , it was concluded that drugs played a large role in impaired driving .
That THC — marijuana — was the most largely detected drug .
Make no mistake , all mind - altering drugs , whether its alcohol or marijuana , have a devastating impact on our roadways .
If this legislation is passed , it will set traffic safety back years by the increased number of injuries and deaths caused by impaired drivers .
Alison Triessl , Co-Founder and CEO , Pasadena Recovery Center :
I am able to see , every day , the disastrous effects of addiction on our youth .
I can tell you that in almost every single case that we have , their addictions began with marijuana .
Bishop Dr. Henry B. Alexander , Founder and Presiding Bishop , Shield of Faith Fellowship :
We ’re concerned for our children as faith communities , whether Christian , Jewish , Muslim or some less prominent belief system .
One of our greatest concerns is the transmission of wisdom from our generation to the next .
Lupe Delgado , Ed.D , Assistant Superintendent , Educational Services , Los Angeles County Office of Education :
Students who have smoked marijuana more than 100 times leave schools six times more often than those who have not .
They enter college three times less frequently and graduate from college four times less often .
2012
Download foo_talktome v0.4
Download foo_talktome v0.5
Download foo_talktome.dll v0.5.1
Download foo_talktome.dll v0.6
Hello !
I 've just finished coding a working version of my first plugin , foo_talktome .
I wanted a plugin to read the title and artist of each track that played , because I often listen to music on my wireless headphones .
When I listen to my whole library or a group of new albums on random , this helps me remember who / what I liked .
Hopefully others will enjoy this too !
Before writing this I checked if it existed already , and I found foo_tts , written by paulski .
It seemed development on that had stopped , however , and there were even requests for a new version , so I went ahead with my little project .
Hopefully I 'm not stepping on any other devs ' toes with this !
( These links should be up - to - date ) Just put the dll in the Components directory and it should add a menu option ( under Playback ) to turn it off / on .[!-- sizeo:3--][ span style= \" font - size:12pt;line-height:100 % \ " ][!--/sizeo--][/size]--------------------------------------------------Thanks to danthe0 some major unicode - related bugs have been addressed .
Now you should be able to get this working with Asian characters / voices .
I am also now building with the latest SDK version , so you will need Foobar2000 v1.1 to use this component ( sorry !
if you need / want an older version please let me know - I may have it ) .
Thanks to everyone who uses this component , and especially those of you who contribute feedback , bug reports , and even code !
To celebrate these major changes / improvements , I am bumping the version number to 1.0 .
Along with this new version , I am officially announcing the code as open source .
The source has been up for a while , but I just realized I never made that announcement here .
Finally , my use of this plugin has diminished , hence the slowdown in development .
I know there is another TTS plugin out now , and it seems to have some really cool features .
However , I am happy to keep working on this if there is still interest in foo_talktome .
I am also interested in helping / working with other developers to create TTS or other interesting Foobar components - just PM me if you 'd like to work together on something .--------------------------------------------------Update!
September 7 , 2011
Hey everyone .
I 'm glad people are still getting use out of this plugin !
I halted development for a while because things seemed to be working pretty well , but I know there are some serious bugs out there still .
In order to keep up with everything , I 'd like to move development and issue tracking over to my Bitbucket repository :
There is a public wiki and issue tracker there , and you do n't need an account to post on the issue tracker ( though it 's better if you make one ) .
I 've added a few issues / feature requests from this thread to the system there , but I 'm sure I missed quite a few .
If you have an issue or feature request , please add it on the Bitbucket issue tracker .
This is also my first step toward releasing the source code for this plugin , just so the project can live on even if I become too busy to maintain it .
I 'm not quite ready to do that , though , as I 'm still a bit shy about my coding abilities .--------------------------------------------------June 22 , 2010 - OK , it took some playing around , but the new version seems to be working !
( Hopefully )
Fixed in this version : *
No more dll dependencies , everything should be statically linked ( Still figuring out dependency walker , but I hope it 's working ) *
Remembers the state on shutdown
Thanks again to everyone who has downloaded or shown interest in my plugin !
This has been a great learning experience for me so far .--------------------------------------------------June 28 , 2010 - A new version is released !
New features :* A preferences pane !*
You decide the speech formatting ( uses built - in Foobar2000 title formatting strings ) *
An option to pause playback while speakingI also tried to fix the 0 volume bug that was brought up .
I was never able to reproduce it , though , so I 'm not sure the changes worked .
I 've taken note of the other suggestions in this thread ( volume fading when speaking , announcing at the end of the song ... ) , and I will try to work on them over time , but implementation of some of them is not quite straightforward to me .
As far as other voices go , you can set the voice in the Windows speech control panel .
You can install other voices , but they tend to not be free and / or easy to find .
The voice engines from Neospeech have been recommended in this thread ( thanks ) .--------------------------------------------------July 01 , 2010 - Another new version is released !( I do n't know anything about version numbering and I felt I was approaching 1.0 much too quickly so I moved to a double - point system .
Why not ? )
Fixes / features :* Improved volume scaling - this was indeed a linear / logarithmic scale thing ( thanks ) .
Sadly the only reason I did n't do it properly the first time around is because I did n't have a pen or pencil handy .
I 'm pretty happy with the way it is now , but I may add another option to lower / boost the volume of the voice relative to the music if there is a lot of demand . *
Much bigger box for the speech formatting string .
Thankfor requesting this - I never would have thought of it otherwise .
Should accept 2048 characters or so now , hopefully that 's big enough .
Enjoy !--------------------------------------------------July 19 , 2010 Features :*
Now includes a volume - offset field in the preferences pane .
You can use a negative or a positive offset , input in dB.
Hopefully this is helpful for some people .
NOTE : For those of you that keep Foobar set at 0.0 dB attenuation ( max volume ) this will only help you make the TTS voice quieter .
At this point I can only control the volume of the synthesized voice .
If you want the voice louder relative to the music , try boosting your system volume , lowering your Foobar volume , and adding a positive volume offset in the TalkToMe preferences .
New studies show that as much as 40 percent of the ocean 's critical phytoplankton have disappeared .
Who wants to guess why that might be ?
But in the long - term , nothing predicted the numbers of phytoplankton better than the surface temperature of the seas .
Phytoplankton need sunlight to grow , so they ’re constrained to the upper layers of the ocean and depends on nutrients welling up from below .
But warmer waters are less likely to mix in this way , which starves the phytoplankton and limits their growth .
No doubt our crack media will either not report theses alarming trends .
Or they 'll resort to industry shills like Junkman Steve Milloy , one of many energy funded rentboys who regularly carpet bombs newspaper editorial pages with climate change disinformation , to present a ' balanced ' approach .
Speaking of skeptics and assorted ignoramuses , whatever became of all those clowns yelling about global cooling last winter ?
Oh , yeah :
An in - depth analysis of ten climate indicators all point to a marked warming over the past three decades , with the most recent decade being the hottest on record , according to the latest of the U.S. National Atmospheric and Oceanic Administration 's annual " State of the Climate " reports .
If the first studies are borne out , put them together with the latter and do the arithmetic .
Hint : Soylent Green is people .
For psychologists conducting relationship studies , it can sometimes be tricky getting a straight answer .
If you ask a participant how happy he is in a relationship , sometimes he may be in denial , just not want to open up to you ( ostensibly a complete stranger holding a clipboard ) , or may simply not truly know himself .
So , to circumvent this particular problem in the search for broader truths about romantic relationships , in a new study published in the journal Psychological Science a group of researchers from the University of Rochester decided to take a less direct approach : instead of asking participants directly , they asked them to play word association games .
The benefit of this tactic , the researchers write , is that :
“ In relationships that are functioning well , people may associate their partners with good things and not with bad things , but in deteriorating relationships , these associations may begin to reverse .
Both explicit and implicit evaluations can provide insight into relationship quality , but implicit evaluations may help researchers detect relationship deterioration independently of , or earlier than , explicit evaluations . ”
In other words , word association may convey something about the deterioration of a relationship before the people actually in that relationship are even consciously aware that the romance is starting to sour .
Or , at least that ’s the theory .
To test it out , the researchers recruited 222 people in romantic relationships .
In two experiments , participants were asked to complete a word - sorting exercise known as a “ partner - focused go / no - go association task ” or partner - GNAT .
Prior to beginning , they were asked to give three words about their partners — which could include their names , pet names or a word describing the partner .
They then watched a computer screen as three different types words flashed , positive words ( such as sharing or vacation ) , generic negative words ( such as accident or tragedy ) , or the words that they had supplied about their partners .
( Those participating in the second experiment saw positive and negative words that were more relationship - specific , such as understanding and accepting or attacking and criticizing . )
In each experiment , individuals participated in two phases : in the first , they were asked to press a button whenever they saw partner - related words and positive words ; in the second , they pressed the button whenever they saw partner - related words and negative words .
The researchers suggested that , in keeping with their theory , subjects who performed better on tasks associating their partner with bad things were more likely to be in struggling relationships , whereas those who excelled at exercises associating their significant other with good things were likely to be in stronger relationships .
To find out , they followed up with study participants one year later .
The researchers found that , as they ’d hypothesized , respondents who were better at the negative tasks were more likely to be broken up months later , while those who associated their partners with positive words were more likely to still be together .
The findings suggest that well before people are aware of the deterioration of their relationship , negative perceptions may already have seeped into their subconscious .
As the authors sum up :
“ Current theories suggest that ‘ positive illusions ’ — assessing a partner ’s traits more favorably than the partner does — are beneficial for long - term committed relationships and that the shattering of these ideal views ( as positive behaviors and feelings fade during day - to - day interactions ) contributes to relationship decay .
Implicit measures such as ours may offer early markers of such erosion . ”
Or , as Ronald Rogge , one of the study authors , said in a statement about the findings , “ [ The technique ] really is giving us a unique glimpse into how people were feeling about their partners — giving us information that they were unable or unwilling to report . ”
( CNN ) -- Diego Maradona 's contract as coach of the Argentine national soccer team will not be renewed , the spokesman for the Argentine Football Association ( AFA ) said Tuesday .
The decision was made unanimously by the association 's executive committee Tuesday afternoon , after a meeting Monday night between Maradona and the association 's president , Julio Grondona , said the spokesman Ernesto Cherquis Bialo .
Sergio Batista , currently coach of the Argentine national youth program and coach of the 2008 gold - medal winning Olympic team , will take over temporarily , Cherquis said .
Batista will coach the team for an August 11 friendly match against Ireland in Dublin .
Germany destroy Argentina in quarterfinal
Under Maradona , the country 's greatest ever player , Argentina reached the quarterfinals of this year 's World Cup in South Africa before being ousted after a 4 - 0 drubbing by Germany .
Grondona said the decision not to renew Maradona 's contract became inevitable after an impasse over his coaching staff .
Maradona was determined to keep his entire backup team , recently telling Argentine television that he would quit if the AFA were to " touch one hair " of one of his assistants .
" The hardest difference to agree on was changing some of Diego 's staff , " Grondona told reporters .
" Nobody has been sacked .
A contract has not been extended because the conditions were not the suitable . "
The 49 - year - old took charge of the national side in November 2008 and oversaw a turbulent qualification campaign , which included a 6 - 1 thrashing in Bolivia .
The Albiceleste eventually rallied and qualified for South Africa via a late goal against Uruguay in their last game in October .
Following the victory , Maradona unleashed an obscene tirade at journalists and was banned for two months .
In South Africa , Maradona appeared popular with players and fans as Argentina produced some of the most entertaining football of the World Cup .
The country beat Nigeria , Greece and South Korea in the group stage and reached the last eight after a 3 - 1 victory over Mexico .
Always demonstrative and emotional , Maradona reacted to every goal with a jubilant dance and greeted his players with bear hugs and kisses as they left the field .
But the manner of their humiliation against Germany left many pundits doubting Maradona 's tactical ability at the very highest level .
Messi reveals close ties with Maradona
" This is not a surprise after the defeat by Germany , " Gavin Hamilton , editor of World Soccer magazine , told CNN .
" I think Maradona wanted to stay on , but he 's such a difficult character and there are so many personalities within the federation that it was always going to be a difficult relationship .
" I think the players and fans will be disappointed because he's a hugely popular figure and the players seemed to enjoy playing with him .
" He created a really good atmosphere in the squad and seemed to get the hang of tournament football .
But maybe he did n't have the technical and tactical knowledge and that was exposed by Germany . "
Maradona 's spell in charge of the national side was the latest episode of a career interspersed with moments of glory and controversy .
In 1986 he scored an infamous " Hand of God " goal against England on the way to inspiring Argentina to World Cup victory .
He was suspended from football for 15 months in 1991 after failing a doping test for cocaine while playing for Napoli in Italy , and was sent home from the 1994 World Cup in the U.S. for using ephedrine .
Since retiring from playing aged 37 , he has battled several health problems related to his weight , drugs and alcohol .
" I do n't think we 've heard the last of Diego Maradona , " said Hamilton .
Brian Byrnes contributed to this report for CNN .
( CNN ) --
The Chicago , Illinois , City Council in a 45 - 0 vote approved a new gun ordinance Friday , four days after the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that the city 's 28 - year - old strict ban on handgun ownership was unconstitutional .
Among other details , the ordinance allows only one operable firearm per household , meaning all other guns would need to have gun locks or be in locked cases .
It also requires owners to have a state firearms permit , to register weapons with Chicago police and to take four hours of classroom training and one hour of firing range training .
The plan also bans assault weapons and gun shops in the city .
The June 28 Supreme Court ruling overturned the city 's previous handgun ban .
" Although the ruling was n't what we had hoped for , it was what we expected , " said Chicago Mayor Richard Daley .
" That 's why for the last several months we 've been preparing the reasonable and responsible ordinance to regulate handguns in the home that the council approved today .
...
" Either we enact new and reasonable handgun laws in Chicago to protect our residents -- as the council has done -- or we do nothing and risk greater gun violence in our streets and in our homes , " he said .
A 5 - 4 conservative majority of justices on Monday reiterated its 2 - year - old conclusion that the Constitution gives individuals equal or greater power than states on the issue of possession of certain firearms for self - protection .
" It can not be doubted that the right to bear arms was regarded as a substantive guarantee , not a prohibition that could be ignored so long as states legislated in an evenhanded manner , " wrote Justice Samuel Alito .
The court grounded that right in the due process section of the 14th Amendment .
The justices , however , said local jurisdictions still retain the flexibility to preserve some " reasonable " gun-control measures currently in place nationwide .
About the author
( NewsTarget )
What surface oil dispersant for oil spills is so toxic and ineffective it has been banned in England for a decade ?
The one that British Petroleum ( BP ) is using now in the Gulf of Mexico .
It 's loaded with , which kills marine and wetland wild life while causing serious lung problems to humans !
It is more toxic than the oil it purports to clean , and it simply sends the newly formed toxic globules of dispersant and oil further into the depths where it forms underwater plumes .
It 's like pouring paint thinner on spilled paint and letting it drip out onto the lawn and garden , except the underwater plumes of thinned oil and toxic dispersant spread onto the shore lines , wetlands and coral reefs and into the Atlantic via the Gulf Stream and beyond .
It was initially reported that the EPA ( Environmental Protection Agency ) had given BP 72 hours to change the current oil dispersant chemicals to something less toxic and more effective .
After a sharp reply from BP , the EPA seems to have back pedaled claiming they only want BP to use less of it .
It appears somebody with clout stepped in for BP !
BP is involved with a few other large international corporations .
Among them is the company that makes the toxic oil dispersant banned in England containing 2 - butoxyethanol , which kills what is supposedly being protected !
Richard Charter , advisor for Defenders of Wildlife , says this about the chemical dispersant being used in the Gulf : " It 's a chemical that the oil industry makes to sell to itself , basically .
" So in addition to siphoning some of the oil pouring from the ocean floor into tankers , oil that can be separated from the water and sold later , BP execs are enjoying financially incestuous gains .
( Two Florida farmers gave a video presentation ( ) of how safe and effective hay is for grabbing up oil and being hauled away . )
And the health damage to workers and wild life was minimal .
This could have given several farmers and others much needed income .
gathered from all over the world , reproduced rapidly , and then formed into powders that can be used directly or mixed with water for hosing the oil spills .
The by - products of the oil eating microbes turn into edible foods for marine life .
And when the microbes consume all the oil , they die off because there is nothing left to eat .
( This was proven in a 1986 contained pool with marine life test by Texas Land Office Commissioner Garry Mauro and Water Commissioner Buck Wynne .
The tests were so impressive that the oil eating microbes were allowed to be used successfully for millions of gallons of oil from a burning tanker off the Texas shore , and again when a barge leaked massive amounts of oil into the Texas wetlands .
There are and have been other clean - up solutions offered , some a little over the top and others that have been used successfully throughout the world .
Motives for BP 's refusing to consider these solutions and why the U.S. Government does nothing to intervene is full of dots to connect for anyone willing to peek closely behind the curtain .
Corexit ( the stuff BP is using as a dispersant ) is Killing the Gulf ( video ) Oil Eating Microbes Used Successfully by Texas Gov't for Oil Spills ( video ) Florida Farmers Propose Hay for Gulf Clean - up ( video ) Hay Used for 1969 Santa Barbara , CA Spill ( text and pictures ) ABC Video Report : Cousteau Jr Dives into the GoopSiphoning Up Existing Oil for BP ResaleDots to Connect ?
Paul Fassa is dedicated to warning others about the current corruption of food and medicine and guiding others toward a direction for better health with no restrictions on health freedom .
You can visit his blog at http://healthmaven.blogspot.com
Interracial Dating & Empowerment Starcraft 2 and other video games ( like Lineage ) have a stranglehold on Asian men's social life , especially in Korea , Japan , and China which hampers our ability to romantically connect with member 's of the opposite sex .
Video games are destroying Asian men ’s sex lives .
At least that ’s the viewpoint of JT Tran , America ’s top Asian dating coach .
Tran , referred to in TV , newspapers and magazines as “ The Asian Playboy ” , has taught thousands of men how to reclaim their love lives , but sees modern video games as a plague to their chance of finding happiness .
“ While we enjoy the fantasy - reality that these games give us , they keep us from socializing with other people , ” Tran said .
“ I have found this is particularly true for Asian men , especially with regards to Starcraft 2 and it's stranglehold in the Korean social life . ”
JT Tran is a top relationship and confidence expert who , as featured on ABC and other national media , has trained Fortune 500 professionals , corporate executives , political activists and actors alike on how to improve their confidence over one weekend .
With the release of Blizzard Entertainment ’s Starcraft 2 just around the corner , Tran encourages men to spend their $ 60 on something more productive – such as a date or night out socializing .
To further his cause , Tran is heading to San Francisco for the July 27 release of Starcraft 2 at SC2BayArea 's Mission Bay Conference Center ( UCSF ) launch party to convince men to put down the computer games and re-enter the dating game .
He will be giving free dating information to Starcraft fanatics in hopes of inspiring them to use their time more productively .
“ If I can get just one guy to take his life back , then it will be worth the trip , ” Tran said .
For more than 6 years , Tran has taught men , particularly minorities , tips and techniques in how to meet women .
He has been featured on ABC , Harvard , SBTN , Chicago TV , and in the pages of D Magazine , Asian Week , Nguoi Viet and many other publications .
The Asian Playboy is available for interviews in the Los Angeles area and other markets .
He is available for phone and Skype interviews in all U.S. and international markets , as well as byline articles and guest columnist opportunities .
Click here for an official company press kit .
About the ABCs of Attraction Founded by the Asian Playboy , the world ’s greatest Asian Pick Up Artist , the ABCs of Attraction has helped thousands of men worldwide improve social skills and lead more fulfilling and rewarding lives .
The company offers programs , multimedia resources and events based on its trademark holistic , pick - up methodology .
The program includes boot camps and workshops specifically designed to help men woo , court , date and seduce women .
The ABCs of Attraction was founded in 2005 and is based in Los Angeles , CA .
Visit http://www.abcsofattraction.com for more information .
###
Recovering Lost Narcissism
There have been a slew of books recently on the invalidity of faith — motivated in part , one suspects , by the cheeky desire to goad and provoke .
The best known perhaps is The God Delusion , in which Richard Dawkins contends that the belief in God is both delusional and pernicious .
Dawkins ’ central argument is that “ any God capable of designing a universe , carefully and foresightfully tuned to lead to our evolution , must be a supremely complex and improbable entity who needs an even bigger explanation than the one he is supposed to provide . ”
Thus , the God hypothesis is very close to being ruled out by the laws of probability .
Christopher Hitchens ’
God is not Great covers much of the same ground but treats the topic more humorously , more irreverently and , if possible , even more provocatively .
His focus is less on the innate human need for religion and more on its socio-political uses and dysfunctions .
Australia enters the debate with Tamas Pataki ’s Against Religion .
( Pataki is an Honorary Senior Fellow in the Philosophy Department at the University of Melbourne . )
Reading Dawkins , Pataki finds a weakness — psychological poverty — and swoops .
In his view , Dawkins does n’t go far enough , is much too general , and stays on “ the shoals of human motivation rather than venturing into the deep ” .
With Against Religion , Pataki seeks to illuminate the destructive features of the major religions by relating them to a few “ malign psychological currents ” .
By this he means ineluctable attachments and narcissistic needs .
Early on , Pataki declares his work is a polemic , which opens the door for strong claims and colourful language .
He aligns himself with Feuerbach , Marx , Nietzsche , Freud and Russell , philosophical giants upon whose shoulders he stands .
Then he jumps right in .
Pataki reproaches religion for springing from fear , conceit , and cruelty ; for being responsible for a terrible record of moral abstraction and slaughter ; for being a delusional way of confronting weakness and helplessness ; for bending thought to its purposes , distorting reality , undermining reason , inhibiting curiosity , obstructing self - knowledge , nourishing hubris , conserving oppressive political dispensations , forging pernicious group identities and , finally , given the opportunity , persecuting difference and threatening the rule of law .
A heady set of accusations to say the least .
His argument , however , is that this mayhem is only possible when religious doctrines and teaching capture the mind and are held with unquestioning faith .
In turn , unquestioning faith is only possible when it is reinforced and held in place by unconscious needs and phantasies .
He identifies the ‘ religiose ’ for whom laws and political authority derive exclusively from God .
In addition to doctrinal reasons , he suggests that such minds are predisposed to invest in the god-imago for psychological reasons .
Being ruled by divine law excludes being ruled by other people .
It also gratifies grandiose self - conceptions , and affirms a special relationship to divine authority .
Pataki stitches unconscious motivational states to religious beliefs and attitudes by focusing primarily on narcissism .
One trait of narcissism is the preoccupation with defending individual and group identity with self - esteem , ‘ specialness ’ and superiority ; another is the need to achieve omniscience .
If narcissism emerges from an unconscious striving to reconstitute the past , the lost world of childhood or the perfect moment at the mother ’s breast , as Pataki concludes , then religion is a “ determined , systematic extension of object - relational striving into a supernatural or spiritual dimension ” .
Problems — big problems — occur when these ideas are taken to extremes .
Pataki examines how even small differences become major threats to those who require the world to narcissistically mirror them .
Violence is seen as a legitimate means of achieving the necessary purification .
What ’s worse to Pataki , religion casts itself as an explanatory system when it is not , defying all reason .
Any questioning of this system is an affront to its basic narcissism and is always responded to with righteousness and indignation .
Reason is a problem for religion , Pataki asserts , because most religious claims are so contrary to it .
He states : “ When beliefs are especially congenial to us but there is little in the way of rational arguments to support them , we discover powerful non-rational motives ” .
The need to sustain interpersonal relationships is hardwired in the human brain , so powerfully in fact that we resort to ‘ phantastic ’ constructions of god-imagos .
And this is not going to change any time soon .
Against Religion is a clever little book , well - argued and , in some of its more outrageous assertions , even risky .
But that does n’t mean it ’s brave .
Pataki leaves ways out , open windows through which he can leap when things get too heated .
Describing it as a polemic , he may be excused for wild claims .
There are gaps and oversights .
He tends to brush over big themes with a self - satisfied snort .
He states more than once , “ We can skip over this argument … ” offering no explanation as to why .
And yet , underneath the strong language runs a current of logic that is difficult to oppose .
Reading Pataki , you sense you ’re in the presence of a forceful mind with the ability to look at this complicated subject straight on .
His claim that “ faith is just a refusal to think ” in a time when clear thinking is a necessity makes this book a worthy read .
( Newser ) – Vice President Joe Biden had to convince a skeptical Jay Leno last night that the United States did n't get a raw deal from Russia in the biggest spy swap since the Cold War .
Leno asked Biden during a taping of The Tonight Show why the US was sending 10 accused spies back to Russia while getting only four in return .
" That does n't seem fair , " Leno said .
" We got back four really good ones , " Biden reassured Leno .
" And the ten , they 've been here a long time , but they had n't done much . "
Leno then showed a sultry photo of alleged Russian agent Anna Chapman and asked : " Do we have any spies that hot ? "
Biden 's reply , in a mock - serious tone : " Let me be clear .
It was not my idea to send her back . "
The vice president also said he had one more suggestion for the deal that was ignored .
" I thought they 'd take Rush Limbaugh , " he said .
( Read more Joe Biden stories . )
Tribalism is when one group of people start to think people from another group are “ wrong by default ” .
It ’s the great - granddaddy of racism and sexism .
And the most dangerous kind of tribalism is completely invisible : it has nothing to do with someone ’s “ birth tribe ” and everything to do with their affiliations : where they work , which sports team they support , which linux distribution they love .
There are a couple of hallmarks of tribal argument :
1 . “ The other guys have never done anything useful ” .
Well , let ’s think about that .
All of us wake up every day , with very similar ambitions and goals .
I ’ve travelled the world and I ’ve never met a single company , or country , or church , where * everybody * there did * nothing * useful .
So if you see someone saying “ Microsoft is totally evil ” , that ’s a big red flag for tribal thinking .
It ’s just like someone saying “ All black people are [ name your prejudice ] ” .
It ’s offensive nonsense , and you would be advised to distance yourself from it , even if it feels like it would be fun to wave that pitchfork for a while .
2 . “ Evidence contrary to my views does n’t count . ”
So , for example , when a woman makes it to the top of her game , “ it ’s because she slept her way there ” .
Offensive nonsense .
And similarly , when you see someone saying “ Canonical did n’t actually sponsor that work by that Canonical employee , that was done in their spare time ” , you should realize that ’s likely to be offensive nonsense too .
Let ’s be clear : tribalism makes you stupid .
Just like it would be stupid not to hire someone super - smart and qualified because they ’re purple , or because they are female , it would be stupid to refuse to hear and credit someone with great work just because they happen to be associated with another tribe .
The very uncool thing about being a fanboy ( or fangirl ) of a project is that you ’re openly declaring both a tribal affiliation and a willingness to reject the work of others just because they belong to a different tribe .
One of the key values we hold in the Ubuntu project is that we expect everyone associated with Ubuntu to treat people with respect .
It ’s part of our code of conduct – it ’s probably the reason we * pioneered * the use of codes of conduct in open source .
I and others who founded Ubuntu have seen how easily open source projects descend into nasty , horrible and unproductive flamewars when you do n’t exercise strong leadership away from tribal thinking .
Now , bad things happen everywhere .
They happen in Ubuntu – and because we have a huge community , they are perhaps more likely to happen there than anywhere else .
If we want to avoid human nature ’s worst consequences , we have to work actively against them .
That ’s why we have strong leadership structures , which hopefully put people who are proven NOT to be tribal in nature into positions of responsibility .
It takes hard work and commitment , but I ’m grateful for the incredible efforts of all the moderators and council members and leaders in LoCo teams across this huge and wonderful project , for the leadership they exercise in keeping us focused on doing really good work .
It ’s hard , but sometimes we have to critique people who are associated with Ubuntu , because they have been tribal .
Hell , sometimes I and others have to critique ME for small - minded and tribal thinking .
When someone who calls herself “ an Ubuntu fan ” stands up and slates the work of another distro we quietly reach out to that person and point out that it ’s not the Ubuntu way of doing things .
We do n’t spot them all , but it ’s a consistent practice within the Ubuntu leadership team : our values are more important than winning or losing any given debate .
Do not be drawn into a tribal argument on Ubuntu ’s behalf
Right now , for a number of reasons , there is a fever pitch of tribalism in plain sight in the free software world .
It ’s sad .
It ’s not constructive .
It ’s ultimately going to be embarrassing for the people involved , because the Internet does n’t forget .
It ’s certainly not helping us lift free software to the forefront of public expectations of what software can be .
I would like to say this to everyone who feels associated with Ubuntu : hold fast to what you know to be true .
You know your values .
You know how hard you work .
You know what an incredible difference your work has made .
You know that you do it for a complex mix of love and money , some more the former , others the more latter , but fundamentally you are all part of Ubuntu because you think it ’s the most profound and best way to spend your time .
Be proud of that .
There is no need to get into a playground squabble about your values , your ethics , your capabilities or your contribution .
If you can do better , figure out how to do that , but do it because you are inspired by what makes Ubuntu wonderful : free software , delivered freely , in a way that demonstrates real care for the end user .
Do n’t do it because you feel intimidated or threatened or belittled .
The Gregs are entitled to their opinions , and folks like Jono and Dylan have set an excellent example in how to rebut and move beyond them .
I ’ve been lucky to be part of many amazing things in life .
Ubuntu is , far and away , the best of them .
We can be proud of the way we are providing leadership : on how communities can be a central part of open source companies , on how communities can be organised and conduct themselves , on how the economics of free software can benefit more than just the winning distribution , on how a properly designed user experience combined with free software can beat the best proprietary interfaces any day .
But remember : we do all of those things because we believe in them , not because we want to prove anybody else wrong .
This entry was posted on Friday , July 30th , 2010 at 12:32 pm and is filed under thoughts , ubuntu .
You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed .
Both comments and pings are currently closed .
Después de una maratónica sesión y con encendidas discusiones en el recinto , el Senado aprobó el polémico proyecto que autoriza el matrimonio entre personas del mismo sexo y convirtió a la Argentina en el primer país de América latina en legalizarlo .
La Cámara alta sancionó la norma esta madrugada , pasadas las 4 , con 33 votos a favor y 27 en contra , además de 3 abstenciones , tras una maratónica sesión que se extendió durante casi 14 horas .
La aprobación contó con el respaldo de diferentes senadores de los bloques del Frente para la Victoria , la Unión Cívica Radical , el socialismo y la Coalición Cívica .
En cambio , en contra lo hicieron la mayoría de los senadores pertenecientes al peronismo disidente , así como la gran mayoría del bloque radical .
Dos periodistas de lanacion.com , Maia Jastreblansky ( @maiajastre ) y Sol Amaya ( @msolamaya ) , transmitieron minuto a minuto el debate completo vía Twitter .
Debate en el Senado , minuto a minuto
Para llegar a la sanción de la ley , previamente se había votado el dictamen de mayoría , que propiciaba el rechazo del matrimonio gay , el cual obtuvo 32 votos negativos y 30 positivos , dando lugar al dictamen de minoría , a favor de la iniciativa , que ya había conseguido media sanción en Diputados .
En ambos casos hubo tres abstenciones : las de los diputados María José Bongiorno ( FPV - Río Negro ) ; Fabio Biancalari ( Frente Justicialista - Chaco ) ; y Graciela Di Perna ( Frente por la Integración - Chubut ) .
Por su parte , los senadores del Peronismo Federal , Carlos Reutemann , Adolfo Rodríguez Saá y Juan Carlos Romero se retiraron del Senado entre ambas votaciones .
La votación , que se hizo esperar en medio de un clima de gran incertidumbre y tensión , fue seguida en las afueras del Congreso por cientos de personas de diversas organizaciones que se manifestaron desde la tarde de ayer a favor del matrimonio homosexual .
El debate tuvo pasajes de todo tipo , aunque quedaron resaltados momentos muy álgidos , sobre todo al final , cuando el presidente del bloque del Frente para la Victoria , Miguel Angel Pichetto , consideró que un artículo del proyecto de Unión Civil presentado por el peronismo disidente tenía connotaciones " nazis " por prohibir la posibilidad de adopción por parte de las parejas homosexuales .
A continuación , la justicialista puntana Liliana Negre de Alonso , entre lágrimas , le reclamó a Pichetto que se rectifique por haberla llamado " nazi " , a lo que el representante de Río Negro así lo hizo .
Repercusiones .
Tras aprobarse el proyecto que tenía media sanción de Diputados , el jefe de la bancada oficialista , Miguel Angel Pichetto , se mostró satisfecho con el resultado y expresó : " Es un paso muy significativo en el camino de la igualdad " .
Sobre el debate , que por momentos se tornó acalorado , Pichetto dijo : " Pudo haber habido algunas discusiones con un tono más elevado pero eso forma parte de un Senado que tiene una impronta propia " .
" El Congreso dio un paso muy importante , el rédito no es del Gobierno sino de los sectores que estaban marginados " , agregó el senador .
Por su parte , el senador Eugenio Artaza aseguró que se " ha avanzado muchísimo en igualar derechos de las personas " .
" Hay que mirar con perspectiva de futuro , tenemos que propiciar la tolerancia y el amor entre la sociedad " , añadió el legislador correntino tras el fin del debate .
En tanto , Samuel Cabanchik manifestó : " Hemos dado una respuesta a reclamo justo , es un avance en los derechos " .
Los últimos discursos .
Pasada la 1 , cuando sólo restaban los discursos de los jefes de bloque , los senadores volvieron al recinto para escuchar los últimos discursos y prepararse para emitir sus votos .
Recién entonces volvió a encenderse la palabra " quórum " en el tablero , tras varias horas de movimiento .
El titular del bloque socialista , Rubén Giustiniani , adelantó su " voto positivo " al proyecto de matrimonio gay .
" Es un día histórico " , afirmó .
" Se recordará este día como un hecho positivo de un Congreso que decidió darle derechos a quien hoy no los tienen , avanzar sobre la discriminación " , dijo .
Además , sostuvo : " No es una ley que va a tener un rédito político inmediato para nadie .
Si miramos con perspectiva histórica vamos a ver que las grandes leyes de la historia argentina no tienen nombre y apellido " .
Luego , el titular de la UCR , Ernesto Sanz , también manifestó su aval a la iniciativa aprobada en Diputados .
" Mi obligación es legislar para un estado laico otorgando derechos civiles a quienes no lo tienen .
Ese es nuestro desafío " , aseguró .
En la misma línea , el jefe del bloque en la Cámara alta , Gerardo Morales , manifestó su voto a favor de la iniciativa .
A su turno , el titular del bloque PJ Federal , Adolfo Rodríguez Saá , expresó : " Voy a sostener la posición que elaboró el Peronismo Federal de optar por el camino de la unión civil " .
" Con la unión civil hubiéramos encontrado un camino de consenso contra los fundamentalistas que quieren dividir " , dijo .
Además , el puntano opinó que no se sesionó " en una situación habitual " porque había " una presión externa " , aunque no tardó en aclarar : " Yo no recibo directivas de nadie "
El último discurso estuvo a cargo de Pichetto , quien , además de manifestar su anticipado voto a favor del matrimonio gay , propinó duras críticas al cardenal Jorge Bergoglio .
" Es la Iglesia argentina la que ha llevado a extremos este debate " , afirmó , en respuesta a quienes criticaron a la Casa Rosada y la Iglesia por polarizar el debate .
" Nunca pusimos este debate en posición de todo o nada " , manifestó , en defensa del oficialismo .
Emerson
Etem knew where he wanted to go , never flinching at the difficulty of his unconventional journey .
As he moved from roller hockey at the Long Beach YMCA to ice hockey , from local leagues to famed Shattuck St. Mary ’s prep school in Minnesota , from the U.S. National Team Development Program to the rugged world of junior hockey in Medicine Hat , Canada , he went to extraordinary lengths to pursue his dream .
Most remarkable was the 2 ½- hour trip he made every day the last four summers from Long Beach to Venice to train with T.R. Goodman , fitness guru to a galaxy of NHL stars .
To get there , Etem ( pronounced EEE - tem ) rollerbladed four miles , took two trains , transferred to a bus and rollerbladed the final half - mile .
After a grueling , three - hour workout , he did it all in reverse .
“ It ’s a humbling experience , ” said Etem , who turned 18 last week .
“ I ’m fortunate to be in a situation that kept me humble . ”
He has earned the right to brag a little .
Actually , a lot .
Etem , a swift right winger with a knack for scoring goals , is ranked eighth among North American skaters for the NHL entry draft , which will be held Friday and Saturday at Staples Center .
After factoring in goalies and European players , he ’s likely to be chosen by the middle of the first round .
That would be the earliest selection of a California - born - and - trained player , a distinction now held by Jonathon Blum of Rancho Santa Margarita , chosen 23rd by Nashville in 2007 .
“ It ’s been a central part of our life the last 10 years , ” said his father , Rick , an avionics engineer for Boeing .
“ Prior to those 10 years , I guess I would have never thought it possible . ”
The quality of Etem ’s wrist shot is undisputed after he led Western Hockey League rookies last season with 37 goals .
Shaun Clouston , Medicine
Hat ’s associate coach , said Etem has top NHL speed and much more .
“ He also has an understanding of what it takes to get there , ” Clouston said .
“ The thing that might be even most important is his belief .
He believes that he ’s going to be a player and I think when you have that belief that ’s probably what ’s going to happen . ”
Whatever his draft number , it will be a sweet moment for Etem , who has overcome not only skepticism shown players from non-traditional hockey breeding grounds but racial taunts because his father is white and his mother is African American .
“ I want to set a good example , ” said Etem , a Kings fan who has been mentored by Kings winger Wayne Simmonds , one of the few black players in the NHL .
“ It does n’t matter where you ’re from .
Just keep focused and work hard . …
You can achieve anything . ”
He ’s the youngest child of Rick , who played tennis and rowed at the Naval Academy , and Patricia , who made the 1980 and 1984 U.S. Olympic rowing teams .
His brother , Martin , and sister , Elise , are elite rowers , but hockey was always his passion .
“ Emerson has always put himself in places of high risk in terms of you really can’t afford to fail , and he ’s excelled .
I think that ’s how you get where you want to be , ” Patricia Etem said .
“ What I imparted to my kids , I think , was … if you want it and you want it at the level you ’re dreaming it , you have to go beyond .
You have to be the one to envision what that ‘ beyond ’ is . ”
That meant leaving home at 14 to attend Shattuck St. Mary ’s , which has polished the talents of Sidney Crosby , Jonathan Toews , Kings defenseman Jack Johnson , Zach Parise and other standouts .
Etem saw Crosby while watching his brother in a tournament there and Shattuck became part of a meticulous plan to pit himself against ever - better competition .
“ He ’s done a good job in that area , ” Rick Etem said .
“ That was n’t something that we coached him on . ”
Making the prep team as a sophomore , as Crosby and Johnson had , boosted Etem ’s confidence and helped silence the California surfer jokes .
“ My name was n’t on the map or out there at that point , ” he said .
“ I think in the end I proved a lot of people wrong . ”
From there he moved to the U.S. development program , based in Ann Arbor , Mich .
What he heard there was even worse .
An opposing player used a racial slur against him .
Etem responded in the best possible way .
“ I scored a lot of goals , ” he said .
“ We beat them in a playoff series in the first round . ”
Etem passed a different test last season in Medicine Hat , a town of about 62,000 .
The schedule was demanding — 72 games , plus exhibitions and playoffs — and the competition tougher than anything he had faced before , but he thrived .
“ He ’s very focused , ” Clouston said .
“ I believe he ’s got an intelligence that is noticeable on and off the ice . ”
Soon he will live his dream — and share it with anyone who has ever pursued an unlikely goal with body and soul .
“ Going into the year I wanted to be the first overall pick , but obviously that ’s not going to happen , ” he said .
“ But I like to set high standards for myself .
I ’m ranked eighth right now .
I feel I should be at the top .
At the same time , this is only the first step of my career and my goal is to be the best out of this draft . ”
helene.elliott@latimes.com
twitter.com/helenenothelen
Image caption A cartoon showing a tooth extraction
Growing your own teeth from stem cells might seem blue - sky thinking , but dentists are confident this will become a reality within the next 50 years .
It all seems a far cry from the days when just pulling a tooth was fraught with danger and when barbers , wig makers and even blacksmiths would dabble in dentistry .
This year the dental establishment celebrates 150 years since the first dental licence .
To mark the occasion , the Hunterian Museum at the Royal College of Surgeons ( RCS ) in London is holding an exhibition to mark the life and career of Sir John Tomes , the first person to officially register himself as a ' dentist ' .
Sometimes the jaws were also broken during an extraction by untrained people Stanley Gelbier
Milly Farrell , assistant curator of the museums department at the RCS , said Tomes had been a true pioneer in all aspects of dental care - from plotting biology of the teeth to developing instruments and furniture .
He even kept a register at the hospital of every case he treated and used these to analyse which teeth were most at risk of disease .
" Tomes developed a dental chair as well as many different instruments to deal with each tooth .
He made the whole process much easier , " she said .
Painful procedure
Stanley Gelbier , professor in the history of dentistry at King 's College London Dental Institute , said that before Tomes , things could be very painful .
" Extractions were by forceps or commonly keys , rather like a door key , " he said .
" When rotated it gripped the tooth tightly .
This extracted the tooth - and usually gum and bone with it .
Image caption Students at work in the national dental hospital in 1905
" Sometimes the jaws were also broken during an extraction by untrained people . "
Professor Derrick Wilmott , dean of faculty at the RCS , said that after the 19th century dentistry became more organised .
But he said one of the big advances had been anaesthetics .
" When I qualified at the end of the 1960s it was very different , " he said .
" We used to give anaesthetics with the patient still sitting up , which is quite dangerous .
Now they either give local anaesthetics or sedation . "
He said even in the 1960s treatment was reactive and patients would usually only turn up when they were in pain .
" Now most decay can be prevented , " he said .
Future hopes
Paul King , consultant and specialist in restorative dentistry at Bristol Dental Hospital , agreed the emphasis had moved to prevention .
" A generation before it was about getting rid of disease mainly by extraction and replacing teeth where appropriate with plastic dentures , " he said .
" Now , partly because we have a generation coming through who have managed to retain their teeth , there is an increasing demand not just to accept teeth extraction which has driven innovative techniques regarding materials and things like that .
" There has been more emphasis on rebuilding teeth with white fillings and replacing missing teeth with dental implants . "
But he said the future hopes were even more exciting .
" The real blue - sky thinking over the next 20 years is increasing the role of the computer to make it more accurate , " he said .
" X - ray scanners now do 3D scans of mouth and bone and tissues , and from that you can computer manufacture missing teeth .
" We are already using quite a lot of that , but that will become commonplace .
" But if you are looking at 50 years on , I think we will become more knowledgeable about restorative dental techniques .
They have already grown teeth , albeit only in mice .
If we have to replace teeth the blue sky is we will be doing it by biological regeneration . "
Sir John Tomes : Victorian Dental Pioneer is at the Hunterian Museum at the Royal College of Surgeons ( RCS ) , 35 - 43 Lincoln 's Inn Fields , London , WC2A 3PE , until September 25 .
Baby Terrorists
This , from Congressman Louie Gohmert of Texas , is about as dumb as it gets :
I talked to a retired FBI agent who said that one of the things they were looking at were terrorist cells overseas who had figured out how to game our system .
And it appeared they would have young women , who became pregnant , would get them into the United States to have a baby .
They would n’t even have to pay anything for the baby .
And then they would turn back where they could be raised and coddled as future terrorists .
And then one day , twenty … thirty years down the road , they can be sent in to help destroy our way of life .
‘ Cause they figured out how stupid we are being in this country to allow our enemies to game our system , hurt our economy , get setup in a position to destroy our way of life .
This is simply too stupid to even bother refuting .
But this sort of fear mongering is nothing new for Gohmert .
Posted on June 29 , 2010 at 6:28 AM • 89 Comments
Thank you , makisupax !
I was in kind of a crummy mood when I got home to find this Box of Awesome waiting for me .
It totally turned my mood around .
List of coolitude : 1 . Very moving photo by Sabina Burd 2 .
Book : The Lost City of Z 3 .
Music : CD by MGMT which I am enjoying Right Now 4 .
Food 1 : 12 oz can of SPAM with real Hormel Bacon !
5 . Food 2 : Smoked salmon !
6 . Card from 2010 Vancouver Paralympic Games
Thank you , thank you , thank you !
nekoniku
Industry notes
Google develops a Facebook rival .
The WSJ reports that Google is in talks with " several makers of popular online games as it seeks to develop a broader social networking service that could compete with Facebook Inc. , according to people familiar with the matter . "
The company is already talking to developers about running their games on the new social networking service .
LG posts record loss from handsets due to iPhone .
" LG Electronics Inc. , the world ’s third - biggest mobile - phone maker , reported a record loss at its handset business after lagging behind Apple Inc. and smartphone makers in selling models that send e-mails and surf the Internet , " Bloomberg reports .
Microsoft : Yahoo , Google partnership plan would ' eliminate ' search competition in Japan .
Yahoo's plan to partner with Google in Japan will " eliminate " search competition in the country , Microsoft 's Dave Heiner , vice president and deputy general counsel , charged in a blog post Tuesday .
" Today , Google accounts for about 51 percent of paid search advertising in Japan .
Yahoo Japan accounts for 47 percent .
Their combined share of natural search results is almost as high , " he said .
Heiner warned that " if Google is permitted to proceed with its plan …
Google alone would decide what consumers in Japan will find , or not find , on the Web . "
Schedule .
10 a.m …Senate Homeland Security and Government Affairs markup for a bill to require Congress to establish a unified and searchable database on a public website for congressional earmarks .
342 Dirksen Senate Office Building .
2 p.m... House Armed Services Terrorism Subcommittee hearing on harnessing small - business innovation for national security cyber needs .
2118 Rayburn House Office Building .
2 p.m.... House Judiciary Crime Subcommittee hearing on online privacy .
2141 Rayburn House Office Building .
SAID .
" I know you 're pulling a pretty heavy load down there . "
- Sen. Byron Dorgan ( D - N.D. ) to FCC Chairman Julius Genachowski at a hearing on Tuesday .
He added that he supports what the FCC is doing .
He appeared to be referencing broadband reclassification , noting the " controversy " around the proceeding .
WATERCOOLER .
OLD SPICE … The guy in the Old Spice commercials received millions of viral video views " quicker than past hits like Susan Boyle and U.S. President Barack Obama Barack Hussein ObamaUnseemly brawl unlikely to change a thing
It 's now up to health systems to solve our food problems Testing the Electoral College process against judicial overreach MORE ’s election victory speech , " Mashable reported on Tuesday .
The article argues sales may have even doubled thanks to the campaign .
( Puneet Kollipara contributed to this post ) .
Saw a video today that reminded me of something , music is everywhere .
It ’s the thing that connects us with people we will probably never know without even knowing it .
I heard a podcast from Radio Lab , a national radio show on NPR , about the connecting power of music .
The main topic of the show was about pop music , but one part told the story of country music and how people all over the world connect with it .
In the piece , the reporter came to the conclusion that people are drawn to songs such as those in country music because of the way the intstument sounds .
The slide guitar sounds like crying and they singers beckon and whine in the songs , creating a feeling of loss .
Thus , no matter what the language , people feel a connection at that time to the saddness involved .
Say what you will about country , I do n’t see crappy ass Miley Cyrus connecting with listeners for any reason other than that people are creepy sometimes .
The video also reminded me of something else , that music is about creativity from nothing .
Take this video that remixes sounds from the Disney / Pixar animated film UP .
The creativity involved in that is like something unseen in few art forms .
It ’s so pure and perfect that these noises , meaningless played on their own , combine to make something so beautiful .
Sure , I probably have an untanural attraction to music , but still you ca n’t deny its awesome power .
If you would like to check out the podcast referenced above , check it out here .
Posting some tunes soon so be on the look out .
Google handles nearly two - thirds of Internet search queries worldwide .
Analysts reckon that most
Web sites rely on the search engine for half of their traffic .
When Google engineers tweak its supersecret algorithm  as they do hundreds of times a year  they can break the business of a Web site that is pushed down the rankings .
When Google was a pure search engine , it was easy to appear agnostic about search results , with no reason to play favorites with one Web site or another .
But as Google has branched out into online services from maps and videos to comparison shopping , it has acquired pecuniary incentives to favor its own over rivals .
Google argues that its behavior is kept in check by competitors like Yahoo or Bing .
But Google has become the default search engine for many Internet users .
Competitors are a click away , but a case is building for some sort of oversight of the gatekeeper of the Internet .
In the past few months , Google has come under investigation by antitrust regulators in Europe .
Rivals have accused Google of placing the Web sites of affiliates like Google Maps or YouTube at the top of Internet searches and relegating competitors to obscurity down the list .
In the United States , Google said it expects antitrust regulators to scrutinize its $ 700 million purchase of the flight information software firm ITA , with which it plans to enter the online travel search market occupied by Expedia , Orbitz , Bing and others .
Republicans =Bush ?
National Democrats made no secret of their glee at the willingness of Sen. John Cornyn and Rep. Pete Sessions -- the heads of the two Republican campaign committees -- to defend the economic policies of George W. Bush during an appearances on " Meet the Press " on Sunday .
" The men in charge of Republican campaigns made it crystal clear what Republican candidates plan to do if elected -- take us backward , " trumpeted Democratic National Committee Chairman Tim Kaine in a release this morning .
Before the celebration gets under way in earnest , however , new data from a national poll commissioned by Third Way , a centrist Democratic group , shows that the public does n't regard Republicans in Congress as synonymous with the former president .
( The Benenson Strategy Group , a Democratic polling firm favored by the White House , conducted the survey . )
Just one in four people said that if Republicans took back control of the House it would mark a " return to George W. Bush 's economic policies , " while 65 percent said that Republicans would pursue a " new economic agenda that is different from George W. Bush 's policies . "
That data point suggests that Congressional Republicans have -- whether intentionally or accidentally -- decoupled themselves from the unpopular former president over the past 18 months or so .
The work of the next four months ( or so ) for Democrats is to remind people of that link -- that the vast majority of Republicans in Congress were in office when Bush was president and played a not - insignificant role in passing his agenda .
The data in the Third Way poll suggest that if Democrats can ( re ) hang Bush around the neck of Republicans , it could greatly improve their chances of minimizing losses this fall .
Almost half ( 49 percent ) of respondents said they would prefer a candidate who would " stick with " President Obama 's economic policies , while 34 percent said they would opt for a candidate who aligned with Bush 's economic policies .
But , if Bush -- literally his name -- is taken out of the equation , the voting dynamic changes , as it becomes clear that there is not a large reservoir of support for Obama 's approach to the economy .
A majority -- 51 percent -- say they would prefer a candidate who believed Obama 's economic plan is not working and " we need new economic policies that will shrink government , cut taxes on investment and support business growth , " while 42 percent said they would rather support a candidate who believed Obama had a plan for the economy and that we need to give it time to work .
In some ways , the findings are ho -hum .
After all , it 's no secret that Republicans want to make the election a referendum on Obama , while Democrats want to make the midterms a choice between what Obama has done and what the GOP will do / has done .
But the disconnect in most Americans ' minds between the economic approach of Bush , which they detest , and that of Congressional Republicans , which they remain undecided about , is critically important to understanding the task before Democrats over the next 106 days .
The American public has a very short memory ( See Spitzer , Elliot or Albert , Marv ) and it's clear that they do n't view this Republican party as George W. Bush 's Republican party .
That 's not to say Democrats can't -- or wo n't try -- to remind them .
But it 's a helpful reminder that Bush 's numbers should not be regarded as a stand - in for Republicans more generally .
And that , of course , is a very good thing for anyone running with an " R " after their name this fall .
Capello's England won only one of four games at the World Cup
Fabio Capello is to continue as England manager despite England 's unsuccessful World Cup campaign , the Football Association has announced .
The Italian , 64 , found himself under pressure after England 's tournament ended with a 4 - 1 defeat by Germany .
On Monday Capello was told he would learn his fate in two weeks , only to be given full FA backing four days later .
" We remain convinced that Fabio is the best man for the job , " said Club England chairman Sir Dave Richards .
Capello , whose contract runs until Euro 2012 and is worth a reported £ 6 m a year , has hinted that some of the players who underperformed in South Africa might find themselves replaced as he looks to blood younger players during the upcoming Euro 2012 qualifiers .
606 : DEBATE
Hopefully this will draw a line under the whole sorry mess and let Fabio get back to doing what he does best , not play party politics but manage successful football teams
Chris
" I can assure the fans I am now fully focused on our European qualifying fixtures , starting with the friendly against Hungary in August , " he stated .
" We will look to introduce new players to give the team new energy and I will use all my experience to take England forward .
" I am extremely proud to be the England manager , it means so much to me and I am determined to succeed . "
Capello has previously championed the talents of , among others , Arsenal 's 18 - year - old midfielder Jack Wilshere , 19 - year - old Everton midfielder Jack Rodwell and 22 - year - old Manchester City winger Adam Johnson and they could come into a squad that , at 28.7 years , had a higher average age than any other in South Africa .
The make - up of the squad had been only one of a number of criticisms aimed at the former AC Milan manager as his position had appeared to be in the balance after his side were humbled by Germany to end a World Cup campaign that never truly got going .
In the immediate aftermath of the exit there were calls for a new man to take charge , with former England captain Alan Shearer among those suggesting Capello would be replaced by the time England face Hungary in August .
However , Capello stated that he was keen to remain in the post at a media conference on Monday and , with senior FA members including David Sheepshanks and Phil Gartside publicly backing him this week , the association has decided Capello is still the right man for the job .
" We are all still extremely disappointed at our performance in South Africa , and we believed it was important that we took some time to reflect on everything in a calm and considered manner back in England , " Richards added .
" He went into the World Cup with a reputation as one of world football 's finest managers and we are confident Fabio will benefit from his first international tournament experience and this will undoubtedly make us all stronger for the Euro 2012 campaign . "
Sports Editor 's Blog A new younger and hungrier breed of players must now be ushered in
David Bond
The FA 's decision may have been influenced by Capello 's impressive performance prior to the World Cup , with England winning all their competitive fixtures until qualification had been ensured - including an aggregate score of 9 - 2 against Croatia in two games against them .
On the back of that record , and with speculation he might take the then - vacant Inter Milan job after the World Cup , Capello was given a new contract , minus an exit clause , that ran until 2012 - a decision that was retrospectively criticised in some quarters as England struggled in South Africa .
Had the FA chosen to part company with Capello it would have been forced to pay him a hefty compensation package , bringing back painful memories of the severance deal it was forced to pay to former boss Sven Goran Eriksson in 2006 .
There was a tabloid clamour for Capello to be replaced by an Englishman - an about turn that failed when Steve McClaren was installed post - Eriksson and promptly missed out on qualifying for Euro 2008 .
But when Roy Hodgson left Fulham to become Liverpool boss on Thursday , it left few viable English options as potential alternatives to Capello .
A few weeks ago someone sent me an alleged ghost photo , saying …
“ This is a picture I took in Eau Claire , Wisconsin last summer .
The young girl in the front is my cousin .
The slightly older girl I swear was not there when I took the picture .
When I showed the picture to my father he immediately recognized the older girl as his sister ( the younger girl ’s mother ) as she looked when they were kids .
She passed away a few years ago from complications of a stomach tumor .
I do n’t know anything about ghosts , and my immediate instinct would be to assume it ’s a glitch in the camera .
It made me think fist of a double exposure shot , but it was taken on a digital camera .
Can ghosts manifest as younger versions of themselves ? ”
Here is the pic… .
Any thoughts ?
UPDATE : The original file can be downloaded here
Goldline International is under investigation by the Santa Monica City Attorney ’s office , jointly with the Los Angeles County District Attorney ’s office , as well as being the subject of a separate investigation by Congress into the possible criminal practices .
The firm has been the subject of an ABC Nightline News Exposé , as well as an investigation by NY Congressman Weiner ) .
Jess Bachman , who did several of the fantastic illustrations for Bailout Nation , turns his graphic expertise to the Glenn Beck / Goldline endorsement scheme :
>
click for ginormous version
>
FREE : add this infographic to your website !
Embeddable Graphic
600 Pixel Wide Version
Infographic by The Big Picture
>
07.20.10
Congress Formally Opens Investigation into Goldline & Other Shady Gold Dealers
New York , NY – Rep. Anthony Weiner ( D – Queens & Brooklyn ) and House Commerce Subcommittee Chairman Bobby Rush ( D – Chicago ) formally announced a hearing of the Subcommittee on Commerce , Trade , and Consumer Protection to investigate the business practices of Goldline International , a precious metals dealer that uses aggressive sales tactics and conservative spokespeople such as Fox News ’ Glenn Beck to sell overpriced gold coins .
Weiner and Rush sent a letter to Goldline requesting information in preparation for the hearing .
The announcement follows an exposé on ABC News which detailed Goldline ’s business model .
Additionally , the Santa Monica City Attorney ’s office launched a joint investigation with the Los Angeles County District Attorney ’s office into the possible criminal practices of Goldline International .
To Watch the ABC News Exposé CLICK HERE
In May , Rep .
Weiner ’s office released a report outlining problems with Goldline
Among the Key Findings of Rep. Weiner ’s Report : ( Full Report CLICK HERE )
• Goldline Grossly Overcharges For Their Coins
The average Goldline markup was 90 % above the melt value of the coin .
The largest markup on any coin was 208 % above the melt value .
Furthermore , the average Goldline markup is 47 % higher than better - priced competitors , with some of the company ’s markups going as high as 102 % compared to its competitors on one of the coins they offered .
• Goldline Falsely Claims To Offer “ Good ” Investments
By selling gold at twice the melt value , the price of gold would need to double for consumers to break even on their “ investment . ”
• Goldline Salespeople Misrepresent Their Ability To Give “ Investment Advice ”
Sales people imply that they are “ investment advisors ” or “ financial advisers ” by offering investment advice , which insinuates that they have some sort of fiduciary responsibility to get you the most return on your investment .
However , since they are not licensed investment advisors , they have no such responsibility .
In 2006 , the Missouri Secretary of States ’ Office , Securities Division filed formal consent order against Goldline for exactly this reason and recovered over $ 200 k for an elderly consumer that was ripped off .
• Goldline Plays off Public Fears of Government Takeover and Has Formed an Unholy Alliance with Conservative Pundits to Drive a False Narrative
Goldline employs several conservative pundits to act as shills for its ’ precious metal business , including Glenn Beck , Mike Huckabee , Laura Ingraham , and Fred Thompson .
By drumming up public fears during financially uncertain times , conservative pundits are able to drive a false narrative .
Glenn Beck for example has dedicated entire segments of his program to explaining why the U.S. money supply is destined for hyperinflation with Barack Obama as president .
He will often promote the purchase of gold as the only safe investment alternative for consumers who want to safeguard their livelihoods .
When the show cuts to commercial break , viewers are treated to an advertisement from Goldline .
“ Goldline rips off consumers , uses misleading and possibly illegal sales tactics , and deliberately manipulates public fears of an impending government takeover – this is a trifecta of terrible business practices , ” Weiner said .
“ It ’s disgraceful that this company would capitalize on financially unstable times to prey upon people ’s nest eggs . ”
Rep . Weiner , who sits on the House Subcommittee on Commerce , Trade and Consumer Protection , wrote letters to the SEC and FTC requesting that they investigate Goldline and is proposing legislation that would force Goldline and companies like it to fully disclose their dishonest business practices .
Under Rep.
Weiner ’s plan , Goldline would be required to show consumers its full business model including its astronomical markups and deceitful promises of profitability .
No date has been announced but it is expected that the hearings will be held later this summer .
###
Source
In the 1980s , intrigued as to the techniques employed when producing one of the world ’s most adored comic strips , aspiring artist and Calvin and Hobbes fan Todd Church took a chance and sent an inquisitive letter to the offices of the strip ’s Kansas syndicate .
A few weeks later – much to his surprise – Todd received a charming reply in the mail , from Bill Watterson himself .
That letter can be seen below .
Transcript follows .
Transcript
Dear Todd ,
Thank you for your letter .
Here are some general comic strip cartooning tips that I ’ve tried to make helpful for people at all levels of advancement .
I hope these will apply to your work .
1. Materials are not important , so long as your work reproduces and reduces clearly .
It ’s what you do WITH the materials that counts .
2 . I think characters are more important than jokes .
Any cartoonist ought to be able to come up with funny gags , but the best strips have rounded , complex characters that readers can care about .
Cartoon characters should be more than standing props to deliver jokes .
3 . Do n’t imitate other strips .
Editors are looking for something new and original .
4 . Most importantly , have fun with your work , and practice writing and drawing all you can .
Good luck ,
( Signed , ‘ WB Watterson ’ )
W.B. Watterson
Show full PR text
ALL - NEW RANGE ROVER EVOQUE MAKES GUEST APPEARANCE AT 40 YEAR CELEBRATION OF THE BRAND
- First image of all - new Range Rover released
- Officially named Range Rover Evoque
- Design stays true to LRX concept car
- Lightest , most fuel efficient Range Rover ever
- Third Range Rover model to compete in fuel - efficient 4WD Luxury Compact SUV segment in North America
- Official public debut at Paris Motor Show : 30 September
- On sale in North America Fall 2011
Mahwah , New Jersey , July 1 , 2010 -
The first official picture of the all - new addition to the Range Rover family is released today , following an exclusive preview in London for guests attending a 40th birthday celebration of Range Rover held with long time U.K. Range Rover partner , VOGUE magazine *.
Named the Range Rover Evoque , this all - new coupé will join the Range Rover and Range Rover Sport in North American dealerships in fall , 2011 .
It will be the smallest , lightest and most fuel efficient Range Rover ever produced .
The compact 4WD Range Rover Evoque is engineered to meet North American customer and regulatory demands for increased fuel efficiency in highly capable luxury SUVs .
Phil Popham , managing director of Land Rover , said , " Today is a very special occasion for Range Rover ; not only are we celebrating 40 years of the brand , we are also demonstrating our exciting future by showing the all - new Range Rover Evoque .
Range Rover is one of the most highly regarded and iconic vehicles in the history of motoring and has been a continuing success since we first introduced it in 1970 .
The all - new Range Rover Evoque is an important step for the future continued success and growth of the brand .
Customers can be confident that the new car will be premium , luxurious and just as special as the other Range Rover models .
Its sporting looks and unique qualities will open the brand to a new group of customers who may not have considered a Range Rover product before .
" The all - new Range Rover Evoque will be built at our multi- award winning plant in Halewood , creating 1,000 new jobs in the Merseyside area , a fantastic boost to the UK economy .
The Halewood plant has a reputation for excellence and quality and is recognized throughout the industry as a leader in Lean Manufacturing .
" The all - new Range Rover Evoque is a true global car and will be sold in over 160 countries .
It was important to give the car a name that was instantly recognizable through language and cultural boundaries throughout the world .
We wanted to create a new name which was innovative and different .
A name which implies exclusivity and arouses emotions , Evoque is cosmopolitan and cross-continental , sophisticated and matches the car 's urban elegance , " he added .
Gerry McGovern , Land Rover design director , said , " The Range Rover is an iconic design that has stood the test of time and it's not difficult to see why .
Like the current version , the original Range Rover is such a simple and memorable shape that is easily recognizable .
" The all - new Range Rover Evoque marks a bold evolution of Range Rover design , providing customers with a desirable , premium and compact car like SUV .
In 2008 we introduced the LRX concept car : after a positive reception worldwide , the natural step for the business was to turn the LRX concept car into reality .
Tonight we wanted to show the world that we have stayed true to our word and delivered a car that completely represents the spirit of the LRX concept .
" The all - new Range Rover Evoque will resonate with customers on an emotional level .
Its unique silhouette accentuated by the distinctive falling roof and dramatic rising waistline creates a modern and relevant execution of the familiar Range Rover design language .
This car makes a powerful statement of the Range Rover 's brand intent to appeal to a wider audience , " he added .
Chris Marchand , Executive Vice President of Land Rover North America , said , " The new Range Rover Evoque has a very clear mandate in North America to give luxury SUV customers another choice to enjoy Range Rover style , luxury and all terrain traction , but with a more compact , fuel efficient footprint .
This is an incredibly important expansion of the Range Rover brand in this market . "
The all - new Range Rover Evoque will make its global public debut at the Paris Motor Show at the end of September and will go on sale from next summer and in North America in the fall .
A court has freed a mentally ill woman who has been held without trial for 14 years on allegations of desecrating the Qur'an .
Under Pakistan 's strict blasphemy laws , anyone accused of insulting Islam , the prophet Muhammad or the Qur'an can be sentenced to death .
Zaibun Nisa , 60 , was arrested in 1996 after a Muslim prayer leader told police that someone had desecrated the holy book .
Her family did not challenge the charge , and the woman was sent to a mental hospital in Lahore .
Her lawyer said he was shocked to know that police had arrested her despite knowing that she was mentally ill .
Topics
JPAExtension ( JPA for Scala , ORM for Scala ) should :
be fully JPA 2.0 compliant Persistence Layer and Object Relational Mapper ( ORM ) for Scala
perfectly replace the Java API with Scala Collections and other niceties
support Transaction Scope Wrappers with Scalas Functional Programming abilities
JPAExtension is hosted on Github
Related Artikel are :
What is JPA
The Java Persistence API is a POJO persistence API for object / relational mapping .
It contains a full object / relational mapping specification supporting the use of Java language metadata annotations and / or XML descriptors to define the mapping between Java objects and a relational database .
It supports a rich , SQL - like query language ( which is a significant extension upon EJB QL ) for both static and dynamic queries .
It also supports the use of pluggable persistence providers .
( this is taken from here )
Advantages :
Pluggable Implementations
Widely used standard
Widely available experience
Supported by application server vendors
Three major JPA 2.0 implementations :
Entity Manager and Entity Manager Factory
The framework suports custom EntityManagerFactory implementations .
To simplify usage two Traits can be used .
SimpleEntityManagerFactory provides a non JNDI environment EM factory .
Method getPersistenceUnitName has to be implemented to provide the persistence unit name as defined in persistence.xml .
ThreadLocalEntityManager provides one Entity Manager instance per Thread .
Mixing in Traits :
class MyClass extends Something with SimpleEntityManagerFactory with ThreadLocalEntityManager { /* * using persistence unit called " mip " here */ def getPersistenceUnitName = " mip " . . . }
Queries
Query definitions are externalized to an xml file .
I have learned that it can make sense to change a SQL / JPQL statement in production ( add redundancy tables or change the statements itself etc . )
the fetch tag allows to preload of ( lazy ) relations
queries can have named text annotations that can be retrieved at runtime
Sometimes several queries contain some common parts .
They can be combined as snippets .
Allows the typesafe definition of JPQL / SQL query parameter holder objects , the filter objects
examples for JPAExtension.XML
simple JPQL query with one parameter :
simple native PostGIS SQL query with two parameter :
JPQL query with one parameter and filer class .
Maps N to name :
JPQL query with relation fetch statements and query annotations :
Execute Query with Filter Class :
The query with the ID FindObjectItemFromNameWithFilter can use the filter NameFilter for holding the binding attribute name .
name will be used to replace N .
Since the query can return more than one result forQueryResults can be used to iterate over the result - set .
Filter definition :
class NameFilter { var name : String = _ }
Using Filter and executing query :
. . . val filter : NameFilter = newFilterInstance ( QueryId( " FindObjectItemFromNameWithFilter " ) ) filter .
name = " % Test % " var i = 0 forQueryResults { oi : ObjectItem => i = i + 1 } withQuery ( filter ) i must_== 10 . . .
Transaction Scope Wrappers
Iterating over query results without transaction
withNoTrx { forQueryResults { u : User => userIDs.add(u.getId ) userNames.add(u.getName ) } withQuery ( QueryId ( " UserFromName " ) , " % " + name + " % " ) }
Find one entity , remove it and commit the transaction
withTrxAndCommit { findAndApply ( id ) { u: User => remove(u ) } }
Execute a native PostGIS SQL query and expect one result
withTrxAndCommit { oneResultQueryAndApply { d : Double => eStatRet.setDistance(d ) } withNativeQuery ( QueryId ( " DistancePointFromTextToLocID " ) , postGISPoint , user.getUsersLocation.getId ) }
Server Side Usage Example
These examples are using a JAX - RS standard implementation from SUN called Jersey .
exceptionWrapper and checkAccessRights are used to generate WebApplicationExceptions and to check the access rights based on HTTP - session credentials .
The code updates the UserInfo entity with merge and commits the transaction .
@PUT @Path ( " UserInfo/{uid} " ) def updateUserInfo( @PathParam ( " uid " ) uid : String , eui : EUserInfo ) : EUserInfo = { exceptionWrapper { checkAccessRights { withTrxAndCommit { findAndApply ( id( uid ) ) { u: User => val userInfoId = u.getUserInfo.get
Id val newUserInfo : UserInfo = eui.getUserInfo newUserInfo.setId(userInfoId ) merge [ UserInfo]( newUserInfo ) } } } } }
So far in my series on jQuery JavaScript Templating , I ’ve showed how to create a basic jQuery JavaScript template and then nest templates for increased layout flexibility and maintainability .
If you have n’t read those two posts , I highly recommend you do so you can understand the concepts below .
Now , let ’s dive into two other techniques available in the Microsoft jQuery Templates plugin ; inline expressions and code blocks .
Inline Expressions
Being able to use a template to create a succinct layout is very powerful but without the ability to manipulate the data that ’s being rendered , you ’d probably find templates a lot less useful .
That ’s where inline expressions come in .
Inline expressions allow you to use common JavaScript expressions to effect a change in the way your data is rendered .
Using a slightly modified version of the data from my last tutorial , I can show you what I mean .
Here ’s the data :
var clientData = [ { first : " Rey " , last : " Bango " , age : 42 , id : 1 , phone : [ " 954-600-1234 " , " 954-355-5555 " ] } , { first : " Mark " , last : " Goldberg " , age : 51 , id : 2 , phone : [ " 954-600-1234 " , " 954-355-5555 " ] } , { first : " Jen " , last : " Statford " , age : " 25 " , id : 3 , phone : [ " 954-600-1234 " , " 954-355-5555 " ] } ] ;
What I did was break out the “ name ” attribute into “ first ” and “ last ” name fields .
Now , say I wanted to render the full name in my template .
I would use the following inline expression to do so :
< script id =" clientTemplate " type =" text / html " > < p > < li >$ { first + " " + last }</li></p> </ script >
Which gives me the following result :
Notice that I ’m using the standard JavaScript “ + ” operator to concatenate the two data attributes together to form my final output .
JavaScript developers should immediately be able to understand the code here and see how flexible this option is .
Code Blocks
Now , while inline expressions are certainly powerful , the ability to affect the data via code blocks is even more important because it allows you to specify conditional statements that can be used to determine what type of and when data will be represented .
Let ’s say that based on the age of a client , I want to show some text next to their name .
I ’ll use the following code block :
{{if ( age > 30 ) }}veteran coder!{{else}}rising star!{{/if}}
This code block allows me to specify a conditional statement that allows me to create a nice descriptor based on the person ’s age .
The key is the “ {{if..else}} ” custom tag that ’s been incorporated into the template plugin that allows you to specify conditional statements .
Here ’s what the template would look like :
< script id =" clientTemplate " type =" text / html " > < p > < li >$ { first + " " + last + " is a " }{{if ( age > 30 ) }}veteran coder!{{else}}rising star!{{/if}}</li>
</p> </ script >
which generates the following results :
And again , the cool thing is that the syntax for the expressions use standard JavaScript operators so I can do something like this as well :
{{if ( age > 20 && age < 30 || age == 42 ) }}rising star!{{else}}veteran coder!{{/if}}
The thing to stress here is that using inline expressions and code blocks together can give you a tremendous amount of control over how you control you data .
You have the flexibility you ’d expect by using JavaScript but in a manner that is easily readable and maintainable .
Here ’s the final code :
<! DOCTYPE html > < html lang= " en " > < head > < meta http-equiv= " Content - Type " content = " text / html ; charset=utf - 8 " /> < meta name = " robots " content = " noindex " /> < title > Template Test</ title > < script src= " http://code.jquery.com/jquery.min.js " type =" text / javascript " ></ script > < script src=" jquery.tmpl.js " type =" text / javascript " ></ script > < script type =" text / javascript " > $ ( document ) .ready ( function ( ) { var clientData = [ { first : " Rey " , last : " Bango " , age : 42 , id : 1 , phone : [ " 954-600-1234 " , " 954-355-5555 " ] } , { first : " Mark " , last : " Goldberg " , age : 51 , id : 2 , phone : [ " 954-600-1234 " , " 954-355-5555 " ] } , { first : " Jen " , last : " Statford " , age : " 25 " , id : 3 , phone : [ " 954-600-1234 " , " 954-355-5555 " ] } ] ; $ ( " #clientTemplate " ) .tmpl(clientData).appendTo( " div " ) ; } ) ; </script > < script id =" clientTemplate " type =" text / html " > < p > < li >$ { first + " " + last + " is a " }{{if ( age > 20 && age < 30 || age == 42 ) }}rising star!{{else}}veteran coder!{{/if}}</li>
</p> </ script > </head > < body > < div></div > </ body > </html >
In a trend that mirrors the invasion of the corporate world in the 1980 ’s by personal computers , today ’s employees are beginning to use consumer - oriented technology like the iPhone and Facebook to do business – and this means stress and trouble for IT security professionals .
According to a new report issued by RSA , the Security Division of EMC , the traditional model where IT controls the technological underpinnings of business processes is “ quickly crumbling . ”
In the new model , users have a say in the technology tools that will be available to them for business purposes , and many of these tools are the ones they are already using in their personal lives .
This trend , variously referred to as consumerization and user - driven IT , is seen as inevitable by the Security for Business Innovation Council , a group of Global 1000 security executives assembled by RSA to analyze IT trends .
Statistics from recent RSA - sponsored surveys support this view .
• 76 percent of security and IT leaders believe user influence on device and application purchase decisions is on the rise .
• More than 60 percent of respondents report that users have some input regarding the types of smartphones purchased , with 20 percent reporting that they let users decide .
• Nearly 60 percent also said that unauthorized connections to the corporate network occur in spite of efforts to prevent them
• Ominously , 23 percent of the largest organizations surveyed have experienced a serious breach or incident because of a personal device on the corporate network .
“ IT security teams will never be able to stop the pace , ” says Dr. Claudia Natanson , Chief Information Security Officer at Diageo .
“ Technology is on a roll . ”
For IT security , one of the most important keys to successfully negotiating the transformation of the corporate IT landscape is to accept that change is on its way and not be in denial .
“ There ’s a head - on collision coming between our personal and professional lives , ” says Denise Wood , Chief Information Security Officer for FedEx , “ and it is consumer technology that is going to cause it .
Information security needs to be the advocate for a more engineered journey into this integrated place . ”
Responding with Technology
Beyond philosophical acceptance , there are a number of specific technology issues IT security groups will need to investigate .
For starters , it ’s likely that IT security need to will focus more tightly on applications and data , and less on the protection of perimeters that are becoming difficult or impossible to define .
Virtualization and thin computing could become more important than ever .
According to Roland Cloutier , Chief Security Officer for Automatic Data Processing , “ A big security fear with choice [ user - driven ] computing is : what if data gets on a device , the device gets stolen and that data ’s now in the open ?
Virtualization of the user environment makes a lot of the concerns a moot point .
through virtualization , users can do their work but not actually be touching the data . ”
Other potential technology developments focus on authentication .
New methods might authenticate devices as well as users , or check devices for malicious code prior to granting network access .
As reported earlier by SecurityWeek , Apple ’s iPhone4 and iOS4 have added several key security features to make them more attractive to corporate IT organizations .
These include remote wipe , new data protection and encryption functions , mobile device management and SSL VPN support .
Is Facebook Your Friend ?
The use of networks like Facebook , Twitter and Linked In poses a separate class of security conundrums .
According to the RSA report , more than 80 percent of companies now allow some form of access to social networking sites , and of those companies , 62 percent are already using it as a vehicle for external communication with customers and partners .
But 36 percent of users have been sent malware via social networking sites .
Besides providing access to potential hackers , social networks could create a difficult legal maze for corporations that utilize them for business purposes .
What if a court case involves a transaction where the negotiations took place on Facebook ?
If Facebook has the data , how will the parties involved retrieve it ?
Denise Wood of FedEx says , “ You worry about idea ownership ; because social networking is inherently outside the management and governance structures that we use in our day - to - day work life .
By definition , it gets you beyond a comfort zone .
So then it comes down to , Who owns the ideas ? ”
This is just one of many questions corporations are going to have to deal with , and there ’s no avoiding it .
If Gartner is correct , by 2014 social networking will have replaced e-mail as the primary means of business communication for 20 percent of all business users .
LOS ANGELES ( MarketWatch ) -- BP PLC will reduce its contribution to U.S. coffers by roughly $ 10 billion due to a tax credit the company is claiming it incurred from the Gulf of Mexico oil spill .
The oil giant BP , - 1.18 % said Tuesday that it is incurring a charge of $ 32.2 billion from the Deepwater Horizon disaster response , and as such , it is claiming a $ 9.9 billion taxation credit .
Asked in a conference call Tuesday about whether it has discussed the tax credit with President Barack Obama 's administration , BP 's outgoing chief executive , Tony Hayward said : " We have followed the IRS regulations as they 're currently written . "
The Internal Revenue Service said it 's not allowed under federal law to discuss individual taxpayer issues .
But the issue has raised red flags among federal officials , particularly in light of recent efforts by various other entities that have settled with the United States .
White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs said the following in a briefing with reporters : " I do n't think anybody would prefer that [ BP ] do that . "
Gibbs , however , did not say whether Obama would discuss the issue with BP .
One notable example of a company that decided to forgo a deduction is Goldman Sachs Group Inc. GS , +2.12 % , which agreed last month not to write off $ 535 million in penalties as part of its settlement with the Securities and Exchange Commission .
The SEC had sued Goldman Sachs , alleging that it hid critical information from investors in its mortgage securities .
SEC officials had come under fire from Congress for previously allowing tax deductions from penalties in other cases .
Analyst Fadel Gheit of Oppenheimer & Co. called the tax credit the result of " straightforward costs related to operation . "
But at least one Democratic lawmaker , U.S. Rep. James Oberstar of Minnesota , chairman of the committee on transportation and infrastructure , is appalled .
" BP 's decision to claim a nearly $ 10 billion tax credit stemming from costs it incurred during the oil spill cleanup is nothing short of reprehensible , " he said in a statement .
" At a time when the Gulf Coast is reeling from this catastrophic economic and environmental disaster , the last thing the region needs is for BP to substantially offset the amount it is paying to meet its responsibilities for cleanup and compensating victims , " Oberstar added .
Another wrinkle in this situation , though , is that it appears no other entity in hot water with the U.S. government has incurred costs on a similar scale as BP .
The company has agreed to put $ 20 billion in an escrow account to pay claims for oil - spill damages .
A goof ?
But half of that may now come out of government coffers , and it could prove to be embarrassing for the Obama administration , presuming the president and Hayward did not discuss the issue at their recent meeting , according to David Desser , managing director of Juris Capital , which invests in corporate litigation .
It was after that meeting that Hayward announced the $ 20 billion escrow fund .
" You would have thought in advance of that meeting , they would have thought of all of those issues , " Desser said .
" How do you unring that bell ? "
" It looks to me like maybe the administration goofed here , " he added .
Robert Yetman , associate professor for the University of California at Davis Graduate School of Management , said the critical question is whether the discussion between Obama and Hayward constitutes a " settlement . "
In the Goldman Sachs case , the company was sued by the SEC , but no formal legal action has yet been taken by the federal government against BP .
Goldman Sachs agreed to forgo any deduction for which it was eligible , but had the case run its course , any fine or penalty incurred would not be deductible .
Another key difference is that Goldman Sachs did n't really need the tax break , while BP 's bottom line is under severe pressure .
The company plans to shed a number of assets and reported a $ 17.2 billion second - quarter loss on Tuesday .
Read more about BP 's plans .
" BP is a little bit under the gun here , " Yetman said .
" I do n't know how they 're going to play it , and I do n't know how the public is going to respond .
But there are certainly differences . "
After the Deepwater Horizon rig exploded on April 20 , the damaged well a mile below the ocean 's surface spewed oil into Gulf waters for three months before the company was able to cap it .
BP is in the process of drilling a relief well to permanently plug the well .
While the spill has taken a toll on local economies throughout the Gulf Coast , it also has cost the company .
Hayward will be nominated as a nonexecutive director at BP 's Russian joint venture , and Robert Dudley will take over the beleaguered business .
BP shares were off 1.7 % to $ 38 in trading on Tuesday .
Springteq WeGo wireless steering - wheel - mounted control unit
So you want that fancy integrated OEM heads - up display ( HUD ) GPS navigation system you saw in your friend 's brand - new BMW , but ca n't afford to trade in your car just yet ?
Springteq has the solution : the WeGo all - in - one HUD navigation system .
The first of its kind for the aftermarket , the Springteq WeGo offers a virtual image in a HUD display system using the windshield as the medium , much like standard OEM HUDs .
But instead of paying a hefty package price on top of a new car , you can just plug the system into any existing vehicle and go .
Thanks to its compact size , it should n't take up any more dashboard real estate than a standard screen - based GPS system , and it wo n't obstruct your view as it hangs from the windshield like many do .
Springteq hopes to tap into the strong safety concern with driver distraction with its WeGo device .
The company says over 6 million accidents , 3 million injuries and 40,000 deaths each year are caused by inattention .
They argue the WeGo helps guard against inattention by keeping the driver 's eyes up and on the road even while looking at the projected navigation instructions .
You can keep your hands on the wheel , too , thanks to the included wireless remote that attaches to the steering wheel .
As the video below demonstrates , the system appears to be fairly colorful and clear , though it 's difficult to capture the true nature of a HUD system on film .
It 's due for release sometime in the fourth quarter of 2010 .
The price has n't been announced yet , but we 'd expect it to sit near or just above the current top-end of the aftermarket nav players , likely priced between $ 400 -600 .
[ Springteq via Gizmag ]
In a cavernous structure at NASA ’s Plum Brook Station near Lake Erie , a concrete chamber five stories high rises from the ground .
Its walls are 2 feet thick to withstand the blast of powerful gas - operated horns strong enough to destroy human organs .
The $ 150 - million facility was built to contain the next - generation manned spacecraft for the Constellation program , NASA ’s project to send humans back to the moon .
It is the largest acoustic test chamber in the world , created to buffet the spacecraft with intense sound waves , simulating the stresses of launch .
The only problem is that the Constellation program almost certainly will be dead within months .
President Obama in January proposed cancelling the troubled moon program , and a key Senate committee voted this week to kill Constellation .
Despite the apparent kiss of death , construction continues at Plum Brook Station and other NASA centers and at private aerospace companies across the nation , where more than 14,000 people are still working on Constellation .
Under pressure from Congress , NASA has been spending an average of about $ 9 million a day on the project .
After accomplishing so much in space for half a century , the nation now appears to lack not only the resources to mount a major human space program , but also the political will to eliminate the thousands of jobs connected with it .
“ It is a sad spectacle , ” said Loren Thompson , a longtime aerospace policy expert in Washington , referring to the dual - edged political sword that has constrained the once ambitious U.S. space program .
“ It is devolving into everybody trying to protect their home turf . ”
Veteran space industry observers say the manned space program is in deeper trouble and greater turmoil than at any time since the U.S. landed men on the moon more than 40 years ago .
“ The choice is : Do we have a space program or a jobs program , because we ca n’t have both , ” said Jeff Greason , president of XCOR Aerospace Inc. in Mojave and a member of a presidential panel that delivered a scathing assessment of the space program last year .
Politicians cannot agree on long - term goals for the human spaceflight program , and the vast network of NASA facilities and private contractors is unable to make plans that keep pace with political action in the capital .
In Texas , Alabama , Florida , Louisiana , Mississippi and Ohio , NASA is going forward with new test facilities , machine shops and assembly rooms , among other things that were started for the Constellation program .
At Marshall Space Flight Center in Alabama , where NASA is developing the new J - 2X rocket engine for Constellation , a spokeswoman said officials had not received guidance about what will happen after the end of the current fiscal year .
“ The space program has never been in as much disarray as it is now , ” Thompson said .
The manned space program is powered by $ 9 billion of NASA ’s $ 18.7 - billion budget this fiscal year and creates jobs by the tens of thousands across the country .
It is , by all accounts , a Cadillac enterprise , driven by high - profile past failures that have forced NASA into an extraordinarily risk - averse — and expensive — approach to spaceflight .
The Plum Brook acoustic chamber is part of that obsessive safety culture .
It was sized to accommodate the entire Altair lander , which was originally designed to ferry as many as four astronauts to the lunar surface .
The planning for Plum Brook and a slew of other Constellation facilities began not long after the 2004 space vision proposed by President George W. Bush .
One year after the Columbia space shuttle accident , Bush said the Constellation would start flying by 2012 .
The program meant a new pot of money for NASA , including a $ 1.2 - billion contract to build the J - 2X and $ 180 million to develop a new spacesuit for the moon program .
But , according to a report last year from the presidential panel of space experts , the program was never adequately funded , receiving perhaps only a third of what it needed to meet its objectives .
The project was estimated to cost $ 240 billion but was getting about $ 3 billion per year .
“ We were on an unsustainable path , ” Greason said .
“ So change of some kind was inevitable . ”
When Obama said he wanted to kill the Constellation program , it ignited a political backlash .
Congress was reluctant to cancel it , wanting to preserve jobs and expertise in the nation ’s industrial base .
The battle over Constellation has revolved largely around jobs at NASA ’s major centers in Texas , Florida and Alabama .
But the termination of Constellation also threatens companies that have long supported NASA , such as rocket engine manufacturers Pratt & Whitney Rocketdyne in Canoga Park and ATK Aerospace Systems in Utah .
A possible compromise was struck last week by a Senate committee , but only after jobs were preserved .
The Senate Commerce , Science and Transportation Committee agreed to cancel Constellation but voted to add $ 1 billion to keep the space shuttle flying through next summer and possibly much longer to preserve jobs .
The space shuttle was supposed to be retired this year .
The compromise was consistent with the Obama administration ’s strategy of shifting focus to a new breed of private launch companies to ferry astronauts to low Earth orbit to avoid the high cost and slow pace of development by government - run programs .
Space Exploration Technologies Corp. , or SpaceX , has a NASA contract to supply the space station with cargo and eventually hopes to develop a spacecraft that can carry up to seven astronauts into orbit .
So far , the Torrance - based company has developed its Falcon family of rockets and conducted six unmanned test flights .
“ NASA used to be allowed to take more risks , ” said Kenneth Bowersox , a veteran astronaut who is now a vice president at SpaceX .
“ A failure can paralyze them for years . ”
The NASA centers have begun to sense the shift and are trying to market their capabilities to the new era .
David L. Stringer , a retired Air Force brigadier general who is director of Plum Brook , argued that even without Altair , the center ’s acoustic test chamber will ultimately be useful for future programs , whatever they are .
Stringer is promoting a plan to build a $ 30 - million runway at Plum Brook so spacecraft can be flown directly into the center , rather than to airports near Cleveland .
Plum Brook has unique testing facilities , including the world ’s largest thermal vacuum chamber , which can simulate the conditions of deep space .
But experts worry that a loss of expertise within NASA could drain away the ambition to put humans in space , which has been the driving force of the space program for more than 50 years .
“ What is really happening here is the end of the U.S. human space exploration program , ” Thompson said .
“ It is emblematic of a shortening of American horizons . ”
ralph.vartabedian@latimes.com
Image caption Resources to help people quit smoking " should be better targeted "
The gap between average life expectancy and that of the poorest in England is widening despite efforts to close it , a National Audit Office report says .
Life expectancy is now 77.9 years for men and 82 years for women but in poor areas it falls to 75.8 and 80.4 years .
The NAO says this means that from 1995 - 97 to 2006 - 08 the life expectancy gap grew by 7 % for men and 14 % for women .
It is calling for more investment to help GPs tackle problems like smoking and poor diet in poor communities .
The NAO says the figures mean a Labour government target to reduce the difference in life expectancy by 10 % by 2010 is unlikely to be met .
Blood pressure
Its report says it is not possible to show how much money has been spent on tackling health inequalities , as primary care trusts ( PCTs ) are not allocated specific funding for the task .
But it says that at present the system " does not provide enough of an incentive " to encourage family doctors to focus on the neediest groups in their practices .
The report says it would not cost " a large amount of money " - £ 24 m a year - to take key actions which would improve health in deprived areas .
These include increasing the prescribing of drugs to reduce cholesterol and control blood pressure , and doubling the capacity of services which help people quit smoking .
The report contrasts that amount with the £ 3.9bn spent by PCTs in the poorest areas on treating circulatory and respiratory illness .
Life expectancy for everyone in England improved under Labour , and now stands at almost 78 years for men and 82 years for women .
MORTALITY RATES FELL SLOWEST IN THE PRIMARY CARE TRUSTS OF : Salford
Bolton
Middlesbrough
Blackburn with Darwen
Hartlepool
Bradford
Oldham
Nottingham City
Sandwell
Ashton , Leigh and Wigan
Leicester City
Hull
Blackpool Fergus on age
But the improvement rate has been slower in the most deprived communities , and currently the equivalent figures are 75.8 years for men and 80.4 years for women .
Analysis also showed that success rates in stop - smoking programmes were lower in the poorest communities than in other areas .
Karen Taylor , from the NAO , said : " This has been an intractable and costly problem .
" It 's likely improvements will start to happen - but at the moment , health inequalities are widening .
" Moving forward , there needs to be much more targeted action - with GPs and other healthcare professionals being aware of the need to actively intervene with the lowest socio- economic groups , to educate them and to provide the drugs which will improve their health outcomes .
" People in those groups are less likely to attend GPs , and also those areas still tend to be under - served with doctors . "
Prevention
Health minister Anne Milton said : " We want the public 's health to be at the very heart of all we do .
" I want to see the NHS , doctors and local government acting at the right time to improve the health of those who need it most . "
The government has pledged to increase the proportion of the health budget in England which is spent on preventing illness - something the NAO welcomed .
Ms Taylor said : " It 's stayed steady - at about 4 % .
The new government has talked about an increase to perhaps 5 % .
That 's actually a big increase , when you think about the whole health budget . "
Professor Alan Maryon - Davis , president of the UK Faculty of Public Health , said sustained action to tackle inequalities was essential .
" It 's like turning round a supertanker .
It takes time , and the combined effort of healthcare , social services , education , housing , employment , and environment .
But we 've got to keep the pressure up - the very survival of the NHS depends on closing this gap . "
A spokesman for the British Medical Association , which has just concluded its annual conference , said : " We are disappointed that today 's report says that the Department of Health will not meet its target to reduce the health inequalities gap .
" At our meeting , the BMA passed a motion calling on the government to increase expenditure on prevention services to reduce health inequalities .
" It is particularly important to do this in early years to give every child the best start in life .
We will also lobby for fiscal policies to narrow the income gap between the poorest and the richest in society .
Doctors believe it is necessary to take this action to tackle health inequalities . "
I am off back to Paris by road today and I thought , given the response to what happened at Hockenheim on Sunday , that it would be a good idea to take a step back from the nitty - gritty paint a view of the event with a rather broader brush .
I have no doubt that there will be much analysis elsewhere of the technical issues involved .
I could write about the duel of fastest laps between the Ferrari drivers in the final laps of the race , as each apparently tried to prove a point .
Prior to the change of position on lap 49 Felipe Massa ’s best lap was a 1m17.166s .
Fernando Alonso ’s was a 1m17.012s .
The difference was not big enough to allow Alonso to overtake .
He could not do it .
After the changeover Alonso took his best lap time down to 1m16.770s on lap 51 .
Massa was clearly dispirited and dropped back towards Vettel , although it was clear that he had the pace to hold off Sebastian if that was what was required .
Then towards the end of the race , Felipe seemed to revive and attack and the two Ferrari drivers traded fastest laps .
On lap 65 Massa set a 1m16.182s , just slower than Alonso ’s 1m16.103s .
Alonso could manage only a 1m16.505s on the same lap .
On lap 66 Alonso took his best down to 1m15.880s , Massa recorded a 1m16.097s .
Vettel ended up trumping the pair of them on the very last lap , but he was clearly not really trying that hard in the final part of the race and set the fastest lap to amuse himself .
Prior to that it seemed that he had accepted that track position meant that there was no point in pushing .
If one cannot overtake there is not much point in taking unnecessary risks .
He took the points .
That was all the car was going to achieve .
The numbers prove that Alonso was not really quicker than Massa , although that analysis may be skewed by the fact that the leader does not have to scorch away if it is not essential .
The art is to win the race at the slowest possible pace , so as not to stress the car more than is absolutely necessary .
The fact that Alonso made a lot of noise on the radio about how quick he was is neither here nor there .
If he could overtake Massa , he should have done it .
Clearly he could not .
And when he was allowed to overtake he did not prove conclusively that he had the quicker car .
Long after the race was done and the penalty announced I sat down with the Ferrari press officer Luca Colajanni and we talked the whole thing through , without any emotion involved .
From that it became clear that the problem is simply one of the way one looks at the sport .
Sebastian Vettel was not a threat to the Ferrari 1 - 2 .
He might have been if the car had suddenly improved , but one should not be making such decisions based on ifs and buts .
The evidence was that the Ferraris had Vettel under control and Sebastian ’s pace suggests that he knew that .
The rancour between Ferrari and the fans is about a clash of philosophies .
For the average fan what is important is not just that they watch a straight fight between two competitors , but that the sport itself is portrayed in a good light .
Fans are passionate about the sport , about its traditions and they want to be able to say that they are proud of it when challenged by some ping - pong freak or a follower of synchronised swimming .
The media may or may not be the representatives of the fans ( the fans have no representation without the media ) but what motivated the attacks on Alonso after the race was a mixture of two things : one was that many of the sport ’s writers are passionate fans ; the second was that for the professional journalists this represented a good story .
Alonso ’s responses to the questions indicated that he feels that all the F1 press are simply hacks looking for a front page lead .
He needs to be educated to fully understand why it is that he is not as popular as perhaps he should be given the talents he has .
No real fan can be proud of a sport that allows things like the Ferrari switch at Hockenheim .
It compounded the widely - held belief that F1 is a business rather than a sport .
Ferrari believes in certain sporting ideals , but the view is that F1 is a team sport and that the individual must therefore be subjugated for the good of the cause .
The cause is to sell more Ferrari road cars , generate better profits for the company and maintain the F1 marketing “ tool ” by keeping the sponsors happy .
One must therefore ask the question : Did Ferrari achieve these goals in Hockenheim ?
The team management obviously felt that giving Alonso more points than Massa was the right thing to do .
One can see that argument .
Massa started the race with 67 points and Alonso had 98 .
A victory for Massa and a failure to score by Alonso would have put the two very close in the championship .
There are still eight of the 19 races remaining and so the World Championship remains wide open .
Massa took the lead at the start after Vettel aggressively shoved Alonso towards the pitwall .
This was the fault of neither driver .
Things happen in races and the drivers have to accept them .
That ’s racing !
The Ferrari argument is that if the team is to have any chance of winning the title this year it is best not to have the drivers splitting the available points between them .
Colajanni argued that Massa will be paid back for what he did when – and if – the circumstances allow it .
Ferrari ’s attitude is really just an attempt to bring order to the chaos of life and control as many elements as possible .
But what happens , say , if Alonso slips on a banana skin and breaks his leg ?
Massa will be less able to offer a challenge because he has been disadvantaged with the Hockenheim manoeuvre .
I think it is fair to say that by asking Massa to do what is best for the team , Ferrari is putting all of its eggs in one basket .
It may work out and Fernando may sweep to a third title .
The theory goes that people will then buy Ferrari road cars and other paraphernalia as a result of his triumph .
Hmmmm …
I would argue ( and did ) that what drives sports fans to spend their money on luxuries such as team memorabilia and very fast cars is not the result , but rather the way results are achieved .
They will spend more if they feel an engagement with the team .
If it makes them feel good .
There are two ways of winning : one can win in a functional sense and one can win in style .
This is why I believe Massa is more popular than Alonso , because while Fernando has had all manner of scrapes and question marks during his F1 career , the drive to win has always been a functional one .
Winning was the goal and the route taken to get there was not important to him .
Massa , on the other hand , has shown that one can be a champion without actually being the World Champion .
He showed that in Brazil in 2008 .
The hard - bitten F1 folks would argue that losing with grace is still losing , but they miss the point that one can win in defeat and lose in victory .
What Massa did on Sunday is going to hurt his image in Brazil a great deal , just as Rubens Barrichello was badly damaged by helping Ferrari ( and by extension Michael Schumacher ) in the old days .
Felipe made a huge sacrifice on Sunday and one wonders whether it really will be repaid .
On the other side of the coin , Ferrari blew a great opportunity on Sunday .
It would have been the perfect human interest story to have Massa win a race a year to the day after he was nearly killed in Hungary .
It would have been a fairytale , and people like fairytales .
They like happy endings .
This is why film makers for generations have used them .
They sell .
They make people feel warm and wonderful .
Ferrari ’s choice to go down the pragmatic route rather than indulge in a little romance is a sign that the firm is run by people who do what is best for the company , put who at the same time put Ferrari before the sport as a whole .
Jean
Todt was like that when he was running things at Maranello , but he now has a new job and he has a different attitude .
His job now is to protect the sport and I feel that Ferrari ’s punishment is not over yet .
If one is given a job , one does the best one possibly can in that role .
Alonso said that himself on Sunday .
So Ferrari should expect
Todt to do his FIA job as it should be done .
I have long believed that several of the other top teams have a better understanding than Ferrari of why it is important to always put the sport first .
Pull back a little more and one might conclude that the problem is that sporting values and money are impossible bedmates .
There is not much that can be done about that .
They need one another and so are stuck in a marriage that is not always plain sailing .
The same problem is being seen everywhere in F1 .
Some believe that F1 is there in order to generate the maximum profits for them .
This works as long as they get away with it , but it does not work for the sport .
If ever one needed evidence of this one had only to go to Hockenheim .
There are six German drivers in F1 today .
Vettel is battling for the World Championship , admittedly Michael Schumacher is a shadow of his former self , but one would expect the grandstands to be full all the time .
The official crowd figures were little short of disastrous .
Two years ago the three - day crowd figure was 240,000 , with 115,000 fans present on race day .
This year the three - day total was 165,000 , with race day boasting just 65,000 .
And this with six Germans on the grid .
The problem is that the tickets are simply too expensive because the businessmen are squeezing the sport too much …
Business and sport at odds as ever …
In findings that contribute to efforts to design an AIDS vaccine , a team led by Scripps Research Institute scientists has determined the structure of an immune system antibody molecule that effectively acts against most strains of human immunodeficiency virus ( HIV ) , the virus that causes AIDS .
The study , which is being published in an advance , online issue of the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences ( PNAS ) during the week of June 1 , 2010 , illuminates an unusual human antibody called PG16 .
" This study advances the overall goal of how to design an HIV vaccine , " said Scripps Research Professor Ian Wilson , who led the team with Dennis Burton , Scripps Research professor and scientific director of the International AIDS Vaccine Initiative ( IAVI ) Neutralizing Antibody Center at Scripps Research .
" This antibody is highly effective in neutralizing HIV - 1 and has evolved novel features to combat the virus . "
The Problem with HIV
According to the World Health Organization 's latest statistics , around 33 million people are living with HIV worldwide .
During 2008 alone , more than 2 million men , women , and children succumbed to the disease and an estimated 2.7 million were infected with HIV .
One of the most compelling medical challenges today is to develop a vaccine that will provide complete protection to someone who is later exposed to this virus .
HIV causes AIDS by binding to , entering , and ultimately leading to the death of T helper cells , which are immune cells that are necessary to fight off infections by common bacteria and other pathogens .
As HIV depletes the body of T helper cells , common pathogens can become potentially lethal .
advertisement
An effective HIV vaccine would induce antibodies ( specialized immune system molecules ) against the virus prior to exposure to the virus .
Also called immunoglobulins , these antibodies would circulate through the blood , and track down and kill the virus .
Most of the antibodies that the body produces to fight HIV , however , are ineffective .
The surface of the virus is cloaked with sugar molecules that prevent antibodies from slipping in and blocking the proteins the virus uses to latch onto a cell and infect it .
To make matters more complicated , HIV is constantly mutating , so there are multiple HIV strains that antibodies elicited in any vaccine must be able to sense and destroy .
Nonetheless , while rare , broadly neutralizing antibodies against HIV do exist .
Last year , a team of scientists from IAVI , Scripps Research , Theraclone Sciences , and Monogram Biosciences published research from a systematic search for such antibodies among 2,000 volunteers .
The study revealed two powerful new broadly neutralizing antibodies against HIV -- PG9 and PG16 , isolated from a volunteer in Africa .
" Hammerhead " Structure
Once the broadly neutralizing antibodies were discovered , the next challenge was to figure out how they worked .
To shed light on this question , in the current study members of the Wilson lab turned to x-ray crystallography , a technique that can solve structures to exquisitely high resolution .
advertisement
In x-ray crystallography , scientists manipulate a protein or some other molecule so that a crystal forms .
This crystal is then placed in front of a beam of x-rays , which diffract when they strike the atoms in the crystal .
Based on the pattern of diffraction , scientists can reconstruct the shape of the original molecule .
The scientists succeeded in forming crystals of the active part of the PG16 antibody , and in reconstructing the structure from the data -- with some surprising results .
" The antibody has a novel and really interesting subdomain that has n't been seen before , " said Research Associate Rob Pejchal , who is first author of the paper .
" This subdomain , which we found plays a major role in the recognition and neutralization of HIV , has a different kind of antibody architecture .
We like to call it the ' hammerhead ' because it resembles the head of a hammerhead shark .
It reaches out from the main part of the antibody and it has two flat ends on top . "
Co-author Laura Walker , a graduate student in the Scripps Research Kellogg School of Science and Technology , added , " This hypervariable loop ( CDR3 ) that forms the novel subdomain is also unusually long for an antibody .
Almost all of the antibodies we know to be broadly neutralizing against HIV have one unusual feature or another . "
Pejchal notes that the study also revealed that PG16 was sulfated , suggesting possible mechanisms of action not usually seen in antibodies this effective against HIV .
While the scientists were unsuccessful so far in crystallizing PG16's sister molecule PG9 , they were able to glean insight into its action from biochemical studies using both molecules .
By switching a small ( seven- amino acid ) segment of the CDR3 subdomain of PG9 for a similar segment from PG16 , the team changed the subset of HIV isolates neutralized by the antibody .
This confirmed the loop in question was the " business end " of the antibody and suggested that it might be possible to create other interesting variants of the antibody by manipulating this region .
Seth Berkley , president and CEO of IAVI , which funded the study with the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases ( NIAID ) of the National Institute of Health ( NIH ) , noted , " These studies of PG16 have taught us a lot about how these neutralizing antibodies work .
I am particularly excited by the possibilities these findings open up for AIDS vaccine development , since the breadth and potency of HIV neutralization achieved by PG16 is what we'd like to see in the antibodies elicited by a vaccine .
IAVI and its researchers will continue to support the application of these findings to the design of novel immunogens against HIV .
We hope that we will be able to translate the insights gleaned from this study into the design of a promising AIDS vaccine candidate . "
In addition to Wilson , Burton , Pejchal , and Walker , authors of the paper are Robyn Stanfield and Pascal Poignard of Scripps Research and IAVI , Wayne Koff and Sanjay Phogat of IAVI New York .
This study was supported by IAVI , NIAID , the Skaggs Institute of the Scripps Research Institute , and the Ragon Institute .
Ten Essential Development Practices
The following ten tips come from Perl Best Practices , a new book of Perl coding and development guidelines by Damian Conway .
1. Design the Module ’s Interface First
The most important aspect of any module is not how it implements the facilities it provides , but the way in which it provides those facilities in the first place .
If the module ’s API is too awkward , or too complex , or too extensive , or too fragmented , or even just poorly named , developers will avoid using it .
They ’ll write their own code instead .
In that way , a poorly designed module can actually reduce the overall maintainability of a system .
Designing module interfaces requires both experience and creativity .
Perhaps the easiest way to work out how an interface should work is to “ play test ” it : to write examples of code that will use the module before implementing the module itself .
These examples will not be wasted when the design is complete .
You can usually recycle them into demos , documentation examples , or the core of a test suite .
The key , however , is to write that code as if the module were already available , and write it the way you ’d most like the module to work .
Once you have some idea of the interface you want to create , convert your “ play tests ” into actual tests ( see Tip # 2 ) .
Then it ’s just a Simple Matter Of Programming to make the module work the way that the code examples and the tests want it to .
Of course , it may not be possible for the module to work the way you ’d most like , in which case attempting to implement it that way will help you determine what aspects of your API are not practical , and allow you to work out what might be an acceptable alternative .
2. Write the Test Cases Before the Code
Probably the single best practice in all of software development is writing your test suite first .
A test suite is an executable , self - verifying specification of the behavior of a piece of software .
If you have a test suite , you can–at any point in the development process–verify that the code works as expected .
If you have a test suite , you can–after any changes during the maintenance cycle–verify that the code still works as expected .
Write the tests first .
Write them as soon as you know what your interface will be ( see # 1 ) .
Write them before you start coding your application or module .
Unless you have tests , you have no unequivocal specification of what the software should do , and no way of knowing whether it does it .
Writing tests always seems like a chore , and an unproductive chore at that : you do n’t have anything to test yet , so why write tests ?
Yet most developers will –almost automatically –write driver software to test their new module in an ad hoc way :
> cat try_inflections.pl #
Test my shiny new English inflections module ... use Lingua:: EN :: Inflect qw ( inflect ) ; #
Try some plurals ( both standard and unusual inflections ) ... my % plural_of = ( ' house ' => ' houses ' , ' mouse ' => ' mice ' , ' box ' => ' boxes ' , ' ox ' => ' oxen ' , ' goose ' => ' geese ' , ' mongoose ' => ' mongooses ' , ' law ' => ' laws ' , ' mother - in- law ' => ' mothers - in-law ' , ) ; # For each of them , print both the expected result and the actual inflection ... for my $ word ( keys % plural_of ) { my $ expected = $ plural_of { $ word} ; my $ computed = inflect ( " PL_N ( $ word ) " ) ; print " For $ word :
" , " \tExpected : $ expected
" , " \tComputed : $ computed
" ; }
A driver like that is actually harder to write than a test suite , because you have to worry about formatting the output in a way that is easy to read .
It ’s also much harder to use the driver than it would be to use a test suite , because every time you run it you have to wade though that formatted output and verify “ by eye ” that everything is as it should be .
That ’s also error - prone ; eyes are not optimized for picking out small differences in the middle of large amounts of nearly identical text .
Instead of hacking together a driver program , it ’s easier to write a test program using the standard Test : : Simple module .
Instead of print statements showing what ’s being tested , you just write calls to the ok ( ) subroutine , specifying as its first argument the condition under which things are okay , and as its second argument a description of what you ’re actually testing :
> cat inflections .t use Lingua:: EN : : Inflect qw ( inflect ) ; use Test :: Simple qw ( no_plan ) ; my % plural_of = ( ' mouse ' => ' mice ' , ' house ' => ' houses ' , ' ox ' => ' oxen ' , ' box ' => ' boxes ' , ' goose ' => ' geese ' , ' mongoose ' => ' mongooses ' , ' law ' => ' laws ' , ' mother - in - law ' => ' mothers - in - law ' , ) ; for my $ word ( keys % plural_of ) { my $ expected = $ plural_of { $ word} ; my $ computed = inflect ( " PL_N ( $ word ) " ) ; ok ( $ computed eq $ expected , " $ word -> $ expected " ) ; }
Note that this code loads Test : : Simple with the argument qw ( no_plan ) .
Normally that argument would be tests => count , indicating how many tests to expect , but here the tests are generated from the % plural_of table at run time , so the final count will depend on how many entries are in that table .
Specifying a fixed number of tests when loading the module is useful if you happen know that number at compile time , because then the module can also “ meta - test : ” verify that you carried out all the tests you expected to .
The Test :: Simple program is slightly more concise and readable than the original driver code , and the output is much more compact and informative :
> perl inflections.t ok 1 - house -> houses ok 2 - law -> laws not ok 3 - mongoose -> mongooses # Failed test ( inflections .t at line 21 ) ok 4 - goose -> geese ok 5 - ox -> oxen not ok 6 - mother - in - law -> mothers - in - law # Failed test ( inflections .t at line 21 ) ok 7 - mouse -> mice ok 8 - box -> boxes 1..8 # Looks like you failed 2 tests of 8 .
More importantly , this version requires far less effort to verify the correctness of each test .
You just scan down the left margin looking for a not and a comment line .
You might prefer to use the Test :: More module instead of Test : : Simple .
Then you can specify the actual and expected values separately , by using the is ( ) subroutine , rather than ok ( ) :
use Lingua:: EN : : Inflect qw ( inflect ) ; use Test :: More qw ( no_plan ) ; #
Now using more advanced testing tools my % plural_of = ( ' mouse ' => ' mice ' , ' house ' => ' houses ' , ' ox ' => ' oxen ' , ' box ' => ' boxes ' , ' goose ' => ' geese ' , ' mongoose ' => ' mongooses ' , ' law ' => ' laws ' , ' mother - in - law ' => ' mothers - in - law ' , ) ; for my $ word ( keys % plural_of ) { my $ expected = $ plural_of { $ word} ; my $ computed = inflect ( " PL_N ( $ word ) " ) ; #
Test expected and computed inflections for string equality ... is ( $ computed , $ expected , " $ word -> $ expected " ) ; }
Apart from no longer having to type the eq yourself , this version also produces more detailed error messages :
> perl inflections.t ok 1 - house -> houses ok 2 - law -> laws not ok 3 - mongoose -> mongooses # Failed test ( inflections .t at line 20 ) # got : ' mongeese ' # expected : ' mongooses ' ok 4 - goose -> geese ok 5 - ox -> oxen not ok 6 - mother - in - law -> mothers - in - law # Failed test ( inflections .t at line 20 ) # got : ' mothers - in - laws ' # expected : ' mothers - in - law ' ok 7 - mouse -> mice ok 8 - box -> boxes 1..8 # Looks like you failed 2 tests of 8 .
The Test :: Tutorial documentation that comes with Perl 5.8 provides a gentle introduction to both Test : : Simple and Test :: More .
3. Create Standard POD Templates for Modules and Applications
One of the main reasons documentation can often seem so unpleasant is the “ blank page effect . ”
Many programmers simply do n’t know how to get started or what to say .
Perhaps the easiest way to make writing documentation less forbidding ( and hence , more likely to actually occur ) is to circumvent that initial empty screen by providing a template that developers can cut and paste into their code .
For a module , that documentation template might look something like this :
=head1 NAME < Module :: Name > - < One-line description of module 's purpose > =head1 VERSION
The initial template usually just has :
This documentation refers to < Module : : Name > version 0.0.1 .
=head1 SYNOPSIS use < Module : : Name > ; # Brief but working code example (s ) here showing the most common usage(s ) #
This section will be as far as many users bother reading , so make it as # educational and exemplary as possible .
=head1 DESCRIPTION
A full description of the module and its features .
May include numerous subsections ( i.e. , =head2 , =head3 , etc. ) .
=head1 SUBROUTINES / METHODS
A separate section listing the public components of the module 's interface .
These normally consist of either subroutines that may be exported , or methods that may be called on objects belonging to the classes that the module provides .
Name the section accordingly .
In an object - oriented module , this section should begin with a sentence ( of the form " An object of this class represents ... " ) to give the reader a high - level context to help them understand the methods that are subsequently described .
=head1 DIAGNOSTICS
A list of every error and warning message that the module can generate ( even the ones that will " never happen " ) , with a full explanation of each problem , one or more likely causes , and any suggested remedies .
=head1 CONFIGURATION AND ENVIRONMENT
A full explanation of any configuration system (s ) used by the module , including the names and locations of any configuration files , and the meaning of any environment variables or properties that can be set .
These descriptions must also include details of any configuration language used .
=head1 DEPENDENCIES
A list of all of the other modules that this module relies upon , including any restrictions on versions , and an indication of whether these required modules are part of the standard Perl distribution , part of the module 's distribution , or must be installed separately .
=head1 INCOMPATIBILITIES
A list of any modules that this module cannot be used in conjunction with .
This may be due to name conflicts in the interface , or competition for system or program resources , or due to internal limitations of Perl ( for example , many modules that use source code filters are mutually incompatible ) .
=head1 BUGS AND LIMITATIONS
A list of known problems with the module , together with some indication of whether they are likely to be fixed in an upcoming release .
Also , a list of restrictions on the features the module does provide : data types that cannot be handled , performance issues and the circumstances in which they may arise , practical limitations on the size of data sets , special cases that are not ( yet ) handled , etc .
The initial template usually just has :
There are no known bugs in this module .
Please report problems to < Maintainer name (s ) > ( < contact address > )
Patches are welcome .
=head1 AUTHOR < Author name (s ) > ( < contact address > ) =head1 LICENSE AND COPYRIGHT Copyright ( c ) < year > < copyright holder > ( < contact address > ) .
All rights reserved .
followed by whatever license you wish to release it under .
For Perl code that is often just :
This module is free software ; you can redistribute it and / or modify it under the same terms as Perl itself .
See L< perlartistic >.
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful , but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY ; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE .
Of course , the specific details that your templates provide may vary from those shown here , according to your other coding practices .
The most likely variation will be in the license and copyright , but you may also have specific in - house conventions regarding version numbering , the grammar of diagnostic messages , or the attribution of authorship .
4. Use a Revision Control System
Maintaining control over the creation and modification of your source code is utterly essential for robust team - based development .
And not just over source code : you should be revision controlling your documentation , and data files , and document templates , and makefiles , and style sheets , and change logs , and any other resources your system requires .
Just as you would n’t use an editor without an Undo command or a word processor that can’t merge documents , so too you should n’t use a file system you can’t rewind , or a development environment that ca n’t integrate the work of many contributors .
Programmers make mistakes , and occasionally those mistakes will be catastrophic .
They will reformat the disk containing the most recent version of the code .
Or they ’ll mistype an editor macro and write zeros all through the source of a critical core module .
Or two developers will unwittingly edit the same file at the same time and half their changes will be lost .
Revision control systems can prevent those kinds of problems .
Moreover , occasionally the very best debugging technique is to just give up , stop trying to get yesterday ’s modifications to work correctly , roll the code back to a known stable state , and start over again .
Less drastically , comparing the current condition of your code with the most recent stable version from your repository ( even just a line - by - line diff ) can often help you isolate your recent “ improvements ” and work out which of them is the problem .
Revision control systems such as RCS , CVS , Subversion , Monotone , darcs , Perforce , GNU arch , or BitKeeper can protect against calamities , and ensure that you always have a working fallback position if maintenance goes horribly wrong .
The various systems have different strengths and limitations , many of which stem from fundamentally different views on what exactly revision control is .
It ’s a good idea to audition the various revision control systems , and find the one that works best for you .
Pragmatic Version Control Using Subversion , by Mike Mason ( Pragmatic Bookshelf , 2005 ) and Essential CVS , by Jennifer Vesperman ( O’Reilly , 2003 ) are useful starting points .
5. Create Consistent Command - Line Interfaces
Command - line interfaces have a strong tendency to grow over time , accreting new options as you add features to the application .
Unfortunately , the evolution of such interfaces is rarely designed , managed , or controlled , so the set of flags , options , and arguments that a given application accepts are likely to be ad hoc and unique .
This also means they ’re likely to be inconsistent with the unique ad hoc sets of flags , options , and arguments that other related applications provide .
The result is inevitably a suite of programs , each of which is driven in a distinct and idiosyncratic way .
For example :
> orchestrate source.
txt - to interim.orc > remonstrate +interim.rem - interim.orc > fenestrate --src=interim.rem --dest=final.wdw
Invalid input format > fenestrate -- help Unknown option : -- help .
Type ' fenestrate - hmo ' for help
Here , the orchestrate utility expects its input file as its first argument , while the - to flag specifies its output file .
The related remonstrate tool uses - infile and +outfile options instead , with the output file coming first .
The fenestrate program seems to require GNU - style “ long options : ” -- src=infile and -- dest=outfile , except , apparently , for its oddly named help flag .
All in all , it ’s a mess .
When you ’re providing a suite of programs , all of them should appear to work the same way , using the same flags and options for the same features across all applications .
This enables your users to take advantage of existing knowledge–instead of continually asking you .
Those three programs should work like this :
> orchestrate - i source .
txt -o dest.orc > remonstrate - i source.orc -o dest.rem > fenestrate - i source.rem -o dest.wdw Input file ( ' source.rem ' ) not a valid Remora file ( type " fenestrate -- help " for help ) > fenestrate -- help fenestrate - convert Remora .rem files to Windows .wdw format Usage : fenestrate [ - i < infile > ] [ - o < outfile > ] [ - cstq ] [ - h | - v ] Options : - i < infile >
Specify input source [ default : STDIN ] -o < outfile >
Specify output destination [ default : STDOUT ] -c
Attempt to produce a more compact representation -h Use horizontal ( landscape ) layout -v Use vertical ( portrait ) layout -s Be strict regarding input -t Be extra tolerant regarding input -q Run silent -- version Print version information -- usage Print the usage line of this summary -- help Print this summary -- man Print the complete manpage
Here , every application that takes input and output files uses the same two flags to do so .
A user who wants to use the substrate utility ( to convert that final .wdw file to a subroutine ) is likely to be able to guess correctly the required syntax :
> substrate - i dest.wdw -o dest.sub
Anyone who ca n’t guess that probably can guess that :
> substrate -- help
is likely to render aid and comfort .
A large part of making interfaces consistent is being consistent in specifying the individual components of those interfaces .
Some conventions that may help to design consistent and predictable interfaces include :
Require a flag preceding every piece of command - line data , except filenames .
Users do n’t want to have to remember that your application requires “ input file , output file , block size , operation , fallback strategy , ” and requires them in that precise order : > lustrate sample_data proc_data 1000 normalize log
They want to be able to say explicitly what they mean , in any order that suits them : > lustrate sample_data proc_data - op=normalize - b1000 -- fallback=log
Provide a flag for each filename , too , especially when a program can be given files for different purposes .
Users might also not want to remember the order of the two positional filenames , so let them label those arguments as well , and specify them in whatever order they prefer : > lustrate - i sample_data - op normalize - b1000 -- fallback log -o proc_data
Use a single - prefix for short - form flags , up to three letters ( - v , - i , - rw , - in , - out ) .
Experienced users appreciate short - form flags as a way of reducing typing and limiting command - line clutter .
Do n’t make them type two dashes in these shortcuts .
Use a double -- prefix for longer flags ( -- verbose , -- interactive , -- readwrite , -- input , -- output ) .
Flags that are complete words improve the readability of a command line ( in a shell script , for example ) .
The double dash also helps to distinguish between the longer flag name and any nearby file names .
If a flag expects an associated value , allow an optional = between the flag and the value .
Some people prefer to visually associate a value with its preceding flag : > lustrate - i=sample_data - op=normalize - b=1000 --fallback=log -o=proc_data
Others do n’t : > lustrate - i sample_data - op normalize - b1000 -- fallback log -o proc_data
Still others want a bit each way : > lustrate - i sample_data -o proc_data - op=normalize - b=1000 --fallback=log
Let the user choose .
Allow single - letter options to be “ bundled ” after a single dash .
It ’s irritating to have to type repeated dashes for a series of flags : > lustrate - i sample_data -v -l -x Allow experienced users to also write : > lustrate - i sample_data -vlx
Provide a multi- letter version of every single - letter flag .
Short - form flags may be nice for experienced users , but they can be troublesome for new users : hard to remember and even harder to recognize .
Do n’t force people to do either .
Give them a verbose alternative to every concise flag ; full words that are easier to remember , and also more self - documenting in shell scripts .
Always allow - as a special filename .
A widely used convention is that a dash ( - ) where an input file is expected means “ read from standard input , ” and a dash where an output file is expected means “ write to standard output . ”
Always allow -- as a file list marker .
Another widely used convention is that the appearance of a double dash ( -- ) on the command line marks the end of any flagged options , and indicates that the remaining arguments are a list of filenames , even if some of them look like flags .
6. Agree Upon a Coherent Layout Style and Automate
It with perltidy
Formatting .
Indentation .
Style .
Code layout .
Whatever you choose to call it , it ’s one of the most contentious aspects of programming discipline .
More and bloodier wars have been fought over code layout than over just about any other aspect of coding .
What is the best practice here ?
Should you use classic Kernighan and Ritchie style ?
Or go with BSD code formatting ?
Or adopt the layout scheme specified by the GNU project ?
Or conform to the Slashcode coding guidelines ?
Of course not !
Everyone knows that < insert your personal coding style here > is the One True Layout Style , the only sane choice , as ordained by < insert your favorite Programming Deity here > since Time Immemorial !
Any other choice is manifestly absurd , willfully heretical , and self - evidently a Work of Darkness !
That ’s precisely the problem .
When deciding on a layout style , it ’s hard to decide where rational choices end and rationalized habits begin .
Adopting a coherently designed approach to code layout , and then applying that approach consistently across all your coding , is fundamental to best - practice programming .
Good layout can improve the readability of a program , help detect errors within it , and make the structure of your code much easier to comprehend .
Layout matters .
However , most coding styles –including the four mentioned earlier –confer those benefits almost equally well .
While it ’s true that having a consistent code layout scheme matters very much indeed , the particular code layout scheme you ultimately decide upon does not matter at all !
All that matters is that you adopt a single , coherent style ; one that works for your entire programming team , and , having agreed upon that style , that you then apply it consistently across all your development .
In the long term , it ’s best to train yourself and your team to code in a consistent , rational , and readable style .
However , the time and commitment necessary to accomplish that is n’t always available .
In such cases , a reasonable compromise is to prescribe a standard code - formatting tool that must be applied to all code before it ’s committed , reviewed , or otherwise displayed in public .
There is now an excellent code formatter available for Perl : perltidy .
It provides an extensive range of user - configurable options for indenting , block delimiter positioning , column - like alignment , and comment positioning .
Using perltidy , you can convert code like this :
if ( $ sigil eq ' $ ' ) { if ( $ subsigil eq '? ' ) {
$ sym_table{substr($var_name,2)}=delete $ sym_table{locate_orig_var( $var)} ; $ internal_count++;$has_internal{$var_name} ++ } else { $ {$var_ref} = q{$sym_table {$ var_name}} ; $ external_count + + ; $ has_external {$ var_name} ++ ; }} elsif ( $ sigil eq ' @ ' & & $ subsigil eq '? ' ) { @{$sym_table {$var_name}} = grep {defined $ _} @{$sym_table {$ var_name}} ; } elsif ( $ sigil eq ' % ' && $ subsigil eq '? ' ) { delete $ sym_table{$var_name}{$EMPTY_STR} ; } else { $ {$var_ref} = q{$sym_table{$var_name}} }
into something readable :
if ( $ sigil eq ' $ ' ) { if ( $ subsigil eq '? ' ) { $ sym_table { substr ( $ var_name , 2 ) } = delete $ sym_table { locate_orig_var ( $var ) } ; $ internal_count + + ; $ has_internal{$var_name} ++ ; } else { $ {$var_ref} = q{$sym_table {$ var_name}} ; $ external_count + + ; $ has_external{$var_name} ++ ; } } elsif ( $ sigil eq ' @ ' && $ subsigil eq '? ' ) { @{ $ sym_table {$ var_name} } = grep {defined $ _} @{ $ sym_table { $ var_name} } ; } elsif ( $ sigil eq ' % ' && $ subsigil eq '? ' ) { delete $ sym_table{$var_name}{$EMPTY_STR} ; } else { $ {$var_ref} = q{$sym_table {$var_name}} ; }
Mandating that everyone use a common tool to format their code can also be a simple way of sidestepping the endless objections , acrimony , and dogma that always surround any discussion on code layout .
If perltidy does all the work for them , then it will cost developers almost no effort to adopt the new guidelines .
They can simply set up an editor macro that will “ straighten ” their code whenever they need to .
A paragraph is a collection of statements that accomplish a single task : in literature , it ’s a series of sentences conveying a single idea ; in programming , a series of instructions implementing a single step of an algorithm .
Break each piece of code into sequences that achieve a single task , placing a single empty line between each sequence .
To further improve the maintainability of the code , place a one - line comment at the start of each such paragraph , describing what the sequence of statements does .
Like so :
# Process an array that has been recognized ... sub addarray_internal { my ( $ var_name , $ needs_quotemeta ) = @_ ; # Cache the original ... $ raw .= $ var_name ; # Build meta-quoting code , if requested ... my $ quotemeta = $ needs_quotemeta ?
q{map { quotemeta $ _} } : $ EMPTY_STR ; # Expand elements of variable , conjoin with ORs ... my $ perl5 pat = qq{ ( ??{join q{|} , $ quotemeta \@{$var_name}} ) } ; # Insert debugging code if requested ... my $ type = $ quotemeta ? ' literal ' : ' pattern ' ; debug_now ( " Adding $ var_name ( as $ type ) " ) ; add_debug_mesg ( " Trying $ var_name ( as $ type ) " ) ; return $ perl5 pat ; }
Paragraphs are useful because humans can focus on only a few pieces of information at once .
Paragraphs are one way of aggregating small amounts of related information , so that the resulting “ chunk ” can fit into a single slot of the reader ’s limited short - term memory .
Paragraphs enable the physical structure of a piece of writing to reflect and emphasize its logical structure .
Adding comments at the start of each paragraph further enhances the chunking by explicitly summarizing the purpose of each chunk ( note : the purpose , not the behavior ) .
Paragraph comments need to explain why the code is there and what it achieves , not merely paraphrase the precise computational steps it ’s performing .
Note , however , that the contents of paragraphs are only of secondary importance here .
It is the vertical gaps separating each paragraph that are critical .
Without them , the readability of the code declines dramatically , even if the comments are retained :
sub addarray_internal { my ( $ var_name , $ needs_quotemeta ) = @_ ; # Cache the original ... $ raw .= $ var_name ; # Build meta-quoting code , if required ... my $ quotemeta = $ needs_quotemeta ?
q{map { quotemeta $ _} } : $ EMPTY_STR ; # Expand elements of variable , conjoin with ORs ... my $ perl5 pat = qq{ ( ??{join q{|} , $ quotemeta \@{$var_name}} ) } ; # Insert debugging code if requested ... my $ type = $ quotemeta ? ' literal ' : ' pattern ' ; debug_now ( " Adding $ var_name ( as $ type ) " ) ; add_debug_mesg ( " Trying $ var_name ( as $ type ) " ) ; return $ perl5 pat ; }
8. Throw Exceptions Instead of Returning Special Values or Setting Flags
Returning a special error value on failure , or setting a special error flag , is a very common error - handling technique .
Collectively , they ’re the basis for virtually all error notification from Perl ’s own built - in functions .
For example , the built - ins eval , exec , flock , open , print , stat , and system all return special values on error .
Unfortunately , they do n’t all use the same special value .
Some of them also set a flag on failure .
Sadly , it ’s not always the same flag .
See the perlfunc manpage for the gory details .
Apart from the obvious consistency problems , error notification via flags and return values has another serious flaw : developers can silently ignore flags and return values , and ignoring them requires absolutely no effort on the part of the programmer .
In fact , in a void context , ignoring return values is Perl ’s default behavior .
Ignoring an error flag that has suddenly appeared in a special variable is just as easy : you simply do n’t bother to check the variable .
Moreover , because ignoring a return value is the void - context default , there ’s no syntactic marker for it .
There ’s no way to look at a program and immediately see where a return value is deliberately being ignored , which means there ’s also no way to be sure that it ’s not being ignored accidentally .
The bottom line : regardless of the programmer ’s ( lack of ) intention , an error indicator is being ignored .
That ’s not good programming .
Ignoring error indicators frequently causes programs to propagate errors in entirely the wrong direction .
For example :
# Find and open a file by name , returning the filehandle # or undef on failure ... sub locate_and_open { my ( $ filename ) = @_ ; # Check acceptable directories in order ... for my $ dir ( @DATA_DIRS ) { my $ path = " $ dir / $ filename " ; # If file exists in an acceptable directory , open and return it ... if ( - r $ path ) { open my $ fh , ' < ' , $ path ; return $ fh ; } } # Fail if all possible locations tried without success ... return ; } # Load file contents up to the first < DATA /> marker ... sub load_header_from { my ( $ fh ) = @_ ; # Use DATA tag as end - of - " line " ... local $ / = '< DATA />'; # Read to end - of - " line " ... return < $ fh > ; } # and later ... for my $ filename ( @source_files ) { my $ fh = locate_and_open ( $ filename ) ; my $ head = load_header_from ( $fh ) ; print $ head ; }
The locate_and_open ( ) subroutine simply assumes that the call to open works , immediately returning the filehandle ( $ fh ) , whatever the actual outcome of the open .
Presumably , the expectation is that whoever calls locate_and_open ( ) will check whether the return value is a valid filehandle .
Except , of course , “ whoever ” does n’t check .
Instead of testing for failure , the main for loop takes the failure value and immediately propagates it “ across ” the block , to the rest of the statements in the loop .
That causes the call to loader_header_from ( ) to propagate the error value “ downwards . ”
It ’s in that subroutine that the attempt to treat the failure value as a filehandle eventually kills the program :
readline ( ) on unopened filehandle at demo.pl line 28 .
Code like that –where an error is reported in an entirely different part of the program from where it actually occurred–is particularly onerous to debug .
Of course , you could argue that the fault lies squarely with whoever wrote the loop , for using locate_and_open ( ) without checking its return value .
In the narrowest sense , that ’s entirely correct–but the deeper fault lies with whoever actually wrote locate_and_open ( ) in the first place , or at least , whoever assumed that the caller would always check its return value .
Humans simply are n’t like that .
Rocks almost never fall out of the sky , so humans soon conclude that they never do , and stop looking up for them .
Fires rarely break out in their homes , so humans soon forget that they might , and stop testing their smoke detectors every month .
In the same way , programmers inevitably abbreviate “ almost never fails ” to “ never fails , ” and then simply stop checking .
That ’s why so very few people bother to verify their print statements :
if (! print ' Enter your name : ') { print {*STDLOG} warning => ' Terminal went missing ! ' }
It ’s human nature to “ trust but not verify . ”
Human nature is why returning an error indicator is not best practice .
Errors are ( supposed to be ) unusual occurrences , so error markers will almost never be returned .
Those tedious and ungainly checks for them will almost never do anything useful , so eventually they ’ll be quietly omitted .
After all , leaving the tests off almost always works just fine .
It ’s so much easier not to bother .
Especially when not bothering is the default !
Do n’t return special error values when something goes wrong ; throw an exception instead .
The great advantage of exceptions is that they reverse the usual default behaviors , bringing untrapped errors to immediate and urgent attention .
On the other hand , ignoring an exception requires a deliberate and conspicuous effort : you have to provide an explicit eval block to neutralize it .
The locate_and_open ( ) subroutine would be much cleaner and more robust if the errors within it threw exceptions :
# Find and open a file by name , returning the filehandle # or throwing an exception on failure ... sub locate_and_open { my ( $ filename ) = @_ ; # Check acceptable directories in order ... for my $ dir ( @DATA_DIRS ) { my $ path = " $ dir / $ filename " ; # If file exists in acceptable directory , open and return it ... if ( - r $ path ) { open my $ fh , ' < ' , $ path or croak ( " Located $ filename at $ path , but could not open " ) ; return $ fh ; } } # Fail if all possible locations tried without success ... croak (
" Could not locate $ filename " ) ; } # and later ... for my $ filename ( @source_files ) { my $ fh = locate_and_open ( $ filename ) ; my $ head = load_header_from ( $fh ) ; print $ head ; }
Notice that the main for loop did n’t change at all .
The developer using locate_and_open ( ) still assumes that nothing can go wrong .
Now there ’s some justification for that expectation , because if anything does go wrong , the thrown exception will automatically terminate the loop .
Exceptions are a better choice even if you are the careful type who religiously checks every return value for failure :
SOURCE_FILE : for my $ filename ( @source_files ) { my $ fh = locate_and_open ( $ filename ) ; next SOURCE_FILE if ! defined $ fh ; my $ head = load_header_from ( $fh ) ; next SOURCE_FILE if ! defined $ head ; print $ head ; }
Constantly checking return values for failure clutters your code with validation statements , often greatly decreasing its readability .
In contrast , exceptions allow an algorithm to be implemented without having to intersperse any error - handling infrastructure at all .
You can factor the error - handling out of the code and either relegate it to after the surrounding eval , or else dispense with it entirely :
for my $ filename ( @directory_path ) { #
Just ignore any source files that do n't load ... eval { my $ fh = locate_and_open ( $ filename ) ; my $ head = load_header_from ( $fh ) ; print $ head ; } }
9. Add New Test Cases Before you Start Debugging
The first step in any debugging process is to isolate the incorrect behavior of the system , by producing the shortest demonstration of it that you reasonably can .
If you ’re lucky , this may even have been done for you :
To : DCONWAY@cpan.org From : sascha@perlmonks.org
Subject : Bug in inflect module Zdravstvuite , I have been using your Lingua : : EN : : Inflect module to normalize terms in a data - mining application I am developing , but there seems to be a bug in it , as the following example demonstrates : use Lingua : : EN : : Inflect qw ( PL_N ) ; print PL_N ( ' man ' ) , "
" ; # Prints " men " , as expected print PL_N ( ' woman ' ) , "
" ; # Incorrectly prints " womans "
Once you have distilled a short working example of the bug , convert it to a series of tests , such as :
use Lingua:: EN :: Inflect qw ( PL_N ) ; use Test :: More qw ( no_plan ) ; is ( PL_N ( ' man ' ) , ' men ' , ' man -> men ' ) ; is ( PL_N ( ' woman ' ) , ' women ' , ' woman -> women ' ) ;
Do n’t try to fix the problem straight away , though .
Instead , immediately add those tests to your test suite .
If that testing has been well set up , that can often be as simple as adding a couple of entries to a table :
my % plural_of = ( ' mouse ' => ' mice ' , ' house ' => ' houses ' , ' ox ' => ' oxen ' , ' box ' => ' boxes ' , ' goose ' => ' geese ' , ' mongoose ' => ' mongooses ' , ' law ' => ' laws ' , ' mother - in-law ' => ' mothers - in-law ' , # Sascha 's bug , reported 27 August 2004 ... ' man ' => ' men ' , ' woman ' => ' women ' , ) ;
The point is : if the original test suite did n’t report this bug , then that test suite was broken .
It simply did n’t do its job ( finding bugs ) adequately .
Fix the test suite first by adding tests that cause it to fail :
> perl inflections.t ok 1 - house -> houses ok 2 - law -> laws ok 3 - man -> men ok 4 - mongoose -> mongooses ok 5 - goose -> geese ok 6 - ox -> oxen not ok 7 - woman -> women # Failed test ( inflections .t at line 20 ) # got : ' womans ' # expected : ' women ' ok 8 - mother - in - law -> mothers - in - law ok 9 - mouse -> mice ok 10 - box -> boxes 1..10 # Looks like you failed 1 tests of 10 .
Once the test suite is detecting the problem correctly , then you ’ll be able to tell when you ’ve correctly fixed the actual bug , because the tests will once again fall silent .
This approach to debugging is most effective when the test suite covers the full range of manifestations of the problem .
When adding test cases for a bug , do n’t just add a single test for the simplest case .
Make sure you include the obvious variations as well :
my % plural_of = ( ' mouse ' => ' mice ' , ' house ' => ' houses ' , ' ox ' => ' oxen ' , ' box ' => ' boxes ' , ' goose ' => ' geese ' , ' mongoose ' => ' mongooses ' , ' law ' => ' laws ' , ' mother - in-law ' => ' mothers - in-law ' , # Sascha 's bug , reported 27 August 2004 ... ' man ' => ' men ' , ' woman ' => ' women ' , ' human ' => ' humans ' , ' man-at- arms ' => ' men - at - arms ' , ' lan ' => ' lans ' , ' mane ' => ' manes ' , ' moan ' => ' moans ' , ) ;
The more thoroughly you test the bug , the more completely you will fix it .
10 . Do n’t Optimize Code–Benchmark It
If you need a function to remove duplicate elements of an array , it ’s natural to think that a “ one - liner ” like this :
sub uniq { return keys %{ { map { $_= > 1} @_ } } }
will be more efficient than two statements :
sub uniq { my % seen ; return grep {!$ seen {$_}++} @_ ; }
Unless you are deeply familiar with the internals of the Perl interpreter ( in which case you already have far more serious personal issues to deal with ) , intuitions about the relative performance of two constructs are exactly that : unconscious guesses .
The only way to know for sure which of two–or more–alternatives will perform better is to actually time each of them .
The standard Benchmark module makes that easy :
# A short list of not - quite - unique values ... our @data = qw ( do re me fa so la ti do ) ; # Various candidates ... sub unique_via_anon { return keys %{ { map { $_= > 1} @_ } } ; } sub unique_via_grep { my % seen ; return grep { !
$ seen {$ _}++ } @_ ; } sub unique_via_slice { my %uniq ; @uniq{@_} = ( ) ; return keys %uniq ; } # Compare the current set of data in @data sub compare { my ( $ title ) = @_ ; print "
[ $ title ]
" ; # Create a comparison table of the various timings , making sure that # each test runs at least 10 CPU seconds ... use Benchmark qw ( cmpthese ) ; cmpthese - 10 , { anon => ' my @uniq = unique_via_anon ( @data ) ' , grep => ' my @uniq = unique_via_grep ( @data ) ' , slice => ' my @uniq = unique_via_slice ( @data ) ' , } ; return ; } compare ( ' 8 items , 10 % repetition ' ) ; #
Two copies of the original data ... @data = ( @data ) x 2 ; compare ( ' 16 items , 56 % repetition ' ) ; #
One hundred copies of the original data ... @data = ( @data ) x 50 ; compare ( ' 800 items , 99 % repetition ' ) ;
The cmpthese ( ) subroutine takes a number , followed by a reference to a hash of tests .
The number specifies either the exact number of times to run each test ( if the number is positive ) , or the absolute number of CPU seconds to run the test for ( if the number is negative ) .
Typical values are around 10,000 repetitions or ten CPU seconds , but the module will warn you if the test is too short to produce an accurate benchmark .
The keys of the test hash are the names of your tests , and the corresponding values specify the code to be tested .
Those values can be either strings ( which are eval ’d to produce executable code ) or subroutine references ( which are called directly ) .
The benchmarking code shown above would print out something like the following :
[ 8 items , 10 % repetitions ]
Rate anon grep slice anon 28234/s -- - 24 % - 47 % grep 37294/s 32 % -- - 30 % slice 53013/s 88 % 42 % -- [ 16 items , 50 % repetitions ]
Rate anon grep slice anon 21283/s -- - 28 % - 51 % grep 29500/s 39 % -- - 32 % slice 43535/s 105 % 48 % -- [ 800 items , 99 % repetitions ]
Rate anon grep slice anon
536/s -- - 65 % - 89 % grep 1516 /s 183 % -- - 69 % slice 4855 / s 806 % 220 % --
Each of the tables printed has a separate row for each named test .
The first column lists the absolute speed of each candidate in repetitions per second , while the remaining columns allow you to compare the relative performance of any two tests .
For example , in the final test tracing across the grep row to the anon column reveals that the grep ped solution was 1.83 times ( 183 percent ) faster than using an anonymous hash .
Tracing further across the same row also indicates that grep ping was 69 percent slower ( - 69 percent faster ) than slicing .
Overall , the indication from the three tests is that the slicing - based solution is consistently the fastest for this particular set of data on this particular machine .
It also appears that as the data set increases in size , slicing also scales much better than either of the other two approaches .
However , those two conclusions are effectively drawn from only three data points ( namely , the three benchmarking runs ) .
To get a more definitive comparison of the three methods , you ’d also need to test other possibilities , such as a long list of non-repeating items , or a short list with nothing but repetitions .
Better still , test on the real data that you ’ll actually be “ unique-ing . ”
For example , if that data is a sorted list of a quarter of a million words , with only minimal repetitions , and which has to remain sorted , then test exactly that :
our @data = slurp '/usr/share/biglongwordlist.txt ' ; use Benchmark qw ( cmpthese ) ; cmpthese 10 , { # Note : the non-grepped solutions need a post- uniqification re-sort anon => ' my @uniq = sort ( unique_via_anon ( @data ) ) ' , grep => ' my @uniq = unique_via_grep ( @data ) ' , slice => ' my @uniq = sort ( unique_via_slice ( @data ) ) ' , } ;
Not surprisingly , this benchmark indicates that the grep ped solution is markedly superior on a large sorted data set :
s /iter anon slice grep anon 4.28 -- - 3 % - 46 % slice 4.15 3 % -- - 44 % grep 2.30 86 % 80 % --
Perhaps more interestingly , the grep ped solution still benchmarks as being marginally faster when the two hash - based approaches are n’t re-sorted .
This suggests that the better scalability of the sliced solution as seen in the earlier benchmark is a localized phenomenon , and is eventually undermined by the growing costs of allocation , hashing , and bucket - overflows as the sliced hash grows very large .
Above all , that last example demonstrates that benchmarks only benchmark the cases you actually benchmark , and that you can only draw useful conclusions about performance from benchmarking real data .
