This week David Cameron celebrates his fourth anniversary as Tory leader and is now probably just 22 weeks from becoming Prime Minister .
True , the polls last week showed a Tory wobble , although the latest YouGov poll in marginal seats suggests that the Tories are at last scoring where it matters – in the marginal seats in the Midlands and the North .
Yet as Mr Cameron stands on the threshold of power it looks as though the issues of Tory toffery and class will , once again , raise their ugly head as the pre-election campaign threatens to turn nasty .
My first instinct , as a secondary modern school 11 - plus failure , should be – according to well established Labour theology – to reach for the ruler to measure the size of the chip on my shoulder when such stories surface .
But when I stood in Scunthorpe as the successful Tory candidate in 1979 I found little evidence that my supposed " asset " of working class authenticity played any significant part in my victory .
A smear campaign claiming I was " thick " was still played against me by my opponents .
More likely they were actually playing the anti-gay card which was their normal method of smearing me – the Lib Dems were usually the worst offenders .
So their call for the multi-millionaire Zac Goldsmith – challenging them in Richmond Park – to give up his non -dom tax status suggests that many Tory candidates may face smear campaigns from their opponents – whatever their backgrounds .
I suspect , however , that if elected , Mr Goldsmith 's wealth is likely to bolster his independence of thought on environmental issues and will endear him to those of us who look forward to him being a free spirit impervious to the petty demands of his whips ' office .
I recall Sir Peter Tapsell congratulating me on becoming a government whip , reminding me rather menacingly that he was a very wealthy man , did not want a government job and nothing in the way of foreign junkets .
" There is nothing I want and nothing you can threaten me with , " he boomed .
When it came to the Maastricht debates he was utterly beyond the patronage of the whips ' office and all the better an MP as a consequence .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
In the heat of the election battle , I suspect the dominant feature will still be the economy .
But the noises off , regarding the character and education of the next Tory Parliamentary party , may cause Labour to play the old school tie card .
When the Tories were last led by Old Etonians Harold Macmillan and Alec Douglas - Home , in 1963 , 20 per cent of their MPs ( 80 ) were also from Eton .
For the record , the number of Old Etonians , including Mr Cameron , on the Tory benches is likely to rise from 15 to 18 – less than 6 per cent of the 300 - plus Tory MPs likely to be elected .
But , according to the Tory blogger Iain Dale , 15.75 per cent of daily and Sunday newspaper political editors are Old Etonians .
If anything , it is the prominence of double - barrelled names among new candidates that seems most to trouble Mr Cameron .
According to recent newspaper reports , the Tory leader suggested , jokingly , that it would be better if the Tory candidate for Somerton and Frome ( a Lib Dem marginal ) changed her name from Annunziata Rees - Mogg to Nancy Mogg .
Rightly she told Mr Cameron she rather liked her name .
I met her last week and her posh name could not hide the fact that she is one of the most approachable of women candidates and has a reputation for being a brilliant local candidate .
Her brother , Jacob , ( Old Etonian ) who is likely to gain the neighbouring seat of North - East Somerset from Labour , is certainly no " Jake Mogg " but his original mind will make him a whips ' nightmare and an outstanding MP .
The Tory candidate for Brighton Kemptown , once known as Simon Radford - Kirby , has apparently succumbed and now calls himself plain Simon Kirby .
Yet Mr Kirby is not posh : he was brought up in a council house .
On the other hand , what are we to make of the Tory black farmer , Wilfred Jones , likely to win the newly created Chippenham seat , who has changed his name to Wilfred Emmanuel - Jones ?
Labour and the Lib Dems should think carefully before playing the Tory toff card .
Last year 's Crewe and Nantwich by - election ended in disaster for Labour when their campaign targeted the alleged wealth and educational background of Edward Timpson .
Top hatted and tailed Labour activists trailing after Mr Timpson merely allowed Eric Pickles , the Tory chairman , to make the point that Labour were the party who canvassed in fancy dress .
The Tory leadership is ( unduly ) sensitive to such criticisms .
That is why Mr Cameron has invested so much personally in supervising candidate selection procedures .
But Labour and Lib Dems play the politics of envy at their peril .
mrbrown@talktalk.net
Bulent Arinc said two officers had been spotted several times near his house
Eight Turkish soldiers have been detained over an alleged plot to assassinate Deputy Prime Minister Bulent Arinc , the army has said .
It said the soldiers were taken to the army headquarters in Ankara after being interrogated by a prosecutor on Friday .
The arrests follow an inquiry which was launched last week after Mr Arinc said a car with two officers had been spotted several times near his house .
The Turkish military denied being part of any plot .
It said the officers were investigating a military official living nearby .
The detentions come amid renewed speculation that there is mounting tension between the governing AK Party , which has its roots in political Islam , and the powerful armed forces .
The Turkish army sees itself as the guardian of the country 's secularism .
Earlier this year , dozens of people , including two retired generals , journalists and academics , went on trial in Turkey accused of plotting to overthrow the government .
Prosecutors argue that they were members of a shadowy ultranationalist network - dubbed Ergenekon - which allegedly aimed to provoke a military coup .
Recently I found a site with HTTP Content - Disposition header tests and their results .
First that was only tested with Konqueror 3.5.8 from an ancient Knoppix CD , which the author quickly updated after I pointed him to the openSUSE 11.2 KDE Live CD .
Nevertheless the results were still pretty bad , some things even got worse compared to 3.5.8 .
The attonlyucase and attwithasciifilenameucase tests are pretty stupid to fail .
So this is some basic technical stuff , includes collecting things from different RfCs , getting the implementation right etc. , or to make a long story short : somethings that deserves my attraction ;)
The other , simpler , but much more unlikely way to get my attention to such a problem would be some money ( just in case * g* ) .
Ok , anyway , the good news is : the current trunk is the best browser in this tests .
Here is how the results would look like with the current trunk ( previous results shamelessly stolen from the original site ) .
I hope I can backport some or all of these fixes to 4.4.0 or 4.4.1 .
Test Case Konqueror 4.3.1 Konqueror trunk ( r1075763 ) Summary Content - Disposition : Disposition - Type Inline inlonly pass pass inlwithasciifilename pass ( filename information not used ) pass ( filename information not always used ) inlwithasciifilenamepdf pass ( filename information not used ) pass ( filename information used ) Content - Disposition : Disposition - Type Attachment attonly pass pass attonlyucase fail pass attwithasciifilename pass pass attwithasciifnescapedchar pass pass attwithfilenameandextparam pass pass attwithasciifilenameucase fail ( filename parameter is ignored ) pass attwithasciifilenamenq warn ( accepts the unquoted value ) warn ( accepts the unquoted value ) attwithisofnplain pass pass attwithutf8 fnplain pass pass attwithfnrawpctenca pass pass attwithfnrawpctenclong pass pass attwithasciifilenamews1 pass pass attwithasciifilenamews2 pass pass Content - Disposition : Additional Parameters attcdate unsupported ( seems to ignore the parameter ) unsupported ( seems to ignore the parameter ) attmdate unsupported ( seems to ignore the parameter ) unsupported ( seems to ignore the parameter ) Content - Disposition : Disposition - Type Extension dispext fail ( does not treat it as ' attachment ' ) pass RFC2231 Encoding : Character Sets attwithisofn2231iso unsupported pass attwithfn2231utf8 unsupported pass attwithfn2231noc unsupported pass attwithfn 2231utf8 comp unsupported pass attwithfn 2231utf8 - bad unsupported warn ( displays the raw octet sequence as if it was ISO - 8859 - 1 ) attwithfn2231ws1 unsupported pass attwithfn2231ws2 unsupported pass attwithfn2231ws3 unsupported pass attwithfn2231quot unsupported pass attwithfn2231 encmissing unsupported pass RFC2231 Encoding : Continuations attfncont unsupported pass attfncontenc unsupported pass attfncontlz unsupported pass attfncontnc unsupported pass attfnconts1 unsupported pass attfncontord unsupported pass RFC2231 Encoding : Fallback Behaviour attfnboth pass ( picks the traditionally encoded value -- the one it understands ) pass ( picks the RFC2231 encoded value ) attfnboth2 pass ( picks the traditionally encoded value -- the one it understands ) pass ( picks the RFC2231 encoded value ) RFC2047 Encoding attrfc2047token fail ( decodes it anyway to " foo - ä.html " ) pass attrfc2047quoted fail ( decodes it anyway to " foo - ä.html " ) pass
Update : the attwithfn2231noc testcase was added after I mentioned that particular unclarity .
Hong Kong
C. H. Tung , the first Chinese - appointed chief executive of Hong Kong after the handover in 1997 , offered me a three - sentence summary the other day of China ’s modern economic history : “ China was asleep during the Industrial Revolution .
She was just waking during the Information Technology Revolution .
She intends to participate fully in the Green Revolution . ”
I ’ll say .
Being in China right now I am more convinced than ever that when historians look back at the end of the first decade of the 21st century , they will say that the most important thing to happen was not the Great Recession , but China ’s Green Leap Forward .
The Beijing leadership clearly understands that the E.T.  Energy Technology  revolution is both a necessity and an opportunity , and they do not intend to miss it .
We , by contrast , intend to fix Afghanistan .
Have a nice day .
O.K. , that was a cheap shot .
But here ’s one that is n’t : Andy Grove , co-founder of Intel , liked to say that companies come to “ strategic inflection points , ” where the fundamentals of a business change and they either make the hard decision to invest in a down cycle and take a more promising trajectory or do nothing and wither .
The same is true for countries .
The U.S. is at just such a strategic inflection point .
We are either going to put in place a price on carbon and the right regulatory incentives to ensure that America is China ’s main competitor / partner in the E.T. revolution , or we are going to gradually cede this industry to Beijing and the good jobs and energy security that would go with it .
CNBC 's documentary on AOL was one of its lowest rated , drawing just 150,000 viewers , Peter Lauria at the New York Post reports .
Turns out CNBC 's audience prefers pot and porn to a reheat of a decade old business story .
" Porn : The Business Of Pleasure , " drew 500,000 , while " Marijuana Inc. , " had 1.2 million viewers .
Heck , even the Google doc did better .
" Inside the Mind of Googe " drew 372,000 viewers .
Bottom line : CNBC 's late night full length features should n't be about boring business stuff .
Therefore , we can't wait to watch Jim Goldman 's documentary about the other event that takes place in Las Vegas during the Consumer Electronics Show -- The AVN Adult Entertainment Expo .
Kobal Collection
Youngsters these days
“ FROM a corner of the room , Mr Darcy watched Elizabeth and her sisters work their way outward , beheading zombie after zombie as they went . ”
That sentence springs from “ Pride and Prejudice and Zombies ” , a surprise literary hit ( it was a bestseller in America last April ) that imagines Regency England being overrun by the undead .
Elizabeth Bennet and her beau flit from dancing at balls to employing Asian martial arts , a sort of Fred Astaire and Ninja Rogers .
In a sense , the author of this pastiche , Seth Grahame - Smith , has turned Jane Austen into a zombie , reviving her text from the grave and turning it into a grisly version of the original .
Hollywood is planning a film version next year , the latest in a series of movies to star the undead .
The recently released “ Zombieland ” , one of the more successful versions , combined romance , the undead and comedy ( a romzomcom , in the jargon ) , and garnered more than $ 85 m in worldwide sales .
Zombies spring from the Caribbean superstition that sorcerers could use voodoo to revive the dead and turn them into slaves .
In early film treatments , such as “ I Walked With a Zombie ” ( which drew on the plot of “ Jane Eyre ” ) , zombies were eerily passive rather than the crazed flesh - eaters of today .
The cannibalism really started with George Romero 's 1968 cult film , “ Night of the Living Dead ” .
Perhaps the zombie has achieved greater cultural resonance as the world has become more crowded .
Filmic depictions often involve a small group of individuals under siege from the undead or fleeing a flesh - eating mob .
Any resident of a big city will understand the feeling of being overwhelmed by the mass of humanity on a subway train or high street .
Modern zombies are usually created , not by voodoo , but by infection .
During the cold war , when nuclear tensions were at their height , rampaging B - movie monsters were the result of accidental exposure to radiation ; nowadays plague seems a greater threat to humanity .
A single drop of blood from an infected patient turns humans mad with rage in “ 28 Days Later ” .
In the most recent film version of “ I Am Legend ” ( a 1954 story by Richard Matheson ) , the zombie - like mutants are the result of an attempt to cure cancer .
With its pagan roots , the zombie may be the ideal monster for those who do not believe in life after death .
Zombies are denied the comforts of the afterlife , and destroyed , not with anything as elaborate as a stake through the heart or a silver bullet , but with a whack on the head .
The undead also serve as a wonderfully utilitarian cultural symbol .
In “ Dawn of the Dead ” , his 1978 follow - up , Mr Romero created a satire on consumerism , as survivors take refuge in a shopping mall , besieged by zombies driven by a “ primitive memory ” to gather there .
A British film , “ 28 Weeks Later ” ( a sequel to “ 28 Days Later ” ) , showed American troops gunning down infected natives roaming wild in London 's docklands , and was perceived as an allegory of the Iraq war .
But the zombie , with its staggering gait and glassy expression , can also be comic .
In “ Shaun of the Dead ” , the hero , recovering from a hangover , easily mistakes the undead as Londoners stumbling through a drunken haze similar to his own .
The hero of “ Zombieland ” , a nerdish teen , makes the mistake of giving the neighbourhood prom queen shelter for the night , only to see her awake as a slobbering monster .
Having desperately defended himself with every household implement to hand , he finally beats her into submission with a toilet lid , before lapsing into double entendre :
“ The first time I let a girl into my life and she tries to eat me . ”
From a film - maker 's point of view , the zombie has many advantages .
It is not necessary to spend a fortune on special effects — a horde of extras spattered with fake blood can do the trick , and tends to look a lot more realistic than a computer - generated werewolf .
Whereas vampires can be charismatic and sexy , zombies lack personality ; audiences do not mind when they are killed since they are dead already .
Indeed , “ Zombieland ” ends in a theme park , with Woody Harrelson mowing down row after row of attackers , like any teenager with a Nintendo .
One part intriguing allegory to nine parts gore , zombie films are hard to love .
But as the reworking of Austen 's classic shows , their territory is expanding .
Much more of this , and zombies will find they have bitten off more than they can chew .
John Michael Farren was an attorney who had worked at the highest levels in the last three Republican administrations and corporate America , but went berserk after his wife served him divorce papers , allegedly beating her bloody with a gigantic flashlight , ripping out her hair and choking her unconscious on Thursday .
Mr. Farren 's history includes a stint with Reagan 's Commerce Dept. , a top advisory spot for the transition team and campaign of George H.W. Bush and most recently , the younger Bush 's office of White House Counsel replacing an attorney accused of providing legal cover for violations of domestic surveillance statutes and illegally firing DOJ attorneys .
Farren was brought back into the White House in 2007 by Fred Fielding who on his first day in replacing Harriet Miers as chief counsel ordered warrantless surveillance to stop .
Fielding had teamed with Farren in the private sector between federal appointments , representing Blackwater among others , while Farren served as chief counsel for Xerox Corp.
spending over three decades on the government - corporate merry - go - round .
Mrs. Farren also worked as a high powered attorney for corporate energy interests such as Entergy , negotiating for favorable legislation with government agencies .
According to New Canaan , CT police , Mrs. Farren appeared at the home of a stranger battered and bloody with a broken nose and jaw , children in arms aged seven years and four months , where she collapsed .
She later told investigators she had been emotionally abused by Farren and physically abused once before , reportedly coinciding with his last White House stint .
At least according to Mrs. Farren then , there was a dangerous criminal serving as the # 2 lawyer in the White House as they sought to fend off subpoenas and stonewall Judiciary Committee requests for information .
Though Farren was said to have shown a mean temper at work , former boss Fielding told reporters this was completely out of character for Farren , currently being held under suicide watch while he tries to arrange a $ 2 million bail bond for attempted murder .
Farren had not worked since leaving his post as Deputy Counsel weeks before a Democratic win in the election loomed .
On the same day Farren 's suicide attack allegedly took place , an appeal was made to the U.S. Department of Justice 's Office of Professional Responsibility ( OPR ) by the Robert Jackson Steering Committee , requesting documents pertaining to Bush lawyers be made public to probe possible war crimes and disbarment actions .
Though the RJSC 's request chiefly sought documents authorizing torture and misuse of pre-war intel , the White House legal team under Fielding and Farren also shielded their predecessors from testifying in Congressional hearings in never - before - seen legal claims of " everlasting " executive privilege .
Naturally , a lawyer 's duty is to protect his client , but it is expressly not the job of legal counsel to newly interpret or create laws .
Beyond John
Yoo 's controversial " torture memo " , alleged abuse ranged from the DOJ firings to vote caging improprieties and more .
When documents concerning the UK's handling of pre-war legal wrangling came to light , the attorney general there reversed his opinion that the Iraq war was in fact illegal .
Asked in a televised interview what he felt the legal precedent for his warrantless surveillance program was , President Bush said it 's ' for the lawyers to figure out ' .
In reality , however , White House Counsel is only supposed to advise the President .
If they were " the deciders " , it would mean unelected , barely accountable lawyers are making our most important political decisions , outside of their purview .
Neither Bush nor Obama should be entrusting lawyers to determine U.S. law and in no case should evidence of this be hidden from the public .
This tragic incident underscores the intense pressure Bush lawyers may have been under , mirroring a 2006 murder - suicide incident involving another Bush administration official who also worked in Reagan 's Commerce Dept .
Mr. Farren clearly is not having a good week , but he sure has a lot less to lose than last week .
Perhaps he can bound back and help restore American democratic integrity , providing crucial background on letters his department sent making claims that both Karl Rove and Harriet Miers could for the first time ever assert executive privilege after leaving office .
It was Farren 's boss Fred Fielding who seemed to have spontaneously invented this neat executive power , barring Bush 's advisors from answering Congressional subpoenas .
Widely considered unconstitutional , Fielding essentially wrote a get - out - of - contempt - free card for his own position , retroactively .
This forced a showdown in the U.S. Court of Appeals where Rove and Miers were compelled to testify , though they eventually did so under extremely favorable secrecy .
The momentum in prosecuting Bush era crimes has since waned , cementing wide public perception that Nancy Pelosi is a complicit deal - broker and that Obama sees no benefit in " looking backwards " .
Yesterday , Gov. David Paterson made a speech before an extraordinary joint session of the State Senate and Assembly , pushing the legislative bodies to accept his plan to alleviate the state ’s more than $ 3.2 billion deficit for this fiscal year ( of which , four and a half months are remaining ) .
Included in the Democratic governor ’s plans are about $ 1.3 billion in cuts to schools , health care and municipal governments .
Many people , both inside and outside the legislative chambers , are opposed to the governor ’s plan – and for good reason : there are ways for the state to remain fiscally solvent without balancing the budget on the backs of working people and the poor .
Today , both bodies , which the governor called out of recess , are expected to discuss these plans .
Senate Democrats have come up with an alternate deficit reduction plan that would , they argue , eliminate the need to make any cuts to services important to working people .
In the plan are the restructuring of the state ’s tobacco bonds and an increase in the hours casinos are legally allowed open .
Others , including some in labor , have signed on to this plan .
Across the state , thousands of people and organizations have been demanding that there be no cuts to health care of the public schools and universities , which are already reeling from budget cuts and tuition hikes .
The Democrats are right : there is no reason for Paterson to cut these services .
But , according to the New York State Communist Party , overlooked are a number of other ways to raise revenues .
According to the organization , billions of dollars could be raised by implementing the full Fair Share tax reform that was demanded months ago ( i.e. a surcharge on those making more than $ 250,000 per year , instead of $ 500,000 , as was enacted ) .
In New York City alone , there are about 60 people with an income of over $ 1 billion .
A small one percent surtax on them would generate $ 1 billion dollars .
A one percent stock transfer tax on those with more than $ 500,000 ( which would leave out virtually anyone whose retirement fund is tied up in a 401k ) would raise another billion dollars .
But there is waste in the budget , says the NYSPC .
There are things that can be cut – things that benefit only the wealthy and the big corporations .
Ending the subsidy for industrial development zones would save $ 4 billion , more than the entire budget gap for this year .
Currently , there are 10,000 governmental units in the state , government bodies that overlap uselessly and serve mainly for patronage for a wealthy few .
Trimming them a good deal would save another $ 4 billion .
Clearly , there are billions of dollars to be had .
The question for the governor and the legislature is this :
Will you go after the obscene amount of wealth that is being either given to or horded by the rich and super rich ?
Or will you put the burden on the already immiserated working people of our state ?
Photo : New York State Sen. Carl Kruger , D , proposes alternatives to Gov. Paterson ’s budget cuts .
The latest scifi / lit mashup to emerge from Quirk Books , publishers of Pride and Prejudice and Zombies , is a silly re-imagining of the famously humorless novel Anna Karenina .
It 's called Android Karenina , and the publisher promises what sound like steampunk cylons .
Advertisement
According to the UK Guardian :
Just like the original Anna Karenina , the mash - up version will follow the relationships of Anna and Vronsky , and Levin and Kitty , but rather than 19th - century Russia , these characters live " in a steampunk - inspired world of robotic butlers , clumsy automata , and rudimentary mechanical devices " .
" When these copper - plated machines begin to revolt against their human masters , our characters must fight back using state - of - the - art 19th - century technology – and a sleek new model of ultra - human cyborgs like nothing the world has ever seen , " [ publisher ] Quirk [ Books ] said .
The publisher has a 200,000 - copy print run lined up for the novel , co-written by Sense and Sensibility and Sea Monsters writer Ben H Winters , and high hopes for its success .
Despite the glut of similar titles which has flooded the market since Pride and Prejudice and Zombies began the craze last spring – this year will also see publication of Murder at Mansfield Park and the Beatles / zombie mash - up Paul Is Undead – booksellers say the public are still interested in the trend .
Advertisement
Whenever a truly pulpy trend reaches its apotheosis like this , I can't help but wonder if we 'll get a new classic out of it .
Tolstoy 's Russia peopled by cyborgs is n't a bad concept at all , and in some ways it 's sad to see it pumped out as part of a cheesy franchise .
The novel hits shelves this June , via Quirk Books .
Ranchi :
A new scheme to control the
burgeoning population in the country will be launched " very
soon " , Union Family and Health Minister Ghulam Nabi Azad said
here on Tuesday .
" There will be no law , no force , but only through
awareness , efforts will be made to control population , " Azad
said at a press conference here .
" Our priority is to stabilise and control population ,
and a new scheme will be launched in the next few months .
All
types of precautionary measures will be made available to the
people under the new scheme , " he added .
Expressing concern over population explosion , with
India alone adding 2.7 crore every year , Azad said the very
purpose of widening roads every year was defeated without
putting a lid on population growth .
" We go on laying four - lane and eight - lane roads , but
the situation ( of traffic ) remains the same as it ( traffic )
were on original roads ( because of increase in population ) , "
he said .
" Each year we are adding one Jharkhand ( vis-a-vis
population ) , " he said in a lighter vein as the state`s
population is about the same ( 2.7 crore ) as the figure of
yearly population increase in the country .
- PTI
A Parent ’s Guide to Children ’s Television
My 18 - month - old daughter has more morning and weekend television choices than I could ever imagine as a kid .
While she has her favorites - Elmo , Manny & Blue - there are a handful that just always happen to be on around the time she wants to watch the tube .
That means my wife and I are watching , too .
What I ’ve determined is , that while most strive to have some sort of educational element to them with a hint of diversity awareness , most are chock full of ethnic stereotyping and just plain BS .
A few friends of mine are expecting soon .
This post is for you , so you know what you ’re in for .
Dora the Explorer ( Nick )
Do I want my kid to by bi-lingual ?
Sure , it can only give her a leg up .
But I ’d appreciate you not confusing her while she ’s still busy learning her first language .
Go , Diego , Go ( Nick )
Hey kids !
See that tiger over there ?
Go give it a big hug .
Definitely wo n’t bite your face off !
Ni Hao , Kai -Lan ( Nick )
My kid cant say “ Open ” ( “ Ahmee ” ) but she can say hello in Chinese ( “ Ni Hao ” ) .
Do n’t like the idea of the creepy old man always getting up in everyone ’s business .
Max & Ruby ( Nick )
Teach your kids to whine like two annoying rabbits .
Wonder Pets ( Nick )
Linny , Tuck and Ming - Ming , too , are the most palatable animals on Nick Jr. Unfortunately , they are sending mixed messages to young girls .
When they ask “ What ’s gonna work … ? ” my daughter responds “ TeeTaahhs ” ( instead of “ teamwork ” ) .
Wife says , “ We ’ll talk about that someday . ”
The Backyardigans ( Nick )
Yes , multiculturalism is a great thing .
Ridiculous , stereotyping is another .
Uniqua ?
Tyrone ?
Pablo ?
God forbid they had an Asian animal on the show , lest they name it Ching Chang Ching Chong Wang .
Handy Manny ( Disney )
I ’m cool with this show .
Lopart might be a little light in the loafers and Kelly might be Jonesin for some Mexican , but I can deal .
Just do n’t let it be known one day that Manny ’s an undocumented .
Blues Clues ( PBS )
I miss Steve .
He seemed genuinely friendly .
Joe seems genuinely close to a visit from Chris Hansen .
Special Agent Oso ( Disney )
The worst kids show on television .
The stuffed bear pops in uninvited to show kids how to do mundane tasks , only the bear is as incompetent as the kids , and needs to ask a PDA .
Sid the Science Kid ( PBS )
You know the one about the kid that wants to know everything about everything ?
Yeah , I want to know who thinks this crap ’s any good .
Speaking of crap ,
Sid runs amok like he ’s got a load in his pants .
Do n’t even get me started on the paint - eating Gerald .
Shaun the Sheep ( PBS )
Badass claymation .
Sesame Street ( PBS )
My favorite growing up .
Unfortunately , most of the characters are new to me - namely Elmo , whose only saving grace is the slapsticky Mr. Noodle , his brother Mr. Noodle and their sister Miss Noodle .
I like newbie Murray too .
Mickey Mouse Clubhouse ( Disney )
It ’s hard to find fault in a legend .
What I will say is this :
Pete – supposedly a cat – looks anything but , and is always breaking balls .
Yet , the gang is always friendly to him .
I ’ve verbally expressed “ Pete feeds them a sh*t sandwich , and they happily eat it . ”
By the way , Disney , his name is “ Goofy ” not “ Mentally Handicapped Southerner . ”
This is the honey pot for WP Statistics to use , do not delete .
Banks Race to Raise Rates on Credit Cards
Banks anticipate losses of $ 50 billion when new credit card rules take effect .
Jan. 4 , 2010  --
Consumer advocates say the race is on , as banks and credit card companies look for ways to make up the estimated $ 50 billion they 're about to lose when new credit card rules take effect .
But now , in many cases , those advocates say , the banks are targeting consumers ' credit cards to make up their losses .
" The wholesale raising of interest rates , I 've seen 12 , 15 percent , " said Adam Levin of the credit education site Credit.com .
" There 's no questions they were front - running the laws . "
Along with higher rates and new fees , one bank is even charging for a monthly paper statement .
ABC News called several banks today for comment , but received only emailed responses .
" We understand that customers do n't like price increases , especially in difficult economic times , " a spokesperson for Citi wrote .
" However , these actions are necessary given customers not paying back their loans and regulatory changes . "
Bank of America said in an email that it was not raising rates , " unless the account is late on two or more payments " within any 12 months .
The American Bankers Association said customers are getting a fair warning before any interest rate hikes on their current credit cards .
" Consumers must get a 45 - day advance notice , which gives them lots of time to find another card and to have the option to the decline the increase , " American Bankers Association vice president Nessa Feddis said .
But if consumers decline that rate hike , in many cases , they can be dropped .
Credit CARD
Act of 2009
Last year , Congress passed the Credit CARD
Act of 2009 in an effort to protect consumers from what the Federal Reserve called " unfair or deceptive " practices .
The Credit CARD
Act regulations began with two rules .
Consumers must be given advance warning of any major changes to the terms of their accounts , and get more time to pay their balance after receiving a bill .
In February , more regulations will go into effect that mandate reviews every six months of accounts that have had rate hikes and that limit the amount of credit that can be offered to students .
The law was designed to give consumers expanded protections , fewer fees and more clarity , but in the meantime , consumer advocates say , the bank and credit card companies are aggressively trying to find new ways to raise revenue quickly .
One result of the new configuration would be that NBC would still prevent any of its late - night stars from moving to another network to start a competing show .
Both Mr. Leno and Mr. O’Brien have in the past been approached by ABC or Fox about late - night shows at those networks .
One reason NBC took the risky step of moving Mr. Leno to prime time was to avoid having one of its late - night stars become a competitor , a situation that NBC came to regret when David Letterman left NBC in the 1990s to start a show at CBS .
But there are many possible complications , including the possibility that Mr. O’Brien could be offered an earlier slot at a different network , most likely the Fox network .
Mr. O’Brien ’s representatives reported that they continued to negotiate with NBC late Thursday evening .
For Mr. Leno , who made no secret that he was unhappy about being moved from “ The Tonight Show , ” the change represents something of a vindication , even if his crown has been tarnished by his 10 p.m. experience .
Mr. O’Brien faces a more unpalatable choice : accept a demotion to 12 a.m. and stay on NBC , or leave for another network , thereby breaking his lucrative contract with NBC .
The exact terms of Mr. O’Brien ’s contract are not known , but he is rumored to have built into the deal he made five years ago to stay at NBC a guarantee that he would host “ The Tonight Show ” or NBC would owe a penalty of as much as $ 45 million .
If his show continues to be called “ The Tonight Show , ” NBC may not be in breach of his contract , which could compel Mr. O’Brien to stay at NBC even if another network makes him an offer .
According to one senior NBC executive , his show will continue to be called “ The Tonight Show , ” even though it would  for the first time in its more than half - century history  not begin after the late local news .
Under the plan being discussed , Mr. Leno would still host a show called “ The Jay Leno Show . ”
The third NBC late - night star , Jimmy Fallon , has shown some promising ratings with younger viewers .
He would then begin his show at 1:05 a.m. , the executives said .
The revised lineup would go into effect after NBC concludes its coverage of the Winter Olympics on Feb. 28 .
NBC will pre-empt its prime - time and late - night lineup for more than two weeks to cover the Olympics , creating a natural break in which to make the late - night changes .
No NBC executive would speak on the record about the late - night plan .
But in response to reports on several Web sites , including FTVLive and TMZ , NBC issued several statements Thursday , including one that read in part : “ Jay Leno is one of the most compelling entertainers in the world today .
As we have said all along , Jay ’s show has performed exactly as we anticipated on the network .
It has , however , presented some issues for our affiliates . ”
Mr. Leno seemed to relish NBC ’s predicament at Thursday ’s taping .
“ As you may have heard , there is a rumor floating around that we were canceled , ” he told his audience .
“ I heard it coming in this morning on the radio .
So far no one has said anything to me .
But if we did get canceled , it will give us time to do some traveling .
I understand that Fox is beautiful this time of year . ”
China 's most senior negotiator on climate change said today he was keeping an open mind on whether global warming was man-made or the result of natural cycles .
Xie Zhenhua said there was no doubt that warming was taking place , but more and better scientific research was needed to establish the causes .
Xie , Premier Wen Jiabao's special representative on climate change , was speaking in Delhi at the end of a two - day meeting of ministers from four of the most powerful emerging economies – China , India , Brazil and South Africa .
The four countries , known as the Basic group , called on rich nations to ensure that $ 10 bn pledged to combat climate change was handed over before the end of the year .
South Africa 's environment minister accused the US of lagging behind at Copenhagen and said it had a moral obligation to take a lead on the issue .
The group pledged to pass on details of their own voluntary actions on the environment to the UN framework convention on climate change by 31 January .
Xie 's comments caused consternation at the end of the post - meeting press conference , with his host , the Indian environment minister , Jairam Ramesh , attempting to play down any suggestions of dissent over the science of climate change .
Ramesh refused to accept China had stepped out of line , although he conceded : " We still need more science to understand whether global warming is causing glacial melt or whether it is the natural cycles . "
Responding to a question about the controversy over the melting of Himalayan glaciers and to fresh doubts cast on the link between global warming and extreme weather events , Xie said there were still " disputes " in the scientific community over the causes .
" Now the mainstream view is according to the review reports by the IPCC , " he said .
" There is one starkly different view , that the climate change or climate warming issues is caused by the cyclical element of nature itself .
I think we need to adopt an open attitude to the scientific research , that we need to have as inclusive as possible all kinds of views concerning this aspect , because we want our views to be more scientific and to be more consistent . "
Asked later to clarify his remarks , he said : " It is already a solid fact that the climate is already warming .
The scientists have already shown that te global climate is warming .
" Due to the climate change influences , the countries that have been actively impacted most are those developing countries , in particular those small island countries .
And the major reason of this climate change issue is the unconstrained emissions produced by developed countries in the process of their industrialisation .
That is the mainstream view and we need to make responses concerning these views .
There are some uncertain views but our attitude is open , that we need to have more studies .
But this shall not impede our efforts in combating the climate change . "
The Basic group played a key role in drawing up the Copenhagen accord in December .
Ramesh said they had agreed that rich nations should demonstrate their credentials by ensuring that the $ 10 b pledged at Copenhagen was paid this year .
" That is the basic minimum , " he said .
" If $ 10bn as promised in the Copenhagen accord does not flow to Africa , to small island states and to the LDCs [ least developed countries ] we believe that frankly the developed countries are not serious .
That is the first milestone that has to be achieved .
You have to put money on the table , you have to identify the projects and money has to start flowing . "
What Ted Kennedy would tell the Democrats
And here comes the firing squad .
Anthony Weiner went on MSNBC to suggest that Democrats drop health care and pivot to jobs .
Evan Bayh is blaming " the furthest left elements of the Democratic Party , " who have gotten exactly nothing they wanted in recent months .
Barney Frank is hoping that some Senate Republicans will revise the health - care bill to their liking , resulting in a bill that will be far less to the House 's liking than the current Senate bill .
And so on .
There will be more to say on all this tomorrow .
For now , it 's worth observing that a Democratic Party that would abandon their central initiative this quickly is n't a Democratic Party that deserves to hold power .
If they do n't believe in the importance of their policies , why should anyone who 's skeptical change their mind ?
If they 're not interested in actually passing their agenda , why should voters who agree with Democrats on the issues work to elect them ?
A commitment provisional on Ted Kennedy not dying and Martha Coakley not running a terrible campaign is not much of a commitment at all .
Speaking of Kennedy , he anticipated this reaction back in 1980 .
On the eve of his defeat to Jimmy Carter , and Carter 's defeat to Ronald Reagan , he warned his supporters against letting electoral setbacks dampen their commitment to their cause .
" If the Democrats run for cover , if we become pale carbon copies of the opposition , we will lose -- and deserve to lose , " he said .
" The last thing this country needs is two Republican parties . "
Pity he 's not around to remind Democrats of that today .
Photo credit : By Jason Reed / Reuters
One federal judge got arrested for driving drunk while dressed in drag .
Others stood accused of frequenting prostitutes , a strip club and a shady escort service ; sexually assaulting female court employees ; sucker - punching a stranger ; or slapping a spouse .
Federal judges have made illegal campaign contributions , falsified court records , and illegally concealed cash gifts and gambling debts .
Many more have engaged in unethical or irresponsible acts , according to an investigation by the Houston Chronicle of more than 3,000 judicial misconduct matters nationwide and analysis of related records over 10 years .
Most get away with it .
Only seven judges in the last decade have faced formal disciplinary action as a result of the nation 's secretive misconduct review process .
In that same period , citizens filed more than 6,000 formal misconduct complaints , the Chronicle found .
One judge was punished anonymously — shielded from shame by the same peers who voted for discipline .
Just two judges who admitted to breaking laws were recommended for the maximum punishment : impeachment and removal from office .
More for you News Hiding behind robes : Misconduct of federal judges too ...
Most disciplinary reviews remain forever shrouded in secrecy to protect federal judges ' privacy and ensure their reputations remain unsullied by scurrilous or absurd allegations from prisoners or disgruntled litigants .
“ The federal judiciary takes its ethical responsibilities with the utmost seriousness , ” said Chief Judge Anthony Scirica , a spokesman for the Judicial Conference of the United States in a statement to the Chronicle .
“ Every misconduct complaint is carefully reviewed and results in a public written order by a judge .
Years of experience has shown that the overwhelming majority of misconduct complaints are from ( unhappy ) litigants . …
Yet , when circumstances warrant , Circuit Judicial Councils have not been hesitant to impose a variety of public and private sanctions , as history has demonstrated . ”
Other experts argue that disciplinary probes of high - profile or even criminal allegations should be more open for the sake of the public and the judges .
“ Any type of misconduct impacts upon the integrity of judges and erodes public confidence in the federal judiciary , ” said U.S. Rep.
James Sensenbrenner , R - Wis. , who has fought for years to improve judicial accountability .
Appointed for life
The nation 's 1,700 full - time federal judges constitute a caste of elite jurists hand - picked for the difficult and sometimes dangerous job of enforcing our nation 's laws and protecting our rights .
Appointed for life by U.S. presidents , district and circuit judges can be removed only by acts of Congress .
Bankruptcy and magistrate judges serve limited terms but enjoy formidable power over life , liberty and the assets of others .
Yet , when it comes to misconduct reviews , federal judges privately judge themselves .
At the pinnacle of the power structure stand chief circuit judges — a dozen men and women who quietly dismiss about 98 percent of the 700 complaints that arrive annually at regional U.S. courthouses scattered from San Francisco to New Orleans to Washington , D.C. , the Chronicle found .
In 2006 , a Supreme Court - appointed committee , formed in response to congressional complaints , released a report on the secret disciplinary system .
The committee , led by U.S. Supreme Court Justice Stephen Breyer , found supervising judges handled run-of - the - mill matters well , but committed embarrassing errors in controversial cases .
Judges botched five of 17 high - profile reviews , the committee said , describing that “ error rate ” as “ too high ” and recommending standardized rules for disciplinary matters .
In the aftermath , the Judicial Conference adopted the first national rules on handling complaints against federal judges and , for the first time , all circuit courts made complaint forms available on Web sites , Scirica noted .
Chief judges alone generally decide whether to conduct even a “ limited review ” — which usually involves reading case documents or sometimes asking a judge to respond .
Rarely , those judges form committees to formally investigate — but findings are almost never revealed .
Russell Wheeler , a fellow at the Brookings Institution who helped research the Breyer committee report , told the Chronicle : “ If there are credible public allegations that a judge has done something wrong , you ought to show the public you 're dealing with it , either to establish the wrongdoing or to clear the name of the judge . ”
Former U.S. District Judge Samuel Kent , of Galveston , was convicted of obstruction of justice this year after admitting he lied to judges who in 2007 secretly investigated allegations that he had molested female court employees .
In March 2007 , his former case manager , Cathy McBroom , filed a formal complaint accusing Kent of repeatedly trying to sexually assault her .
But the 5th Circuit 's judicial council first described the matter only as “ sexual harassment ” in a September 2007 reprimand .
The 5th Circuit has never released its investigative records .
Ultimately , a criminal probe was launched , but only after the Chronicle documented McBroom 's allegations and only after McBroom went to the FBI .
Kent was subsequently impeached and imprisoned .
Other documents show Kent had drawn complaints about bias and bursts of temper that were quietly and anonymously handled years before his admitted alcohol , emotional and judgment problems landed him behind bars .
Even when criminal behavior is uncovered , some investigating judges have decided not to share it with the public or police .
In fact , the Department of Justice 's Public Integrity Section , whose prosecutors specialize in rare criminal allegations involving federal judges , has no public record to show whether any case has ever been referred to them as a result of a judicial disciplinary review , DOJ spokeswoman Laura Sweeney told the Chronicle .
A case in point
Few cases better illustrate the judges ' insistence on secrecy than that of former Colorado Chief District Judge Edward Nottingham .
Records show that Nottingham faced at least seven formal complaints over the years , initially for abuse of power and bias , and later for potential criminal allegations .
None resulted in formal disciplinary action or prosecution .
Yet in 2007 and 2008 , enough had surfaced about Nottingham to prompt creation of two investigating committees , documents released by the Denver - based 10th Circuit show .
First , he was reported to have run up a $ 3,000 bar tab at a strip club and claimed he drank too much to remember doing it .
A disabled woman alleged he'd threatened her over a handicapped parking spot .
Later he was accused of frequenting prostitutes and an escort service , using his government - issued cell phone to make dates with call girls , and cruising porn sites on courthouse computers .
“ This conduct , whether alleged or admitted , has brought disrepute to the judiciary .
To contend otherwise is to declare that , ‘ The King Can do No Wrong , ' ” one of four complaints said .
The two committees submitted a secret report to the 10th Circuit judicial council on Oct. 8 , 2008 .
Two days later , a self - described prostitute filed another complaint , claiming Nottingham coached her “ to lie to federal investigators ” about having paid her “ in exchange for sex . ”
Abruptly , Nottingham resigned .
He said his decision was “ in the public interest and the interest of the federal judiciary . ”
The misconduct complaints were dismissed as moot .
The disciplinary system does not apply to ex-judges , and its findings and recommendations were never released to the public .
Nottingham , now an attorney in Colorado , did not respond to a request for comment .
“ This is a democracy .
People ought to know what public officials are doing — even those who have life tenure , ” said Steven Lubet , a law professor at Northwestern University .
“ The public would be better served if the circuit councils and the chief judges provided more and better information . ”
Most federal judicial misconduct complaints deserve dismissal .
Unreadable rants regularly arrive from litigants or prisoners who misuse the process or fling outrageous claims .
Some involve alleged or perceived criminal behavior outside the courtroom — matters supervising judges are often reluctant to investigate .
In one complaint , U.S. Magistrate Judge Lisa M. Smith , assigned to the Southern District of New York , stood accused of encouraging her nephew to cover up knowledge of a summer night 's attack on teenage skinny - dipping girls — and hitting a distraught mother who questioned Smith about it , records show .
Smith was approached at a beach campfire by the woman , who swore at the judge and her family , and claimed they were lying to protect others who assaulted her daughters and stole their clothes .
Smith struck the woman and screamed : “ You can't call me a ( expletive ) liar — I 'm a U.S. magistrate judge , ” a related civil lawsuit alleged .
The judge later denied she 'd intentionally hit anyone , records show .
“ The plaintiff was screaming and yelling obscenities in front of the judge 's children … and there was contact between the plaintiff and the judge , whether intentional or not , we 'll never know , ” Smith 's attorney , Kevin Hulslander , told the Chronicle .
A ‘ private dispute '
Judicial misconduct rules say that when facts are reasonably in dispute , a chief circuit judge can form an investigating committee .
The chief circuit judge for the New York - based 2nd Circuit alone reviewed the complaint and dismissed it in 2007 as a “ private dispute between private citizens , one of whom happens to be a judge . ”
He did not name the judge .
His order concluded that alleged illegal behavior should not automatically be classified as judicial misconduct , even if it involved a crime : “ Categorization of an offense under state law is not a sufficient basis for a finding of misconduct , ” wrote Dennis Jacobs , chief judge of the 2nd Circuit Court of Appeals .
In December 2008 , a civil jury found Smith had committed battery , but awarded no damages .
In February 2009 , a New York City bankruptcy judge , known for presiding over the breakup of Lehman Brothers , allegedly slapped his wife , who phoned 911 , records show .
U.S. Bankruptcy Judge James M. Peck was arrested , and his wife was taken to a hospital .
But charges were dropped after she decided not to cooperate .
The judge 's attorney described it as a “ private matter ” and got the record sealed .
Peck 's attorney did not respond to requests for comment .
The New York 2nd Circuit 's chief judge did no public review of the matter .
In February 2008 , Boston - based U.S. Bankruptcy Judge Robert Somma , wearing a cocktail dress , was arrested after crashing his Mercedes - Benz into a pickup in New Hampshire .
Somma later was convicted of drunken driving and , after taking six weeks of paid leave , resigned .
The judge did not respond to requests for comment .
It 's unknown whether there was any formal disciplinary review .
Susan Goldberg , deputy circuit executive , told the Chronicle : “ Information pertaining to the referenced matter is confidential . ”
Sarah Hinman Ryan of the Albany Times Union contributed to this report .
lise.olsen@chron.com
WASHINGTON  The Senate gave Ben S. Bernanke a second four - year term as the head of the Federal Reserve on Thursday after critics excoriated the central bank ’s conduct in the years leading up to the financial crisis .
The 70 - to - 30 vote was the weakest endorsement ever extended to a chairman in the Fed ’s 96 - year history .
The confirmation was a victory for President Obama , who had called Mr. Bernanke an architect of the recovery , but also signaled the extent to which the Fed , once little known to the public , has become the object of outrage over high unemployment and bank bailouts .
In several hours of debate , senators said that the Fed had abetted , then ignored , the housing and credit bubbles and allowed banks to keep dangerously low capital reserves and to make reckless lending decisions that ruined consumers .
Some even blamed Mr. Bernanke for the falling dollar and questioned his commitment to free enterprise .
Police in the UK are planning to use unmanned spy drones , controversially deployed in Afghanistan , for the ­" routine " monitoring of antisocial motorists , ­protesters , agricultural thieves and fly - tippers , in a significant expansion of covert state surveillance .
The arms manufacturer BAE Systems , which produces a range of unmanned aerial vehicles ( UAVs ) for war zones , is adapting the military - style planes for a consortium of government agencies led by Kent police .
Documents from the South Coast Partnership , a Home Office - backed project in which Kent police and others are developing a national drone plan with BAE , have been obtained by the Guardian under the Freedom of Information Act .
They reveal the partnership intends to begin using the drones in time for the 2012 Olympics .
They also indicate that police claims that the technology will be used for maritime surveillance fall well short of their intended use – which could span a range of police activity – and that officers have talked about selling the surveillance data to private companies .
A prototype drone equipped with high - powered cameras and sensors is set to take to the skies for test flights later this year .
The Civil Aviation Authority , which regulates UK airspace , has been told by BAE and Kent police that civilian UAVs would " greatly extend " the government 's surveillance capacity and " revolutionise policing " .
The CAA is currently reluctant to license UAVs in normal airspace because of the risk of collisions with other aircraft , but adequate " sense and avoid " systems for drones are only a few years away .
Five other police forces have signed up to the scheme , which is considered a pilot preceding the countrywide adoption of the technology for " surveillance , monitoring and evidence gathering " .
The partnership 's stated mission is to introduce drones " into the routine work of the police , border authorities and other government agencies " across the UK .
Concerned about the slow pace of progress of licensing issues , Kent police 's assistant chief constable , Allyn Thomas , wrote to the CAA last March arguing that military drones would be useful " in the policing of major events , whether they be protests or the ­Olympics " .
He said interest in their use in the UK had " developed after the terrorist attack in Mumbai " .
Stressing that he was not seeking to interfere with the regulatory process , Thomas pointed out that there was " rather more urgency in the work since Mumbai and we have a clear deadline of the 2012 Olympics " .
BAE drones are programmed to take off and land on their own , stay airborne for up to 15 hours and reach heights of 20,000 ft , making them invisible from the ground .
Far more sophisticated than the remote - controlled rotor - blade robots that hover 50 - metres above the ground – which police already use – BAE UAVs are programmed to undertake specific operations .
They can , for example , deviate from a routine flightpath after encountering suspicious ­activity on the ground , or undertake numerous reconnaissance tasks simultaneously .
The surveillance data is fed back to control rooms via monitoring equipment such as high - definition cameras , radar devices and infrared sensors .
Previously , Kent police has said the drone scheme was intended for use over the English Channel to monitor shipping and detect immigrants crossing from France .
However , the documents suggest the maritime focus was , at least in part , a public relations strategy designed to minimise civil liberty concerns .
" There is potential for these [ maritime ] uses to be projected as a ' good news ' story to the public rather than more ' big brother ' , " a minute from the one of the earliest meetings , in July 2007 , states .
Behind closed doors , the scope for UAVs has expanded significantly .
Working with various policing organisations as well as the Serious and Organised Crime Agency , the Maritime and Fisheries Agency , HM Revenue and Customs and the UK Border Agency , BAE and Kent police have drawn up wider lists of potential uses .
One document lists " [ detecting ] theft from cash machines , preventing theft of tractors and monitoring antisocial driving " as future tasks for police drones , while another states the aircraft could be used for road and railway monitoring , search and rescue , event security and covert urban surveillance .
Under a section entitled " Other routine tasks ( Local Councils ) – surveillance " , another document states the drones could be used to combat " fly - posting , fly - tipping , abandoned vehicles , abnormal loads , waste management " .
Senior officers have conceded there will be " large capital costs " involved in buying the drones , but argue this will be shared by various government agencies .
They also say unmanned aircraft are no more intrusive than CCTV cameras and far cheaper to run than helicopters .
Partnership officials have said the UAVs could raise revenue from private companies .
At one strategy meeting it was proposed the aircraft could undertake commercial work during spare time to offset some of the running costs .
There are two models of BAE drone under consideration , neither of which has been licensed to fly in non-segregated airspace by the CAA .
The Herti ( High Endurance Rapid Technology Insertion ) is a five - metre long aircraft that the Ministry of Defence deployed in Afghanistan for tests in 2007 and 2009 .
CAA officials are sceptical that any Herti - type drone manufacturer can develop the technology to make them airworthy for the UK before 2015 at the earliest .
However the South Coast Partnership has set its sights on another BAE prototype drone , the GA22 airship , developed by Lindstrand Technologies which would be subject to different regulations .
BAE and Kent police believe the 22 - metre long airship could be certified for civilian use by 2012 .
Military drones have been used extensively by the US to assist reconnaissance and airstrikes in Afghanistan and Iraq .
But their use in war zones has been blamed for high civilian death tolls .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Notorious street artist Banksy , whose work has decorated his home town of Bristol and Israel 's West Bank barrier , has turned his hand to film - making .
Exit Through The Gift Shop will have its world premiere at the Sundance Film Festival , his agent told the BBC .
It will be the first time the elusive artist , who has never revealed his identity , has spoken on camera .
Billed as " the world 's first street art disaster movie " , its inclusion in the festival has been shrouded in secrecy .
Sundance organisers are due to announce its inclusion at a press conference on Thursday .
Unexpected stunts Exit Through The Gift Shop was left off the official programme , but speculation about the festival 's Spotlight Surprise turned to Banksy after four stencils , believed to be by the artist , appeared on walls in Park City , where the festival is held .
Banksy is known for teasing his audience , toying with authority , and continually pulling the wool over people 's eyes to stage unexpected stunts .
Last year , he installed 100 of his artworks in Bristol 's council - owned museum under the noses of top officials , and once smuggled a blow - up figure of a Guantanamo Bay detainee into Disneyland .
Exit Through The Gift Shop will have its world premiere at the festival on Sunday .
It is described as the story of how an eccentric French shop keeper turned documentary maker attempted to locate and befriend Banksy , only to have the artist turn the camera back on him .
Infamous artist Banksy said : " It 's the story of how one man set out to film the un-filmable .
And failed " .
The film contains exclusive footage of Banksy , and many of the world 's most infamous graffiti artists at work .
But until the film is shown , it is not known whether Banksy 's identity will be revealed .
In the past , the artist has both mythologised and subverted his own image , so the film could raise as many questions as it answers .
John Cooper , director of the Sundance Festival , said the story was so bizarre that he questioned whether it could be real .
" Exit Through The Gift Shop is one of those films that comes along once in a great while , a warped hybrid of reality and self - induced fiction while at the same time a totally entertaining experience , " he added .
Exit Through The Gift Shop is due to open in UK cinemas on 5 March .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
" The lakes and rivers sustain us ; they flow through the veins of the earth and into our own .
But we must take care to let them flow back out as pure as they came , not poison and waste them without thought for the future . "
-- Al Gore , " Earth in the Balance "
" He taught me how to plow a steep hillside with a team of mules .
He taught me how to clear three acres of heavily - wooded forest with a double - bladed axe .
. . .
He taught me how to stop gullies before they got started .
He taught me how to drive , how to shoot a rifle , how to fish , how to swim .
We loved to swim together in the Caney Fork River off a big flat rock on the back side of his farm . "
-- Al Gore on his father , Sen. Albert Gore Sr. , from algore2000.com
CARTHAGE , Tenn .-- On his most recent tax return , as he has the past 25 years , Vice President Al Gore lists a $ 20,000 mining royalty for the extraction of zinc from beneath his farm here in the bucolic hills of the Cumberland River Valley .
In total , Mr. Gore has earned $ 500,000 from zinc royalties .
His late father , the senator , introduced him not only to the double - bladed ax but also to Armand Hammer , chairman of Occidental Petroleum Corp. , which sold the zinc - rich land to the Gore family in 1973 .
It also seems that zinc from Mr. Gore 's property ends up in the cool waters of the Caney Fork River , an oft - celebrated site in Gore lore .
A major shaft and tailings pond of the Pasminco Zinc Mine sit practically in the backyard of the vice president 's Tennessee homestead .
Zinc and other metals from the Gore land move from underground tunnels through elaborate extraction processes .
Waste material ends up in the tailings pond , from which water flows into adjacent Caney Fork , languidly rolling on to the great Cumberland .
Mining is intrinsically a messy business , and Pasminco Zinc generally has a good environmental record .
But not one that would pass muster with " Earth in the Balance , " Mr. Gore 's best - selling environmental book .
As recently as May 16 , the Tennessee Department of Environment and Conservation issued a " Notice of Violation . "
It informed Pasminco that it had infringed the Tennessee Water Quality Control act due to high levels of zinc in the river .
Those zinc levels exceeded standards established by the state and the federal Environmental Protection Agency .
A " sample analysis found that total zinc was 1.480 mg /L [ milligrams per liter ] , which is greater than the monthly average of .65 mg / L and the daily maximum of 1.30 mg/ L. "
Pasminco " may be subject to enforcement action pursuant to The Tennessee Water Quality Control Act of 1977 for the aforementioned violation , " the notice stated .
This was not the first time Mr. Gore 's mining benefactor had run afoul of environmental regulations .
In 1996 , the mine twice failed biomonitoring tests designed to protect water quality in the Caney Fork for fish and wildlife .
Mine discharge " failed two acute tests for toxicity to Ceriodaphnia dubia , " a species of water flea , according to a mine permit analysis by Tennessee environmental authorities .
" The discharge of industrial wastewater from Outfall # 001 [ the Caney Fork effluent ] contains toxic metals ( copper and zinc ) , " the analysis stated .
" The combined effect of these pollutants may be detrimental to fish and aquatic life . "
Tests for The Wall Street Journal by two independent Tennessee laboratories , conducted in September 1999 and this month , showed trace amounts of zinc and other metals in the Caney Fork that were in compliance with federal standards .
But soil tests revealed what one lab called problematic " large quantities " of heavy metals in the riverbank soil downstream of the Caney Fork effluent .
In both sets of tests , samples of water and soil were provided to the labs by the Journal .
Soil samples drawn from the mine effluent and downstream " contained large quantities of Barium , Iron , and Zinc , as well as smaller amounts of Arsenic , Chromium and Lead , " Warner Laboratories found in September .
" The soil from each of these sites seems to have some problems according to our findings .
The levels of Barium , Iron and Zinc far exceed any report limit [ a detection threshold within the testing system ] and it should be noted that these results are extremely high compared to typical soil found in a populated neighborhood . "
Tests conducted in June by the Environmental Science Corp. found similar traces of heavy metals in the water and soil .
The report found the soil samples to contain relatively high levels of " Barium , Iron , Zinc , and several of the other metals , including Aluminum , Calcium and Magnesium . "
The ESC report also noted traces of cyanide in some water and soil samples .
Pasminco is not required to test soil along the banks of the Caney Fork .
Both labs , while noting anomalies in the soil , believe the results do not warrant concern as environmental hazards .
The water and soil clearly are not , however , " as pure as they came , " as Mr. Gore demands in " Earth in the Balance . "
A 1998 study by the Environmental Working Group , a Washington - based organization , criticized the zinc - mining operation for purchasing a toxic waste that included sulfuric acid and reselling it as fertilizer .
The mine buys acid waste from steel plants , uses it as purification agent in zinc processing , and then sells the waste to fertilizer companies , according to a report in the Tennessean , a Nashville newspaper .
Most soil scientists say the procedure is safe .
In a valley next to Al Gore Jr. 's farm near Carthage , Tenn. , ground limestone left over from zinc mining spreads out like a white blanket .
Tennessee environmentalists disagree .
" Clearly , when you spread those types of chemicals around on a farm or on the land , you 're going to get a lot of runoff , " Brian McGuire , executive director of Tennessee Citizens Action told the Tennessean .
" So it 's going to get into the water .
We 're poisoning ourselves . "
A Pasminco official noted that the mine has had few violations and works to uphold a " very strict standard " of environmental quality .
The Gore campaign did not respond to requests for comment .
But some Tennessee residents say Mr. Gore becomes testy when questioned about the zinc mine .
Tom Gniewek , a retired chemical engineer from Camden , Tenn. , has studied the zinc mine for years and tried to question Mr. Gore about it at town - hall meetings .
" He gets real angry , " Mr. Gniewek says .
" Instead of answering the question , he attacked my motives and accused people like me of vandalizing the earth . "
Mr. Gore 's original purchase of the zinc - rich land is of some interest as well , shedding light on his long relationship with Mr. Hammer , the former Occidental Petroleum chief .
A controversial influence peddler who trafficked in politicians of all stripes and parties , Mr. Hammer pleaded guilty in 1975 to providing hush money in the Watergate scandal .
Mr. Hammer cut a wide swath across Washington from the 1930s until his death in 1990 at 92 .
His controversial career was marked by decades of profitable business dealings with the Soviet Union , which were closely watched by the FBI .
He leapt into the big time by acquiring Libyan oil rights for Occidental Petroleum through what biographer Edward Jay Epstein has characterized as a combination of shrewd business dealings and bribery .
After his 1975 conviction , Mr. Hammer spent the rest of his life campaigning for a pardon , which President Bush granted in 1989 .
Mr. Hammer cultivated close relationships with many politicians , but he was closest to Mr. Gore 's father , a U.S. senator from 1953 until 1971 .
Mr. Hammer 's Occidental Minerals snapped up the zinc - bearing property in 1972 .
The senior Mr. Gore 's farm is on the opposite bank of the Caney Fork .
Mr. Hammer paid $ 160,000 , double the only other offer , according to the Washington Post , which first disclosed details of the arrangement during the 1992 presidential campaign .
According to deed documents in Carthage , a year later Mr. Hammer sold the land to the senior Mr. Gore for $ 160,000 , adding the extremely generous $ 20,000 per year mineral royalty .
Ten minutes after that sale , the former senator executed a deed selling the property , including the mineral rights , to his son , the future vice president , for $ 140,000 .
Albert Gore Sr. told the Post he kept the first $ 20,000 royalty for himself , evening up the father - son transaction .
The purpose of the sale appears to have been transferring the annual $ 20,000 payment from Mr. Hammer to the young Mr. Gore .
The Post reported that the " $ 20,000 a year amounts to $ 227 an acre , much more than the $ 30 an acre Occidental Minerals , part of Hammer 's oil company , paid the senior Gore and some neighbors a few years before the 1973 arrangement . "
In 1992 then - Sen .
Gore told the Post that although he had been working for " slave wages " as a newspaper reporter , he quickly came up with a $ 40,000 down payment from two previous real - estate investments .
In 1974 , the zinc mine began annual payments of $ 20,000 to Mr. Gore , an important source of income to the young politician for many years .
After the senior Mr. Gore lost his 1970 Senate re-election bid , Mr. Hammer named him chairman of Island Creek Coal , an Occidental subsidiary , and appointed him to the board of directors of Occidental Petroleum .
The late Mr. Gore 's estate is conservatively valued at $ 1.5 million , including a block of Occidental stock worth between $ 250,000 and $ 500,000 .
The vice president is executor and trustee of his father 's estate , with " sole discretion " to manage a trust on his mother 's behalf .
As Albert Gore Jr. rose through the political ranks , Mr. Hammer continued to assist him .
The Hammer family and corporations made donations up to the legal maximum in all of Mr. Gore 's campaigns , according to Mr. Hammer 's former personal assistant , Neil Lyndon , writing in London 's Daily Telegraph .
Mr. Gore regularly dined with Mr. Hammer and Occidental lobbyists in Washington , Mr. Lyndon wrote .
" Separately and together , the Gores sometimes used Hammer 's luxurious private Boeing 727 for journeys and jaunts . "
The former Hammer aide noted that the " profound and prolonged involvement between Hammer and Gore has never been revealed or investigated . "
Mr. Hammer was famous for his dealings with the Soviet Union , and received a humanitarian award in Moscow in 1987 from International Physicians Against Nuclear War .
Mr. Gore , who had been elected to the Senate in 1984 , delivered a speech to the same convention , saying conventional arms should be cut along with nuclear weapons .
As vice president , Mr. Gore became the Clinton administration point man on relations with Russia .
Mr. Gore would be well served to get the facts out about his relationship with Mr. Hammer , beginning with the zinc bounty .
The issue is bigger than whether there is a pollution problem in Tennessee .
When Mr. Gore 's zinc riches are at stake , he appears unwilling to live by the standards he sets out for others in " Earth in the Balance . "
His record of uncompromising environmental rhetoric seems another instance of the kind of hypocrisy that has dogged his campaign for months .
He 's been accused of being a slumlord for providing substandard housing to a tenant on a rental unit adjoining his farm .
A well - remembered 1996 speech to the Democratic National Convention , invoking his sister 's death by lung cancer and attacking the tobacco industry , also contributed to his reputation for slippery sanctimony when his close ties to Tennessee tobacco were revealed .
And of course Mr. Gore has been sharply criticized for posturing on campaign finance reform while under investigation for possible fund - raising crimes in the 1996 campaign .
No mention of the zinc mine appears in " Earth in the Balance , " on Mr. Gore 's campaign Web site or in his speeches .
At this point the story of the Tennessee farm , the zinc mine , the politician and the influence peddler is largely one of cant and hypocrisy .
This is not a hanging crime in the political world , but the vice president , among others , might note that Bill Clinton 's problems also began with a murky land deal and a shady financier .
Copyright © Dow Jones & Company , Inc. All Rights Reserved
Plan B Day Planner Holster
Stock Number : 10252
Dillon 's Plan B Day Planner
Holster holds a handgun , yet it fits in with business clothing and wo n't draw undue attention .
It looks like a typical day planner , but inside there 's a holster that 's adaptable for either right - or left - handed draw .
It fits most .380 , 9 mm , .40 and .45 caliber autos , including : Beretta , Colt , GLOCK , HK , Kahr , Kel - Tec , Ruger , Taurus , SIG , and Smith & Wesson .
Will also hold small - frame revolvers with two - to - four - inch barrels .
Exterior Dimensions : 9.5 " x 6 3/8 " x 1 7/8 "
Surgery just got smaller ( Image : CP Canadian Press / The Canadian Press / Press Association Images )
The ophthalmic robot seen here on a chick retina , is designed to treat blocked veins in the eye ( Image : ETH Zurich ) ViRob crawls along inside the body using its vibrating legs .
It could be used to deliver drugs or medical devices to specific sites .
Video :
Sci -fi surgery
Editorial : Getting to the heart of robotic surgery
Gallery :
The sci - fi future of surgery
A MAN lies comatose on an operating table .
The enormous spider that hangs above him has plunged four appendages into his belly .
The spider , made of white steel , probes around inside the man ’s abdomen then withdraws one of its arms .
Held in the machine ’s claw is a neatly sealed bag containing a scrap of bloody tissue .
This is a da Vinci robot .
It has allowed a surgeon , sitting at a control desk , to remove the patient ’s prostate gland in a manner that has several advantages over conventional methods .
Yet the future of robotic surgery may lie not only with these hulking beasts but also with devices at the other end of the size spectrum .
The surgeons of tomorrow will include tiny robots that enter our bodies and do their work from the inside , with no need to open patients up or knock them out .
While nanobots that swim through the blood are still in the realm of fantasy , several groups are developing devices a few millimetres in size .
The first generation of “ mini- medibots ” may infiltrate our bodies through our ears , eyes and lungs , to deliver drugs , take tissue samples or install medical devices .
The engineering challenges are …
Coakley concedes
The Boston Globe reports that Martha Coakley has called Scott Brown to concede , according to a Brown aide .
Two Democrats confirmed the concession to POLITICO .
Her concession marks the most dramatic political upset in a generation , one that will be plumbed for meaning and spun over the next few days .
Please let me know what you think it means in the comments section , as I figure out what I think it means .
A FREEZING cold front swept over much of northern China on Sunday with snowstorms snarling traffic and air travel , while some of the coldest temperatures in decades were forecast for coming days .
Gale - force winds sweeping down from Siberia could result in temperatures as low as minus 16 degrees in the capital today , the Beijing meteorological station said .
Storms have left the Tiananmen Gate and Beijing covered in snow .
Credit :AP
Such temperatures are believed to be the coldest in the capital in 40 years .
Yesterday , major highways in Beijing and Tianjin , as well as in the surrounding provinces and regions of Hebei , Shanxi and Inner Mongolia were closed due to the heavy snowfall .
( CNN ) --
Hours after a security breach forced the closure of a terminal at the Newark , New Jersey , airport Sunday , authorities were still searching for a man who went the wrong way through a checkpoint exit .
The incident happened at about 5:20 p.m. at Terminal C , when an individual walked from the public side to the secure " sterile " side for passengers who had cleared screening , according to the Transportation Security Administration .
No flights were allowed to leave from Terminal C Sunday evening and thousands of other travelers who had reached the sterile area after going through checkpoints were moved back to the public area to be re-screened , the TSA said .
Authorities are reviewing video from airport cameras .
They are not sure whether the man was once on the sterile side and went back , or if he never went through screening , TSA spokeswoman Anne Davis said .
Watch more about the situation in Newark
The incident caused arrival delays and mainly affected Continental Airlines , which is the airport 's largest tenant .
CNN 's Alina Cho , who arrived at the airport Saturday night on a flight from Fort Lauderdale , Florida , described the hectic scene : " For the people who are hoping to fly out of Newark this evening , there is not a lot of movement . "
She said many passengers who had already boarded outgoing flights had to get off planes to be re-screened .
" I just saw one woman pleading with a gate agent , saying that she had two small children and a heart condition -- that she simply could not take this , " Cho said .
" But of course , there will be no exceptions . "
Flying Continental ?
Important company notice
Newark Liberty International Airport , which is about 15 miles from Manhattan , is the second - largest hub for Continental .
The airport handles about 35 million passengers a year .
CNN 's Susan Candiotti and Ross Levitt contributed to this report .
By Mark Vaz
As Gary “ Spike ” O’Sullivan prepares for his showdown with Canada ’s David Lemieux on the undercard of the GGG - Canelo PPV show Saturday , he took time out of his schedule to talk to Fightnews.com about the opportunity and the rocky road that lead there .
O’Sullivan , who ’s fought 12 of his 30 professional fights in the US , has taken an unusual path to the big time .
“ Many of my fights both here and Ireland , I fought for free , ” he explained .
“ I know a fighter has to build a fan base , and being unknown in the US , I believed if I could just get the opportunity to show my skills and let the fans get to know me , I ’d become popular in Boston in spite of not being local .
There is a huge Irish and Irish - American population in Boston , so I felt if they saw me often enough , they ’d accept me as a Boston fighter as well as an Irish fighter . ”
O’Sullivan certainly stuck to his plan , fighting for no purse , and staying with friends when in the US .
“ I ’ve come to know my friend Mark Porter ’s couch quite well , ” Spike explained .
Porter , a builder from Quincy , MA , originally from Donegal , helped Spike and his trainer Pascal “ Packy ” Collins get established here in the US , featuring him on the 2 professional shows he promoted in 2008 and 2009 .
“ I ’ve known Spike since he was an amateur , and have been friends with Pascal for years .
I ’m happy to have been able to help them , Spike ’s worked hard and deserved the hand up , ” said Porter .
Part of that help was convincing Boston promoter Ken Casey to take a close look at O’Sullivan .
That opportunity came in 2014 at Boston ’s House of Blues , against tough journeyman Jose Medina .
It was Spike ’s first fight after losing a 12 round decision to Billy Joe Saunders , a fight in which he suffered a perforated eardrum .
“ I was n’t quite 100 percent for Medina , but the audience liked it , ” explained O’Sullivan .
The fight was a give and take war , with O’Sullivan emerging victorious both in the ring and with Casey , who saw the potential in O’Sullivan .
Part of the attraction was O’Sullivan ’s willingness to not demand high purses , but take the right fights to help rebuild his career after the Saunders loss .
He was able to do so , becoming a staple on Murphys Boxing shows throughout New England , fighting 8 times in 2 years , all wins with 7 by knockout , the last of which was the TV opener on ESPN , a co-promotion with Golden Boy .
“ Another door opened in that fight .
I knew who Nick Quigley was , he had a great record and trained very hard for that fight .
I knew that was my big chance to impress Golden Boy and a national audience . ”
Spike made the most of the chance , brutalizing the game Quigley , leaving him a bloody mess in 4 brutal rounds .
“ The Quigley win led into the Antione Douglas fight .
Nobody thought I had a chance .
Even as I was beating him , the commentators talked about what a grand prospect he was , ” O’Sullivan explained with a smile on his face .
“ He was a skilled man , but I wanted the fight more than he did and wore him down . ”
O’Sullivan knocked Douglas out in the 7th , his first appearance on HBO .
Now , after 10 years as a pro , the investment in himself has paid off .
It ’s every fighters dream to box on the big stage , and the main supporting bout on GGG - Canelo is as big as it gets .
“ I could n’t be happier , ” O’Sullivan explains .
“ I love the fight , I think our styles match up perfectly to give the fans a brilliant show .
Lemieux is strong and has fought top competition , but I will put pressure on him he wont be able to handle for long .
I think Antione Douglas would easily beat Lemieux , he ’d frustrate him and be too fast for him , and you saw what I was able to do to Douglas . ”
O’Sullivan is looking at the fight as the perfect showcase .
“ It ’s never good to give away the plan , but I believe I ’m the better , more skilled fighter in all departments .
We both hit very hard , but I have the better defense and boxing ability .
I ’ll not take anything away from him , and I ’ve got great respect for everyone that steps in the ring , but the man that wants it more will have his hand raised on Saturday , and that man is Spike O’Sullivan . ”
“ Revolution by Doxology ”
This post is for people who for one reason or another , ca n’t seem to find happiness again .
It may be affecting your work , or your relationships , and it ’s definitely not pleasant .
I want to paint a picture in your mind that might help you sort out the truth .
You ’re wading alone in the depths ; cold ; wet ; dark ; frustrated ; paranoid .
Wandering hopelessly , until finally you ’ve just had enough .
Anything is better than this , and this feeling provokes action .
The idea comes to you to try to climb out .
So you find a vine strong enough to hold , and you begin climbing .
And you ’re climbing , and climbing , and climbing in the dark , with no signs of progress made , but you keep climbing , and never give up .
Until one day , seemingly out of nowhere , you see a glimpse of light over an edge , and then more , and then you are able to climb out , and you ’re surrounded by magnificent beautiful landscapes all around you , and you have a feeling of deja vu .
You ’ve been here before … you ’re home .
You know this is where you belong , and you ’re never going to go back to the depths , because you already know what ’s there , and know it could never compare to this .
There , it is only darkness and uncertainty , and here , being in the sun shines light on everything , and it is beautiful beyond wildest imagination .
This is where you decide to live , and your life becomes beautiful ; every single second of it , a masterpiece .
And you realize , there is no need for dark thoughts .
They are only the absence of light .
The darkness is useless , and leaves people paranoid for the unknown .
With light , everything becomes clear again , and you can plainly see there is nothing to fear ; there is only beauty to love and enjoy .
If ever I get a negative thought in my head .
I think of this story .
It is a metaphor .
If you think negatively you can be 100 % percent certain that you ’re not helping yourself get to where you want to be .
If you happen to find yourself in the depths , remember , keep climbing .
Do n’t give up .
One day the sun WILL come , and you will realize the beauty in every second of your life , that was before begging you to be seen .
Take ownership of that beauty , and use it to show other people its true glory .
The good is there for us to use .
The bad , well , it ’s not worth messing with , it ’s useless .
This metaphor is based on an awesome reasoning I ’ve liked for a while now , and it is that there is no Bad , only the absence of Good .
In the dark , anything could be there , or not be there , but in the light , you not only see what is actually there , but you can use it , where in the dark , it ’s hard to use , or do anything .
Only with light ( good ) , is there progress .
With dark ( bad ) , there is no negative progress , just none positive .
There is only progress or not .
Only Good , or not .
“ Bad ” is an illusion that the lack of progress eventually turns into a horrible reality , and we must not stand by and let that happen , to ourselves or to others .
I hope this post helped if you ’re feeling blue ..
Written by : Dante Cullari Founder & President Beat - Play , LLC
Today the Symbian OS used mainly on Nokia phones dominated the smartphone operating system global market , Blackberry maker RIM holds the second spot , with Apple coming in third .
However , an IDC report published today announces that the Android OS is expected to storm its way to the near top of the smartphone market , while growing at a faster rate than all its competition .
According to IDC , Android is poised to knock out Research in Motion as the No. 2 OS provider globally and tip Apple from its 2nd place perch in the US .
IDC analyst Stephen Drake says that “ ” Mobile operating systems have become the key ingredient in the highly competitive mobile device market .
Although the overall look and feel of the device will still play an important role in the buying process , the wrong choice of operating system coupled with an awkward user interface can mean the difference between success and failure ” .
IDC also predicts that Android is expected to experience faster growth than any of its rivals , leaping from 2008 shipments of 690,000 to 68 million units by 2013 .
That ’s really something to shake a huge stick at .
— A Superior Court judge has ordered a Durham - based company to stop selling bread it advertises as gluten - free after state regulators determined the bread could cause reactions in people who are allergic to gluten .
Judge Donald Stephens issued a temporary restraining order Thursday to prevent Great Specialty Products from selling its bread and other baked goods until a Feb. 1 court hearing on a state lawsuit against the firm .
The state Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services wants the court to prohibit Great Specialty from advertising its products as gluten - free .
Numerous people who bought products from Great Specialty at the 2009 State Fair or ordered items off the company 's Web site have complained of allergic reactions after eating the products , according to the lawsuit .
Gluten is a protein in wheat and other grains , and some people with autoimmune disorders experience digestive problems when they eat products containing gluten .
Tests of some of the company 's bread showed high levels of gluten , the lawsuit states .
Great Specialty is run out of a house on Cardinal Lake Drive in Durham , said Brian Long , a spokesman for the agriculture department .
He said the company did n't bake its own bread but purchased items from bakeries and packaged and sold them under its own label , claiming the products were gluten - free .
Because the company sold directly to consumers and not through grocery stores and other retailers , it 's unknown how many loaves of bread and other products were sold to unsuspecting buyers , Long said .
Yes Deppe is the man .
And I do n't care how much pot you smoke a 6 foot roor is just completely unnecessary .
ESPECIALLY if you were using this for an " on tour " bong .
All I 'm sayin is , if " B - Real " is such a massive pot -smoker , you 'd think he would be more of a connoisseur of glass , instead of : " HEY ROOR .DE MAKE ME A 6 FOOTER WITH CLAMPS .
THAT WOULD ME SOOOO SICK I'LL BE THE COOLEST AND BADDEST FOR HAVING THE BIGGEST BONG , GOOO ME . " Bigger DEFINITELY DOESN'T mean better .
If he knew shit about glass I doubt he woulda commissioned that EPIC FAIL ...
In the book , she challenges the notion that a positive attitude can increase chances of survival .
" There 's a widespread idea – it sounds so familiar that you let it go right by you – that your immune system will be boosted if you are thinking positively , " she said .
" Well , there 's not a whole lot to support that .
And , more to the point , it 's not clear that the immune system has anything to do with recovery from cancer or with whether you get it in the first place .
Reducing carbon emissions is actually three separate but related challenges : reducing global emissions , slowing population growth through voluntary efforts , and meeting the needs of half the world that now suffers from " carbon starvation . "
As pressure to address climate change increases , long - simmering debates
on the connections between population and environment have been
renewed .
Historically , concerns have been expressed about the impact of “ population ” policies on human rights .
Rewire welcomes open debate on these
issues and encourages both comments on this and other articles as well
as submissions from other authors .
Recent interest in the role of family
planning in climate change mitigation is long overdue .
Efforts to combat global
climate change must include universal access to voluntary family planning to
reduce population growth .
Brian O’Neill , the scientist who has done the most
serious research on this topic , projects that 1 - 2 billion tons of carbon
emissions could be averted each year if women worldwide were able to fully
exercise their reproductive wishes .
President Obama is taking a bold first step in Copenhagen by putting forward an
ambitious emissions target for the United States .
Yet global population growth
threatens to undercut – even cancel – all proposed progress .
World population
may grow by 18 % or more from 2005 to 2020 , according to UN projections .
Reducing carbon emissions is actually three separate but related challenges .
First , we must reduce global emissions .
Second , we must slow population growth
by supporting programs such as voluntary family planning and reproductive
health .
Third , we must recognize that about half the world now suffers from
" carbon starvation " and needs to increase emissions .
Sex .
Abortion .
Parenthood .
Power .
The latest news , delivered straight to your inbox .
SUBSCRIBE
Most emissions reductions must occur in wealthier countries since that ’s where
they are highest .
At the same time , in order to give billions of poor people a
reasonable quality of life , emissions in some parts of the world must increase
significantly .
Rapid population growth makes this balancing act even more
difficult .
Given available technology , the often - tiny carbon footprints of billions of
people are both a cause and an effect of impoverishment .
The one billion people
who struggle to survive on less than $ 1 / day use very little in the way of
fossil fuels ( They do , however , contribute to climate change through
deforestation , which is responsible for 20 % of global carbon emissions .
Deforestation is a direct result of local population growth and the increased
cropland needed to feed more people ) .
And the additional 1.6 billion living on
less than $ 2 / day hardly use more .
In order to have decent lives , they must
increase their emission levels substantially , despite advances in green
technology .
Much of sub-Saharan Africa is mired in the most desperate , grinding poverty
imaginable .
Governments there are already unable to meet the most basic needs
of their citizens .
And it is these people – who contribute least to climate
change – who will suffer most from the problems that climate change brings .
Women especially will face new challenges to their health , livelihoods , and
even their lives , for they are the ones who must walk to fetch the water and
who must tend to their families ’ crops .
Africa ’s per-capita emissions must increase .
But , if Africa ’s population grows
by the 39 % that is projected by 2020 , it will be nearly impossible to create a
healthy quality of life for people in that part of the world .
Population growth will undermine all efforts to achieve lower carbon emissions
unless investments in clean energy are matched by equally comprehensive
investments in universal access to contraception , along with other health and
development programs .
Unfortunately , for too long , population has been ignored as
part of the climate change equation .
Some consider the topic to be toxic .
That ’s tragic , but at the same time , it ’s easy to understand , because too often
the population connection to climate change is oversimplified , and overhyped .
In recent weeks , there have been a number of examples of
this .
Most disturbingly , a widely circulated opinion piece in a Canadian
newspaper resurrected the nasty notion of population control by urging
mandatory limits on child - bearing .
That such a chilling thought made it to
publication in a mainstream publication is deplorable .
In addition , an August 2009 report issued by the
UK - based Optimum Population Trust ( OPT ) incorrectly claimed that meeting the
worldwide unmet need for family planning is a more cost effective way to reduce
current carbon emissions than other " green " technologies .
They followed
this up with a plan to allow citizens of wealthy industrial nations to “ offset ”
their emissions with donations to make birth control available to women in poor
countries .
By assuming erroneously the main cause of unplanned births in every
nation on earth is lack of access to contraception , the OPT rendered its entire
study meaningless .
Most high carbon emitters live in developed nations where
contraceptives are generally available .
Reducing carbon emissions through
universal access to contraception is essential .
But the quick carbon fix
championed by OPT is a fairy tale .
It ’s true that many women in developing nations cannot obtain or afford
modern methods of birth control .
Meeting their unmet needs is critically
important for a variety of reasons .
But doing so wo n’t significantly reduce
current fossil fuel emissions .
The annual per capita fossil fuel emissions in
many such countries are less than a single week of such emissions in the US and
many other developed nations .
The simple fact of the matter is this : climate change is
largely caused by the high emissions from wealthy industrialized nations .
These
are places where population is growing slowly if at all .
To claim that we can
solve climate change solely by addressing population growth in countries where
emissions are low is silly .
And to suggest that people in the high emitting
countries can contribute birth control to poor people instead of cutting back
on their own consumption is offensive .
This is one of those times – and one of those issues – where we need to keep
our eye on multiple goals .
Reducing emissions is an energy issue .
But it is
also in equal measure a human rights challenge , one that must include
unprecedented investments in a full spectrum of reproductive health services
for women and couples .
Worldwide , 200 million women have an unmet need for
family planning .
And demand for contraception is projected to increase by 40 %
in just 15 years .
As we develop hybrid cars and the like , what about the other
half of the world ?
Will they be left to sweat and starve while we glide forward
into a century of renewable energy ?
Their carbon footprint needs to grow .
That
can only work if we are willing to meet the population growth challenge .
The White House has already made great strides in reversing the pernicious
policies of the Bush Administration , which turned a blind eye to the needs of
billions .
But additional bold action is needed .
No doubt President Obama is keenly aware of the multiple dimensions of the
climate challenge .
Yes , it ’s about energy .
But , more than that , it is about
meeting the basic human needs of soon - to - be seven billion people .
Universal
access to family planning must be a centerpiece of the climate change agenda in
Copenhagen and beyond .
Sunstein called for Cointelpro style effort to silence truth using army of hired provocateurs
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Thursday , January 14 , 2010
Harvard law professor Cass Sunstein , Obama ’s appointee to head the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs , outlined a plan for the government to infiltrate conspiracy groups in order to undermine them via postings on chat rooms and social networks , as well as real meetings , according to a recently uncovered article Sunstein wrote for the Journal of Political Philosophy .
As we have often warned , chat rooms , social networks and particularly article comment sections are routinely “ gamed ” by trolls , many of whom pose as numerous different people in order to create a fake consensus , who attempt to debunk whatever information is being discussed , no matter how credible and well documented .
We have seen this on our own websites for years and although some of those individuals were acting of their own accord , a significant number appeared to be working in shifts , routinely posting the same talking points over and over again .
It is a firmly established fact that the military - industrial complex which also owns the corporate media networks in the United States has numerous programs aimed at infiltrating prominent Internet sites and spreading propaganda to counter the truth about the misdeeds of the government and the occupations of Iraq and Afghanistan .
In 2006 CENTCOM , the United States Central Command , announced that a team of employees would be hired to engage “ bloggers who are posting inaccurate or untrue information , as well as bloggers who are posting incomplete information , ” about the so - called war on terror .
In May 2008 , it was revealed that the Pentagon was expanding “ Information Operations ” on the Internet by setting up fake foreign news websites , designed to look like independent media sources but in reality carrying direct military propaganda .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
Countries like Israel have also admitted to creating an army of online trolls whose job it is to infiltrate anti-war websites and act as apologists for the Zionist state ’s war crimes .
In January last year , the US Air Force announced a “ counter - blog ” response plan aimed at fielding and reacting to material from bloggers who have “ negative opinions about the US government and the Air Force . ”
The plan , created by the public affairs arm of the Air Force , includes a detailed twelve - point “ counter blogging ” flow - chart that dictates how officers should tackle what are described as “ trolls , ” “ ragers , ” and “ misguided ” online writers .
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
New revelations highlight the fact that the Obama administration is deliberately targeting “ conspiracy groups ” as part of a Cointelpro style effort to silence what have become the government ’s most vociferous and influential critics .
In a 2008 article published in the Journal of Political Philosophy , Obama information czar Cass Sunstein outlined a plan for the government to stealthily infiltrate groups that pose alternative theories on historical events via “ chat rooms , online social networks , or even real - space groups and attempt to undermine ” those groups .
The aim of the program would be to “ ( break ) up the hard core of extremists who supply conspiracy theories , ” wrote Sunstein , with particular reference to 9/11 truth organizations .
Sunstein pointed out that simply having people in government refute conspiracy theories would n’t work because they are inherently untrustworthy , making it necessary to “ Enlist nongovernmental officials in the effort to rebut the theories .
It might ensure that credible independent experts offer the rebuttal , rather than government officials themselves .
There is a tradeoff between credibility and control , however .
The price of credibility is that government cannot be seen to control the independent experts , ” he wrote .
“ Put into English , what Sunstein is proposing is government infiltration of groups opposing prevailing policy , ” writes Marc Estrin .
“ It ’s easy to destroy groups with “ cognitive diversity . ”
You just take up meeting time with arguments to the point where people do n’t come back .
You make protest signs which alienate 90 % of colleagues .
You demand revolutionary violence from pacifist groups . ”
This is what Sunstein is advocating when he writes of the need to infiltrate conspiracy groups and sow seeds of distrust amongst members in order to stifle the number of new recruits .
This is classic “ provocateur ” style infiltration that came to the fore during the Cointelpro years , an FBI program from 1956 - 1971 that was focused around disrupting , marginalizing and neutralizing political dissidents .
“ Sunstein argued that “ government might undertake ( legal ) tactics for breaking up the tight cognitive clusters of extremist theories . ”
He suggested that “ government agents ( and their allies ) might enter chat rooms , online social networks , or even real - space groups and attempt to undermine percolating conspiracy theories by raising doubts about their factual premises , causal logic or implications for political action , ” reports Raw Story .
Sunstein has also called for making websites liable for comments posted in response to articles .
His book , On Rumors : How Falsehoods Spread , Why We Believe Them , What Can Be Done , was criticized by some as “ a blueprint for online censorship . ”
The Infowars office has been visited on numerous occasions by the FBI as a result of people posting violent comments in response to articles .
Since the government now employs people to post such comments in an attempt to undermine conspiracy websites , if a law were passed making websites accountable , Sunstein ’s program would allow the government to obliterate such sites from the web merely by having their own hired goons post threats against public figures .
The fact that the government is being forced to hire armies of trolls in an effort to silence the truth shows how worried they are about the effect we are having in waking up millions of people to their tyranny .
This article was posted : Thursday , January 14 , 2010 at 10:12 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
Before humans arrived , the Americas were home to woolly mammoths , saber - toothed cats , giant ground sloths and other behemoths , an array of megafauna more impressive than even Africa boasts today .
Researchers have advanced several theories to explain what did them in and when the event occurred .
A series of discoveries announced in the past four weeks , at first glance apparently contradictory , adds fresh details to the mystery of this mass extinction .
One prominent theory pegs humans as the cause of the demise , often pointing to the Clovis people , who left the earliest clear signs of humans entering the New World roughly 13,500 years ago .
The timing coincides with the disappearance of megafauna , suggesting the Clovis hunted the animals to extinction or infected them with deadly disease .
Another hypothesis supposes that climate was the culprit : it had swung from cold to warm twice , including a 1,300 - year - long chill known as the Younger Dryas ; such abrupt shifts might have overwhelmed the creatures ’ abilities to adapt .
To pin down when the megafauna vanished , paleoecologist Jacquelyn Gill of the University of Wisconsin–Madison and her colleagues analyzed fossil dung , pollen and charcoal from ancient lake sediments in Indiana .
The dung of large herbivores harbors a fungus known as Sporomiella , and its amounts in the dung gives an estimate of how many mammoths and other megafauna were alive at different points in history .
Pollen indicates vegetation levels , and charcoal signals how many fires burned ; the extent of flora and wildfires is related to the presence of herbivores , the researchers say in the November 20 Science .
Without megaherbivores to keep them in check , broad - leaved tree species such as black ash , elm and ironwood claimed the landscape ; soon after , buildups of woody debris sparked a dramatic increase in wildfires .
Putting these data together , Gill and her team conclude that the giant animals disappeared 14,800 to 13,700 years ago — up to 1,300 years before Clovis .
A different study , however , suggests that this mass extinction happened during Clovis .
Zooarchaeologist J. Tyler Faith of George Washington University and archaeologist Todd Surovell of the University of Wyoming carbon - dated prehistoric North American mammal bones from 31 different genera ( groups of species ) .
They found that all of them seemed to meet their end simultaneously between 13,800 to 11,400 years ago , findings they detailed online November 23 in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences USA .
But if ancient DNA recovered from permafrost is any sign , megafauna survived in the New World millennia after humanity arrived .
As the permafrost in central Alaska cracked during springtime thaws , water that held DNA from life in the region leaked in , only to freeze again during the winter .
As such , these genes can serve as markers of “ ghost ranges ” — remnant populations not preserved as fossil bones .
Looking at mitochondrial DNA , evolutionary biologist Eske Willerslev of the University of Copenhagen and his colleagues suggest mammoths lasted until at least 10,500 years ago ( as did horses , which actually originated in the Americas only to vanish there until the Europeans reintroduced them ) .
The Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences USA published those findings online December 14 .
Although the three papers appear to conflict with one another , they could be snapshots from the beginning , middle and end of a mass extinction .
“ If they seem to disagree , it is for the same reason as in that fable about the three blind men trying to describe an elephant — or mammoth ? — by touching different parts of it , ” says ecologist Christopher Johnson of James Cook University in Australia , who did not take part in any of the studies .
Johnson suggests the fungus research is superb evidence for when the decline began , but it is not as good at confirming exactly when the extinction was completed , especially over larger areas where sparse populations might have persisted .
The DNA finds , on the other hand , can detect late survivors , he says , “ maybe very close to the actual time that the last individuals were alive , at least in Alaska . ”
The bones analyzed from the period roughly in between show that the extinction process afflicted many species simultaneously .
Those fossils came from the contiguous U.S. , which back then was separated from Alaska by the massive Laurentide and Cordilleran ice sheets and so , Faith notes , could explain why the pattern of extinction differed up there .
So what caused the decline ?
The jury ’s still out , says Willerslev ’s collaborator Ross MacPhee of the American Museum of Natural History in New York City .
Johnson notes that archaeologists are turning up evidence of humans in the New World before Clovis , and he suggests they overhunted the megafauna .
The beautifully crafted fluted spear points linked with the Clovis might reflect strategies that developed once the giants became rare and harder to hunt , Johnson adds .
Even if scientists cannot definitively finger the killer , research into the megafauna disappearance “ is directly relevant today because we are in the middle of a mass extinction and one for which we know the cause — us , ” Gill says .
“ Large animals are among the most threatened today , ” she points out , and no one wants Africa to follow the ancient experience of the Americas .
BACK to Sony VAIO PCV - RX540 User's Log ...
Whatever became of the country Vaio and the city Vaio bought as xmas gifts in 2001 ?
Wow : it 's been years since an update on these two machines !
One of them is still somehow humming along under Windows XP in Knoxville Tennessee -- although I 'm pretty sure the fairly computer savvy man of the house there has been woefully negligent in terms of maintenance and upgrades .
His wife and kids have somehow had to keep it running all these years on their own -- with very little help from me .
But I think they 're mainly using it as a web surfing station .
The other Sony got a much more rigorous workout from the other family , as a surfing and gaming station .
They even installed a fairly powerful graphics card to help its gaming performance .
But they never upgraded its RAM .
This second Sony PC got its Windows XP repeatedly restored due to malware problems .
Its DVD - ROM drive apparently stopped working ( opening / ejecting ) at some point .
The 17 inch CRT monitor I 'd bundled with it quit ( and I loaned them a 15 incher for a replacement ) .
But eventually the PC BIOS began warning upon startup about failure of the hard drive being imminent .
Besides all that , the PC had to have gotten awfully slow running XP over the years .
So when a friend gave my nephew a newer Sony Vaio ( discarded because the friend got a new PC ) , the family switched from the Vaio I 'd given them in 2001 , to that newer one from the friend .
I finally managed to get them to bring the old decrepit Vaio to me over Thanksgiving 2009 , after it'd likely been stuffed into a corner or closet for many months ( maybe even a year or two ) .
Thankfully they still had all the recovery disks too-- albeit some of them possibly too badly scarred to work .
Salvage and rejuvenation Man , was this Vaio in sorry shape when I took delivery of it !
I had to scrounge up another 17 inch monitor just to boot it up for examination , whereupon I learned many of the things listed above .
After that I did some online research about the various old PCs and Macs I have laying around , and compared them to the specs of the Vaio , for which I 've downloaded several Sony manuals in PDF form .
I found some possible hardware donor candidates , and began my surgery .
We can rebuild him ... we have the technology ... [ cue bionic man theme music ]
I removed the 30 GB hard drive from my old HP which I quit using due to overheating of the crowded mini-tower , and replaced the Vaio 's dying 60 GB with it -- making sure that all the drive 's jumper settings in the rear of the unit were set identically to the original Vaio drive ( there 's a master / slave thing about multiple IDE drives you must be conscious of ) .
During drive replacement I also used a small air compressor to blow out the worst cloud of dust and lint and muck from the Vaio that I 've ever seen emerge from a computer 's innards in my life .
I do n't see how in the hell the computer could run with that inside it .
The cloud filled the small room I was working in , and I had to temporarily evacuate to breathe .
I noticed the added graphics card was n't locked down with one of its latches , and remedied that , which seemed to fix a worrisome video wave I 'd noticed earlier from the machine .
I had a DVD - RW removed from a Mac G4 sitting around too , so replaced the Vaio 's non-functioning DVD - ROM with it as well ( again , checking that the jumpers were set the same ) .
I accidentally pulled the hard drive ribbon cable loose from the motherboard during the DVD install , which made the Vaio think the hard drive was dead , and had to go back in and rectify the situation afterwards .
Note that while the Sony manuals offer pretty good instructions for most of these matters , they offer very , very little useful info about switching out the DVD or CD drives , which requires some NOT very intuitive removal and replacement of the front case bezels .
Basically you got to remove the top and side of the case , then lift out the hard drive cage , to get at some front bezel clip hooks inside the case , to get the bezels free .
Otherwise you break and ruin lots of stuff that makes the Vaio look so good sitting on a desk .
And putting the bezels back again afterwards is almost certainly going to leave you cursing the designer .
For this part is definitely not as easy as you 'd expect .
I ended up having to backtrack quite a ways in my reassembly to get the top and bottom bezels properly installed .
They have to almost both go back on simultaneously -- and yet interfere with each other in the process .
Once you have the bezels off , you only need disconnect the cables and remove two screws from the side of the DVD drive for it to slide out the front .
It took me a while to come to this realization , as I was sure there had to be at least two more screws on the other , inaccessible side which needed removing too .
But there are n't .
You do have to take care about losing the screws inside the drive cage , as access to them is through two small holes in the ( fixed in place ) cage .
Note that I might should have installed a DVD ROM like the Vaio originally came with here , instead of the DVD - RW .
Because writing DVDs would likely be more reliable on a newer , faster machine with more RAM than the Vaio .
So I may yet switch out this drive again for a more optimal computing arrangement here at WebFLUX Central .
I did several reassemblies / boot ups during these chores to check on my progress and verify the new parts were working .
After I 'd replaced the hard drive , I temporarily re-installed Windows XP from the recovery disks to get a clearer picture of the Vaio 's status .
Add a pinch of new memory ... and a whole new operating system ...
So far , so good .
I ordered 256 MB RAM for the Vaio .
Added to its original 256 , this would boost it up to its absolute maximum possible : 512 MB .
This was also the minimum recommended for an Ubuntu 9.10 Linux install .
I wanted to go Ubuntu because the Vaio was too old and slow to comfortably run the bloated and resource hungry latest version of Windows XP .
Add atop that the also demanding anti-malware apps necessary on a Windows PC , and the Vaio would be nearly useless for doing much of anything as an XP machine .
I booted with the Ubuntu CD in the CD drive , and took the tour test .
Everything seemed pretty good , with the added graphics card making for a very high res display .
So I went the next step and installed Ubuntu .
This took quite a while on the old Vaio .
Maybe an hour or two later I was inspecting the results .
And adding things like Ubuntu restricted extras , which you need for full internet compatibility with flash games and audio and video .
Flash and video kinks ...
As one of the biggest duties of the reborn Vaio will be to entertain kids from age 10 through 22 here ( yeah , I 'm so old now you 're still a kid to me at 22 ) , I wanted it to be able to stream video and run flash games online .
My first test results for this were pretty awful , and I thought uh oh , this is n't going to work .
However , with a little more research online I realized I might be able to lessen the workload on the graphics card to make up for the slow CPU and restricted RAM .
So I turned off Ubuntu 's desktop effects , and took the onscreen resolution down two notches , to 1024 x 768 , the minimum recommended for Ubuntu .
( By default Ubuntu had noticed the graphics card at installation and turned on desktop effects , and dialed up the screen resolution pretty high ) ... nicely ironed out These reduced settings did the trick , and flash gaming and online video now worked much better .
Even slightly better than the 800 Mhz faster 512 MB Ubuntu Compaq .
However , even at these settings the old Vaio is NOT up to doing full - screen video any better than something approaching a slide show presentation .
All in all though , the Vaio now seems to be a pretty decent $ 30 web surfing station ( I paid around that for the new memory : everything else came from old / junk parts , elbow grease , and online research ) .
BACK to Sony VAIO PCV - RX540 User's Log ... a - j m o o n e y h a m .
c o m - o r i g i n a l
WASHINGTON , Jan 27 ( Reuters ) - The United States has set preliminary anti-dumping duties ranging from 90 to nearly 175 percent on about $ 30 million worth of electric blankets from China , the U.S. Commerce Department said on Wednesday .
The ruling is a victory for Jarden Consumer Solutions , a Florida - based subsidiary of consumer products company Jarden Corp JAH.N.
It filed a petition earlier this year asking for protection against its Chinese competitors .
The relatively small case is of one several ongoing U.S. investigations into charges that Chinese companies are selling their goods in the United States at unfairly low prices and benefit from unfair government subsidies .
The products covered by the probe include finished , semi-finished , and unassembled woven electric blankets of all sizes and fabric types , whether made of man-made fiber , natural fiber or a blend of both .
Commerce set a preliminary anti-dumping duty of 90.32 percent on blankets supplied by Hung Kuo Electronics ( Shenzhen ) Company Ltd , Ningbo V.K. Industry & Trading Co Ltd , Ningbo Jifa Electrical Appliances Co Ltd and Ningbo Jinchun Electric Appliances Co Ltd .
All other Chinese producers and exporters will face a China - wide rate of 174.85 percent .
U.S. customs officials will begin collecting bonds or cash deposits based on the preliminary rates .
The United States imported $ 29.7 million of the blankets from China in 2008 , a 16.8 percent increase from 2006 .
Commerce will make its final decision on duty levels in June , setting the stage for the U.S. International Trade Commission to cast a final vote in July or early August on whether to allow the duties .
Cairo : Shaima'a , an assistant at a shop selling " Islamic costumes " in Cairo cannot hide her happiness about the growing controversy over the niqab ( full - face veil ) in this predominantly Muslim country .
" When the government banned the niqab at universities , we thought that this would badly affect our business .
What happened is just the opposite , " Shaima'a , who wears a veil , told Gulf News .
" Our sales have almost doubled .
Generally speaking , people distrust whatever the government says .
This is particularly true when it comes to religion . "
The controversy over the niqab in Egypt erupted last October when Mohammad Tantawi , the Grand Shaikh of Al Azhar , the Sunni world 's most influential institution , banned wearing the niqab in female - only classes and dormitories .
The top Muslim cleric , appointed by the government , said the costume was not an Islamic duty .
A few days later , Minister of Higher Education Hani Hilal followed suit , citing security reasons .
He explained that several men were caught putting on the niqab to enter university hostels incognito .
This ban has drawn sharp condemnations from Islamists and human rights activists .
It has also triggered a dozen lawsuits field by niqab wearers .
Twice this month , Egyptian courts revoked this ban , saying that wearing the niqab is part of personal freedom .
Niqab traders cite another reason for the increasing popularity of the head - to - toe veil .
Affordable
" It is inexpensive and affordable for the poor , " said Mahmoud , the owner of a garment shop in eastern Cairo .
" The niqab sells for 25 Egyptian pounds ( Dh16 ) to 50 pounds , depending on the material .
Some benefactors sell the garb for lower prices . "
Around 40 per cent of Egypt 's 80 million population are believed to live below the poverty line .
The official criticism of the niqab as a non-Islamic costume has prompted more females to wear it .
" Before this criticism , I was hesitant about putting on the niqab , " Fawzia , a government employee , said .
" But when more than one official started to attack it , I decided to wear it .
In view of the prevalent corruption , the people who do the right thing are the ones who are always targeted with criticism , " Fawzia , 39 , said .
Now that Avatar is on track to be the second biggest film of all time , pundits are starting to wonder if there 's more to its success than Art Nouveau pterodactyls in 3 - D .
Here are five explanations they 've come up with .
Advertisement
It 's the Great Recession , and we need escapism .
This is the same argument we 've been hearing since our economy roared off a cliff — now that we 're in an economic ditch , people want uplifting happy escapist fare .
Writes the Chicago Tribune 's Greg Burns , " During the Great Depression , escapist - minded Americans flocked to the movies , and the current Great Recession is picking up on the trend . "
This is good news for superhero movies and space operas alike , but it does n't explain why apocalyptic spectacles like 2012 have done so well as well .
( My own theory is that apocalypses are escapist too , because they let us imagine surviving the worst possible thing , as well as starting over without all of this clutter .
Plus maybe the investment bankers all die . )
Advertisement
It 's the corporate sponsorship .
Despite being a movie whose underlying villain was another one of James Cameron 's greedy , nasty corporations , Avatar soared thanks to corporate schwag .
Fox spent jillions of its own money promoting the film , but it also relied on corporate partners to spread the meme , says AdAge :
The studio teamed with Coke Zero and McDonald 's for extensive promotions that gave fans access to the virtual augmented - reality world of Pandora .
Consumers could download an AR application from AVTR.com and scan their Coke Zero can or 12 - pack to take a virtual ride in the Samson helicopter featured in the film .
McDonald 's took a similar approach with its Happy Meal and Big Mac tie-ins , creating a virtual " Avatar " space called McWorld , where fans could interact with other aspects of the Pandora environment .
Both marketers had large - scale media buys to promote the tie-ins , including general - market TV buys from Coke and multicultural TV , print and radio ads from McDonald's .
LG and Panasonic pitched in for global tie-ins to cross-promote products with similar 3 - D innovations , while Mattel partnered on the toy merchandising front .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
McWorld .
Sigh .
Advertisement
Movies are making more money generally .
It 's partly inflation , but even if you take that out of the equation , most of the top - grossing movies of all time are from the past decade , points out The Wrap 's Michael Lee .
Studios are getting better at convincing you to shell out to see a movie in the theater , and pay for add - ons like Imax or 3 - D .
And the big innovation in 2009 was n't mo-cap or 3 - D — it was the way Hollywood got better at selling films overseas .
Even clunkers like Terminator Salvation did great in overseas box office .
Advertisement
Conservative rage ?
Avatar is a perfect snowball of Conservative - baiting , from the jabs at the Iraq war and the War on Terror to its heavy - handed environmentalist messages .
But that has n't hurt the film at all , notes the L.A. Times ' Hero Complex blog .
The Weekly Standard called it " anti-American " and " anti-human . "
But actually , I 'm left wondering if all of the controversy over the film 's politics did n't spur more people to go see it so they could find out what the fuss was about .
Advertisement
Fox kept the Internet buzzing .
After the underwhelming first trailer came out and the Internet reacted with scorn , Fox reacted , deluging us with clips and other online content , says Den Of Geek .
The resulting online overexposure drowned out the original backlash and kept people chattering about the Thanators and mountain banshees and so on .
( Although Fox also chose to avoid giving websites the usual junket access and exclusive goodies before the film came out , perhaps trusting that sites would cover the film either way . )
What do you think ?
Was it any of these reasons ?
Lack of competition from Sherlock Holmes and the chipmunk squeakwel ?
Surcharges from 3 - D tickets ?
James Cameron 's macro-cephalic brilliance ?
Some other reason ?
When you run experiments , there ’s inherently an element of the unknown .
After all , we ’re trying to figure out things we do n’t know .
And sometimes , things go wrong .
FATALLY WRONG !
Here are some of the most interesting , most intriguing , and sometimes most horrific , experimental deaths we ’ve ever heard of .
15 .
Those magnificent men and their flying machines
The first post on this list is dedicated to all those brave souls who lost their lives attempting to defeat mankind ’s oldest enemy : gravity .
Truly , there is no greater statement of belief in your own invention than hurling yourself from a high point , depending only on it for survival .
Ismail ibn Hammad al - Jawhari , who tried to make wooden wings ; Otto Lilienthal and his hang gliders ; Franz Reichelt , a tailor who attempted to make the world ’s first parachute .
We salute you .
You attempted to beat gravity , and instead plummeted to a grisly death .
Rechelt deserves special mention for not only hurling himself off the Eiffel Tower with only a poorly constructed edifice of cloth stuck to his back , but doing so during the dawn of cinematography , thus ensure the entire event was recorded for the world to remember .
14 . Marie Curie
There ’s a certain romanticism attached to the tale of Curie .
She discovered the theory of radioactivity , discovered polonium and radium , undertook the first studies of how to use these strange new theories to treat cancer , and was awarded Nobel prizes in Physics and Chemistry .
However , a lifetime of exposure to the radiation , along with the universal lack of knowledge about its effects , lead to her death from aplastic anemia .
She worked under such heavy radioactivity that all her notes — even her cookbook — are stored in lead lined boxes , and anyone wishing to study them has to wear protective clothing .
13 . Jesse William Lazear
The Yellow Fever was a disease that most likely originated in Africa , but during the 18th and 19th century was convincingly kicking the ass of the United States .
It was n’t until the 1900s that Lazear — a researcher of the “ American Plague ” , and bearer of a name that sounds like Lazer — confirmed that it was even transmitted by mosquito .
He was a tireless researcher to try and defeat the illness , to the point where he secretly exposed himself to infected mosquitos .
I bet you know what happened then .
Yup , he contracted the disease , and died .
You want to know how Yellow Fever will do you in ?
Most people will just get fever , headache , chills , back pain , loss of appetite , nausea and vomiting , and then walk away with life - long immunity .
The second phase , however , is the deadly one .
Liver damage , jaundice , abdominal pain , bleeding from the mouth , eyes and ass .
And finally , blood filled vomit .
What a way to go .
12 . MKULTRA
MKULTRA sounds like the stuff of conspiracy theorist ’s dreams .
It also sounds like a badass metal band , but that ’s besides the point .
If someone told you that the CIA was secretly testing American citizens with psychoactive drugs in order to test their effectiveness for interrogation , you ’d probably give that person a nice sheet of tinfoil from which they could fashion a handsome and fetching hat .
But it happened .
The CIA went around dosing the fuck out of everyone , to see how LSD and other drugs functioned , and they tried to figure out mind control .
Did n’t really work .
Hell , they even got a group of prostitutes to secretly drug up their johns to see how the acid worked on unwilling participants .
Two people died from the tests : Harold Blauer , a New York professional tennis player , who was injected with a mescaline derivative called MDA during treatment for depression .
This was done without his knowledge or consent , and he died after a massive overdose of the drug .
Frank Olson was an Army biochemist , who was exposed to LSD under dodgy circumstances .
Some say he was murdered for threatening to go public .
The official version is he was given the drug , not knowing what it really was , and then jumped from 13th story window .
11 . Stateville Penitentiary Malaria Study
Man , the Army sure does show up a lot on this list , huh ?
I guess they just have a thing for human experimentation .
So , you have a prison in Illinois 1940s , and a medical department , Army and State Department who want to run a controlled study of malaria — a.k. a the disease that has killed the most human beings , ever .
Oddly enough , they even got the prisoner ’s consent , including infamous murderer Nathan Leopold .
441 inmates volunteered , I assume for extra cigarettes or something similar , and were bitten by 10 disease carrying mosquitos each .
Only one died , from a heart attack after battling a number of rounds with the fever .
The interesting thing about this situation , is the defence team of the Nazis during the Nuremberg Medical Trials claimed there was no difference between the prison experiments , and the forced experimentation in the concentration camp .
It was during this trial that the concept of “ informed consent ” was cemented , into the form we know and love today .
10 . British Nuclear Tests
In the 1950s , Britain was desperate to have its own nukes , and undertook a number of atomic tests in a picturesque corner of the Pacific known as Christmas Island .
Dubbed Operation Grapple , they detonated a series of atmospheric nuclear devices , without bothering to evacuate either their personnel , or the inhabitants of the island .
Some reports say that instead of protective gear , the servicemen were just told to turn their backs from the explosion , and cover their faces with their hands .
The men reported a flash so bright they could see their bones through their hands , and so strong that it knocked many over .
And afterwards , they all ate fish from ocean , swam in the lagoon , and drank the local water .
The American Government continued to perform tests in the area for years .
Both sides deny any long term ill effects to the servicemen or local population .
9 . The German Ebola Accident
If you ’ve ever been in a science lab , you ’ll have probably run into various stringent rules about behavoir , like : no drinks , no open - toed shoes , keep experiments separate , no sex on the lab tables , etc .
And you probably ignored most of them .
Well a worker at an Ebola research lab in Germany knows the importance of these procedures , after she accidentally pricked herself with a needle through three layers of protective gloves .
She was instantly quarantined and given an experimental treatment , and managed to survive .
So yes , she lived , and does n’t really belong on this list .
But , it gives me a chance to talk about Ebola , so fuck you all , I ’m running with it .
Ebola is nasty .
Like really nasty .
It has a mortality rate of 50 % - 89 % , depending on strain .
So , if you get the nicest , sweetest , most cuddly version of it , it ’s still even odds of you kicking the bucked .
The nastier ones will almost certainly do you in .
And you know how you go ?
You bleed and shit yourself to death , while all your organs shut down .
Awesome .
8. The Fallout Experiments
Oh fallout , white and fluffy as snow , it descends from the heavens after a nuclear explosion .
It ’s radioactive dust that ’s created when a nuclear bomb goes off , and its incredibly toxic , and has a tendency to work its way into the food chain .
It leads to cancer , death , and horribly mutated babies How do we know this ?
Because the American Government exposed the inhabitants of Rongelap Atoll to it .
Yeah , it would have sucked to live on a Pacific Island in the 50s and 60s , when all this shit was being blown up .
This one was n’t intentional , but they sure did n’t mind watching the effects .
It was after they detonated a lithium deuteride bomb , which ended up producing a much larger explosion than originally planned , combined with strong winds that bore the dust over the islands .
They called the severely malformed offspring of the island ’s inhabitants “ jellyfish babies ” .
Nice .
7. Dr. Henry Cotton
Dr Henry Cotton .
Sounds like a nice and fluffy guy , does n’t he ?
Well , he was n’t .
He ran the New Jersey State Hospital at Trenton ( previously called New Jersey State Lunatic Asylum , now known as Trenton Psychiatric Hospital ) , and thought that you could cure insanity via removing parts of your patients .
That ’s right , he beliveved rudely ripping organs from your body would cure delusions .
He ’d start with removing all the teeth , move on to the tonsils and sinuses , and then , in no particular order , the testicles , ovaries , gall bladders , stomachs , spleens , cervixes , and colons .
Wow , with all that gone , you ’d be down to almost no internal organs .
One example was “ An 18 year - old girl with agitated depression [ who ] successively had her upper and lower molars extracted , a tonsillectomy , sinus drainage , treatment for an infected cervix , removal of intestinal adhesions — all without effecting improvement in her psychiatric condition .
Then the remainder of her teeth were removed and she was sent home , pronounced cured ” .
Seeing as this was the 1920s , and before antibiotics , I ’m sure you can imagine what the survival rate was like .
Cotton claimed an 85 % success rate , which was completely wrong .
It also turns out that the mortality rate among his patients was around 45 % .
Even if you did survive , you ’d be missing a large chunk of your internal organs .
6. The Demon Core
The name “ Demon Core ” sounds like something out of a B horror movie , and it should .
The Demon Core was a nuclear device with a rather troublesome tendency to kill researchers .
At the Los Alamos labs in the 1940s , the Demon Core was a chunk of subcritical plutonium that was used for research , and on two separate occasions , it went critical , killing scientists .
The first was Harry Daghlian , who was working neutron reflection experiments , surrounding the core with neutron reflective bricks .
Each one brought the core closer to critical , and when he accidentally dropped a brick on the plutonium mass , it triggered a massive blast of radiation .
He pulled it off quickly , but received a fatal dose of radiation , and died 28 days later .
The second incident involved Louis Slotin and a group of scientists , who were placing two half - spheres of neutron reflecting beryllium around the plutonium core .
The two halves were held apart by a screwdriver wielded by Slotin , but he slipped , and the two closed .
The core went supercritical .
He pulled apart the halves , thus saving the life of everyone else in the room , but received such a big hit of radiation that he died 9 days later .
5. TGN1412
In the process of researching new drugs , you start by trying them out on small mammals , and slowly working your way up the ladder before eventually reaching us human types .
There ’s a fundamental theory that if it ’s fine for all the smaller creatures , it ’s probably going to function in a vaguely similar way for the bigger ones .
Sometimes , however , it does n’t .
That ’s what happened with TGN1412 , a drug being studied by the company Parexel .
A group of study subjects in London were exposed to the drug at a dose 500 x lower than was safe in animals .
In humans , it caused catastrophic systemic organ failure .
Within five minutes , they were in rapidly escalating pain .
Basically , their body shut down .
Six patients were hospitalized , four died , and one looks like he may be developing cancer .
As an ex-drug trial volunteer myself , all I can say is “ GAH ! ”
4 . The Tuskegee Syphilis experiment
In the 1930s , syphilis was poorly understood , and many of the treatments toxic in their own right .
In 1932 , 399 poor black workers with the disease were promised free treatment , but when funding dried up due to the depression the study changed its goal , and the disease was left to run its course so that it could be studied .
Now , that ’s bad enough , but they were trying to find out more about syphilis in order to treat it better , so they had good intentions .
But in the 1940s penicillin rocked along , which cured the disease .
And the group running the experiment refused to treat the patients with it .
They intentionally blocked the patients from learning about penicillin , and prevented them from seeking outside treatment .
The experiment ran from 1932 to 1972 , at which point , of the original 399 only 74 survived .
28 had died from the disease , 100 from complications associated with it , 40 of their wives were infected , and 19 children were born with congenital syphilis .
3 . The Nazi Experiments
There ’s a reason the Nazi ’s are such effective villains in so much of our culture .
It ’s very easy to forget some of the shit they did , which was downright torture , in the name of science .
The experiments they ran on the people in concentration camps are terrifying and disturbing .
Prisoners were dunked in ice water for hours , to see how long downed pilots would survive in the North Atlantic .
Decompression chambers were used to test the effects of high altitude , usually followed by live brain dissections to see what happened ; they were forced to drink salt water as their only source of fluids ; war wounds were inflicted and deliberately infected in order to test new treatments ; and TB was brought into the population .
These people died under horrific circumstances .
Yet these are the only clinical information we have about certain conditions .
The hypothermia data in particular is far beyond any other study that could be attempted , which puts researchers in a dilemma .
Is it ethical to use data gathered by such disgusting means in order to work on treatments that may save lives ?
2. Mengele ’s twins
As bad as the tales of most Nazi research are , Mengele ’s experiments were particularly twisted .
He worked primarily on young twins , as he was obsessed with unlocking their secrets to increase the birth rate of the “ master race ” .
In no particular order , and always without anesthetic , he scraped bone shavings out of gaping holes in peoples legs , combined a pair of twins to create a conjoined body ; injected dye or chemicals into their eyes to change the color ; drew large amounts of blood ; transfused large amounts of blood between twins ; spinal taps and injections ; one twin would be infected with a disease and the other not ; organ removal ; castration ; amputation ; some even allege sex change and incestuous impregnation operations .
Some 3000 twins passed through his hands , and only approximately 26 survived .
The “ angel of death ” indeed .
After the war , he vanished to South America , where he lived out the rest of his life in remorseless hiding , to die from accidental drowning at the age of 68 .
1. Unit 731
While the Nazis were doing their horrific work in Germany , the Japanese outdid them in mainland Asia , undertaking a regime of ruthless experimentation the likes of which are too disturbing to imagine .
Everyone knows about Nazi experimentation , but the story of Unit 731 is far less known , and all the more horrific for it .
Unit 731 was a research base in Northeast China , and the home of more than 10,000 deaths by experiment .
The patients were vivisected without anesthesia after infection with diseases ; pregnant women were vivisected and the fetus removed ; limbs amputated to study blood loss ; said limbs re-attached to the opposite side of the body ; extremities were frozen by repeated immersion in water while left in icy conditions , then amputated or thawed to study gangrene ; prisoners had their stomachs removed , and their esophagus attached to their intestine directly ; live humans were used to test grenades at various ranges and positions ; flamethrowers ; chemical and biological agents including plague , cholera , smallpox , botulism , syphilis and gonorrhea ; being hung upside down until they choked to death ; air injected into their arteries to cause embolism ; horse urine injected in their kidneys ; deprived of food and water till death ; placed in high pressure chambers till death ; being exposed to extreme cold ; burned to see how well they could survive different degrees of burns ; spun until death on a centrifug e ; animal blood injections ; lethal radiation doses ; injected with sea water to see if it could be substituted for saline ; and buried alive .
A laundry list of human atrocities .
While many of the Nazi doctors were at least brought to justice for their crimes , Unit 731 merely disbanded and General MacArthur gave immunity to its doctors in exchange for information on biological warfare , and the majority got off scott free .
However , Russia brought war crimes proceedings against a number of the perpetrators , and sentenced them to hard labor in Siberia .
I ca n’t help but think they got off light .
Update : Olbermann gives Stewart B- for smackdown
The Daily Show ’s Jon Stewart took on MSNBC ’s Keith Olbermann Thursday night for what he dubbed as a devolution into petty name - calling — and offered his viewers a special comment of his own — replete with a dozen or so comical spectacles .
“ For years , sir , your outrage was warranted , based in fact , saturated in reason , marinated in malice but tenderized with the cleaver of careful consideration once wielded so masterfully by the demigods of discourse those whose very chair you sit in , ” Stewart quipped .
“ You fought your fight .
And you fought it furiously and forthrightly but is n’t a fight , if ill - foughten , folly ?
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Fer - haps , ” he added .
“ How far , sir ?
How far will you fall ?
Once , you toiled in the fields of the factual — equal parts punditry and profundity with prodigious prose as powerful as it was purple but now this , now this , sir — this , sir .
Stewart changes his glasses several times .
“ This , sir — this , sir and no , sir .
This teleprompter is not stuck .
I am doing something called repetition for dramatic emphasis , you , sir , invented .
I like it . ”
“ But now you ’re just kind of calling people names .
To wit , you said this of Joseph Isidore lieberman , Democrat [ sic ] , Connecticut , “ a senatorial prostitute of Roger Ailes ’ fat ass . ”
Chris Wallace , “ a monkey posing as a newscaster , ” Rush Limbaugh , a “ big bag of mashed up jackass . ”
All right , all right , I ’ll give you that one .
That was a good one . ”
“ And of Michelle Malkin , you said a ‘ mindlessly morally bankrupt knee - jerk , fascistic mashed up bag of meat with lipstick on it ” end quote .
That sounds a lot more like violence against women than anything Scott Brown ever said …
You ceded the high ground and now you wallow in the fetid swamp of baseless name calling .
And as we both know , sir , that ’s my thing .
It is beneath you — it is next to me .
A man of your intellect need not be me — petty , pompous , pusillanimous or poopyhead . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
On Friday , Olbermann responded to Stewarts evisceration .
TV Newser ’s Chris Ariens writes , “ It was a little bit of a ripoff of the Affleck thing , but overall , I ’d give it a B -. ”
Olbermann was referring to a 2008 impression Oscar winner Ben Affleck performed on MSNBC ’s sister network ’s Saturday Night Live .
( Video of Affleck ’s impression can be seen below )
ADVERTISEMENT
This video is from Comedy Central ’s The Daily Show , broadcast Jan. 21 , 2010 .
Affleck ’s Olbermann impression from NBC ’s Saturday Night Live , which originally aired in November of 2008 follows :
The kinds of increases in atmospheric carbon dioxide taking place today could have a significantly larger effect on global temperatures than previously thought , according to a new study led by Yale University geologists .
Their findings appear December 20 in the advanced online edition of Nature Geoscience .
The team demonstrated that only a relatively small rise in atmospheric carbon dioxide ( CO 2 ) was associated with a period of substantial warming in the mid- and early - Pliocene era , between three to five million years ago , when temperatures were approximately 3 to 4 degrees Celsius warmer than they are today .
Climate sensitivity -- the mean global temperature response to a doubling of the concentration of atmospheric CO 2 -- is estimated to be 1.5 to 4.5 degrees Celsius , using current models .
" These models take into account only relatively fast feedbacks , such as changes in atmospheric water vapor and the distribution of sea ice , clouds and aerosols , " said Mark Pagani , associate professor of geology and geophysics at Yale and lead author of the paper .
" We wanted to look at Earth - system climate sensitivity , which includes the effects of long - term feedbacks such as change in continental ice - sheets , terrestrial ecosystems and greenhouse gases other than CO 2 . "
To do this , the team focused on the most recent episode of sustained global warmth with geography similar to today's .
Their reconstructed CO 2 concentrations for the past five million years was used to estimate Earth - system climate sensitivity for a fully equilibrated state of the planet , and found that a relatively small rise in CO 2 levels was associated with substantial global warming 4.5 million years ago .
They also found that the global temperature was 2 to 3 degrees Celsius higher than today while CO 2 levels were only between about 365 and 415 parts per million ( ppm ) -- similar to today 's concentration of about 386 ppm .
" This work and other ancient climate reconstructions reveal that Earth 's climate is more sensitive to atmospheric carbon dioxide than is discussed in policy circles , " Pagani said .
" Since there is no indication that the future will behave differently than the past , we should expect a couple of degrees of continued warming even if we held CO 2 concentrations at the current level . "
Other authors of the paper include Zhonghui Liu ( Yale University and The University of Hong Kong ) , and Jonathan LaRiviere and Ana Christina Ravelo ( University of California , Santa Cruz ) .
This study used samples provided by the Integrated Ocean Drilling Program and was funded by the National Science Foundation and the Yale Climate and Energy Institute .
Not - so - steady cam !
The first film to be shot entirely by chimps using bash - proof cameras
With the fashion for shaky cameras amongst TV crews you could be forgiven for thinking they are being operated by monkeys .
That is exactly what is happening with the BBC to show the first ever film shot by chimpanzees .
Around 11 of the animals at Edinburgh Zoo spent the last 18 months filming each other as they carry around a special ' chimpcam ' device .
Scroll down for video
[ caption ]
The results will be aired on The Chimpcam Project , which airs tomorrow night on BBC2 .
The footage is part of a BBC documentary about the work of behavioural scientist Betsy Herrelko , from the University of Stirling .
The chimps were introduced to video technology in a new high tech enclosure and a new chimp - proof camera was put in with them .
The device was put into a sturdy box and also had a monitor on the side so the animals could see what they were capturing on camera .
[ caption ]
Producer John Capener said he came up with the idea for the experiment after he watched a TV show a couple of years ago which thought was so bad that the chimps could make a better go of it .
He said : ' The idea stuck in my head and I wondered if chimps really could film .
They 're very strong and aggressive , but I thought if we could find a way for the camera to survive it would make for some interesting footage .
' We were dealing with an average group of chimps , but they worked with us very well and gave it their best .
I 'm pretty sure they understood the filming .'
Ape friendly :
The camera was put into a sturdy box and also had a monitor on the side so the animals could see what they were capturing on film
The footage is part of a documentary about the work of behavioural scientist Betsy Herrelko
Miss Herrelko added that the programme tested the extent to which chimps were aware of the link between seeing and filming .
She said : ' They never got bored of filming unless the monitor died . '
Four hours of footage was filmed and now Mr Capener said he is looking a further projects like this with different animals .
In this photo dated Aug. 18,2009 released by NASA work continues on the spacecraft at Vandenberg Air Force Base 's Astrotech processing facility in California .
The sky - mapping WISE , or Wide - Field Infrared Survey Explorer , is scheduled to launch no earlier than before dawn Friday from Vandenberg Air Force Base on the central California coast aboard a Delta 2 rocket .
( AP Photo / NASA / Doug Kolkow )
( AP ) -- NASA 's latest space telescope will scan the sky in search of never - before - seen asteroids , comets , stars and galaxies , with one of its main tasks to catalog objects posing a danger to Earth .
The sky - mapping WISE , or Wide - Field Infrared Survey Explorer , is scheduled to launch no earlier than before dawn Friday from Vandenberg Air Force Base on the central California coast aboard a Delta 2 rocket .
If all goes as planned , WISE will orbit some 325 miles above the Earth and produce the most detailed map yet of the cosmos .
It is designed to detect objects that give off infrared light or heat .
Infrared light is ideal for uncovering dusty , cold and distant objects that often can't be seen by optical telescopes .
The mission is expected to find millions of hard - to - see objects , said principal investigator Edward Wright of the University of California , Los Angeles .
" It 's really a mission to survey everything that 's out there , " Wright said .
" What we 're trying to do is make a map of the universe . "
Scientists estimate it will take six months for WISE to peruse the entire sky .
The spacecraft will circle the Earth 15 times a day and take about 7,500 images a day in four infrared wavelengths .
WISE will catalog the locations and sizes of near - Earth objects such as asteroids and comets that could threaten Earth .
The spacecraft will also look for failed stars called brown dwarfs , gaseous balls that never quite gathered enough mass to set off the nuclear fires that cause stars to shine .
Also of interest are galaxies that shine with the brilliance of more than a trillion suns .
The $ 320 million mission , managed by NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory , should help current and future spacecraft zero in on the most interesting objects for detailed studies .
WISE will join two currently operating infrared space telescopes - NASA 's Spitzer Space Telescope and the European Space Agency 's Herschel Space Observatory .
Both differ from WISE by focusing on specific celestial targets .
Project managers say WISE will be hundreds of times more sensitive than its predecessor , the Infrared Astronomical Satellite , launched in 1983 .
The joint U.S. - British - Dutch mission discovered six comets and detected huge discs of dust surrounding several distant stars .
The Infrared Astronomical Satellite studied the cosmos for 10 months until it ran out of coolant .
WISE is expected to meet the same fate .
On the Net : WISE mission : http://www.jpl.nasa.gov/wise/
©2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Explore further NASA 's WISE Mission Arrives at Launch Site
The health care revolution will not be televised despite what President Obama promised you two years ago .
Obama has broken his campaign promises to make the health care debate a transparent process after saying he would do so on at least eight ocassions during his 2008 White House run .
Instead , Obama prodded House and Senate Democrats to get him a final health care bill as soon as possible — encouraging them on Tuesday night to go behind closed doors and skip the usual public negotiations between the two chambers in the interest of speed .
During the 2008 presidential campaign , Obama repeatedly told voters that the health care overhaul would take place in a public forum , most notably on C - SPAN , conservative bloggers pointed out today .
In a video montage posted on Breitbart.tv , Obama is seen promising voters — on eight different occasions — that the health care debate would be transparent .
For example , during a meeting with the editorial board of The San Francisco Chronicle on Jan. 20 , 2008 , Obama said , “ These neogtiations will be on C - SPAN , and so the public will be part of the conversation and will see the choices that are being made . ”
In another clip , dated Nov. 14 , 2008 , Obama told voters that the process would be transparent .
“ We will work on this process publicly .
It ’ll be on C - SPAN .
It ’ll be streaming on the Internet , ” he said .
This comes as Republicans seized on a Dec. 30 letter from the head of C - SPAN on Tuesday calling on congressional leaders to open the final talks to the public and cited Obama ’s campaign trail pledge to do just that .
But Democrats have reacted defensively to criticism that they are taking the most crucial stage of the debate behind closed doors , contending they ’ve conducted a transparent process with hundreds of public meetings and legislation posted online .
Asked about that promise , Pelosi retorted , without elaboration , “ There are a number of things he was for on the campaign trail . ”
Democratic lawmakers have agreed that rather than setting up a formal conference committee to resolve differences between health bills passed last year by the House and Senate , the House will work off the Senate ’s version , amend it and send it back to the Senate for final passage , officials said .
The committee process would have been something that the cable network C - SPAN would have aired live .
Instead , Obama ’s goal is to get a final bill to his desk before next month ’s State of the Union address .
As for the bill itself , House Democrats will probably have to give up on starting a new government insurance plan to compete with the private market .
In its place , they hope for more generous subsidies for low income families to buy health insurance .
New here ?
You may want updates via email or RSS feed .
Thanks for visiting !
Writing Your Money : The Missing Manual has been intense .
I 've spent a ton of time researching personal finance topics ranging from buying a car to funding a 401 ( k ) to the relationship between money and happiness .
My research has reinforced some of my convictions ( index funds are the best investment for 99 % of personal investors , for instance ) but has toppled others .
One of my beliefs that 's been set on its head is that Americans are better off buying their own homes .
I do n't believe that 's necessarily the case anymore .
Advantages to Renting
In 2007 , Tim Ellis shared a guest post with GRS readers about the realities of home ownership .
“ It 's a real shame when people are driven to get into the housing market because of misplaced notions of imagined financial benefits , ” Ellis wrote at the time .
I did n't pay much attention ( because I was in London ! ) , but I now believe he 's right .
Yes , homeownership makes sense for some people .
But there 's no shame in renting ; in fact , for many folks , that 's the way to go .
The housing industry is huge , and it spends a lot of time propagating certain myths about homeownership , myths like :
If you rent , you 're throwing your money away .
Owning your home is a forced savings plan .
Home ownership is a path to wealth .
My own research shows that over the long term , housing prices ( and gold prices ) barely outpace inflation .
In fact , since 1926 , home prices ( and gold prices ) have returned about one percent above the inflation rate .
That 's hardly a good investment .
( Stocks have averaged about 6.8 % above inflation ! )
There 's no question that buying a house makes sense for some folks , but mainly for non-financial reasons .
Owning a home gives you stability ( you 're not at the mercy of a landlord ) and freedom ( you can do what you want with the place ) .
But financially , it 's not usually the best bet .
( It 's true that you build equity , but you do so at a very high cost . )
In an editorial in the June 2007 issue of Kiplinger 's Personal Finance , Knight Kiplinger wrote , “ It often costs less to rent .
The annual cost of owning a property , be it a house or a condo , is usually greater than the cost of renting , after taxes . ”
And there are other advantages to renting .
For one , you have flexibility ; you can move at a moment 's notice .
For another , you 're not responsible when things go wrong .
If the shower starts leaking before you leave for your vacation in Duluth , you do n't have to worry about it — you call in the landlord .
Still , this is a personal finance blog , so let 's look at some ways to examine the decision to rent or buy in a financial light .
Renting by the Numbers
One way to tell whether it 's better to rent or buy is by checking out the price - to - rent ratio ( or P/R ratio ) .
This number gives you a rough idea whether homes in your area are fairly priced .
Figuring a P/R ratio is n't too tough .
All you need to do is :
Find two similar houses ( or condos or apartments ) , one for sale and one for rent .
Divide the sale price of the one place by the annual rent for the other .
The resulting number is the P/R ratio .
For example , say you find a $ 200,000 house for sale in a nice neighborhood .
You find a similar house on the next block for rent for $ 1,000 per month ( which works out to $ 12,000 per year ) .
Dividing $ 200,000 by $ 12,000 , you get a P/R ratio of 16.7 .
But what does this number mean ?
Writing in The New York Times , David Leonhardt says , “ A rent ratio above 20 means that the monthly costs of ownership will exceed the cost of renting . ”
That 's \a little opaque , but what Leonhardt means is that the higher the P/R ratio , the more it makes sense to rent — and the less it makes sense to buy .
During the housing bubble , the national P/R ratio came close to 20 ( and went far above that in some cities ) .
In other words , you could rent a $ 200,000 house for $ 10,000 a year ( or just over $ 800 per month ) , which is a pretty good deal .
The normal range nationwide is between 10 and 14 ( meaning it would cost between $ 1200 and $ 1600 to rent a $ 200,000 house ) .
During the 1990s , just before the housing bubble , the national P/R ratio was usually between 14 and 15 ( about $ 1100 to $ 1200 to rent a $ 200,000 house ) .
Note : I could n't find any info on current price - to - rent ratios , but CNN has a table of I could n't find any info on current price - to - rent ratios , but CNN has a table of P/R ratios for 54 American cities from the summer of 2007 .
These are out of date , of course , but still interesting to look at .
Plus , the table has long - term averages .
Another way to gauge the cost of housing is to compare it to your family 's income .
From 1984 to 2000 , median home prices were about 2.8 times the median yearly family income .
( In other words , the typical house cost about three times what a family earned in a year . )
During the early 1970s , home prices were about 2.3 times median family income .
During the housing bubble , this ratio jumped to 4.2 .
These numbers may not mean a whole lot on their own , but they can give you some sort of idea whether housing is overpriced in your area .
Plus , it seems safe to assume based on past figures that most families can comfortably afford a home that costs about 2.5 x their annual income .
( So , if your family makes $ 80,000 a year , you can afford our theoretical $ 200,000 house . )
Note : I 've shared it before , and I 'll share it again : The New York Times has a great rent vs. buy calculator that can help you decide which is best for you .
Just plug in the numbers for your situation , and the calculator tells you how long it would take you to break even if you bought a house .
I 've shared it before , and I 'll share it again : has a greatthat can help you decide which is best for you .
Just plug in the numbers for your situation , and the calculator tells you how long it would take you to break even if you bought a house .
Home Sweet Home
Despite the results of my research , I 'm not about to sell our house .
The thing is , there 's more to this decision than just the numbers .
As I always say , money is more about mind than it is about math .
Our financial decisions have more to do with our psychology than with the numbers .
Kris and I are happy in our drafty old house .
We love the vast yard that gives us space to grow a vegetable garden , blackberry canes , and fruit trees .
We love the uneven floors , the outdated kitchen ( everything 's from 1950 ! ) , and the zillions of windows .
It may not make the most financial sense , but there 's more to happiness than just money .
We 're not about to move , but you know what ?
If I had it to do again , I 'd never buy this house .
If we had stayed where we were , we'd now have just four years left on our mortgage .
But knowing what I know now , I might even be inclined to rent .
For most folks , renting is n't a bad option .
Note :
This post contains bits and pieces that have been discarded ( and some that have n't ! ) from Your Money : The Missing Manual .
My final manuscript was much , much too long , and we 're going to have to cut a lot of stuff .
This makes me sad , but it 's not a complete loss .
I 'll be able to share some of it here at GRS !
The world 's oldest sheep has died in western Victoria .
Lucky , a ewe from Lake Bolac , west of Ballarat , made it into the Guinness Book of World Records two years ago .
She died yesterday morning , aged 23 years , six months and 28 days .
Owner Delrae Westgarth says Lucky had recently begun to show signs of suffering .
" It 's a relief .
She was good up to that first lot of heatwaves we had .
She went downhill a bit from then , " she said .
" We brought her into the shed where she was reared and put airconditioners on her , which kept her going a bit longer , but unfortunately she did n't make the 23 years and 7 months . "
Ms Westgarth says she found Lucky as a newborn lamb abandoned by her mother .
" We found her early in the morning and I hand - reared her until she was old enough to go out with the other sheep , " she said .
" When she got too old for that we brought her back into a paddock on her own so she could eat by herself , so the other sheep would n't pinch all the tucker . "
" She used to come and howl at the back gate , torment the dogs and that sort of thing . "
THE CLASSIC Software Engineering book that everyone in software should read .
The human side of software development .
A personal favorite of mine about life in general .
( Non Technical ) A public domain text I published as a little side project .
( Non Technical )
By Jane
I pose a question to you , dear Internet .
How stupid would you have to be to write a hand - written anonymous letter to a party to whom you ’d already sent hand - written mail ?
I ’m going with “ fairly dense ” .
Here are two images of a letter received today by one of our swim team ’s sponsors , Oyer , Macoviak and Associates , with whom East Coast Swimming has a referral programme .
The letter is a print - out of Swimwatch ’s last entry .
The entire entry was printed out and included in the envelope ; here , I ’ve replicated only the pages which were written on .
Note , the “ sender ’s address ” is that of a public swimming pool and is , of course , fake .
The pool had nothing to do with the note .
We immediately had our suspicions as to who was responsible for the note , and luckily , we had an older correspondence from the person with which we could cross-check the penmanship .
When placing certain letters next to each other , it became even more apparent that our guess was correct .
Forgive the photographed images of the older letter : someone else scanned today ’s letter , and our scanner is broken .
I ’m not a handwriting analysis expert , but I ’m also not legally blind .
First , let ’s look at “ A ” .
There are three tell - tale signs here .
The straight line , extending slightly above the curve of the letter to the left is one ; however , far more telling are the small flick backwards at the end of the stroke downwards , and the extended cross -stroke .
Let ’s now look at an instance of a double “ e ” .
Again , a distinctive flick to the left , along with an identical overall shape , most certainly suggest that these were written by the same person .
On to the capital “ D ” .
Because I do n’t doubt the eyesight of any of you , it ’s unlikely I need to point out the similarities between these characters .
However , it ’s worth mentioning the defining point about each D : the bottom - heavy nature of the characters appears somewhat like the letter was filled with something –bullshit comes to mind–which was then left to settle .
There were two varieties of “ r ” in both letters .
The second looks quite a lot like a “ v ” :
It appears even more convincing that the writer is the same person when two different ways of writing the “ r ” are included in both letter .
Finally , the writer ’s rendition of “ Seacrest ” is remarkably similar in both instances .
Notice the follow - through from the “ e ” to the “ a ” in both words , as well as the similar “ r ”s .
Finally , the fact that the stroke through the final “ t ” extends far further to the right seems like the perfect seal on the fact that today ’s weird attempt to interfere with a local swim team ’s sponsor and an earlier letter , written to the same team , were penned by the same person .
Only the “ t ” was not the last shred of evidence : both letters were postmarked West Palm Beach , which is not the town in which the team is based .
I wonder if you also licked the envelope when you sealed it , and the stamp when you attached it ?
Anonymous trolling : you ’re doing it wrong .
It ’s obviously tempting to “ out ” the writer .
If we were to print the full image of the older letter , the person ’s identity would certainly be clear .
But is it really worth it ?
The second rule of the Internet is not to feed the trolls , after all , and I think this applies , even though the correspondence was largely offline .
Since it ’s apparent that the person responsible reads this website with some regularity , I ’m sure she ’ll see this .
And she ’ll know that she failed .
Know the recommended service intervals in your car handbook ?
This pulled pork BBQ - like sludge is what happens when you do n't follow them .
More mistreated BMW 328 Ci schadenfreude below .
Advertisement
[ via Bimmer Forums ]
Hayden rang in the New Year down in sunny Miami , but the story is n’t so much about where she was , as who she was with .
Apparently , Hayden is dating professional boxer Wladimir Klitschko , whom she was linked with as long ago as February / March of last year .
Tale of the tape for this relationship ?
Hayden – Age : 20 Height : 5 ’1 ″ Weight : 105
Wladimir – Age : 33 Height : 6 ’6 ″ Weight : 250
Going from Milo Ventimiglia to this brute is like going from riding a bicycle to riding a Harley .
I just hope the poor girl does n’t sprain her vagina .
And since I ca n’t stand to have a post without at least a few hi res pics , here ’s some of Hayden from last year ’s Swedish Elle and GQ .
I am deeply honored to have such kind words said about my book , and I invite you to judge for yourself whether they are deserved .
This is a book I 've put a lot of heart and soul into :
It 's not just a catalog of pictures or a dry recitation of the properties and applications of the elements .
It 's a personal conversation with the stuff we 're made of .
I love to see and feel this stuff , and I 've tried to make the elements as real for you as I can , through photography and by telling the stories that make them meaningful to me .
You may be tempted to just look at the pictures , but I encourage you to read the text as well :
Some of it 's quite interesting , if I do say so myself .
The times are changing in the wake of Climategate .
And more is to come as the polluted science embedded in the email exchanges gets reviewed by talented amateurs and pros alike on the blogosphere ( see Climate Audit , Roger Pielke Jr. , and WattsUpWithThat , in particular ) .
Given time , the rethink will go mainstream .
Scientists are truth seekers at heart , but an entrenched mainstream of climate scientists–so many of them friends and political allies –will need to be nudged out of their denialism .
Old voices are challenging their ‘ mainstream ’ colleagues , and new voices are coming forth .
I have seen this clearly here in Houston ( examples below ) , and I expect it is happening elsewhere .
Consider what Andy Revkin , the recently retired climate - change science writer at the New York Times , told the public editor at the Times regarding Climategate : “ Our coverage , looked at in toto , has never bought the catastrophe conclusion and always aimed to examine the potential for both overstatement and understatement . ”
Sounds like the Times will report both sides of the issue now , rather than just trumpet alarmism as it was prone to do in the past ( remember William K. Stevens ? ) .
Joe Romm at Climate Progress ( Center for American Progress ) is furious at this development , but just maybe over - the - top Joe has himself to blame for getting Revkin and the like to want to report on both sides more than ever before .
And Romm himself is now considered damaged goods by the Left , thanks to the four - part expose by the Breakthrough Institute .
Climategate , in short , is making quite a difference .
But much more courage is needed .
Dr. Michelle Foss ( University of Texas at Austin )
Consider Michelle Michot Foss , an internationally respected energy economist with the University of Texas at Austin who is past president of both the U.S. Association for Energy Economics ( 2001 ) and the International Association for Energy Economics ( 2003 ) .
Her December 8th letter to the New York Times read :
To the Editor : Your editorial concludes , “ It is also important not to let one set of purloined e-mail messages undermine the science and the clear case for action , in Washington and in Copenhagen . ”
Hold on a minute .
It was precisely because “ one set ” of opinions has been driving climate politics that the whistleblowers , not hackers , published the evidence .
And it is precisely because of the type of coverage that The New York Times and other mainstream news organizations are giving the whistleblowing incident that the integrity of both the scientific and journalistic communities is being threatened .
Honest questions have been raised and honest attempts have been made to shed light on questionable claims about climate science for decades .
We need to push for greater disclosure , more scrutiny , better research and a halt in the action before we jump into policy and regulatory schemes that we will deeply regret .
Dr. Foss has kept her views somewhat under wraps given her university position , but Climategate was enough for her to go public in the above very public way .
And she has received a number of emails of support–and some emails by her alarmist friends to the effect : ‘ gosh Michelle , I agree with you on Climategate , but I thought you were one of us ….’
To such critics , her answer can be : Climategate proves that alarmism is exaggerated , and most modest warming scenarios win the debate for adaptation over mitigation .
Robert Murphy has made this point in a post very widely read among economists and entitled “ Apologist Responses to Climategate Misconstrue Real Issues . ”
I think that if some on the UT - Austin faculty were to try to silence her powerful voice , they would have a ( climate ) McCarthyism issue on their hands post Climategate .
What a difference compared to several months ago !
Dr. Neil Frank
Also consider the case of Dr. Neil Frank , a former director of the National Hurricane Center in Miami and a weather forecaster at KHOU - Channel 11 in Houston .
He previously did not want to enter the climate fray for fear of being marginalized by the mainstream–including the hometown Houston Chronicle , whose editorial board is a bastion of alarmism , except for their science writer Eric Berger ( skeptical of Gore - type alarmism ) and business columnist Loren Steffy ( anti cap - and - trade ) .
Dr. Frank just published an op-ed in the Houston Chronicle , Climategate : You Should be Steamed , where he explains why the silent majority in his profession have been mistreated by the academic mainstream / IPCC crowd .
( His op - ed is reprinted as an appendix below . )
Dr. Peter Hartley ( Rice University ) : Courage Following Berger ’s Courage
It is a sad state of affairs–a Climategate - like situation –when a tenured , chair professor has to sneak his skeptical views about climate alarmism into the public debate .
But this is the situation for Peter Hartley at Rice University , and specifically at the James A. Baker Institute where Dr. Neal Lane , a former Clinton Administration official and confidant of Obama science advisor John Holdren ( who has been featured at climate events at Baker without balance on the other side ) has shut down debate on the physical science of climate change .
Dr. Hartley has been beaten down at Baker for years , and he is full of stories about how other Rice University professors have concerns about climate models ( and the “ hockey stick ” work of Climategater Michael Mann ) but have stayed quiet because so much government funding is at stake .
I have been present at a meeting of the Houston Chronicle editorial board where Dr. Hartley lamented the situation at the Baker Institute on climate - change science .
The editors may not have taken note , but Chronicle science writer Eric Berger did .
And it was Berger who mustered up a bit of courage to write a telling blog on feeling duped by Al Gore and climate alarmism .
And as a comment on Berger ’s blog , Hartley came out of the closet to note :
Eric , First , thank you for maintaining an open mind on this subject .
It is unfortunate one has to say that , but certain groups have worked to make it very hard to do so , or at least to admit to it in public .
Second , as a science writer for a major newspaper I think you should ponder the policy implications if natural climate change is more significant than was thought and can dominate the effects of CO2 .
It ought to make adaptation strategies more attractive since they can protect against climate shocks whatever the source while limiting the build - up of CO2 world - wide ( assuming it can be done any time soon ) can at best protect against just one source of climate change .
This case is further strengthened [ if ] , as is almost surely the case , additional CO2 in the atmosphere has direct benefits for plants and thus for agriculture , ecosystem productivity , greening of the deserts and much else besides .
Good adaptation strategies would allow those benefits to be retained while controlling the costs of climate effects .
Fortunately , a thaw is in the air , as a climate discussion / debate has been planned for the evening of Wednesday January 27th at Rice University ( but not at the Baker Institute ! ) between skeptic Richard Lindzen of MIT and Jerry North of Texas A&M.
Stay tuned .
Mini-Climategates ?
The emergence of new voices is an important development brought on by Climategate .
But other voices are still intimidated into silence .
There have been mini-climategates at a lot of places , including top universities ( email releases anyone ? ) .
It is time for science and ideology to come clean in what could and should be a new era of transparency for physical science and associated public policy .
Climate alarmism and the whole neo-Malthusian worldview toward population , resources , etc. needs a full pro/con hearing .
May the best science and public policy win !
APPENDIX : DR .
NEIL FRANK ON CLIMATEGATE
Climategate : You should be steamed By NEIL FRANK
HOUSTON CHRONICLE Jan. 2 , 2010 , 4:28 PM
Top 10 Discoveries of 2009
ARCHAEOLOGY 's annual list of the year 's most exciting discoveries -- from North America 's earliest canals to evidence for chemical warfare at a Roman outpost in Syria - - highlights sites , artifacts , and scientific studies we feel most enrich our knowledge of the past .
Archaeology is an incremental science , and " eureka " moments are rare .
Often the most significant advances result from many years of research .
For instance , we feature the work of archaeologists who have dug for four decades at a second - century B.C. Greek city in southern Russia .
They were only recently able to identify a large structure at the site as the palace of King Mithradates VI , a legendary foe of Rome .
Two elite tombs excavated this year are on the list , one belonging to a Moche lord in Peru and the other to a family of Iron Age priestesses on Crete .
Meanwhile , graves of exotic animals now emerging at the Predynastic Egyptian capital of Hierakonpolis show that the city 's rulers kept extensive menageries -- the world 's first zoos .
We hope 2009 's remarkable finds inspire you to make your own connections with the past , and whet your appetite for the discoveries to come .
As always , there were many more significant discoveries than our " Top 10 " list allowed for .
Here are five more of the year 's most important finds .
Maybe we should just call it the " Top 15 Discoveries of 2009 . "
Top 10 Discoveries : 2006 | 2007 | 2008 | 2010
A fresh scandal over toxic milk products has shocked Chinese consumers , with state media today reporting claims that officials waited almost a year before warning the public .
The government pledged to clean up the dairy industry in autumn 2008 , when 300,000 babies were taken ill and six died after drinking melamine - tainted Sanlu - brand infant formula .
The issue reared its head again last week when food safety authorities in Shanghai announced they had shut down the Shanghai Panda company after discovering it was producing condensed milk and milk powder laced with the same chemical .
The China Daily newspaper suggested today that officials began investigating the company as early as February last year .
Chinese press said Shanghai Panda was among more than 20 dairy firms found to have melamine in their products during the Sanlu scandal , but was allowed to resume production after promising to improve product safety .
But China Daily reported claims that problems surfaced again in December 2008 and officials began investigating two months later , citing documents from prosecutors in Fengxian district , Shanghai .
The firm 's board chairman , general manager and deputy general manager have been arrested .
" The case was not allowed to be released to the public , " Shen Weiping , of the prosecutors ' office , told the newspaper .
" The three executives will be prosecuted in a week for producing and selling fake or substandard products . "
Yan Fengmin , of the general administration of quality supervision , inspection and quarantine , told the newspaper that the case was withheld because it was under criminal investigation by police .
He said both the administration and the Shanghai government were informed immediately after the case was found , and all harmful products were seized .
It is not clear when officials began recalling them .
Wang Dingmian , former director of the Dairy Association of China , told the Global Times newspaper that he believed the problem was linked to the earlier scandal .
" Some local governments did n't destroy [ tainted products ] completely .
Some producers recycled and sold them again illegally , " he alleged .
Yan denied that such materials were involved in the new case , saying local governments had overseen the destruction of all recalled products .
Melamine , used in the production of plastics and fertilisers , gives the illusion of higher protein levels in nutrient tests .
A dairy farmer and milk salesman were executed for their roles in the Sanlu scandal in November .
The Chicago Police Department is seriously considering scrapping the police entrance exam , sources tell Fran Spielman .
Dropping the exam would bolster minority hiring and avert legal battles , according to one source , while others confirm that the exam could be scrapped to open the process to as many people as possible .
However , the lack of an exam would make Chicago the lone major city without one , and experts contend that the exam is integral to eliminating unqualified applicants .
The CPD has tried in recent years to boost minority hiring by offering the police exam online and turning to minority clergy to help in the recruitment effort .
But those efforts have met with frustration .
Despite seeing an increase in the number of minority applicants in 2006 , the last year the exam was offered , the online component was never launched .
And as of last year , one in four patrol officers was African - American , but just one in 12 Lieutenants was of color .
Fraternal Order of Police President Mark Donahue said the plan " sounds ridiculous . "
" With this , you 're taking away one of the steps that attempts to legitimize the ( hiring ) process , " he said .
Asked about the plan Wednesday morning , Mayor Daley said he was unaware of any plans to do away with the exam .
" I never heard anything about that , " he said .
But the city 's Department of Human Resources did n't deny it .
In a statement , the department said the city is " reviewing all options right now on how to handle the application process . "
The CPD is currently operating at 2,000 officers - a- day short of its authorized strength .
Police hired only 46 officers this year , with plans to hire fewer than 100 next year -- and those hirings rely on federal funds .
What 's more , City Hall has floated the idea of imposing cop furloughs to meet a tight budget .
Begin your quest to save your kingdom with the tried and true Spearmen
Posted : December 19th , 2011 ˑ View Comments
Or just check out my blurb review of the book from a few weeks ago : A Scathing , Humorous Look Inside The Testing Industry
Read below for a new interview with Farley about the reaction to the book and what that tells us about where school reform stands .
Perhaps the humor throws readers off .
Perhaps it 's Farley 's role , which makes him seem unsympathetic or unreliable .
Perhaps it 's the challenge his book represents to everyone who 's involved in the testing and accountability world .
Todd Farley is an example of the latter .
His book Making The Grades has gotten surprisingly little attention given how harsh and complete is its insider 's attack on standardized testing ( and accountability ) .
No hearings .
No lawsuits .
No changes in states ' testing regimens or industry scoring practices .
Some people who tell all about the industry they worked in are greeted as brave whistleblowers and embraced by the media and lawmakers eager to make changes .
Others are greeted with suspicion and unease .
What do you think the book tells us that we need to know ?
TF : I believe it proves beyond a shadow of a doubt why this country should n’t allow large - scale assessment and for - profit companies to have anything at all to do with American teachers and students .
Is this really new news ?
TF : There 's never been an insider view of the testing industry like the one I 've written , and I think my revelations confirm every nightmare anyone 's had about that business .
What 's the reaction been to the book , over all ?
TF : It seems to be being ignored .
Why did you think it would be more popular ?
TF : I assumed that my real - life revelations of the testing industry ’s shortcomings would resonate with people , but that does n’t seem to be the case .
What have been the best and worst reactions you 've gotten ?
TF : The most rewarding reactions I ’ve received have been from Jonathan Kozol , Charles Murray , Linda Perlstein , NEA President Dennis Van Roekel , and Alfie Kohn , people who have made education their life ’s work .
The worst ?
TF : I ca n’t say I ’ve got too many bad reactions to the book , although I ’ve been called an “ unreliable narrator ” once or twice .
Is that a fair criticism ?
TF : It seems some people believe the fact I spent most of my time in standardized testing trying to make money ( or live big on my expense account ) made me “ unreliable , ” although most of the reason I was so honest in the book about my personal foibles is because I wanted people to know what it means when you trust for - profit companies ( and for - profit people like I was ) with making important decisions about American education .
What you described in the book almost sounded like malpractice , or outright deception -- what are the legal options for redress , if any ?
TF : The industry itself has n’t admitted any such thing .
They continue to act as if testing is some kind of flawless science .
What about individual families and schools ?
TF : It ’s always possible when you get a test score back to ask to have it re-scored , even if that might cost you more money .
It was because people asked to get their tests re-scored that many massive screw - ups have been uncovered ( SAT 2006 , Praxis 2004 , Minnesota state assessment 2000 ) .
Those revelations sure did n’t happen because the testing industry came out and admitted their errors .
Any word from your former colleagues and employers ?
TF : Obviously , any number of people I worked with in testing now hate my guts .
Plenty others do n’t , however .
One guy recently told me he was surprised I had n’t put more examples of “ testing dysfunction ” in the book , and another congratulated me ( a little snidely ) for writing the book “ everyone he knew had long threatened to write . ”
That comment I find particularly telling , as it concedes anyone who ’s ever been in a test - scoring center knows what a circus it really is .
The testing companies have said not a word about my claims , which I find interesting .
Any impact from the book that you know of ?
TF : A couple newspapers columnists have mentioned Making the Grades prominently when discussing state testing snafus in Florida , and another woman running for office in South Carolina is touting my book as a reason to eliminate state testing .
How about actual changes in state testing regimens ?
TF : No one seems to care I ’ve confessed that the testing companies do nothing other than produce numbers , random numbers that do n’t necessarily reflect anything about American students or teachers .
You described yourself as an unsympathetic character -- how so ?
TF : I portrayed myself ( honestly ) as guy who during his career was more interested in soccer & travel & expense account living than in the anything as philanthropic or exalted as “ education . ”
I wanted people to know who they are entrusting decisions about American education to when they hire for - profit testing companies to do this work .
I think my unapologetic description of myself may make me come across “ unsympathetically ” to people who care very much for schools and children .
So what are we supposed to do now -- go back to trusting teachers like we used to ?
TF : I know beyond a shadow of a doubt that entrusting the testing industry to make tens of millions of decisions each spring about individual students and teachers is an absolutely absurd idea .
What should be happening ?
TF : That governments want to keep paying millions of dollars a year to testing companies instead of buying books and hiring teachers is beyond my comprehension .
As far as I ’m concerned that is just throwing money away .
There might be ways for testing to work , but I can't see how that would ever entail hiring short - term employees off the street to assess student responses .
Perhaps the system would work if teachers were hired ( and paid more ) to score state tests , but entrusting bored temps to care about student learing for ten bucks an hour seems illogical to me .
Would we be better off going back to right and wrong ( multiple choice ) tests , since short response items seem to be the main culprit ?
TF : There would be fewer problems with the scoring of those tests than there is with the open- ended , constructed response items that need to be scored by humans .
Philosophically , I have to admit I am against the idea of large - scale assessment of that kind , too , but at least I do n’t have 15 years of experience watching those tests get horribly mis-scored .
Are all the testing companies you worked for pretty much the same ?
TF : ETS is a test development company and I think they do phenomenal work -- I would happily entrust the education of my new son to all the people I knew there , especially the ones working on NAEP .
NCS Pearson , however , is a test - scoring company , and while I never claimed it was company policy to cook the books in terms of reliability , validity , etc. , the reality is those books get cooked all the time .
Scientists announce the end of the mid-life crisis :
Life really does begin at 40 , they say
Life really can begin at 40 , an expert claimed yesterday .
Improvements in healthcare , education and life expectancy have made the mid-life crisis a thing of the past , according to psychologist Dr Carlo Strenger .
' Somehow this line has been drawn around the mid and late 40s as a time for a mid-life crisis in our society , ' he said .
Life 's a beach : Over -40s are ' free to enjoy life ' according to a psychologist
' But as people start living longer and fuller lives , we have to cast aside that stereotype and start thinking in terms of " mid-life transition " rather than " mid-life crisis " .
' If you make fruitful use of what you have discovered about yourself in the first half of your life , the second half can be the most fulfiling . '
Writing in the Harvard Business Review , he said that most of us will have married , bought a home and chosen a career by the age of 30 or so .
With those difficult decisions behind us , we are free to start enjoying life - and learn from our mistakes .
Dr Strenger said that while life will still present difficulties , we are much better equipped to handle them when we are older .
There is also little point in hankering after the freedom of our youth .
' The notion that possibilities slip away with age is based on a false premise , ' he said .
' The young do not have endless possibilities - that is an illusion , created by our limited knowledge of ourselves and the world when we are young .
' Early on , we make decisions on the basis of scant evidence of our true abilities ; after all , in our late teens and early 20s , we know little about what we are good at and what we enjoy .
' The illusion of a freedom of youth is also based on a retroactive idealisation .
We forget - the pressures we faced : we had to get into a good school , get high grades , land a great first job , arrive at such - and - such a position by the age of 30 , and so on .
' And in the middle of those demands , we had to shape our identities , develop our abilities and establish our self - esteem . '
Those still tempted to throw in their office job to try to become a popstar should note that radical re-inventions are doomed to fail .
Dr Strenger , of Israel 's Tel Aviv University , said : ' We all have fantasies about what we could have been in a different life : actors , singers , writers , tycoons , political leaders .
' When people buy into the message that a fantasy is a potential reality , they get into trouble . '
His message , however , clashes with a recent British study which found middle age is the most miserable time of our lives .
The analysis of a million Britons concluded that the biggest dip in happiness comes at 44 - and most people do not start to feel perkier until their 50s .
But Dr Strenger said anyone not convinced by his argument need only look at the life of Elliott Jaques , the psychoanalyst who coined the term mid-life crisis in 1965 - aged 48 .
Between then and his death aged 86 in 2003 , he got married , wrote 12 books , acted as a consultant to the Church of England and the U.S. Army and produced some of his most original ideas .
Dr Strenger said : ' A life such as Elliott Jaques lived should not be considered unusual .
People 's conceptions of age are hopelessly out of touch with reality .
' Many people can anticipate a second life , if not a second career . '
Even the strongest Afghani brown can’t save Scottish junkies from the waking - nightmare that ’s gripped them since December — when word first leaked out in the press of dope - fiends dropping dead from Anthrax - tainted heroin .
Since December , press reports say there have been 14 confirmed anthrax poisonings among Scottish heroin junkies , and one in Germany .
Eight of those have died .
As any Irvine Welsh reader knows , the slums of Glasgow and Edinburgh are notoriously smack - plagued , so panic has no doubt hit copping centers in these towns especially hard .
The source of the poisoned dope is still a mystery — Scottish health sleuths blame it all on “ contaminated heroin or a contaminated cutting agent . ”
So far , reports on the outbreak have treaded lightly on the terrorism angle , only implying that what is most likely Afghani brown ( just about all the heroin in Europe comes from Afghanistan ) might have been hit with bio-terrorism .
The Taliban surely benefits from the drug trade ( as do reportedly many of the American - backed government ’s warlords ) , so it would seem strange for pro-Taliban terrorists to introduce Anthrax as weapon that would otherwise hurt the Taliban .
EU governments are anxious that the German case could be the start of a cross-continental epidemic , an AFP story reports :
“ There is no outward sign or color enabling the user to tell whether the heroin has been contaminated by anthrax , and contaminated heroin dissolves or is used in the same way as uncontaminated heroin , ” a French Ministry warning reads in part .
Hardcore addicts can do little with such creepy information , especially if he does not have access to other opiates .
If the cases continue to spread , junkies — already a superstitious lot — will concoct pseudo - scientific rituals to test their drugs for contamination .
Scotland has long been a hotbed of Anthrax fears .
The Independent claims the bacteria strain was behind a “ spate of deaths among Scottish heroin addicts in 2000 . ”
Just four days ago , strangely enough , The Scotsman revealed that “ Operation Dark Harvest ” — a 1981 Anthrax terrorist attack launched across the UK — was the work of a shadowy Scottish nationalist group called the Scottish Civilian Army ( SCA ) .
At the time , it was not definitively known if the 10 lbs bags of tainted soil left in front of government and university offices were really contaminated , Scottish Health Department files show .
Initially , the 1981 Anthrax terrorist scare came in response to media reports that an island off the coast of Scotland that had been used to test British Anthrax bio-weapons during World War 2 still posed a danger — infected sheep had washed ashore to the Scottish mainland , killing local livestock .
The “ Operation Dark Harvest ” group demanded that the government properly dispose of the Anthrax , or else …
The shadowy SCA seems to have fallen off the face of the earth .
But Howard Fienberg , a sketchy “ senior DC lobbyist , ” has an anonymously authored pro-Scottish independence position - paper on his website that lauds the SCA ’s approach as an “ extraordinarily effective way of drawing attention to the hazards of chemical and biological weapons . ”
The paper continues : “ One of the problems to be faced by an independent Scotland would be controlling its population . ”
So there ’s plenty of Anthrax that the military planted on an island just 600 yards from Scotland ’s shores .
And there are plenty of Scots still clamoring for independence .
One thing ’s certain : there ’s more to this story .
When newborn on his fledgling wings ,
A pigeon dreamt of lofty things ,
But elders warned of what 's in store ,
" You 're just a pigeon .
Nothing more . "
" Perhaps , " he thought , " I 'll be a swallow ,
So swiftly flying none could follow ,
Or maybe with great eagles soar ! "
He was a pigeon .
Nothing more .
" Or a poet !
Scholar !
Mathematician !
Saint , philosopher , great magician !
Like ravens , I 'll quote , ' Nevermore ! ' "
Alas , a pigeon .
Nothing more .
He dreamed of being other birds ,
But in the end ' twas naught but words .
' Twas just a pigeon - - nothing more --
Who 'd never heard of glass before .
A federal judge is slamming the door on RealNetworks ' argument the Hollywood studios are a " price - fixing cartel " that illegally prevent the distribution of DVD - duplicating wares .
The Seattle - based electronics concern made the anti-trust argument in a failed bid to convince U.S. District Judge Marilyn Hall Patel in San Francisco to lift a distribution ban ( .pdf ) of its RealDVD software .
It allows consumers to make copies of DVDs to hard drives .
The Motion Picture Association of America and others sued RealNetworks more than a year ago , claiming the software is illegal because it circumvents technology designed to prevent copying .
Patel 's decision means that , at least for the foreseeable future , it remains unlawful in the United States to market devices that copy DVDs .
Despite a huge black market for them , the MPAA feared that under a contrary ruling it would lose control of the DVD as the music industry did the CD .
CDs were not encrypted and protected by the Digital Millennium Copyright Act .
" Real 's purported injury stems from its own decision to manufacture and traffic in a device that is almost certainly illegal under the DMCA , " Patel , who was the judge in the Napster case , wrote late Friday .
Paradoxically , the courts have never squarely addressed whether individuals have the " fair use " right to duplicate their own DVDs .
Lawsuits have targeted the makers of copying services , not individuals making backup copies of their discs .
RealNetworks claimed the MPAA unlawfully conspired to prevent competition with the implementation of a CSS code licensed to DVD - player manufacturers – a code that is the key to unscramble Hollywood 's encrypted DVDs .
The CSS code is licensed to DVD - player manufacturers , so electronic companies can acquire the keys to unscramble Hollywood ’s encrypted DVDs .
The code is designed to prevent unauthorized copying of movie discs .
The judge said RealNetworks breached the CSS and other anti-circumvention technologies affixed to DVDs , and hence had no standing to even bring the anti-trust allegations .
" The court holds that Real has failed to allege a plausible anti-trust injury .
Even if Real were free to circumvent CSS technology , RealDVD would have been enjoined due to its circumvention of non-CSS encryption devices , " Patel wrote .
Patel 's decision last year blocking RealNetworks from selling its software is on appeal .
A decision is not expected for about a year .
RealNetworks declined comment .
Photo : john_a_ward
See Also :
Soccket
In many developing countries , heavy reliance on kerosene lamps has led to myriad health problems .
The World Bank , for example , estimates that breathing the fumes created from burning kerosene indoors equals the harmful effects of smoking two packs of cigarettes a day .
Burning kerosene for lighting also generates some 190 million metric tons a year of carbon dioxide emissions , according to recent estimates — the equivalent emissions of about 38 million automobiles .
But four Harvard students are betting that the popularity of soccer around the globe can help reduce the use of kerosene .
They came up with the idea for the sOccket , a soccer ball that generates and stores electricity during normal game play .
The stored electricity in the ball can then be used to light an LED lamp , or charge a cellphone or battery .
“ Soccer is something you will find in every African country , ” one founder , Jessica Lin , told Green Inc .
“ People play for hours a day , so we thought , ‘ Why not try to get a little more out of that energy ? ’ and that ’s where the idea ultimately came from . ”
Ms. Lin and her fellow students — Jessica Matthews , Julia Silverman and Hemali Thakkar — came up with the idea of an energy - harvesting soccer ball as a class assignment .
The initial inspiration , they said , came from dance floors that can capture energy from the dancers ’ movements .
They are working with a prototyping team and a technical adviser associated with the Laboratory at Harvard , a new idea incubator at the university .
The group has also received a handful of grants , including support from the Clinton Global Initiative University .
Early prototypes of the ball use an inductive coil mechanism similar to the technology found in shake - to - charge flashlights .
The movement of the ball forces a magnet through a metal coil that “ induces ” voltage in the coil to generate electricity .
For each 15 minutes of play , the ball can store enough energy to illuminate a small LED light for three hours , according to initial trials .
The group recently tested the ball in South Africa , to gauge the children ’s interest and to assess the ball ’s performance during play .
“ Obviously , this wo n’t be a regulation ball , ” Ms Lin said .
“ You wo n’t see David Beckham using it .
But it ’s a big improvement over some of the makeshift balls the kids create from things like old plastic bags . ”
Using a “ buy one - give one ” model , the sOccket team hopes to sell the ball in Western markets , as a high - end tech gadget , then use the profits to distribute the balls at little or no cost in poor countries through development organizations like Whizz Kids United .
Their goal is to have a completed version of sOccket that can be distributed by the end of 2010 .
“ We ’ve received some comments about how this ball is n’t going to solve the energy problems of the developing world .
And , of course , we realize that , ” Ms. Lin said .
“ We are trying to make a bigger statement about energy needs .
Even if our project just starts people thinking about different ways to bring energy access to places like Africa , that ’s really important . ”
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
Just two weeks after Google said it was the victim of an organised hacking attack , details of a similar sting that targeted three of the world 's biggest oil companies have emerged .
Documents obtained by US newspaper the Christian Science Monitor show that the computer systems of three major energy companies – ExxonMobil , Marathon and ConocoPhillips – were hit by a string of attacks in 2008 aimed at stealing valuable information .
The strikes , which used precision phishing attacks to fool executives into bypassing security procedures , focused on " bid data " , the valuable information collected by the companies on new oil deposits and potential sites for future operations .
According to the Monitor 's investigation , the three companies – which are all based in Texas – were only made aware of the extent of the attacks following an FBI investigation .
None of the companies involved in have made a public comment , but security experts have warned in the past about the growing importance of cybersecurity .
A report late last year by US defence company Northrop Grumman suggested that American systems were being targeted by the Chinese government – which has invested heavily in its ' informationised ' army .
" First , the values of information systems and networks have never been greater , " said Northrop Grumman 's chief technology officer Robert Brammer in December .
" Second , cybersecurity threats have never been greater . "
Though precise details of the Texan attacks remain unclear , they bear similar hallmarks to those used in the strike on Google and more than 30 other American companies , which is now being dubbed Operation Aurora by internet security experts .
Aurora used a vulnerability in Microsoft 's Internet Explorer web browser to access some confidential information , while the Financial Times reported earlier this week that the hackers responsible had also used instant messaging programs to pose as the friends of Google employees in order to obtain protected data such as passwords .
As a result of the attacks , which are said to have originated in China , Google has threatened to protest by uncensoring its search engine in the country - a move that has threatened to escalate relations between Beijing and Washington towards a diplomatic standoff .
The origins of the oil company hackers are not known , but the newspaper said that at least some of the information was sent to computers in China .
It is far from the first time that major companies or systems have been the victim of hacking attacks .
According to reports that emerged last year , hackers have targeted a number of major computer networks belonging to governments , private companies or other important schemes .
The $ 300 bn Joint Strike Fighter project - a collaboration between countries including the United States , Britain , the Netherlands and Israel - is said to have been compromised , while the US electrical grid was also an apparent target .
News of the attacks on ExxonMobil and others also throws into relief comments made last week by Microsoft chief executive Steve Ballmer .
In a speech to oil industry executives in Houston , Ballmer scoffed at Google 's stance over the hacking attacks and suggested that information warfare was incredibly common .
" People are always trying to break into other people 's data , " he said .
" There 's always somebody trying to break into Microsoft . "
Such attempted break - ins are part of the reason Barack Obama recently suggested that defending from internet attacks was " one of the most serious economic and national security challenges we face " .
That realisation led to the White House to appoint a new head of cybersecurity last month , while the British government is also planning to institute its own national cyber security centre to combat the growing threat of online warfare and criminal activity .
CAMMY CLARK , McClatchy Newspapers
MARATHON , Fla . —
After a citizen ’s tip led undercover detectives to six large marijuana plants growing in a wooded lot in the Florida Keys , police half - jokingly left a phone number and ransom note .
“ Thanks for the grow !
You want them back ?
Call for the price ...
We ’ll talk . ”
Ten minutes later , the phone rang .
Steven Locascio , 48 , negotiated $ 200 to get his six - foot - tall plants back and arranged a meeting place , authorities say .
“ He ’s got to win one of America ’s dumbest criminal awards , ” said Monroe County , Fla. , Sheriff ’s Col. Rick Ramsay .
“ The plants were worth about $ 1,000 each .
So he probably thought it was a good deal . ”
The undercover detectives loaded the plants into a pickup truck and met Locascio , who handed over the cash — and was arrested .
A court - approved search of his apartment turned up 20 smaller pot plants , four pounds of freshly harvested pot in a freezer and several 80 milligram Oxycontin pills .
Detectives also seized $ 1,380 in cash .
Locascio and his wife , Christine , 50 , were charged with cultivation of marijuana , possession of drug paraphernalia and sale of marijuana .
“ The detectives left the note as a last ditch effort , thinking he would never call , ” Ramsay said .
“ But sometimes people do stupid things . ”
— ——
( c ) 2010 , The Miami Herald .
Visit The Miami Herald Web edition on the World Wide Web at http://www.herald.com/
Distributed by McClatchy - Tribune Information Services .
Candidates Announced
Gamers 4 Croydon have announced some candidates for the South Australian election this year .
The G4C website also tells us to expect further candidates to be announced at a later date .
The two candidates announced so far are Kat Nicholson and Chris Prior .
Kat Nicholson will be running directly against Michael Atkinson in the electoral district of Croydon
Some information about the candidates from the G4C website :
Candidate for Croydon : Kat Nicholson
Kat has sustained a lifelong love of both gaming and politics and is a highly intelligent , motivated and educated young woman .
She completed a BA at Flinders University and is currently studying a Masters in journalism at the University of South Australia .
She spent a year as an intern at one of Adelaide ’s leading animation studios , and has a long history of participation in community and amateur theater .
Candidate for the Legislative Council : Chris Prior
Chris is the President of Gamers4Croydon and will be leading the G4C ticket in the upper house .
He is a self - taught software engineer , and has volunteered extensively in the community , providing help for youth groups and church organisations .
More information available on the G4C website .
" Your software is by far the greatest Chinese learning tool I 've seen , and I am so grateful to you for making available at a reasonable price to the general public . "
— Peter Hammond
" I 've been using Clavis Sinica for almost a year and it has really helped improve my reading and vocabulary .
Just the discipline of reading the China News Digest summaries for 15 - 20 minutes a day has taken my Chinese to the next level .
Thanks for making this available . "
— Greg
" Thanks for a great program ; Clavis Sinica is really helping me keep my language skills up - to - date .
I really appreciate the fact that it runs relatively painlessly on my Mac . "
— Gene
" I have been using the program for about 5 months now and I have moved from knowing a little over 2,000 characters to consistently scoring 3,000 or more on your on - line character test .
More importantly I have finally moved from reading intermediate texts to on - line news I find on the WWW .
Your program has turned out to be an amazing aid .
I am now a huge fan . "
— Brent Nelson
More User Comments
Haiti in hope and despair :
The boy craving a hug after a week buried alive and the schoolgirl killed by police for looting
GRAPHIC CONTENT
With his arms wide open and eyes sparkling with joy , he is handed over to his weeping mother 's embrace .
This seven - year - old boy named Kiki was pulled yesterday from the rubble of his home after being trapped for nearly eight days .
He and his elder sister Sabrina were in their home in Port - au - Prince when the devastating earthquake struck Haiti last week .
Little boy lost and found : Kiki stretches out his arms to his sobbing mother after being pulled from the rubble
All hope seemed to be lost for the pair since people can rarely last more than three days without food and water .
But their mother remained by the ruins of the house praying for their survival .
And yesterday she was there to call out words of comfort to her children as a U.S. rescue team lifted away the shattered concrete which buried them .
Kiki and Sabrina were gaunt but unharmed , and were treated in an Israeli field hospital where they were reunited with their father .
' It is a miracle , an absolute miracle , ' said Dr David Cash of Virginia Task Force Two after treating Sabrina .
' She is in remarkable shape .
It is an unbelievable feeling .'
Incredibly , it was only one of several incidents which brought hope yesterday to the benighted people of Haiti .
Hauled to safety : Kiki is handed over to a rescuer by a fireman after being pulled out of the ground
Safe :
The survival of Kiki ( left ) and his sister Sabrina ( right ) has been hailed as a miracle
Recovery : Kiki lies still for treatment after his dramatic rescue
But while the images of survivors being pulled alive brought joy and hope , there was further heartbreak on the capital 's streets after a girl of 15 was shot dead as a suspected looter .
Fabienne Geismar had survived the quake which devastated the family home but died in its aftermath , lying face down in her own blood beside the rubble and the worthless pictures she was said to have been stealing .
Her father Osam , sister Samantha and brother Jeff had watched helpless as she was cut down by a bullet .
They returned with a cart to collect her body .
Her mother Armante stood wailing , barely able to stand as she was supported by relatives .
Lifeless : Fabienne Geismar died after being shot by police .
The pictures she had looted lie beneath her face
Overwhelming sorrow : Armante Cherisma cries in front of the body of her daughter
It is unclear whether police deliberately aimed at looters who had targeted properties destroyed in the earthquake , or had been firing warning shots over their heads .
Fears of widespread violence and looting have eased in Haiti as U.S. troops provided security for water and food aid deliveries , and thousands of displaced Haitians heeded the government 's advice to seek shelter outside Port - au - Prince .
While military escorts still are needed to deliver relief supplies , the United Nations said security problems were mainly in areas considered ' high risk ' before the quake .
' The overall security situation remains stable , ' said the UN Office for Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs .
Across the city , there was cause for celebration as a woman of 69 was found in the ruins of the Roman Catholic cathedral .
As each hour went by , Ena Zizi had known that her chance of rescue was drifting away but she never gave up hope .
Yesterday , in what was being described as ' the Miracle of the Cathedral ' , Mexican firemen with thermal imaging equipment detected her heartbeat in the wreckage and then heard her weak voice .
Parched but alive : Ena Zizi is given her first drink in a week
' I'm all right ... sort of , ' she croaked as , covered in a thick layer of dust , she was lifted on a sheet of wood away from the spot she feared would be her tomb .
Reaching with her frail arms for a sip of water , she gulped it down - and then thanked God for her survival and rescue .
She said that immediately after the quake she spoke with a vicar who was also trapped nearby .
But after a few days he fell silent , and she spent the rest of the time praying and waiting .
' I talked only to my boss , God , ' she said .
Members of the rescue team , which was created in the aftermath of the Mexican earthquake in 1985 , wept as Ena emerged .
Doctors who examined her said she was badly dehydrated and had sustained a dislocated hip and broken leg .
Her son , Maxime Janvier , said he had never given up hope that she would be found .
' We were praying a lot for that to happen , ' he said .
' Now she has been given back to us . '
Elsewhere in the capital , a smiling and singing 26 - year - old Lozama Hotteline was carried to safety from a collapsed store in the Petionville neighbourhood by the French aid group Rescuers Without Borders .
And in another extraordinary escape , it emerged yesterday that a man rescued after three days under six storeys of rubble had used his iPhone to look up ways of treating his own injuries while still trapped .
Collection of the most beautiful and interesting Lamborghini concept cars designed by talented artists from all over the world .
Lamborghini Embolado Concept
Designed by a talented Italian design student Luca Serafini , the name of the concept derives from a Spanish festival called “ Embolado Bull ” .
Lamborghini Furia Concept
Inspired by the Lamborghini Gallardo LP560 - 4 , designer Amadou Ndiaye has come up with a new version , the Furia , which is designed with more dramatic and aggressive lines .
Lamborghini RatUn Concept
Beautiful Lamborghini concept car designed by Niels Steinhoff .
Slavche Tanevsky has designed a more aggressive version of the famous Lamborghini Reventon .
Lamborghini Concept
Beautiful Lamborghini concept car designed by Ugur Sahin .
Lamborghini Reventon Roadster
Beautiful concept turned into a real car : Reventón Roadster costs around $ 1.6 million dollars and only 20 cars will be made .
Lamborghini Cachazo Concept
Designer Marouane Bembli thinks this car could be a suitable replacement for the Lamborghini Gallardo .
Lamborghini Concept S
Beautiful concept car designed by Luc Donckerwolke , the head of Lamborghini design , using the Lamborghini Gallardo ’s floorplan .
Lamborghini Timador Concept
Beautiful Lamborghini concept car designed by Johannes Brandsch .
Lamborghini Madura Concept
Designed by Slavche Tanevsky , this concept was created in collaboration with Lamborghini ’s and Audi ’s designers , and is a proposal for the first hybrid Lamborghini that is scheduled for a 2016 launch .
Lamborghini Insecta Concept
The design of this Lamborghini concept combines the brand ’s styling cues with elements inspired by insect exoskeletons .
Stylish Lamborghini concept designed by Emil Baddal from Iran .
Also check out : Recycled Lamborghini Car Desk
The second batch of chapters is ready for public consumption .
Cloning Pong Part 1
This will be a two part write up , part one will cover building a simple pong game in Clojure , part two will cover , interfacing it with Arduino , so that we can control the game using knobs like the original .
I wanted to keep the code simple so it has some flaws such as the ball only goes in 45 degree angles and you can only hit the ball with the front of the pad .
If you want a perfect clone , flaws can be fixed at the expense of making the code a little bit more complex .
Two references are used in the game , one for the ball and one for the players ,
{:x 400 , :y 200 , : size 8 , : dir {:x - 1 , :y 1}}
Reference for the ball contains it 's x and y coordinates on the game board and the direction it is travelling .
{ :1 {:x 10 :y 200 :src 0} :2 {:x 400 :y 300 : src
0}}
Reference for the players contains positions of the pads and keeps track of the scores .
Thats all the mutable state the game has .
( ns pong ( :import ( javax.swing JFrame JPanel Timer ) ( java.awt Color BasicStroke Font Toolkit ) ( java.awt.event KeyListener KeyEvent ActionListener ) ) ) ( def board - size { :w 800 :h 400} ) ( def pad - size { :w 5 :h 25} ) ( def step { : right 5 : left - 5 : up 5 : down - 5} ) ( defn beep [ ] ( . beep ( . Toolkit getDefaultToolkit ) ) ) ( defn move - player [ p dir player ] ( let [x ( if ( = p : 1 ) ( :x ( :1 @player ) ) ( :x ( : 2 @player ) ) ) y ( if ( = p : 1 ) ( :y ( :1 @player ) ) ( :y ( :2 @player ) ) ) delta (* 3 ( if ( = dir : up ) ( : up step ) ( : down step ) ) ) ] ( dosync ( alter player merge {p { :x x :y (- y delta ) : src ( : src ( p @player ) ) }} ) ) ) )
( move - player :1 : up ( ref {:1 {:x 10 :y 200 :src 0} :2 {:x 400 :y 300 : src 0}} ) ) pong= > {:1 {:x 10 , :y 185 , :src 0} , :2 {:x 400 , :y 300 , :src 0}}
When move - player is called , depending on the player and direction value passed , it will calculate the new x and y coordinates and update the player reference .
( defn place - ball [ ] ( let [x ( if ( = ( rand-int 2 ) 0 ) - 1 1 ) y ( if ( = ( rand-int 2 ) 0 ) - 1 1 ) ] { :x ( int (/ ( :w board - size ) 2 ) ) :y ( int (/ ( :h board - size ) 2 ) ) : size 8 : dir { :x x :y y}} ) )
Every time a player scores , position of the ball is reset , it will be placed in the middle of the board with a random direction .
( defn move - ball [ ball ] ( let [x ( cond ( = 1 ( :x ( : dir @ball ) ) ) (+ ( :x @ball ) ( : right step ) ) ( = - 1 ( :x ( : dir @ball ) ) ) (+ ( :x @ball ) ( : left step ) ) : else ( :x @ball ) ) y ( cond ( = 1 ( :y ( : dir @ball ) ) ) (+ ( :y @ball ) ( : up step ) ) ( = - 1 ( :y ( : dir @ball ) ) ) (+ ( :y @ball ) ( : down step ) ) : else ( :y @ball ) ) ] ( dosync ( alter ball merge { :x x :y y} ) ) ) )
Before every repaint of the game board , we move the ball in the direction it is going and update its reference .
( defn inc -score [ p player ] ( beep ) ( dosync ( alter player merge {p { :x ( :x ( p @player ) ) :y ( :y ( p @player ) ) : src ( inc ( : src ( p @player ) ) ) }} ) ) ) ( defn wall - collision [ ball player ] ( cond ( <= ( : x @ball ) 0 ) ( do ( inc - score : 1 player ) ( dosync ( ref - set ball ( place - ball ) ) ) ) ( >= ( :x @ball ) ( :w board - size ) ) ( do ( inc - score : 2 player ) ( dosync ( ref - set ball ( place - ball ) ) ) ) : else ( let [ dir-x ( :x ( : dir @ball ) ) dir-y ( cond ( <= ( :y @ball ) 0 ) 1 ( >= ( :y @ball ) ( :h board - size ) ) - 1 : else ( :y ( : dir @ball ) ) ) ] ( dosync ( alter ball merge { : dir { :x dir-x :y dir - y}} ) ) ) ) )
Here we check for collisions , if the ball hits the right wall , we increment player one 's score and reset the ball , if the ball hits the left wall we increment player two 's score and reset the ball , if the ball hits the upper or the lower wall , we change it 's y direction which will cause it to bounce from the wall .
( defn player - collision [ ball player ] ;; p1 collision ( if ( and (= ( : x @ball ) (+ ( :x ( :1 @player ) ) ( :w pad-size ) ) ) ( >= ( :y @ball ) ( :y ( :1 @player ) ) ) ( <= ( :y @ball ) (+ ( :y ( :1 @player ) ) ( :h pad-size ) ) ) ) ( do ( dosync ( alter ball merge { : dir { :x 1 :y ( :y ( : dir @ball ) ) }} ) ) ( beep ) ) ) ;; p2 collision ( if ( and (= ( :x @ball ) ( :x ( : 2 @player ) ) ) ( >= ( :y @ball ) ( :y ( :2 @player ) ) ) ( <= ( :y @ball ) (+ ( :y ( : 2 @player ) ) ( :h pad-size ) ) ) ) ( do ( dosync ( alter ball merge { : dir { :x - 1 :y ( :y ( : dir @ball ) ) }} ) ) ( beep ) ) ) )
Besides walls , ball collides with the player pads , when the ball collides , with a player we keep it 's y direction but change it 's x direction to send it in the opposite direction .
( defn key - listener [ board player ] ( let [ move ( fn [ k ] ( let [ key ( .getKeyCode k ) ] ( cond ( = key KeyEvent / VK_W ) ( move - player :1 : up player ) ( = key KeyEvent / VK_S ) ( move - player :1 : down player ) ( = key KeyEvent / VK_UP ) ( move - player :2 : up player ) ( = key KeyEvent / VK_DOWN ) ( move- player :2 : down player ) ) ) ) ] ( proxy [ java.awt.event.KeyListener ] [ ] ( key Pressed [ e ] ( move e ) ) ( keyReleased [ e ] ( move e ) ) ( keyTyped [ e ] ( move e ) ) ) ) ) ( defn board [ player ball ] ( proxy [ JPanel ActionListener KeyListener ] [ ] ( paintComponent [ g ] ( proxy - super setOpaque false ) ( proxy - super paintComponent g ) ( let [ quarter ( int (/ ( :w board - size ) 4 ) ) ] ( doto g ( .setColor Color / black ) ( . fillRect 0 0 ( :w board - size ) ( :h board - size ) ) ;; ball ( .setColor Color / white ) ( . fillOval ( :x @ball ) ( :y @ball ) ( : size @ball ) ( : size @ball ) ) ;; pads ( . fillRect ( :x ( :1 @player ) ) ( :y ( :1 @player ) ) ( :w pad-size ) ( :h pad-size ) ) ( . fillRect ( :x ( : 2 @player ) ) ( :y ( :2 @player ) ) ( :w pad-size ) ( :h pad-size ) ) ;; scores ( .set Font ( Font . " arial " Font / PLAIN 40 ) ) ( .drawString ( str ( : src ( :1 @player ) ) ) quarter 50 ) ( .drawString ( str ( : src ( : 2 @player ) ) ) (* quarter 3 ) 50 ) ;; dashed line ( .setStroke ( BasicStroke .
3 BasicStroke /CAP_BUTT BasicStroke / JOIN_BEVEL 0 ( float - array [ 12 12 ] ) 0 ) ) ( .drawLine ( int (/ ( :w board - size ) 2 ) ) 0 ( int (/ ( :w board - size ) 2 ) ) ( :h board - size ) ) ) ) ) ( actionPerformed [ e ] ( move - ball ball ) ( wall - collision ball player ) ( player - collision ball player ) ( .repaint this ) ) ) )
paintComponent just draws the board nothing too fancy , actionPerformed however contains the game logic , every 50 millisecond we move the ball , check for a wall collision , check for a player collision then repaint the game board .
All that 's needed now , is to put the game board in a frame and start it 's timer .
PORT -AU - PRINCE – Israeli doctors preparing to go home :
Israel 's field hospital in the quake - ravaged Haiti ended its operations at 4 pm local time Monday .
The hospital , set up by the IDF 's medical corps , is still home to 15 patients who are being monitored following their operations .
However , the Israeli hospital will only be receiving emergency cases during the night .
On Sunday , Israeli doctors already started bidding their patients farewell ; many of these patients have no home to return to after leaving the hospital .
314 operations ; 16 births ( Photo : IDF Spokesman 's Office )
By Tuesday morning , the last of the patients will be released and Israel 's hospital will shut down .
The IDF team in Haiti is expected to arrive back in Israel on Thursday .
The IDF 's hospital treated a total of 1,102 Haitians , performed 314 surgeries , and delivered 16 babies during its deployment .
' Exceptional performance '
On Saturday , IDF Home Front Command Chief , Major General Yair Golan , lauded the " exceptional performance " of Israel 's medical staff in Haiti .
" We can sum up by saying that we had three missions : Saving lives , providing medical services , and representing the State of Israel honorably , " Golan said .
" I think we met all three missions admirably .
Indeed , the assistance was a drop in the bucket in the face of the immense human suffering in Haiti , yet nonetheless , we are glad that we could have offered some help , considering the difficult conditions over there . "
Haiti's government said Monday that the death toll in the wake of the earthquake reached roughly 150,000 people .
According to the UN 's official count , the death toll stands at 112,250 .
Haiti's prime minister turned to donor countries Monday and asked that they offer assistance to the devastated country during what is expected to be a 10 - year rehabilitation process .
Haiti's government is currently looking into relocating about 400,000 people , who at this time are staying in about 400 camps outside the capital Port - au - Prince .
Meanwhile , local gangs are continuing the looting in the capital , while Haitians in more remote regions are trying to revert to their routine .
Residents are slowly returning to work , and more stores are reportedly reopening in the wake of the disaster .
Richard Dawkins is responding to Christians who are looking in all the wrong places for some sort of supernatural “ reason ” that the earthquake in Haiti caused so much devastation .
Obviously , Pat Robertson is n’t helping any Christian PR campaign , but neither are pastors who say “ God did this for a reason ” :
You nice , middle - of - the - road theologians and clergymen , be - frocked and bleating in your pulpits , you disclaim Pat Robertson ’s suggestion that the Haitians are paying for a pact with the devil .
But you worship a god -man who — as you tell your congregations even if you do n’t believe it yourself — ‘ cast out devils ’ .
You even believe ( or you do n’t disabuse your flock when they believe ) that Jesus cured a madman by causing the ‘ devils ’ in him to fly into a herd of pigs and stampede them over a cliff .
Charming story , well calculated to uplift and inspire the Sunday School and the Infant Bible Class .
Pat Robertson may spout evil nonsense , but he is a mere amateur at that game .
Just read your own Bible .
Pat Robertson is true to it .
But you ?
This is what Christian pastors do best .
They instill this ( false ) belief in people that awful occurrences like natural disasters do n’t just happen randomly or in certain , pre-determined parts of the world ; instead , they occur in placed where God wants to make a point .
And if you live in a Christ - filled , God-fearing area , you ’ll be spared .
People who want any sort of hope will cling to that like rope on a cliff .
It ’s a shame .
There are reasons Haiti ( or New Orleans or Southeast Asia ) was susceptible to such disasters .
We can understand this better with scientific knowledge .
Bad things happen .
Sometimes , there are no reasons for it .
Other times , there are understandable reasons .
The Haitian earthquake falls into that latter category .
There ’s no need to bring a god into the mix .
Daniel Dennett is especially frustrated by God getting a pass when disasters occur :
The idea that God is a worthy recipient of our gratitude for the blessings of life but should not be held accountable for the disasters is a transparently disingenuous innovation of the theologians .
And of course it does n’t work all that well …
All the holy texts and interpretations that contrive ways of getting around the problem read like the fine print in a fraudulent contract — and for the same reason : they are desperate attempts to conceal the implications of the double standard they have invented .
Maybe some pastors do n’t believe this characterization .
If that ’s true , then they need to be the voice of reason when members of their congregation say that God had any type of role in this tragedy , good or bad .
Otherwise , they ’re just part of the problem .
After quite a bit of experimenting with different alternatives , Meandre is moving into Scala .
Scala is a general purpose programming language designed to express common programming patterns in a concise , elegant , and type - safe way .
This is not a radical process , but a gradual one while I am starting to revisit the infrastructure for the next major release .
Scala also generates code for the JVM making mix and match trivial .
I started fuzzing around with Scala back when I started the development of Meandre during the summer of 2007 , however I did fall back to Java since that was what most of the people in the group was comfortable with .
I was fascinated with Scala fusion of object oriented programming and functional programming .
Time went by and the codebase has grown to a point that I cannot stand anymore cutting through the weeds of Java when I have to extend the infrastructure or do bug fixing — not to mention its verbosity even for writing trivial code .
This summer I decided to go on a quest to get me out of the woods .
I do not mind relying on the JVM and the large collection of libraries available , but I would also like to get my sanity back .
Yes , I tested some of the usual suspects for the JVM ( Jython , JRuby , Clojure , and Groovy ) but not quite what I wanted .
For instance , I wrote most of the Meandre infrastructure services using Jython ( much more concise than Java ) , but still not quite happy to jump on that boat .
Clojure is also interesting ( functional programming ) but it would be hard to justify for the group to move into it since not everybody may feel comfortable with a pure functional language .
I also toyed with some not - so - usual ones like Erlang and Haskell , but again , I ended up with no real argument that could justify such a decision .
So , as I started doing back in 2007 , I went back to my original idea of using Scala and its mixed object - oriented - and functional - programming - paradigm .
To test it seriously , I started developing the distributed execution engine for Meandre in Scala using its Earlang - inspired actors .
And , boom , suddenly I found myself spending more time thinking that writing / debugging threaded / networking code : D.
Yes , I regret my 2007 decision instead of running with my original intuition , but better late than never .
With a working seed of the distributed engine working and tested ( did I mention that scalacheck and specs are really powerful tools for behavior driven development ? ) , I finally decided to start gravitating the Meandre infrastructure development effort from Java to Scala - –did I mention that Scala is Martin Odersky ’s child ?
Yes , such a decision has some impact on my colleagues , but I envision that the benefits will eventually weight out the initial resistance and step learning curve .
At least , the last two group meetings nobody jumped off the window while presenting the key elements of Scala , and demonstrating how concise and elegant it made the first working seed of the distributed execution engine : D . We even got in discussions about the benefits of using Scala if it delivered everything I showed .
I am lucky to work with such smart guys .
If you want to take a peek at the distributed execution engine ( a.k.a. Snowfield ) at SEASR ’s Fisheye .
Oh , one last thing .
Are you using Atlassian ’s Fisheye ?
Do you want syntax highlighting for Scala ?
I tweaked the Java definitions to make it highlight Scala code .
Remember to drop the scala .
def file on $ FISHEYE_HOME / syntax directory add an entry on the filename .map to make it highlight anything with extension . scala .
Poo on the rug , poo in my pants ...
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
The band last played together in Abu Dhabi last week Aerosmith singer Steven Tyler has left the band , but they hope to continue with a new frontman , guitarist Joe Perry is reported as saying .
" Steven quit as far as I can tell , " Perry told the Las Vegas Sun newspaper , basing his information on an interview Tyler gave to Classic Rock magazine .
In the article , the singer said he planned to pursue a solo career , but stopped short of saying he had quit .
Perry later admitted on Twitter that he and Tyler had not spoken for months .
The frontman " has n't called me in months " , he wrote .
" Last time I phoned him he hung up on me . "
" In the meantime Aerosmith is positivly [ sic ] looking for a new singer to work with , " he added .
" You just ca n't take 40 years of experience and throw it in the bin ! " ' Sabbatical '
The band 's troubles began in August when Tyler fell off stage , breaking his left shoulder , at a gig in South Dakota .
The rest of the tour was cancelled after doctors told the singer he needed time to recuperate from his fall .
However , they regrouped last week to play a show at the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix .
The band 's hits include Dude Looks Like A Lady and Cryin '
The show was deemed a success by local media - with the Khaleej Times reporting that Tyler " dipped and dived on stage in a performance one might normally expect from a teenage boy band " .
But , Perry said , none of the band had set eyes on the frontman before the show 's opening number .
" He was off in his own dressing room , " the guitarist told Boston radio station WZLX .
" He stayed in different hotels from the band and travelled on different planes .
We never saw him until we walked on the stage . "
Tyler and Perry , dubbed the " Toxic Twins " during their early , drink - and - drug - fuelled years , wrote such classic - rock staples as Walk this Way and Love in an Elevator together .
Their musical relationship has been likened to that of their role models , Mick Jagger and Keith Richards of the Rolling Stones .
But relations have soured in recent years .
In September , Perry said he and Tyler " have n't written a song together alone in the same room in over 10 years " .
He also said Tyler had declined to record vocals for the band 's long - planned new album .
" He did n't do any singing at all for this record .
I can't really understand that , " he told WZLX .
" We had some pretty good stuff laid out .
I thought it was going to be a slam dunk , but for some reason he just was n't interested . "
But the guitarist refused to rule out an eventual reconciliation .
" As long as we 're still kicking , it 's not over , " he said .
" Maybe we 'll get a telegram from him . "
Representatives for the band were not immediately available to comment on the band 's rather public spat when contacted by the BBC .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The NRCC ’s chairman , Rep. Pete Sessions ( R - Tex . ) , took the post last fall with high fundraising hopes .
GOP cash woes threaten House bids
With the Republican Party on the cusp of major gains in the House next year — and with the dream of retaking the House appearing to be a real , if improbable , possibility — one major obstacle remains : tightfisted Republican incumbents .
The National Republican Congressional Committee , the key cog in helping to finance GOP campaigns , has banked less than a third as much money as its Democratic counterpart and is ending the year with barely enough money to fully finance a single House race — no less the dozens that will be in play come 2010 .
Advertisement
A big part of the problem , according to Republican strategists , is that GOP members themselves — the ones who stand the most to gain from large - scale House gains — have n’t chipped in accordingly , despite evidence of solid opportunities in at least 40 districts next year and with as many as 80 seats in play , according to the Cook Political Report ’s estimates .
In the past three months , only 75 of 177 Republicans — most of whom represent safe districts — transferred money into the committee , netting it $ 2.1 million .
The average donation was just $ 28,000 , with only 11 members donating $ 50,000 or more during that time period .
During that same time period , the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee has netted nearly $ 4 million from 90 of its members — with 35 House Democrats chipping in at least $ 50,000 .
Republicans are already expressing concerns that they may not have enough resources to fully take advantage of the political climate , which is shaping to be the most favorable for the GOP since the last time they took control of the House in 1994 .
“ We have the recruits to get this back , but we do n’t know if we have the resources .
We need every one of [ our members ] pulling at the oars right now , ” NRCC executive director Guy Harrison told POLITICO .
The NRCC ’s chairman , Rep. Pete Sessions ( R - Tex . ) , took the post last fall with high fundraising hopes , combining his own Texas money connections with a climate of rising anticipation in the conservative grass - roots .
The environment has grown even more encouraging throughout the year , with a wave of swing district Democrats announcing their retirement .
Most recently , House Republicans scored a major coup in persuading freshman Democratic Rep. Parker Griffith to switch parties .
But that has n’t yet translated into a financial windfall for the GOP , and in November the committee posted its worst monthly fundraising number since April — even at a time when all political indicators suggest the momentum is on the Republican side .
The fundraising disparity between the two committees is striking :
The DCCC outraised the NRCC this year by more than $ 18 million , according to FEC figures at the end of November .
The NRCC has only $ 4.3 million left in its campaign account — with more than $ 2 million in debt — leaving it with just a pittance to fund the dozens of races it hopes to aggressively contest .
The DCCC , meanwhile , is sitting on a $ 15.3 million nest egg ( with $ 2.6 million owed ) , steadily expanding its cash - on - hand advantage over Republicans throughout the year .
The money disparity is so conspicuous that it ’s become part of the Democrats ’ messaging as to why they ’ll be able to hold onto their majority .
Earlier this month , Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee Chairman Rep. Chris Van Hollen of Maryland pointed to the NRCC ’s anemic fundraising as a reason he doubted that the GOP would be able to make large - scale gains in next year ’s midterms .
Van Hollen estimated that , if the NRCC spent money in just 40 House races , it would only have about $ 100,000 to spend in each one — chump change given the cost of modern campaigns , particularly in major - market districts .
“ We are consistently talking to our members about the opportunity , and we ’ve got to make sure they understand that .
We ’re getting outraised by their members , but I do n’t think that will last long term , ” Harrison said .
Harrison pointed to the diminished number of Republicans , to a tradition of late - breaking contributions from members and to the difficulties of learning to fund raise while out of power .
Other Republicans see a psychological barrier in a minority that has been under siege since 2006 .
“ Republicans have been through two cycles of psychological shell - shock .
Their members ’ first instinct is self - preservation , first and foremost , ” said Republican consultant Phil Musser .
“ The fundraising environment for members in the minority is n’t what it is for members in the majority .
It ’s damn hard to raise the dough . ”
Rep. Kevin McCarthy ( R - Calif. ) , the NRCC ’s recruitment chairman , said he expects member transfers to grow in the upcoming months as Republicans feel more confident of their own individual standing and realize the real prospects of retaking the majority .
“ We ’re together , we ’re excited , we see the possibilities . …
We have to do a better job [ fundraising ] , but the time frame right now is that you have to recruit the candidates first , ” McCarthy said .
“ You ’re going to find the money will soon be growing once members get past the primaries , when they ’ll be able to give more .
When members are on defense , they ’re trying to keep as much money as they can to protect themselves . ”
The NRCC was also hurt financially during last month ’s special election in upstate New York .
in which the committee endorsed and spent money on a moderate nominee , Dede Scozzafava , who quickly drew the ire of the conservative grass - roots .
The committee spent nearly $ 1 million on the race , but more worrisome , lost support from many of the small - donor conservatives who have traditionally been a significant element of the committee ’s fundraising efforts .
The leading conservative blog RedState called for a fundraising boycott against the NRCC in light of its efforts for Scozzafava .
Harrison acknowledges that nearly every one of the party ’s challengers will be outspent next year , and he has been training recruits to run lean and effective underdog campaigns .
But he also noted that Republicans were greatly outspent in nearly every race in the wave year of 1994 but still managed to pick up 52 seats .
“ We ’ve got to get back down to the simple blocking - and - tackling of campaigns .
There is no one silver bullet .
[ Republicans ] got to a point in the majority where they believed in the silver bullet — you outspend the other side .
That ’s not a typical Republican race , ” said Harrison .
“ You go back to 1994 , we got outspent in all of them .
We have to have campaigns to understand how to do that and operatives and candidates who understand how to live off the land , ” he said .
Harrison , a combative 6 - foot 4 - inch former college offensive lineman , is spending his first election cycle at the NRCC after serving as the chief of staff of the new chairman , Texas Rep. Pete Sessions .
Both men learned the lesson of 1994 firsthand : Sessions ran and lost narrowly in a little - noticed 1994 race in Dallas .
The incumbent , a conservative Democrat , retired in 1996 , and Sessions took the seat .
“ They were in a race nobody thought they could win , ” said Brad Todd , a longtime Sessions adviser and now a key consultant to the NRCC .
Sessions and Harrison , then fresh off the Dartmouth College football team , “ drove around in a truck of manure [ with a sign saying ]
‘ Congress stinks worse than that truck . ’ ”
The committee is now scrambling to prepare for another wave , and early money is just part of that .
Another element is capturing the energy of the loosely - organized new populist conservative grass - roots , where Harrison sees another parallel with 1994 .
“ We love the tea party movement , ” Harrison declared .
“ We know the tea party movement is a group of people that Republicans are going to have to actively work with them and get them involved in their campaigns , and we have to have an agenda that brings them to our side . ”
“ Go back to ’92 and look at the Perot voter , ” he said .
“ It ’s not that much different . ”
Since the New York special election , the committee has been careful not to alienate the insurgents .
Its “ Young Guns ” training program , Harrison stressed , is open to multiple candidates in the same district to counter the feeling from some candidates “ that somehow [ the program ] was getting involved in primaries . ”
The committee is taking its lead , Harrison and Todd said , from an unlikely source : Rahm Emanuel ’s success in retaking the House for the Democrats in 2006 .
Like Sessions , the former Chicago congressman inherited a committee that had long lagged behind its counterpart in fundraising .
But Emanuel started 2006 with more than $ 15 million in the DCCC campaign coffers — more than three times what Sessions starts with 2010 .
“ At the end of the day , we do n’t need as much money as the Democrats to win the majority , ” said McCarthy .
“ They have to defend going in a direction America does n’t want to go .
…
They need more money because they have to defend something the American people do n’t want . ”
11 SHARES Share Tweet
Listen to this article through Instaread here :
In a very real sense I find that creativity in humans is just as important as our need for air .
What we express through our art ( whatever it may be ) can give us a sense of self - worth and purpose .
Without pursuing these creative endeavors , we risk living a meaningless existence , one which is sure to deeply affect our happiness and well - being .
In this post , I set out to describe what I feel are the greatest benefits of exercising creativity .
How do they appeal to our interests and how do they build character ?
In the second half of this post I will describe different ways we can be artistic , even when we have limited skills in the artistic domain .
By the end of this post I want readers , both artists and non-artists , to walk away with an affirmed belief that creativity is something inherent in all of man ; similarly , it is something that we must all integrate into our lifestyles .
“ The key question is n’t ‘ What fosters creativity ? ’
But it is why in God ’s name is n’t everyone creative ?
Where was the human potential lost ?
How was it crippled ?
I think therefore a good question might be not why do people create ?
But why do people not create ? ”
– Abraham Maslow , American psychologist
I ca n’t answer Maslow ’s question because I find it hard to fathom why an individual would intentionally avoid pursuing an art .
However , some people may feel that they are just not creative , maybe they believe you have to be born with it so – because of this – they ignore opportunities to express themselves creatively .
But the benefits of being creative far outweigh a life without expression .
In fact , being creative can also benefit our lives in ways we may not have initially thought , by helping us deal with conflicts and build self - worth .
Expressing your ideas
One of the most obvious advantages of being creative is that it gives us a chance to express our ideas .
Through our production of art , we literally turn our feelings and ideas into reality .
Upon completing a creative work we feel more understood , perhaps even as if a weight has been lifted off of our shoulders .
There are some things that go beyond words and art gives us a modality to express those facets of reality .
Resolving deep conflicts
Sometimes we go through events in life that can cause conflict that never seems to go away .
Maybe its a past relationship you ca n’t seem to get over or a traumatic event that still haunts you .
Art gives us a way to let go of these experiences .
It allows us to fulfill a hunger that can no longer be satisfied by external conditions , so we must transform ourselves from the inside .
Creativity is the alchemy that guides us toward reconciliation with our past .
I have looked into this in such articles as , “ Art Therapy And Mental Illness , ” where I report on how art therapy is used to treat those with Post - Traumatic Stress Disorder and other psychological impairments .
Facing fears of failure
Of all the things that hold us back from doing the things we want , fear of failure is one of the most detrimental obstacles to overcome .
We learn from our mistakes , yet we are deathly afraid to make any .
Maybe we are worried that we will find out something about ourselves that we do n’t want to know ?
Whatever the reason , creative endeavors give us an opportunity to achieve something .
And even if our first song or first painting is n’t as spectacular as we first dreamed it to be , the accomplishment itself often gives us a sense of pride and motivation .
It tells us to push ourselves forward in other aspects of life .
And at the same time it gives us a memory , a mental resource , to draw upon when we face other fears in the future .
Building self - worth
When we face our fears , and we accomplish something that we set out to do , even if we do n’t do it all that well because it is something new to us , we begin to feel better about ourselves .
We produced something ; we have added value to the world , and this fact reflects the value we perceive in our own self .
This is the same principle I have touched upon in articles like , “ From Self To World Improvement . ”
Seeing the world differently
What is creativity ?
How do we know when something is creative ?
Often we may say something is creative when it gets us to perceive or think about something in a way we never have before .
Sometimes these new ways of seeing can disturb us .
Other times they inspire us .
Being able to see things from a different perspective requires flexibility .
It is a skill that can be developed through mediums of art , and even business , engineering , and science .
If we can step out of our normal way of seeing things we can obtain a greater depth of understanding regarding a particular theme or subject .
With practice , this flexibility can translate into better decision making and problem solving – abilities that can make rippling changes throughout any area of our life .
“ Creativity is a lot like looking at the world through a kaleidoscope .
You look at a set of elements , the same ones everyone else sees , but then reassemble those floating bits and pieces into an enticing new possibility . ”
– Rosabeth Moss Kanter , tenured professor at Harvard Business School
Creativity that give us immediate gratification
When I use the term “ immediate gratification , ” I do not mean that one can just pick up a SLR camera and become a professional photographer overnight .
Absolutely not .
All creative endeavors take work and dedication in order to reach a certain level of proficiency .
However , some mediums we can enjoy more quickly than others .
Not everyone can pick up an acoustic guitar and write a riff they are happy with , but many people can spend an afternoon shooting pictures and walk away with a couple to “ feel good ” about .
Photography
As I mentioned in my opening statements to this section , photography is a fairly easy art to get acquainted with .
Several years ago , when I got my first camera for my 17th birthday , I was able to walk around my college campus ’ nature preserve and take pictures of all the wildlife .
After that short hour I already felt a sense of accomplishment at some of these things I had caught on film .
Now , perhaps I just have an “ eye for photography , ” but I have seen this in others too , and therefore I think photography is one of the easier arts to begin expressing creativity in .
I would recommend anyone to give it a try and see the results .
Also , it is always fun to edit these photos on the computer – which adds a whole new aspect to the creative process of photography and image editing – GIMP is one great piece of freeware that I recommend , it shares many of the same features as industry standards like Adobe Photoshop .
Dancing
Dancing is another easy one to get into .
You do n’t even have to be very good at it , but if you really allow yourself to get immersed in the music you will feel satisfied with your efforts .
I am weary about dancing around others , but I dance by myself all the time .
It is kind of cool to do it all alone because you can choose whatever music best suits you and you can be as innovative and wacky as you want .
On top of this , you are also getting a workout , which is sure to release endorphins to make you feel that much better .
Even if you are one of those people who thinks you “ hate dancing , ” I firmly recommend that you give it a shot and let yourself go .
I used to be one of you guys too , but now I see dancing as one of the most fun , free , and rewarding activities I could spend time doing .
Writing poetry
I ’ll never forget the first time I was swept away by love .
I did n’t know what to do with my feelings , and poetry became my first medium of expression .
Not everyone is good at writing , at the time I was young and had a limited vocabulary , but poetry is great because your writings can be short and simple yet still very effective .
If you can think of just one good metaphor you can use it as basis for your whole work .
Sometimes even being blunt with your language can deliver a strong message .
Poetry is less about deliberate work and more about choosing the right words that resonate with you .
Other rewarding activites
As I have mentioned , the first three activities listed above were ones that I find easy to start ( although hard to master ) .
These next few require more practice before you can just dive right into creating something .
This does n’t mean you ca n’t get that “ immediate gratification ” after the first time you pick up a guitar , you probably can , but you probably wo n’t be writing a hit single without first building up those calluses on your fingers .
Learn how to sing or play an instrument
I am willing to bet that everyone at some point in their life has had the desire to learn an instrument , maybe even become the latest rock star .
Playing music is fun .
As Nietzsche once famously said , “ Without music , life would be a mistake . ”
Music has a way to open up the human heart through its rhythm , melody , and lyrics .
By learning how to sing or play an instrument we can have a more participatory role in the music process .
It is even more fun when we know friends to jam with .
Find an instrument you have always wanted to play , maybe the piano , bass , or trumpet .
Then , look for ways to teach yourself .
There are plenty of resources online to get you acquainted with the basics of music , particularly MusicTheory .net .
You could also take lessons from friends or family who may already have proficiency in a particular instrument .
If you have the money , I highly recommend investing in some music lessons , especially if you are serious about getting good .
Other than that , practice and have fun with it ; some of the best musicians of our time have never taken a professional class in music .
Practice painting
For those of us who may not be good with words or who are n’t the most auditory - inclined of individuals , exploring the visual modality through painting is a great method of expression to try .
Like with music , painting takes a bit of a commitment both financially and with our time and effort .
However , with practice this endeavor can be extraordinary rewarding .
You can experiment with painting real - life scenarios or you can even dive into something more abstract .
Imagine being able to display one of your works in your home and having people ask you questions about it .
Make a short film
One of the first creative endeavors I have ever embarked on was when I was a young teen and I would borrow my Mom ’s video camera .
I used to write up little stories and then recruit other kids from around my neighborhood to help me film them .
I still remember some of the first films I ever recorded , like my first comedy “ No Sense Makes Sense ” and my first thriller / action movie “ Special Delivery . ”
A couple years ago I did something similar and recruited a bunch of my high school classmates to film a big zombie scene at a local park .
Unfortunately , I never got to editing it and showing it to others ( I may still have the footage somewhere ) .
Today with our technology , along with websites like Youtube and Vimeo , it is fairly simple to record short films and share them with millions across the globe .
Some people even strike a bit of fame on the internet and end up getting professional movie roles and TV shows .
Whatever your motives , this is one opportunity that can be incredibly fun .
I definitely recommend getting some friends to help you out as well .
You do n’t have to limit yourself to any one of these .
As you can tell , I have dabbled in all of these throughout my past ( except painting ) , and I still want to re-visit a lot of these in the future .
Even if the things you create do n’t ever reach a professional level , the benefits that come from pursuing the arts are as limitless as your imagination .
Creativity helps build healthy intrapersonal and interpersonal relationships .
So whether you are a business man , an athlete , a doctor , or a retiree , make sure that this is one area of your life that you frequently evoke .
Stay updated on new articles and resources in psychology and self improvement :
The changing face of the Old Dominion can be seen in the stuff Jimmy Cirrito sweeps up off the floor of his bar every night .
It used to be cigarette butts -- now it ’s gum .
“ I got Nicorette and Bubblicious and green and yellow and purple .
It looks like a circus down there , ” said Cirrito , owner of Jimmy ’s Old Town Tavern in the northern Virginia suburb of Herndon , where patrons once smoked so much they burned holes in the curtains .
Now they chew to fight the urge .
It ’s been one month since Virginia became the first Southern state to ban smoking in bars and restaurants .
For about 400 years , that was an unthinkable proposition .
George Washington grew tobacco at Mount Vernon .
Marlboro - making Philip Morris USA is headquartered in Richmond .
But the same demographic shift that helped Virginia pull off another unlikely feat -- supporting Barack Obama for president -- has fueled a smoking ban in the state where the tobacco industry was practically born .
A more moderate , college - educated batch of newcomers is changing the cultural landscape here and across the South .
In North Carolina , the king of tobacco producers , a similar law took effect Saturday .
Advertisement
“ They are people who go to white - tablecloth restaurants , not barbecue joints .
They do n’t want their kids to smoke , they do n’t smoke , and they are not tied to the tobacco economy , ” said Ferrel Guillory of the Center for the Study of the American South at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill .
Now Virginia hovers at that odd intersection between what was and what will be .
The “ golden leaf , ” as it is affectionately known , still flourishes in the red soil of a few farms .
But Virginia counts itself among 29 states and the District of Columbia to restrict smoking in just about any public place where people eat or drink .
Private clubs and separately ventilated smoking rooms are exempt .
This did not occur without a fight .
Gov. Tim Kaine was pushed back more than once in his quest for a more smoke - free Virginia .
The tobacco , restaurant and hospitality industries rose up .
Businesses would suffer , they cried .
Owners should decide how to run their restaurants , they protested .
Cirrito was among them .
“ This is America , and we ’re supposed to have freedom , ” he said .
But as he closed out his December books , Cirrito had to admit the law has its good points .
Advertisement
His business , a tavern and restaurant in a historic , crooked building , was booked solid for New Year ’s Eve .
Food sales are up .
He added extra shifts in the dining room , which means more money for his wait staff , most of whom were thrilled to work in cleaner air .
“ We can smell things in the bar now we never smelled before , ” he rejoiced .
Smoking was banned on a Tuesday , and on Friday there was a line of families out the door , waiting for a dinner table .
“ They did n’t come before because they could see the smoke in the bar or were allergic to it or had to walk through it to get to the bathroom , ” said Cirrito , who ’s a nonsmoker but never begrudged his customers the pleasure .
To his surprise , a lot of the chain - smoking regulars came too , lighting up outside in the cold , chewing gum between smokes and , in the end , smoking less .
Advertisement
“ I ’m sticking by my guns ; it should be the owner ’s choice .
But I have to say it ’s nothing but a good thing .
It ’s fantastic .
I can breathe .
We can all breathe again , ” Cirrito said .
“ People who were smoking two packs are smoking one . ”
This turnabout astounds people like Julian and Edwina Covington , who never envisioned the day Virginia would snub its cash crop .
His family ran a tobacco farm -- “ tabacc-ah , ” they call it -- for five generations just west of Richmond until the government subsidies stopped and he had to retire .
Neither of the Covingtons smokes the stuff ; they just love to grow it .
It ’s as much a part of Virginia lore as Jamestown and Pocahontas .
This was a struggling colony until John Rolfe introduced a tobacco variety around 1614 that set off a trade boom with Europe .
By the American Revolution , Virginia was rich and powerful .
Yet even then , the soil - leaching crop was the subject of controversy .
Thomas Jefferson pronounced it “ infinitely wretched ” and grew grains instead at Monticello .
Advertisement
But when Virginia stood in ruins after the Civil War , tobacco helped lift it back to glory .
By the mid-20th century , 1 in 15 workers in Richmond were employed by cigarette makers .
Now Julian Covington , 65 , who was pinching the heads off worms in the fields when he was 6 , is left to stick a few plants in his garden every summer just for fun .
He loves tobacco so much , he wrote a little book about it .
“ You would n’t believe , ” he says , searching for words to describe how much he misses getting up before the sun to tend the dark - fired leaves , big as elephant ears .
“ Lord , that would be something , ” he said , imagining a day when tobacco might reign again .
Not likely .
On Dec. 1 , the day the ban kicked in , Cirritos gathered up all the ashtrays in his bar , autographed them and sold them as souvenirs for $ 3 apiece .
He donated the money to the American Cancer Society .
Advertisement
faye.fiore@latimes.com
" TOO OLD ! " the ursid shouted as his new feline companion shrugged with indifference through her preparations for the coming zombie apocalypse .
My awesome Secret Santa ultimatenerd got me a copy of Max Brooks ' Zombie Survival Guide - a book I came this close to buying myself for Christmas , but fortunately never did !
Also , the best friend a child could never want : " Nice pretty running bear for hugs you tender places or locations . "
In addition , a rather interesting December edition of the New Times Broward - Palm Beach paper .
Definitely some cosmopolitan reading for the toilet :)
Thanks , Secret Santa !
I can honestly say your gift put a huge smile on my face and filled me to the brim with lulz .
From WikiLeaks
Donate to WikiLeaks
Unless otherwise specified , the document described here : Was first publicly revealed by WikiLeaks working with our source .
Was classified , confidential , censored or otherwise withheld from the public before release .
Is of political , diplomatic , ethical or historical significance .
Any questions about this document 's veracity are noted .
The summary is approved by the editorial board .
See here for a detailed explanation of the information on this page .
If you have similar or updated material , see our submission instructions .
Contact us Press inquiries Follow updates
Release date December 12 , 2009
Summary
This file contains a deleted BBC news article on the toxic - waste dumping of commodities giant Trafigura .
According to a September 2009 UN report , the dumping drove 108,000 people in the Ivory Coast to seek medical attention .
Trafigura and their lawyers Carter - Ruck had been pursuing an ongoing libel case against the BBC over a news story from on the case that aired in May 2009 [ 1 ] .
In the story " Dirty Tricks and Toxic Waste in the Ivory Coast " , the BBC's Newsnight programme stated : " It is the biggest toxic dumping scandal of the 21st century , the type of environmental vandalism that international treaties are supposed to prevent .
Now Newsnight can reveal the truth about the waste that was illegally tipped on Ivory Coast 's biggest city , Abidjan " .
The programme alleged that a number of deaths had been caused by the dumping of this toxic waste , which had originated with Trafigura .
Until this week the story was still available on the BBC website . [ 2 ]
The link stopped working some time on December 10th or 11th , but at the time of writing the Google cache is still available [ 3 ] .
Dirty tricks and toxic waste in Ivory Coast
By Meirion Jones and Liz MacKean BBC Newsnight
It is the biggest toxic dumping scandal of the 21st century , the type of environmental vandalism that international treaties are supposed to prevent .
Now Newsnight can reveal the truth about the waste that was illegally tipped on Ivory Coast 's biggest city , Abidjan .
A giant multinational is being sued in London 's High Court by thousands of Africans who claim they were injured as a result .
The truth behind Ivory Coast toxic waste dump
Our investigation took us to Amsterdam where the waste could have been safely disposed of .
Instead the company , Trafigura , went for the cheaper option and offloaded it in Abidjan .
Trafigura has always denied that the chemical waste was dangerous , but we have seen an analysis by the Dutch authorities which reveal it to be lethal .
We consulted a leading toxicologist , John Hoskins from the Royal Society of Chemistry .
He said it would bring a major city to its knees .
The waste includes tons of phenols which can cause death by contact , tons of hydrogen sulphide , lethal if inhaled in high concentrations , and vast quantities of corrosive caustic soda and mercaptans which John Hoskins describes as " the most odorous compounds ever produced " .
A terrible smell
It happened on 19 August 2006 in the dead of night .
A convoy of trucks from a newly - formed company in Abidjan arrived to take the waste away .
They illegally dumped the first loads at the huge tip in Aquedo .
Watch Newsnight 's 2007 investigation into claims toxic waste was dumped in Ivory Coast
A powerful stench soon engulfed the area .
The tip 's operators were called out and the drivers sent packing .
They looked elsewhere to drop the waste , tipping it in at least 18 places across the city and beyond .
The Aquedo tip stretches as far as the eye can see .
As scores of waste trucks tip their loads , an army of Abidjanis cluster around , children amongst them , brandishing long metal spikes .
They pick through the rubbish , looking for anything that can be sold .
Deaths
We were soon surrounded by people , only too willing to talk about the night the toxic waste was dumped and the terrible smell that made them gag and sicken .
There were women who miscarried , and that was very painful .
But still , the worst was that three people , two adults and a girl were killed by the toxic wastes .
That was very hard Esaie Modto , head of Djibli village
Just round the corner from the dump , we met Jean Francois Kouadio and his wife , Fidel .
She had been eight months pregnant with their first child when the fumes swamped their home .
Fidel gave birth prematurely and the boy , Jean Claude , died within a day .
Their second child Ama Grace was born a year later .
She too fell ill .
The doctors said that Ama Grace " was suffering from acute glycaemia caused by the toxic wastes " .
They could do nothing for her and she died .
The medical reports state a " strong presumption " that the deaths of the two children were caused by exposure to the toxic waste and Jean Francois and Fidel now fear they will never become parents .
Polluted water
We also visited the village of Djibi , just outside Abidjan .
The waste that was tipped here got into the water supply , killing the fish that fed the village .
A woman whose face is covered in lesions in Abidjan ( September 2008 )
Thousands of people say they were victims of the waste
The head of Djibi , Esaie Modto , told us that every last person here fell ill , two thousand people :
" There were women who miscarried , and that was very painful .
But still , the worst was that three people , two adults and a girl were killed by the toxic wastes .
That was very hard . "
So what was it that brought such ruin on a country that in 2006 was still struggling to recover from a civil war ?
The waste was generated as the result of an oil deal spanning three continents .
Trafigura bought a consignment of cheap and dirty heavy oil with a high sulphur content .
Instead of putting it through a refinery , Trafigura tried to clean it up , using a do - it - yourself method , so they could sell it on at a massive profit .
They used a ship called the Probo Koala which they stationed off Gibraltar as a rough and ready refinery .
Caustic soda and a catalyst were added to the oil which reacted with the sulphur and settled to the bottom of the tank .
Trafigura were then able to sell the oil , but left with a toxic sludge at the bottom of the tank .
" Smelly but not dangerous "
The Probo Koala went to Amsterdam where they attempted to unload this sulphurous tar as if it were normal ships ' waste , which would have cost a few thousand euros .
Watch the 2007 Newsnight interview with Eric de Turckheim , co-founder of Trafigura
However the fumes were so bad , the emergency services were called and the Dutch authorities carried out tests .
They discovered the waste was highly toxic and told Trafigura that it would cost half a million euros to dispose of safely .
The Probo Koala instead pumped the waste back on board and left port , ending up in West Africa .
Marietta Harjono of Greenpeace Nederland says this has led to a prosecution by the Dutch authorities for " falsification of papers - they deliberately were silent on the toxic nature of the waste " , as well as for illegal import of toxic waste and " illegal export of toxic waste from Europe to Cote d'Ivoire " .
When Newsnight first investigated the toxic dumping scandal in 2007 one of Trafigura 's founders Eric de Turckheim told Jeremy Paxman " these materials were not dangerous for human beings .
It was smelly , but not dangerous . "
Newsnight 's new investigation shows this was far from the case .
Trafigura continues to deny any wrongdoing .
See also : Updated secret gag on UK Times preventing publication of Minton report into toxic waste dumping , 16 Oct 2009
Download
Further information
458184
Zip archive data , at least v2.0 to extract
SHA256 0cfd19471e7a2a0166503d00bc1d0b2a84ac161b1b3b089dc68b5055715760b3
As we begin to gain some distance from the tragedy at Ft. Hood and take a tour of media and blog responses , three things become apparent .
First , our military is clearly ignoring its mental health needs ; second , many groundlessly assume that religion must have played a role in the massacre ; and third , ill - conceived rhetoric can infect our military culture , with potentially disturbing results .
Mental Health Breakdown
As others have noted , on - base attacks are increasingly common , due in part to the insufficient attention given to the mental health needs of the military .
Multiple tours of duty , living under constant fire , and the fear of serving under these conditions , all contribute to mental instability .
They , in turn , inhibit recruiting , reduce the overall quality of recruits , and even effect the readiness of the armed forces in general .
In a recent New York Times story on the topic , Army chief of staff Gen. George Casey said :
“ We ’ve also worked very , very hard to enhance what we ’re doing to — for the mental fitness of the force , ” he said on Meet the Press .
He cited a “ stigma reduction program ” started in 2007 that “ resulted in about a 40 percent increase in soldiers willing to come forward saying they have some symptoms of post - traumatic stress . ”
He said that last year the suicide rate exceeded the civilian rate for the first time and as a result the Army is spending $ 5 million to have the National Institute of Health study the problem .
More recently , he said , the Army has started a program called Comprehensive Soldier Fitness designed to give soldiers skills “ to build the resilience to deal with some of the challenges that they ’re facing . ”
Although Maj . Nidal Hasan never served in a conflict zone , he apparently did have mental health issues .
The New York Times has a lengthy piece on the psychological cost on health care providers , noting that :
Providing care has its own risks .
In studies of therapists working to soothe mental distress in victims of violence , whether criminal , sexual or combat - related , researchers have documented what is called secondary trauma : contact distress , of a kind .
In one 2004 study of social workers on cases stemming from the Sept. 11 attacks , researchers found that the more deeply therapists were involved with victims , the more likely they were to experience such trauma .
The same associations have been found in doctors working with survivors in war zones .
Still , “ mental health evaluations of therapists themselves were virtually nonexistent . ”
This lack of support for caregivers stresses an already fragile system .
These professionals “ describe crushing schedules with 10 or more patients a day , most struggling with devastating trauma or mutilated bodies that are the product of war and the highly advanced care that kept them alive . ”
Islam Responsible ?
Even with all this background information readily available and a call from Sen.
John Cornyn ( R - TX ) “ that we take the time to gather all the facts , as it would be irresponsible to be the source of rumors or inaccurate information regarding such a horrific event , ” Maj .
Hasan ’s religion immediately became a dominant part of the narrative .
Over at The Atlantic , Andrew Sullivan writes that :
I did not leap to that conclusion in this case as the primary reason for the attack because we did n’t fully know the entire picture — and still do n’t .
But as the pieces fall into place , it seems increasingly clear that Nidal Hasan ’s faith — and the conflicts it presented in the context of the war on Islamist terror — was absolutely relevant in this horrifying massacre of service members .
Sullivan essentially makes two points : 1 ) We do not know everything about Hasan , but 2 ) it is becoming clear he did this because of his faith .
I fail to understand how , at this point , we can argue both that we need more information , but that it is “ increasingly clear ” that his faith is a meaningful issue .
It ’s quite possible that Hasan is mentally ill and chose to use Islam to express that illness the way a Christian may believe he ’s hearing the voice of Jesus .
In both cases they are turning to comfortable cultural idioms to express the confusion in their heads .
No one holds Jodie Foster responsible for the violence of John Hinckley , Jr .
Also in The Atlantic , Jeffrey Goldberg writes :
I do think that elite makers of opinion in this country try very hard to ignore the larger meaning of violent acts when they happen to be perpetrated by Muslims .
Here ’s a simple test :
If Nidal Malik Hasan had been a devout Christian with pronounced anti-abortion views , and had he attacked , say , a Planned Parenthood office , would his religion have been considered relevant as we tried to understand the motivation and meaning of the attack ?
Of course .
While Hasan appears to be a Muslim he ’s also a graduate of Virginia Tech , site of the deadliest peacetime attack on America by a single gunman .
Since an equal number of Virginia Tech students and American - born Muslims have gone on killing sprees , Goldberg should clearly be asking to investigate Virginia Tech ’s mental health support structures .
Or perhaps , using Goldberg ’s logic , we should investigate whether East Asian men have a propensity to mass murder , given the ethnicity both of the Virginia Tech and Binghamton shooters .
Fortunately , one of Sullivan ’s readers injects some sanity into the whole conversation :
The reason elite opinion makers are reticent to too strongly overplay the religion card with Nidal Hasan , in a way they maybe were n’t as reticent to do with George Tiller , is because Islam is a minority faith and many of its practitioners might well be subject to retaliatory violence in the wake of Fort Hood .
To “ apply the same standard of inquiry and criticism to all religions ” omits the important fact that there are a great many people in this country who would NOT apply the same standard to Hasan as they applied to George Tiller .
They might say that Tiller was a bad apple in an otherwise good faith , while simultaneously saying Hasan is the apple that proves the badness of the whole batch .
To pretend otherwise is obvious and repugnant sophistry .
Zeenat Rehman makes a more direct observation about this sort of overdetermination in the Chicago Tribune :
Like a bad recurring nightmare , we heard of another incident .
A disgruntled office worker in Orlando , Jason S. Rodriguez , went on a shooting spree in the offices he was laid off from two years ago .
In the days and weeks to follow , there will be much speculation and dissection of the motives and lives of these two deeply troubled individuals , but I suspect that they will play out in very different ways .
When we discuss Jason , will we ask if he was motivated by his faith ?
Will we expect every Latino organization to denounce the acts of this lone individual simply because he is Latino ?
Will we claim that all Latinos are violent and that his actions simply affirm this fact ?
Of course not .
If we did , we would be called racist , bigots , and many other things .
But it need not be a solely speculative exercise .
Virginia Tech shooter Seung Hui - Cho , in some materials sent to NBC , wrote : “ I die like Jesus Christ . ”
And while there was no serious speculation on the Christian causes of his actions , some bloggers even attempted to connect that massacre to Islam as well .
Health of the Military
This sort of exaggeration of religious identification , absent any facts , can have real world consequences on our military .
Outside observers must be careful not to do anything that can further damage unit cohesion .
We trust the military to protect us and we need to trust them that they know best how to preserve order in their ranks .
I do not advocate the military being given carte blanche — we are a civilian democracy — but we also need to recognize that military culture is distinct from civilian culture .
Language and rhetoric that we use in the political sphere , especially language that is hateful and divisive , is generally not acceptable in a military context .
It would be very easy to make assumptions about Major Nidal Hasan , what he represents , and why the military should not trust people like him .
Of course , there are so many ways to define him , that essentially we are saying to the military personnel “ do not trust the person next to you . ”
That very statement turns brother against brother and undermines the basis of an all - volunteer army .
We know that this is not a matter of faith .
Former Secretary of State Colin Powell , a four - star general , spoke eloquently about the sacrifice of Corporal Kareem Rashad Sultan Khan , who is representative of the nearly 4,000 active service Muslims in the Armed Forces and the dozens who have given their lives in service to this country .
General Casey is deeply concerned about this misrepresentation :
“ I ’ve asked our Army leaders to be on the lookout for that [ backlash against Muslim service members ] , ” General Casey said in an interview on CNN ’s State of the Union .
“ It would be a shame — as great a tragedy as this was — it would be a shame if our diversity became a casualty as well . ” …
“ A diverse Army gives us strength , ” General Casey , who visited Fort Hood Friday , said on This Week . …
“ The speculation [ about Hasan ’s motives ] could heighten the backlash , ” he said on This Week .
“ What happened at Fort Hood is a tragedy and I believe it would be a greater tragedy if diversity became a casualty here . ” … Sen. [ Lindsey ] Graham [ R – SC ] said .
“ At the end of the day , maybe this is just about him .
It ’s certainly not about his religion , Islam . ”
He added : “ To those members of the United States military who are Muslims , thank you for protecting our nation , thank you for standing up against the people who are trying to hijack your religion . ”
Both Gen. Casey and Sen. Graham seem to be aware of a tradition of service of Muslim Americans that dates back to at least World War I , and based on the number of slaves who were Muslim , it would not be surprising to find Muslims fighting to preserve the Union .
According to Capt . Eric Rahman , recipient of the Bronze Star for his service in Iraq , too many people forget the example of Petty Officer Michael A. Mansoor , a SEAL who won the Medal of Honor after rescuing members of his unit from a firefight in Iraq in 2006 .
By recognizing and participating in the richness of America ’s diversity , both men understand the threat that unchecked speculation and generalizations can cause .
Speaking to the argument that fear of profiling is what allowed Hasan to go undetected in the first place , Marc Lynch ( aka “ Abu Aardvark ” ) believes this is not a question of “ political correctness , ” but of preserving what values define us as a nation and a people .
On the Foreign Policy Web site , he writes :
This framing of the issue is almost 100 % wrong .
There is a connection between what these critics are calling “ political correctness ” and national security , but it runs in the opposite direction .
The real linkage is that there is a strong security imperative to prevent the consolidation of a narrative in which America is engaged in a clash of civilizations with Islam , and instead to nurture a narrative in which al - Qaeda and its affiliates represent a marginal fringe to be jointly combatted .
Fortunately , American leaders — from the Obama administration through General George Casey and top counterterrorism officials — understand this and have been acting appropriately .
Muslim - American Responses
It seems as though the Muslim - American community is clear about this point as well ; they are part of the American security situation .
There very well may be a backlash , but Muslim - Americans are not going to allow themselves to be cast as “ not quite Americans . ”
They are apparently more confident , and even if others see them as outsiders , they are more worried about creating a better America .
They believe they are better than what Maj .
Hasan represents :
Among those attending Friday prayers at the Killeen mosque was Sgt. Fahad Kamal , 26 , an Army medic who wore his Airborne uniform , and later he said he was angered on several levels .
“ I want to believe it was the individual , and not the religion , that made him do what he did , ” said Sergeant Kamal , who returned to the United States last year after a 15 - month tour in Afghanistan .
“ It ’s an awful thing .
I feel let down .
We ’re better than this . ”
Omar Ahmad , a member of the San Carlos City Council , writes that :
Criminal acts involving murder are forbidden explicitly [ in Islamic traditions ] .
As a community leader , and as a Muslim , I condemn these acts …
Like other faith groups , Muslims are looking for ways to raise families and live the American dream .
Today , the American Muslim community feels like all Americans do : outraged , betrayed , and demanding justice be served quickly .
Zeenat Rahman is even more personal :
I went to the mosque today , to observe the ritual Friday prayer .
I prayed for the souls of the victims and for their families , not because the alleged perpetrator is Muslim , but because as a Muslim , that is what my religion teaches me to do .
Shahed Amanullah , on the other hand , is more angry :
Oh , the overwhelming feeling I ’m hearing is anger .
I mean , the Muslim community of Central Texas has many connections to both Fort Hood and the military .
There are many members of the services who are in the community , who are feeling this personally , veterans and active duty personnel .
And , you know , there ’s relationships , real relationships with that base and with people at that base .
And so , you know , the primary feeling I ’m hearing is anger , not even fear for what might happen to us as any sort of backlash .
I ’m hearing none of that now the way I did , say , after 9/11 .
Right now , it ’s primarily anger that this happened and really searching for ways that the Muslim community can help .
This anger is not about the damage to the Muslim community , but the damage to America , and how can Muslims , as Americans , help repair that damage .
Eboo Patel , a member of the president ’s Faith - Based Advisory Council has a suggestion on how to channel that rage : “ What is even more important [ than condemnation ] is to state clearly what Islam stands for .
In Islam , as in other faiths , it is said that to take a single life is like taking all life .
[ cf. Qur’an 5:32 ] ”
I would suggest that what Muslims stand for is on display every single day in this country : in our teachers , doctors , business people , friends , family , co-workers .
We do not always have to make grand gestures .
I am responsible for my people , but not all of them .
I am an American , but I am not responsible for Tim McVeigh .
I do not have to apologize to every Federal worker I meet for his actions .
I am a New Yorker , but I am not responsible for the Son of Sam .
I am male , but I am not responsible for David Koresh .
I am a Muslim , but I am not responsible for Nidal Hasan .
I am responsible to heal the damage all these people have caused .
I am responsible for making sure these things do not happen .
Sarah Posner , echoing Sec. of State Powell , writes “ Hasan is Muslim , So What ? , ” while Arsalan Iftikhar offers a sympathetic point in his article “ Murder has no Religion . ”
Eboo Patel writes that “ a Muslim did not do this .
Killers do not deserve the honor of a religious label .
The man who killed a group of brave American soldiers deserves one name and one name only : murderer . ”
Wajahat Ali pleads :
No mere factual , evidential explanation could ever justify or excuse in any way Hasan ’s alleged actions .
But it ought to broaden the horizon of those in the media who seem infatuated with the need to pin the blame for this perverse tragedy solely on a man ’s religious faith and Arabic last name , rather than exploring the possibility of a more complicated truth involving some combination of mental state , divided loyalty , or conscientious objection .
There is still much we do not know about Hasan ’s motivations .
Right now , we are simply exacerbating levels of distrust in civilian society , and risk spreading that distrust to the military .
What we need is clarity , and that takes time in which we can reflect .
Unfortunately , there is a desire simply to act , to judge .
We must resist this urge .
Few lemmings are required to lead us over the cliff to hysterics and faulty judgment .
A Note On Commenting :
Dear readers ,
Commentary on the recent tragedy at Ft. Hood has elicited such strongly felt responses , many of which violated one or another of our commenting terms , that we have decided to request that readers join the discussion in the form of the more traditional “ letter to the editor . ”
This will allow us to present the conversation , in edited form , in a longer thread in our blog .
It will also allow our authors to respond .
Please review the previously agreed upon guidelines for commenting ( see below ) and send letters to : submissions@religiondispatches.org
Our discussion forums are provided as a means to further the dialogue about pressing political and cultural issues .
We seek to encourage intelligent , thoughtful and respectful conversation and debate in these forums , and we reserve the right to moderate as we see fit .
We will not tolerate :
· personal attacks on our writers or readers
· excessive profanity
· racist , sexist or other discriminatory or hateful language
· comments that are off - topic or irrelevant to the post or discussion at hand
Readers who fail to follow these guidelines may have their comments deleted and their commenting privileges disabled with or without warning .
— The Editors
Posted on January 21 , 2010
Jon Stewart Mocks Keith Olbermann Over Scott Brown Attacks
Jon Stewart mocks Keith Olbermann for his attacks on Scott Brown and other conservatives , including Rush Limbaugh and Michelle Malkin .
UPDATE : Olbermann responds on his show .
The Three Rivers Beer Club is holding their next tasting on Thursday , January 14 , 2010 – this month ’s theme – Black and Gold .
Next Tasting : Black N’ Gold
January 14th , 6 - 8 pm
The Steelers did n’t make the playoffs , but you can still get your Black N ’ Gold fix with this beer lineup .
From Victory ’s cutting edge Black IPA to Voodoo ’s easy drinking Witbier , everyone can find something to cheer about .
The tasting includes beer samples , gourmet appetizers prepared by Chef Shawn , and a presentation on the selected beers .
Join us at the Allegheny HYP club on January 14th from 6 pm to 8 pm .
The cost to attend is $ 15 per person .
Please RSVP for the event here .
You must be 21 or older to attend .
The TRBC encourages all attendees to drink responsibly .
BEERS :
Fearful of a brewing taxpayers ' backlash , the Ontario government is retreating from plans to impose the new HST on coffee , newspapers , and fast - food value meals .
Despite Premier Dalton McGuinty 's repeated claims that the cash - strapped province , which has a record $ 24.7 billion budget deficit , could not afford to exempt much from the 13 per cent harmonized sale tax , the Liberals are capitulating .
Under the hastily announced change , restaurant meals costing less than $ 4 and newspapers will continue to only be subject to the 5 per cent federal GST .
" Not applying the provincial portion of the HST to newspapers and qualifying prepared food and beverages sold for a total of $ 4 or less would save money for all Ontarians on a daily basis , " Finance Minister Dwight Duncan said Thursday at a Tim Hortons outlet on Islington Ave. in Etobicoke .
The move will cost the provincial treasury $ 325 million .
Revenue Minister John Wilkinson stressed the overall package , which includes income tax cuts for most Ontarians and rebate cheques for low - and middle - income people , will boost the economy .
" Millions of Ontarians who buy their morning coffee would benefit from today 's announcement , but the greatest benefit to all Ontarians would be the additional jobs created as a result of our tax package , " said Wilkinson .
That means the 8 per cent provincial sales tax portion of the HST , which blends the two consumption taxes as of next July 1 , will not be slapped on your Tims " double - double " or your tall Starbucks latte .
While there was n't exactly a Boston Tea Party - style revolt in the offing , the Liberals were concerned that such an in - your - face tax being paid every morning by people in every demographic could be politically damaging .
In that vein , the government is also giving a similar exemption for newspaper subscriptions .
Thus far books , feminine hygiene , diapers , children 's clothing , and kids ' booster seats had been the only exempted products .
However , taxes will still increase on gasoline , home heating fuel , taxis , legal services , golf green fees and hundreds of other items .
Progressive Conservative MPP Peter Shurman ( Thornhill ) said the change proves that anti-HST pressure from opposition parties is working .
" It says that Dalton McGuinty was misleading Ontarians all along in saying there was no room for motion , " said Shurman , adding it 's proof the HST was half - baked .
" They did n't get it right the right the first time with the entire concept of this , " he said , emphasing the Tories would continue to fight the tax .
Tory revenue critic Lisa MacLeod agreed that the Liberals are feeling the heat .
" By backtracking , the McGuinty Liberals are proving public pressure is working , " said MacLeod ( Nepean - Carlton ) .
NDP Leader Andrea Horwath suggested the Liberals were being cynical .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
" The government can sugar - coat this all they want , but there 's no getting around the fact that families are going to see the costs of everyday purchases going way , way up — even if the government is kind enough not to increase the taxes on coffee and doughnuts , " Horwath said in a statement .
" Ontario may not have a new doughnut tax , but there 's still a big hole in the government 's plans to raise the taxes of nearly every Ontarian , " she said .
" If the government wants to give Ontario families something they can swallow , they should do the right thing and announce they 're canceling the HST . "
Albert Einstein spent the last decades of his life trying to work out a theory that would explain all known phenomena .
He failed , but his vision has been pursued by generations of researchers , and there have been many popular science books and articles that imply that such a theory could be right around the corner .
In this talk , Fermilab scientist Don Lincoln explains the current status in this timeless quest and give the audience a sense of the prospects for completing Einstein ’s dream .
Its a good thing that Star Wars was a long time ago in a galaxy far far away .
It explains why they are not taking advantage of earth ’s technological advances .
Like for instance , if Star Wars had Facebook , statuses might have looked like this :
This was made of awesome , and came from here .
Contrary to public statements made by the Transportation Security Administration , full - body airport scanners do have the ability to store and transmit images , according to documents obtained by the Electronic Privacy Information Center .
The documents , which include technical specifications and vendor contracts , indicate that the TSA requires vendors to provide equipment that can store and send images of screened passengers when in testing mode , according to CNN .
The TSA has stated publicly on its website , in videos and in statements to the press that images cannot be stored on the machines and that images are deleted from the scanners once an airport operator has examined them .
The administration has also insisted that the machines are incapable of sending images .
But a TSA official acknowledged to CNN that the machines do have these capabilities when set to " test mode . "
The official said these functions are disabled before the machines are delivered to airports and that there is no way for screeners in airports to put the machines into test mode to enable the functions .
The official , however , would not elaborate on what specific protections , if any , are in place to prevent airport personnel from putting the machines in test mode .
The TSA also asserts that the machines are not networked , so they can not be accessed by hackers .
Image courtesy of the TSA
See Also :
Offalgood Chef Chris Cosentino ’s educational and inspirational tool for those who are interested in learning about and cooking with offal .
Liberal democracy offers religious believers a bargain .
Accept , as a price of citizenship , that you may never impose your convictions on your neighbor , or use state power to compel belief .
In return , you will be free to practice your own faith as you see fit  and free , as well , to compete with other believers ( and nonbelievers ) in the marketplace of ideas .
That ’s the theory .
In practice , the admirable principle that nobody should be persecuted for their beliefs often blurs into the more illiberal idea that nobody should ever publicly criticize another religion .
Or champion one ’s own faith as an alternative .
Or say anything whatsoever about religion , outside the privacy of church , synagogue or home .
A week ago , Brit Hume broke all three rules at once .
On a Fox News panel , Hume suggested that the embattled Tiger Woods consider converting to Christianity .
“ He ’s said to be a Buddhist , ” Hume noted .
“ I do n’t think that faith offers the kind of forgiveness and redemption that is offered by the Christian faith . ”
A great many people immediately declared that this comment was the most outrageous thing they ’d ever heard .
Hume ’s words were replayed by Jon Stewart on the Daily Show , to shocked laughter from the audience .
They were denounced across the blogosphere as evidence of chauvinism , bigotry and gross stupidity .
MSNBC ’s Keith Olbermann claimed , absurdly , that Hume had tried to “ threaten Tiger Woods into becoming a Christian . ”
His colleague David Shuster suggested that Hume had “ denigrated ” his own religion by discussing it on a talk show .
* THE Message about Preparedness *
By : Warlord
11 February 2007
Do you have a vague plan to pack a " Bug Out Bag " and " Head for the Hills " ?
It Just Does n't Work !
A person that " Bugs out " with No Pre -Stocked place to go is called a " Refugee "
Do n't become a Refugee with a " 3 Day Bug Out Bag " on your back .
I get a Lot of e-mail daily , much of the e-mail is telling me what people have learned by reading our site , and what they think they know about Preparedness from reading other survival sites ...
I think some have gotten some wrong basic ideas .
I think people are missing The Main Message they should have picked up about Preparedness in general ... it's an important Message , and it obviously needs to be conveyed in plain language ...
This is information from many people that have spent a lot of time and money actually doing this stuff in real life ... often during disasters .
So I thought I 'd spell it out , while also answering the question I am asked the most , " Where Do I Start " ?....
No Matter what else you learn here , Start with this :
" ALL Disaster Victims Crave The Same Few Basics "
It is a proven fact that during and after a disaster of any type , people crave " Routine " , " Familiarity " and " Normalcy " at a basic , subconscious , level .
It is a need in all humans .
Just as small Children may carry a security blanket or stuffed animal for comfort ;
Adults mentally carry security blankets also , except our comforting items are things like " Waking up in our own bed " , " Starting the day in our own bathroom " , " Our favorite watch or rings " , " Sitting down to our favorite meals at our own table in our own home " , etc .
You see the point .
For some people , " routine " is as simple as " flipping a light - switch to have light " .
A person deprived of any normal routine is already under an enormous amount of stress well before any outside stressors are added .
However , by the same token , People that can find ways to maintain some of their " Normal Routines and Comforts " during and after a disaster can often withstand incredible amounts of external stress without buckling .
As you make your survival preparations , you should keep this fact firmly in mind , first and foremost .
This is a survival need more important than any other .
" Store What You Normally Eat " ( " and eat what you normally store " ) ...
Not " Storage food you have n't tried " ...
Your family may not like it , or it may tear up your / their stomach - Do you know for sure that your storage food wo n't ?
Try it !
" An On - Going Disaster " is not the time or place to start making radical changes to your Diet or Lifestyle if it can be avoided .
There are Many articles here on how to store everyday foods , the shelf life of canned foods ( Most properly stored canned foods have an indefinite shelf life ) , and information on cans and other packaging , etc , etc .
You know what your family normally uses around your house in a month , and it's not hard to find out which items on the menu can be stored " Longer Term " ...
Make a list of those items that store well and simply buy a little more of it each week with the intention of saving it in case you suddenly find that you can't get the foods your family normally likes to eat for some reason .
We 're literally only talking about a few extra dollars spent each week at the grocery store , yet you 'll find that you quickly build up a very comfortable amount of extra food that you already know your family will eat during a time when they 're craving that " Routine " and " Normalcy " that we touched on above .
Put the new stuff in the back of the pantry , and eat from the front of the pantry , then you always have a reserve of " Normal ol Food " ... does n't matter if it's a hurricane or a lay off , you 'll eat the same as you do right now .
" If You Leave Home Without A Place To Go , You Are a Refugee " .
' Bug Out Bags ' and ' Heading For The Hills To Live Off The Land ' are popular ideas that do n't work ...
We have many articles about Why it does n't work , but forget " Hunting and Trapping and ' Living like a Mountain Man in a Remote Area ' " .
There 's really no such thing as " Remote Areas " in the Lower 48 States ...
Africa , Asia , the Steps of Russia , etc , are Truly remote areas , and they were Always hit by waves of smallpox and other plagues carried only by humans ( " Humans " are everywhere ) !
Nothing in the Lower 48 is " really remote " , it 's a false sense of security if that 's all you are depending on .
" Living in the Country in a small self - sustaining community is better " .. but it 's not the " End all Answer " and you can't stop there .
It 's better than living in the city , certainly , but it 's not a protection by itself , it simply gives you an edge If You Prepare Further .
Remember , when city people get scared , they blindly " Head for the hills / country " .. right to where
You are .
If You Think You May Be Forced Out Of Your Home , Have A Pre-prepared Back - up Retreat Area To Go To ... and I do n't mean some vague plan to " Do something on some land you know about " ...
What , specifically , is your plan ?
Some " Preparedness Gurus " are happily preparing you ( and millions of others ) to head toward State Parks and other wooded areas with a bag of junk on your back .
The roads will be jammed with people trying this .
Within a few days , the land will be stripped bare , and the whole area will be a stinking mess ( Not to mention the thieving and such that will be going on ) .
Anyone that 's ever camped in a state park camping area knows there 's not so much as a burnable twig left to be found during peak camping periods .
If you are n't Living a Preparedness lifestyle right now ( and even if you live in the suburbs or city right now you can still live a " Preparedness Lifestyle " ) then you Need to have a well stocked retreat of some sort and Solid plans to get there in an emergency ... leave Nothing to chance .. always be able to say , " If this fails , then I will _____ as a back - up " ...
Actually practice your plans so you 'll be confident that you can really get to safety in a genuine emergency .
' Living Off The Land ' Your family of 4 will need a Minimum of 24 to 36 Deer each year just to survive at starvation levels .
The Wildlife Control Commission estimates that there are 15 million white tail deer in the US today .
That seems like a lot until you consider there are 307 million people in the US .
Do the math , then develop a food storage plan ( or use one of ours ) .
In the Rubicon Area we have the facts straight from the experts .
The experts may not be giving you the facts that you wanted to hear , but they 're true and accurate , and knowing the facts means * you * survive when others around you may not !
Almost Every Prep Item You Have Should Be Used In Your Everyday Life .
Then during a disaster , you are already used to using the item , and it 's part of your normal routine that you do n't have to change ...
Nor do you have to try to figure out an unfamiliar piece of equipment while in a stressful situation ... this frees up Time , this allows you to Think .
Never buy a prep item and simply pack it away un-tried and un-tested ...
Use It .
Do n't be afraid to use technology !
Technology can be a " Force Multiplier " .
A modern Security System with Night Vision Capable Cameras can watch your home and yard without needing sleep , or food , or extra beds , or exposing you to the dangers of " patrolling " .
Modern Systems are VERY reliable and only use tiny amounts of power .
A small Alternate Power System can save you huge amounts of time and work in a disaster .
It allows you to use power tools , it allows you to have light by just flipping a switch rather than hunting for lighters and candles in the dark .
You can store a LOT of Compact Fluorescent Bulbs in the same space as a month 's worth of candles or oil lamps .
There 's also no need to try to barter for more candles , more oil , more wicks , replacement lamp globes , etc .
Our modern economy is no longer set up to supply candles or lamp oil in quantity to rural areas without modern transportation ... where do these items come from , in quantity , when Walmart closes ?
Most of the Candles , Lamps , Oil , etc , that you may currently be storing for use in a disaster , are probably imported !
When you use up your supply , they 're just gone ; your community probably does n't have enough bees , or other resources , to supply even one single new candle to each house that will quickly need more .
Do your best to avoid items in your Survival planning that are " used up " during use .
Compact Fluorescent
Bulbs do n't light the curtains on fire , or burn down houses ; they provide much more light , and they do it for many years at a time .
Do n't handicap yourself when it comes to survival in a disaster by suddenly trying to live like a pioneer , stick with what you know ...
It 's not hard .
Asian carp may indeed be poised to destroy commercial fishing as we know it in the Great Lakes , but Reggie McLeod likes his smoked or pickled .
The Vietnamese community cooks carp in coconut milk with lemongrass and chili peppers .
The Polish like to draw out the pungent fishy odor by soaking it in milk and onions .
At Joe Tess Place in Omaha , Neb. , which has proudly served deep - fried carp sandwiches since the 1930s , it ’s presented on rye bread with fries and handmade coleslaw .
The humble Asian carp , which by some accounts is now within six miles of Lake Michigan , did n’t ask to be at the center of a legal and political firestorm .
But in a short time , this scaly bottom feeder has attracted the attention of the White House and the U.S. Supreme Court , which is considering whether to force Illinois to close locks and dams in Chicago - area waterways to keep the carp out of the Great Lakes .
There ’s no question this ugly , stinky fish has an image problem in the United States .
But so many varieties of carp , including the feared Asian carp , have been popular in ethnic cuisines for so long that some ca n’t help but see Illinois ’ current crisis as the culinary opportunity of a lifetime .
“ The only thing wrong with eating Asian carp is that it has the word carp in it , ” said Steve McNitt , sales manager at Schafer Fisheries in Thomson , Ill. , one of the largest carp processors and distributors in the country .
“ It ’s a tasty fish , a fleshy fish .
Think of all the hungry people around the world you could feed with carp .
“ We should n’t be trying to eradicate it ; it ’s too late for that .
We should be eating it . ”
Since escaping from government fish hatcheries and catfish ponds in the South during the 1970s , Asian carp have made their steady and dramatic way up the Mississippi River toward the Great Lakes .
Feeding on vegetation and plankton , Asian carp -- a term that actually encompasses four varieties of carp -- are fast , prolific breeders that can weigh up to 100 pounds and eat several times their body weight a day .
Some estimate there are tens of millions of pounds of harvestable Asian carp in the Illinois River -- a tantalizing prospect for anglers and entrepreneurs hoping to cash in on a slimy , silvery gold rush .
Schafer Fisheries alone processes about 12 million pounds of carp a year from a 30,000 - square - foot facility near the banks of the Mississippi River , across from Iowa .
Nearly 10 million pounds are shipped to China , Japan , Canada and Europe , McNitt said .
The rest is sent to restaurants and ethnic grocery markets in Los Angeles , New York City and Chicago .
Bighead carp , a variety of Asian carp , arrives twice a week at markets such as Mayflower grocery in Chicago ’s Chinatown , where it sits amid the imported salted mackerel and the dried octopus .
At a Vietnamese supermarket in the Uptown neighborhood , bighead carp is sliced thin and wrapped in cellophane for $ 2.19 a pound .
Customers can buy whole carp or just the heads at Rubino ’s Seafood Co. , a wholesale fish distributor , which sold about 15,000 pounds of it over the holidays .
Co-owner Ron Caminiti said the carp has two crucial obstacles to wider culinary acceptance : bones and a bad rap .
“ It tastes good , but it ’s very bony , and most Americans do n’t like that , ” Caminiti said .
“ My Polish customers ?
They love it .
But anything Americans have to eat so gingerly is n’t going to become popular . ”
McNitt agreed .
“ As soon as you tell them it ’s carp , it ’s over , ” he said .
When it comes to fish , name and reputation go a long way , industry experts say .
Chilean sea bass was not so popular when it went by its original name , Patagonia toothfish .
Similarly , many Chinese wo n’t eat carp known to have lived in rivers , said Z.J. Tong of the Chicago Chinese Cultural Institute , but they will happily fry up those from lakes or fish farms .
Tong ’s family in northern China sautes carp with garlic , ginger , onions and other spices .
Reggie McLeod , who edits and publishes a small , Minnesota - based magazine dedicated to the upper reaches of the Mississippi River , said carp suffers from “ a cultural bias ” in the United States .
The fish looks terrible , and it smells bad , but it has a subtle , moist flavor that is surprising -- provided all the bones are removed .
“ My dad always told me [ carp ] was inedible , ” McLeod said .
“ But I have fished a lot and eaten a lot of fish , and carp has a very mild taste that I really like . ”
McLeod became so taken with the smoked and pickled varieties his friends offered him that his publication , Big River Magazine , sponsored a contest last year asking every chef , angler and fish - lover in Minnesota , Iowa and western Illinois to submit their favorite carp recipes to be judged by the magazine .
“ No one entered , ” he said , somewhat deflated .
“ I guess we have a way to go still before it catches on . ”
With all the recent buzz about Asian carp , though , McLeod said he planned to relaunch the recipe contest this year .
Schafer Fisheries thought so much of Asian carp in 2006 that it entered talks with lawmakers in Springfield to cultivate carp meat to feed prisoners at the nearby Thomson Correctional Center and other state prisons .
However , the response was tepid , McNitt said .
Caminiti , no fan of carp himself , said the fish ’s only chance at the mainstream is if a celebrity chef takes pity on it .
“ You get some fancy chef to throw a sauce on it and charge $ 25 , people will buy it , ” Caminiti said .
“ But it ’ll never happen . ”
jhood@tribune.com
By Subir Bhaumik
BBC News , Calcutta
Mr Barua is the only senior Ulfa leader at large Indian Railways has finally sacked a separatist leader from a job he held with them for 29 years despite being absent from work since January 1980 .
Paresh Barua , the head of the military wing of the United Liberation Front of Assam ( Ulfa ) , has been working with the railways as a " traffic porter " .
The railways said they did not know if the man in question was the Ulfa leader , but his family said it was him .
Mr Barua is blamed for dozens of bomb blasts , attacks and killings in Assam .
Ulfa rebels have fought for a separate Assamese homeland since 1979 .
A mystery " Paresh Barua has been removed from work and a notice has been put up in Tinsukia railway station where he last worked , " Northeast Frontier Railway spokesman S Hajong told the BBC .
Mr Hajong said the long absence of Paresh Barua from his work was noticed in the records and a notice was issued to him on 21 December .
The rebel leader was asked to appear before the railway authorities by 6 January or face the sack .
Ulfa has been blamed for a string of attacks in Assam " Now that he did not appear , the railways sacked him . "
It remains a mystery why it took the railways so long to sack the separatist leader .
The only explanation Mr Hajong offered was that they had to do it " the legal way " .
" But we do n't know if the Paresh Barua sacked by us and the Ulfa military wing chief are one and the same , " he said .
Mr Barua 's family , however , confirmed that the sacked railway employee was indeed the rebel leader .
" The sack letter has now come to our home address .
It is true my brother Paresh worked as a railway porter in 1978 - 79 and he did work at Tinsukia station , " said Mission Baruah , the Ulfa leader 's younger brother , from his village Jeraigaon , near the northern Assam town of Tinsukia .
Mr Barua said his brother had got the job as a sportsman and had represented the railways as the goalkeeper in their soccer team .
He held the job until he went underground and formed the rebel group along with other Assamese youths .
Last pay " Assam was in the midst of a powerful campaign against illegal migrants from Bangladesh and my brother was very upset with the police excesses against the supporters of the agitation .
" That influenced him to take the extreme course of setting up a guerrilla organisation that changed his life , " Mr Barua said .
Paresh Barua 's last pay drawn from the railways in December 1979 was 370 rupees ( $ 8 ) , but the rebel leader is now believed to be worth tens of millions of dollars in donations from his supporters .
After the crackdown against the Ulfa in Bangladesh last year , Mr Barua is reported to have fled the country which was his home for the last two decades .
He is now believed to be hiding somewhere in south - east Asia .
Many of those who founded the Ulfa with him , including the group 's chairman Arabinda Rajkhowa , were recently arrested in Dhaka and handed over to India .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
( CNN ) -- Music from late rapper Tupac Shakur has been included as part of the Vatican 's official MySpace Music playlist .
The seat of the Catholic Church released a list of 12 songs onto the social networking Web site 's streaming music service this week when the site launched in the United Kingdom .
Among selections from Mozart , Muse and Dame Shirley Bassey is the slain rapper 's song " Changes , " which was released two years after his shooting death on a greatest hits album in 1998 .
" The genres are very different from each other , but all these artists share the aim to reach the heart of good minded people , " the Vatican wrote on its official MySpace Music page .
As of Thursday night , " Changes " had been played more than 4.6 million times on the Web site .
The list was compiled by Father Giulio Neroni , artistic director of church publisher St Paul 's Multimedia .
He was also responsible for compiling the Vatican 's recent Alma Mater album , which combined Gregorian chants and prayers with classical music and the voice of Pope Benedict XVI speaking in five languages .
Shakur , who spent time in prison for sexual assault , was gunned down in a drive - by shooting in Nevada in 1996 .
The lyrics of " Changes " describe Shakur 's desire to change a grim life of drugs , crime and violence on the streets .
Lyrics of the song , which is labeled as " explicit , " include ' Is life worth living , should I blast myself ? "
" Give the crack to the kids , who the hell cares , one less hungry mouth on the welfare , " and " My stomach hurts , so I 'm looking for a purse to snatch . "
At another point , Tupac sings : " Cause both black and white are smokin ' crack tonight . "
In contrast , the playlist also contains selections from the album " Music of the Vatican " such as " Advocata Nostra " and " Causa Nostrae Laetitiae . "
Other contemporary tracks on the mix include Muse 's " Uprising " from their new album " The Resistance " and " He Does n't Know Why " by the folk group Fleet Foxes .
The Grand Canyon ( Spanish : Gran Cañón ) is a steep - sided gorge carved by the Colorado River in the United States in the state of Arizona .
It is largely contained within the Grand Canyon National Park , one of the first national parks in the United States .
President Theodore Roosevelt was a major proponent of preservation of the Grand Canyon area , and visited it on numerous occasions to hunt and enjoy the scenery .
The Grand Canyon is 277 miles ( 446 km ) long , ranges in width from 4 to 18 miles ( 6.4 to 29 km ) and attains a depth of over a mile ( 1.83 km ) ( 6000 feet ) .
Nearly two billion years of the Earth 's geological history have been exposed as the Colorado River and its tributaries cut their channels through layer after layer of rock while the Colorado Plateau was uplifted .
While the specific geologic processes and timing that formed the Grand Canyon are the subject of debate by geologists , recent evidence suggests the Colorado River established its course through the canyon at least 17 million years ago .
Since that time , the Colorado River continued to erode and form the canyon to the point we see it as today .
Before European immigration , the area was inhabited by Native Americans who built settlements within the canyon and its many caves .
The Pueblo people considered the Grand Canyon ( " Ongtupqa " in Hopi language ) a holy site and made pilgrimages to it .
The first European known to have viewed the Grand Canyon was García López de Cárdenas from Spain , who arrived in 1540 .
The Grand Canyon is a massive rift in the Colorado Plateau that exposes uplifted Proterozoic and Paleozoic strata , and is also one of the six distinct physiographic sections of the Colorado Plateau province .
It is not the deepest canyon in the world ; Kali Gandaki Gorge in Nepal is far deeper , nor the widest ( Capertee Valley in Australia is about 1 km wider and longer than Grand Canyon ) — but the Grand Canyon is known for its visually overwhelming size and its intricate and colorful landscape .
Geologically it is significant because of the thick sequence of ancient rocks that are beautifully preserved and exposed in the walls of the canyon .
These rock layers record much of the early geologic history of the North American continent .
Uplift associated with mountain building events later moved these sediments thousands of feet upward and created the Colorado Plateau .
The higher elevation has also resulted in greater precipitation in the Colorado River drainage area , but not enough to change the Grand Canyon area from being semi-arid .
The uplift of the Colorado Plateau is uneven , and the north - south trending Kaibab Plateau that Grand Canyon bisects is over a thousand feet higher at the North Rim ( about 1,000 ft/300 m ) than at the South Rim .
Almost all runoff from the North Rim ( which also gets more rain and snow ) flows toward the Grand Canyon , while much of the runoff on the plateau behind the South Rim flows away from the canyon ( following the general tilt ) .
The result is deeper and longer tributary washes and canyons on the north side and shorter and steeper side canyons on the south side .
Temperatures on the North Rim are generally lower than the South Rim because of the greater elevation ( averaging 8,000 ft /2,438 m above sea level ) .
Heavy rains are common on both rims during the summer months .
Access to the North Rim via the primary route leading to the canyon ( State Route 67 ) is limited during the winter season due to road closures .
Views from the North Rim tend to give a better impression of the expanse of the canyon than those from the South Rim .
Source
Share : You Might Also Like : loading ...
Cosmopolitan , June 1982
Long before he was a politician , Senator Scott Brown ( R - Mass . ) posed nude for the centerfold of Cosmo .
Sen .
Brown won our " America 's Sexiest Man " contest and appeared in the June 1982 issue .
In those days he was a 22 - year - old law student at Boston College who was cramming for finals just days before stripping down for our photographer .
Now , the senator 's running for re-election , but unfortunately , we do n't think his abs will come into play on the campaign trail .
Compared to some men in the GOP , this politician looks pretty damn good for his age — and we bet he still has an amazing body underneath his suit and tie .
There have been plenty of pics of our president running around without his shirt , so now that a precedent has been set , we 're hoping to see Scott shirtless again .
Since we know the candidate so , ahem , well , we thought we'd help him out with a few campaign slogans :
Scott Brown : A Name You Can Trust , Abs You Can Believe In
Vote for Brown .
He Has One Hell of a Stimulus Package .
Leave your own slogans for Scott Brown below !
Read more Cosmo articles on Scott Brown !
If Scott Brown 's Nude Photo Didn't Shock You , His Victory Speech Will
Scott Brown : From Cosmo to Congress
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
Debatable sentiment , at best mediocrely conveyed .
You guys should wait until we lose contact with Voyager 1 .
I have always found that thinking about the Voyager 1 and 2 and Pioneer 10 and 11 probes triggers powerful emotions in me and I 've never been able to fully explain them or properly pin them down in text .
The closest I 've come is Lonely Photographer which I 'll concede is almost as sophomoric as Munroe 's effort .
Let 's cover Voyager 1 in particular .
Voyager 1 has been travelling away from the Earth for longer than most of the people reading this have been alive .
It is expected to continue operating until the mid-to - late 2020s .
It is the most distant man-made object from Earth .
It takes our radio signals more than 15 hours to reach it , and it takes another 15 hours for Voyager 's pathetically weak responses to return to us .
That number is constantly increasing .
But we will listen to those signals , for as long as there is still enough power to send them .
This is because Voyager 1 is the only thing we have out that far .
It is the human race 's third of only five attempts to date to reach interstellar space .
It is where no one and nothing has ever gone before .
It is a space mission which will last a cumulative total of nearly fifty years .
Spirit is not far away .
Spirit is not lonely .
Spirit is local .
We know precisely where it is .
One day , we will visit Spirit in person , pick it up , brush off its dust and bring it home .
Voyager 1 is not coming home .
Ever .
It will outlive us .
Once it stops transmitting , we will lose track of it , and we will never be able to find it again .
Then , if we want to send another mission out that far , we will have to wait another half - century .
It is the most important and most significant thing that humans have ever done , because it represents the width of the physical footprint that humans have made on the universe .
Bats and dolphins trod an identical genetic path to evolve a vital component of the complex sonar systems they use to pursue and catch prey .
The finding is unusual , because although many creatures have independently evolved characteristics such as eyes , tusks or wings , they usually took diverse genetic routes to get there .
Analysis of a specific gene has now demonstrated that although bats live in air and dolphins in water , where sound travels five times faster , they independently evolved a near - identical gene that allows them to accept high - frequency sound in the ear – vital for sonar .
The gene makes prestin , a protein in hair cells of the cochlea , which is the organ in the inner ear where sonar signals are accepted and amplified .
Prestin changes shape when exposed to high - frequency sound , and this in turn deforms the fine hair cells , setting off an electrical impulse to the brain .
So the protein has the important jobs of detecting and selecting high - frequency sounds for amplification .
Advertisement
When researchers examined the molecular structure of the prestin gene from a range of animals , they found that the variants in echolocating bats and dolphins were virtually indistinguishable .
By contrast , the prestin genes from baleen whales , which do n’t have sonar , were much more similar to those from cows , to which whales are closely related .
Likewise , four non-echolocating bats lacked the “ sonar ” version .
Prestin this way
The researchers also worked backwards through genetic time to demonstrate that the prestin gene evolved in echolocating bats and dolphins by the same route , gradually picking up the same mutations to get there .
“ It means that high - frequency hearing fundamental to echolocation evolved through the same molecular route , ” says Stephen Rossiter of Queen Mary , University of London .
Rossiter says the outcome is a “ striking example ” of evolution through the same genetic route , because echolocation is such a complex trait .
Although there have been previous examples , they have been of much simpler characteristics , such as the evolution of the antibacterial enzyme lysozyme to degrade bacterial walls .
Aural menagerie
Rossiter ’s team were alerted to the potential importance of the prestin gene to echolocating animals by earlier work showing that in humans , damage to the gene prevents people from hearing high - frequency sounds .
To investigate further , the team looked at the prestin gene from four toothed whales , two baleen whales , 18 bats and a variety of other animals .
“ The parallels in echolocation between the bats and the dolphins are striking , ” says Brock Fenton , who studies the evolution of bat bones linked with echolocation at the University of Western Ontario in London , Canada .
“ The story could be further enriched if there were data about prestin genes in echolocating birds and other echolocators , such as shrews , ” he says .
Journal reference : Current Biology , DOI : 10.1016/j.cub.2009.11.042
A Twitter argument allegedly resulted in murder last month , and New York police may subpoena Tweets as evidence in the case , according to a newspaper report .
Jameg Blake , 22 , is accused of fatally shooting Kwame Dancy ( pictured ) , also 22 , with a shotgun blast to the neck .
He pleaded not guilty this Wednesday .
The Harlem murder case , which allegedly took place in an apartment building on W. 132nd St. on December 1 , may turn out to be the first in which Tweets are used as evidence in a murder trial .
The NY Daily News writes :
It started as a simple Twitter beef , 140 - character spurts of anger by two young men who grew up together .
Hours before the shooting , Dancy may have taunted Blake with a tweet : " N — — -s is lookin for u do n't think I wo n't give up ya address for a price betta chill asap ! " ...
Blake 's
Twitter account is also full of online disses , though only one tweet mentions Dancy by name : " R.I.P. Kwame " on Dec.3 .
A police source said the messages may be subpoenaed to bolster the theory that there was bad blood between the two old pals .
It 's not clear to what extent the Tweets are being implicated .
Certainly Twitter provides a juicy angle for newspapers at this point , and the relationship between the two appears to have been strained in the past .
With the press quickly latching on to stories like the " Craigslist Killer , " it 's also worth reiterating that Twitter is simply a platform — how people use the service is not something under the microblogging site 's control .
The Daily News quotes the victim's mother , Madeline Smith , expressing her disbelief : " That 's not a reason to shoot somebody , that 's crazy .
I do n't know what 's going on with that Twitter thing . "
Gwen mentioned recently that the real purpose of television was n’t to entertain you , but to collect a predictable audience that networks could then sell to companies .
Commercials .
Commercials are the reason that programming exists .
In that light , it ’s interesting to see what ’s happening on Hulu , a website devoted to watching television programs .
Jody and Karyn G. sent in this screen shot of a prompt at the beginning of a show asking , nicely , what kind of “ ad experience ” she would “ prefer ” :
First , I think the question is hilarious .
“ Ad experience ” is an awesome euphemism for “ effort at manipulation . ”
And , of course , the real question that is being asked is “ Who are you ? ” Like with Facebook , they need to know .
Second , asking the question is a new tool for marketers made possible by a this new way of delivering programming to one person at a time .
Presumably , I am only one person and either a “ him ” or a “ her . ”
If the marketers can ascertain this , they can target their commercials even more effectively than when they were advertising on Spike TV and during Oprah ( because they are only guessing who is watching in those cases , but I ’m straight up telling them in this one ) .
Of course , this all depends on us being predictable and obedient consumers … and I bet some of us very much are n’t .
Impulse Control Impulse is something which says about them mind of the person .
And impulse controlling is something which tells us the story about the controlling ...
Super Technique 講座
m 4 チュートリア ル
m4 はUNIXの標準コマンドの１つであり、古い歴史を持つマクロプロセッサである。しかし、やや使い方が難しく、しかも古典度が高く専門的なために、どうしても紹介のプライオリティが下がる傾向があって、日本語でマトモに書かれた解説にお目にかかったことがない。そこで、m4 に多少の経験値がある筆者があえて m4 のチュートリアルを書いて見せる。基本的な情報は
m4 の info から仕入れており、それにいろいろな実例を加えて書いている。
マクロプロセッサ m4 とは？
m 4 はマクロプロセッサである。つまり 、Ｃプリプロセッサ cpp （今時だと gcc - E で起動するのが良かろう）のようなものだが、次のような cpp にはない特徴がある 。
cpp は扱うテキスト がＣ言語で書かれていることを期待する。つまり、空白と改行はターミネータに過ぎず、任意に空白や改行が付け加わっても問題がないという前提で動作する。現実には cpp はコメントを削除し、行番号を付与し、マクロディレクティブ行と、置換結果が空になる行は、空行として維持される。つまり、いろいろとやりすぎているのである。 cpp が「単語」として認識するのはＣ言語の「単語」である。だから、「
Test #4 」のようなマクロを定義できるわけがない。 cpp には、組み込みのマクロがいくつか存在している。一番有名なのは「 unix 」 というマクロである。これは処理系が UNIX のものの場合には 「 1 」である。もし、通常のテキストに対して何かを置換するためにcpp を実行し、その中に不幸にして 「 unix 」という文字が含まれていたらどうなるだろう？
これは gcc の実装ではドライバからオプションのかたちで unix などの 非ANSI マクロが供給されているのであり、通常 の
Intel 386 Linux では、次のような起動オプションである。
- D__ELF__ - Dunix - Di386 - D__i386__ - Dlinux - A system ( posix ) つまり 、Intel 386 Linux の gcc では、 「 __ELF__ 」 「 unix 」 「 i386 」 「 __i386__ 」 「 linux 」の５つの非標準マクロが定義されてプリプロセスが行われているのである。当然、これらの単語が含まれたＣ言語ソース以外のテキストを処理した場合、すべて「
1 」に化ける（まあ、これを回避するためには、 cpp -u か、 gcc - E -undef のオプションで起動する必要がある）。
つまり、これらの特徴から、行指向のテキストは本質的に cpp では処理できないし、Ｃ言語の通常の名前キャラクター（a-zA-Z0-9_）以外の文字を含む部分を置換することもできないことになる。これは「汎用的なマクロプロセッサ」として cpp を使うのは大変難しいことを示している。
そこで 「 汎用的なマクロプロセッサ」として用意されているのが m4 なのである。m4 の特徴は cpp とは対照的である 。
cpp ではマクロは１行のものしか定義できないのは周知のことである。強引に長いマクロを書くことはできるが、その場合でも改行を含むことはできない。しかし、Ｃ言語では改行は本質的ではないために、これは問題にはならない。だが、改行が本質的である言語のソースの場合には、どうしても改行をマクロに含みたいケースがある。cpp
はこれには対応できないが、m4 はこれに対応できる。つまり、マクロ定義の中に改行コードを含みうる。 cpp ではトークンはＣ言語の定義をそのまま流用している。だから、トークンとして使えるのは [ a - zA - Z_ ] [ a - zA - Z0 - 9 _ ] * の正規表現で示されるシーケンスだけである。しかし、m4 は任意の文字セットをトークンとして再定義できる仕様がある。だから、トークンの定義を
TeX 風に 「\」で始めるとか、sh 風に 「 $ 」で始めるとか、そういうこともできる（ただし、これをするためには m4 の再コンパイルが必要だが...）。 m4 はさまざまな置換に使える有用なの「組み込み関数」を持っている。
しかし、それらの組み込み関数でさえ、プレフィックスによる置換の禁止を設定することができる。だから、偶然の名前バッティングを有効に回避することができる。
さまざまな仕様が良く考えられており、再帰定義を活用することでループを実現することさえできる。
これらの特徴が、m4 を「汎用的マクロプロセッサ」として有益なものにしている。それゆえ、プログラマが m4 マクロを自分で記述することはそれほどにはなくても、実は
UNIX のさまざまな便利ツールの中で m4 は活用されているのである。たとえば...
autoconf 今時これがなくては、マルチプラットフォームのコンパイル＆インストールができなくなっている、と言っても過言ではないのが autoconf である。一般ユーザは autoconf の結果である「./configure」を起動するに過ぎないが、実はこの「./configure」を作るためのコマンドである autoconf は、m4 を使い倒している。実際には configure.in というファイルを作成して、それを処理して ./configure を作成するツールが autoconf である。configure.in は次のようなマクロが記述され、 AC_INIT ( common.h ) AC_CHECK_PROG ( LDCONFIG, ldconfig , " ldconfig " ) AC_SUBST( LDCONFIG ) AC_CONFIG_SUBDIRS ( src tool plug etc texinfo ) AC_OUTPUT ( Makefile ) これがシェルスクリプト ./ configure に変換される（中身は膨大なので、手元の適当な ./configure を参照されたい）。インストールのしたいユーザは、この ./configure を実行すると、実行環境を調べて適切な
Makefile を Makefile .in から作り出す ... という寸法だ。
だから、凝った configure .in を書くことになると、ちょっとばかり m4 の挙動を知っておいた方が良いことにもなる。
CF これはサーバ管理者への福音ツールである。/usr/sbin/sendmail
は古い歴史を持ち、古いソフトにありがちなのだが、設定ファイル
/etc/sendmail.cf は１文字オプションかつ奇怪な文法でサーバ管理者を悩ませ続けている。だってねえ、今時でさえ uucp 関連の詳細なオプションがテンコ盛りなんだよ！ 独自の sendmail.cf をフルスクラッチで書こうとすると、「sendmail
詳説」という分厚い本を首っ引きにせざるをえないわけだ。しかし、メールサーバの設定なんて９割以上は定型的なものに過ぎない。こんな難解な sendmail.cf で頭を悩ますのはバカバカしい...
ということで登場したのが、sendamil の簡易設定ツールである CF である 。CF は人間に判りやすい設定ファイルから sendmail .cf を自動生成する。難解な sendmail .cf 文法とはオサラバだ！ という舞台裏で、人間に判りやすい設定ファイルをマクロ置換して sendmail .cf を生成しているのが m4 のわけである 。
さまざまなツールのコンパイルの一環として フツーの UNIX （特にフリー系） に入っているのは多分 GNU の GNU m4 だろう。だから 、GNU の各種プロダクトでは 「 どうせ自分のとこで開発してる奴だから...」という理由で、それらのプロダクトのコンパイルのために、陰でけっこう m4 を活用している。まあ、これは自前でそういう
GNUツールをコンパイルしてみないと判らないが、gcc などでもそのコンパイルには m4 を使っている。
というわけで、m4 は表にはなかなか出ないシャイなツールだが、縁の下でずいぶん力を発揮している。こういう便利ツールはちょっと知っておくと便利であり、意外な活用法もあるわけだ。また、m4 を知っているとなるといかにも UNIX ウィザード臭いわけで、周囲の UNIX 系プログラマから尊敬の目で見られる（のではないかな？ 苦笑） 。
しかし、 「 尊敬の目で見られる(？ ) 」のは、やはり m4 がちょっとばかり難しいという理由もある。しかもこういう地味なツールのマニュアル翻訳はどうしても後回しになって、特に日本語ではマトモなチュートリアルさえない、という状況が長く続いている（まあ、勉強する奴は英語のドキュメントを読むわなあ）。ここでちょっとばかりチュートリアルを書いてみるのも、m4 のような便利ツールの普及に少しは力になるのではなかろうか。
ちなみ に 「 GNU Autoconf / Automake / Libtool 」（オーム社 、Vaughan , Elliston , Tromey , Taylor共著）にちょっとだけ（15ページだけ） m4 の解説があるが、筆者が日本語の解説を見たのはこれ位なものだ...だから、このページってなかなか希少価値があるようで、アクセス数に比較してリンクを張られる頻度が高いようだ。よしよし。
m 4 の使い方
要するに m4 はテキストツールである。つまり、
% m4 [ options ] files ....
のかたちで、引数として取られたファイルをマクロ置換した結果を標準出力に吐き出す。オプションの主要なものには次のものがある。
-- help , -- version 言うまでもなく、ヘルプとバージョンを表示する。
-Q , --quiet , -- silent ワーニング出力を抑制する。シェルスクリプト用だな、要するに。
-P , -- prefix - builtins これは重要。組み込みマクロなどは、デフォルトでは統一された名前ではないが、このオプションをつけるとすべての組み込みマクロは m 4 _
で始まる名前であると解釈される。これによって、不用意な置換を防止できる。
- I , --include= DIRECTORY
以下３つは cpp のオプションとしてもあるもの。これはインクルードするディレクトリを追加する。
-D NAME [ =VALUE ] , -- define= NAME [ =VALUE ]
コマンドラインからマクロを定義するアレである。スクリプトから利用する場合にスイッチとして使えて、効果絶大である。
-U NAME , --undefine= NAME -D の逆操作で、定義されているマクロをコマンドラインから未定義にする。
-s , --synclines 「 #line 1 " filename " 」の要領でファイル名を挿入してくれる。複数ファイルの時に重宝する。
まあ、その他にもあるが、 -- help ででも見てくれたまえ。また、ファイル名に「
- 」を使うと、標準入力から入力を受け付ける（GNUツールにはよくあるパターンだな）。
m4 のディレクティ ブ
さて、本題。m4 には組み込みのディレクティブ（要するに cpp だと # define とかの機能）がいくつもある。これらは cpp のものよりも汎用的に使えるのでしっかりと解説しよう。しかし、残念なことがある。それは日本語コードはちゃんと認識せず、基本的に最上位ビットが立っているとコケる。だから日本語のファイルに対して m4 を使う場合には 、JIS に変換して使うのがよかろう（まともに対応する奴はいないのか？）。
マクロ定義に関するディレクティブ
まず解説の一番手はマクロを定義するディレクティブである。要するに cpp の「 # define 」 に相当するのは、やはり 「 define ( Name [ , Value ] ) 」である。マクロを定義し、以降にそのシンボルが登場した時にマクロとして展開する。たとえば、次の通り。
define ( `X ' , `* Macro defined at Xwin* ') XFree86 is a free version of the X Window .
X is a standard Window System of UNIX .
これを 「m4 test.m4」の要領でマクロ展開すると、次のようになる。
空行！ XFree86 is a free version of the * Macro defined at Xwin* Window .
* Macro defined at Xwin* is a standard Window System of UNIX .
もし、cpp だとどうなるだろう？ 比較してみよう 。
# define X * Macro defined at Xwin* XFree86 is a free version of the X Window .
X is a standard Window System of UNIX .
# 1 " " XFree86 is a free version of the * Macro defined at Xwin* Window .
* Macro defined at Xwin* is a standard Window System of UNIX .
「 何だ、ほとんど同じじゃん！」なんて言わないで欲しい。まず余計な行表示は入らない。また並べて見るとよくわかる。
XFree86 is a free version of the * Macro defined at Xwin* Window .
m4 XFree86 is a free version of the * Macro defined at Xwin* Window .
cpp * Macro defined at Xwin* is a standard Window System of UNIX .
m4 * Macro defined at Xwin* is a standard Window System of UNIX .
cpp
つまり、cpp は展開されたマクロの直後に余計な空白が一文字入っているのである。m4 は正しく空白を処理し、余計な空白や改行を追加しない。m4 のやり方の方が汎用的なのだ。
さて、ここでトークンとクォート規則について注釈しよう。m4 はマクロ展開言語なので、トークンを展開して出来たトークンについて、更にマクロが定義されていた場合には二次的に展開を行う。つまり、
define ( `test ' , `W ' ) define ( `X ' , `test ') XFree86 is a test version of the X Window .
X is a standard Window System of UNIX .
のケースでは、 「 X」というトークンは、一旦「test」に展開された後、更に「
W」に展開され直す。つまり次のようになる（もうマクロ定義が空行に化けるのはいいよな...省略する）。
XFree86 is a W version of the W Window .
W is a standard Window System of UNIX .
まあ、ここらへんの感覚は cpp と同じである。m4 のトークンの定義は 「 letter , digit , _」で最初の文字が「 digit」ではないものであるとされている。これはＣ言語の変数名と同じであり、2byte文字は使えない（JISコードにしてもね）。当然、大文字小文字は区別される。
ということは、次のようなこともできる。
define ( `X ' , `test of ' ) define ( `test ' , `W ') XFree86 is a test version of the X Window .
X is a standard Window System of UNIX .
→ ちょっと行を節約しよう！ XFree86 is a W version of the W of Window .
W of is a standard Window System of UNIX .
まあ、これは驚くようなことでもない。cpp だって似たようなマクロは頻繁に書かれるのである。しかし、cpp ではいわゆる「トークン連結演算子」と呼ばれる「
## 」を使って、作成したトークンを連結する。m4 ではこれはない。その代わり、次のようなことができる。
define ( `X ' , `W ') define ( `WFree86 ' , `MyWindow ') indir( `X ') Free86 is a test version of the X Window .
→ MyWindow is a test version of the W Window .
indir ( ) は、強制的にマクロの置換を実行する。だから、 indir( `X ' ) →
W →（ WFree86 と見なされて）→ YWindow という連鎖で置換が進行しているのである。これを使えば、トークンを結果として連結できることになるのである。
また、改行を含むマクロは単に次のように素直に改行を入れるだけのことである。要するにリテラル文字列の定義が、改行コードを含んでも良く、とにかく「'」まで執念深くリテラルとして追っていくのだ。これは改行コードが本質的である言語（古典的Basic とか / bin/sh とか awk とかね）を処理する場合に大変都合が良い 。
define ( `X ' , `Big NEWS ... NeWS ') X is a Window System for UNIX .
→ Big NEWS ... NeWS is a Window System for UNIX .
マクロ置換の原 則
しかし、一旦置換された内容などを更に置換することを避けたい場合がある。つまり、展開された内容は「タダの文字列であって、トークンではない」ことを m4 に伝えれば良いのである。文字列シーケンスを「トークンでなくする」機能が「クォート」である。
m 4 のクォートはバッククォートとシングルクォートをペアにして使う（Ｃ言語風ではなくて、一般英文風である）。今まで使ってきたように「
` X ' 」などのクォートは、これを単なる文字列シーケンスとして取り扱い、マクロ展開をその時点では拒んでいるのである。これをテストしてみよう。
define ( `X ' , `is ' ) define ( X , `W ' ) → 結果として define ( `X ' , `W ' ) , define ( `is ' , `W ' ) を定義 XFree86 is a test version of the X Window .
X is a standard Window System of UNIX .
→ XFree86 W a test version of the W Window .
W W a standard Window System of UNIX .
define ( `X ' , `is ' ) define ( `X ' , `W ' ) → define ( `X ' , `W ' ) だけが定義される XFree86 is a test version of the X Window .
X is a standard Window System of UNIX .
→ XFree86 is a test version of the W Window .
W is a standard Window System of UNIX .
それゆえ 、define で定義されるマクロ置換対象であるトークンは、クォートしておくのが無難というものである。クォートしないと、意図しない副作用がありうるのである。逆に置換されるテキストの方のクォートは、置換されたときにクォートが消滅することになる。だから、一旦置換された対象に対して更に置換がなされるのである。これを防ぐためには「二重にクォートすれば良い」という結論になる。
define ( `X ' , `test ' ) define ( `test ' , `new ' ) XFree86 is a test version of the X Window .
X is a standard Window System of UNIX .
→ XFree86 is a new version of the new Window .
new is a standard Window System of UNIX .
上のケースでは X が置換された結果である test も元のテキストにあっ た X のどちらも new に置換されている。しかし、二重にクォートした下のケースでは、
X が置換された結果である test では一重のクォートが生き残り、そのために置換を拒んでそのまま残るのである。
define ( `X ' , ``test '') define ( `test ' , `new ' ) XFree86 is a test version of the X Window .
X is a standard Window System of UNIX .
→ XFree86 is a new version of the test Window .
test is a standard Window System of UNIX .
ということは逆に、地のテキストでもクォートを使うことで臨時に置換を拒むことができる。
define ( `X ' , `test ') XFree86 is a test version of the X Window .
` X ' is a standard Window System of UNIX .
→ XFree86 is a test version of the test Window .
X is a standard Window System of UNIX .
クォート自体を生き残らせるためには、当然次のようにする。
define ( `X ' , `test ') XFree86 is a test version of the X Window. ` `X '' is a standard Window System of UNIX .
→ XFree86 is a test version of the test Window .
` X ' is a standard Window System of UNIX .
マクロ引 数
cpp でマクロに引数が取れるように、m4 でも引数付きマクロが定義できる。ただし、やり方はずいぶん違い、若干 /bin/sh 風であり、不定長引数なども実現できる。
cpp では関数風に仮引数を与えてマクロを定義するが、m4 は / bin/sh 風（てっか TeX に似てるな ...
TeXマクロも置換マクロ言語だよな）であり、引数に 「
$ 1 , $ 2 , ... 」といった番号を与えてアクセスする。つまり、次のようである。
define ( `pair ' , `$ 1 => $ 2 ' ) pair ( `1st ' , `Apple ' ) pair ( `2nd ' , `Orange ' ) pair ( `3rd ' , `Banana ' ) → 1st => Apple 2nd => Orange 3rd => Banana
余計な引数がある場合は無視されるし、引数が足りない場合は空文字列になる。引数個数の不一致では、特に警告は生成されない。
define ( `pair ' , `$ 1 => $ 2 ' ) pair ( `1st ' , `Apple ' , `Computer ' ) pair ( `2nd ' ) ** pair ( ) ** → 1st => Apple 2nd => ** => **
その他、 「 $ 0 」は、そのマクロの名前を示す（/bin/sh風）。また、「 $ # 」が引数の個数を、 「 $* 」 と 「 $ @ 」がすべての引数を 「 , 」で連結したものを示す（これも /bin/sh 風）。
「 $* 」 と「 $ @ 」の違いは、クォートの扱いの違いである。「
$* 」は積極的にクォートを外してトークンとして評価する。だから、次のようになる。
define ( `echo1 ' , `$ *') define ( This , That ) echo1 ( ` This ' , `is ' , `a ' , `pen ' ) echo1 ( `` This ' ' , `is ' , `a ' , `pen ' ) →
That , is , a , pen This , is , a , pen
それに対して、 「 $ @ 」はクォートを評価の時に保存しておく。だから上と同じ内容を評価すると次のようになる。
define ( `echo2 ' , `$ @ ' ) define ( This , That ) echo2 ( ` This ' , `is ' , `a ' , `pen ' ) echo2 ( `` This '' , `is ' , `a ' , `pen ' ) →
This , is , a , pen ` This ' , is , a , pen
では、このような引数処理があるのならば、皆さんのご期待のとおり、/bin/sh みたいに shift がある。つまり、一種のループ処理が出来て、 「 不定個の引数すべてについて〜をする」というのが出来るのであるが、これはまだ予告するだけとしておく。→ループ
undefine と include
define に対応して当然「#undef」が存在する。「undefine」ディレクティブによって、定義されたマクロを空にできる（当然、-u オプションと対応している）。
define ( `X ' , `NeWS ')
X is a Window System for UNIX .
→ NeWS is a Window System for UNIX .
undefine ( `X ')
But X is too large ! →
But X is too large !
まあ、この動作は言うまでもない。しかし、cpp と違って、「 pushdef , popdef」などという一時的にマクロ定義をスタックに積んでしまい、別な定義を与えておいて、使ってからまた元に戻す、なんていう洒落たこともできるのである。
define ( `X ' , `NeWS ')
X is a Window System for UNIX .
→ NeWS is a Window System for UNIX .
pushdef ( `X ' , ``X ' ')
But X is too large ! →
But X is too large !
popdef ( `X ')
So X is presented by Sun. → So NeWS is presented by Sun .
まあ、賢いって言えば賢いが、面白いだけかな？
それよりも実用上重要なのは当然他のファイルをインクルードするディレクティブであり、当然「include」という名前だ。ただし、「sinclude」というディレクティブもあり、これがなかなか賢い。この２つの違いは「 include ( ` ファイル名 ') 」 の時に、 ファイル名 がなければエラーになるにも関わらず、 「 sinclude ( ` ファイル名 ') 」の時にはエラーにならないという違いがある。これは cpp にはない 「ちょっとした心使い」だと筆者は思う。当然使い方は次の通り。
sinclude ( `outer .m4 ' )
これはどってことない。しかし次のような使い方も出来るのが驚きである。
define ( `inc ' , sinclude ( `outer .m4 ' ) ) inc original text .
inc
これは正しくトークン inc にファイル内容が結びつけられて、２回ファイル内容が展開される。つまり、次のようになる。
ここは define ディレクティブが処理されて空行 outer .m4 contains follows ... outer .m4 file end .
original text .
outer .m4 contains follows ... outer .m4 file end .
もし、outer.m4 がなければ、sinclude なので単なる空文字列に展開されるに過ぎない。
条件分岐
さて、次は cpp にもある 「 条件コンパイル文 」 （#ifdef とか）の役割を果たす条件判定ディレクティブの紹介である。その名の通り「ifdef」というディレクティブがある。
ifdef ( NAME , IF - CASE , ELSE - CASE )
の構文である。だから、次のように使える。複数行の場合でも m4 の文字列が厳格に扱われることに注意されたい。
ifdef ( `COND ', ``COND ' is defined ... ` COND ' is COND .', `COND is * NOT * defined ! ')
これを 「 % m4 test.m4 」とか 「 % m4 - DCOND test.m4 」とか 「 % m4 - DCOND=conditionA test.m4 」とか、適当な値を引数で与えて実行してみると良い。そうすると、正しく条件判定をして、「
COND 」の定義如何によって、結果が変わる。
% m4 test .m4 COND is * NOT * defined ! % m4 -DCOND test.m4 COND is defined ... COND is . % m4 -DCOND=conditionA test.m4 COND is defined ... COND is conditionA .
複数行の定義でも問題ないし、二重クォートがうまく通用していることについても注意を払われたい。「COND」が未定義の条件では、わざわざ二重クォートしなくてもそもそも未定義なので、正しく「COND」のまま展開されるのは理解できるかな？
cpp の「#if」に相当する、マクロの「値」に従って分岐するディレクティブは「ifelse」である。これは一種の switch 文のように、複数の値を比較できるというなかなか凝ったディレクティブである。
ifelse ( 比較対 象Ａ , 比較対象Ｂ , 一致時に展開[ , 不一致時に展開 ] )
が基本的な構文であるが、オプションである [ , 不一致時に展開 ]
で、さらに条件判定が出来るのである。つまり、次のように使えるのである。まず基本の使い方。
ifelse( COND ,1 , ``COND ' is one ' , ``COND ' is COND ' ) → m4 - DCOND=1 test .m4 の場合 COND is one → m4 - DCOND=3 test .m4 の場合 COND is 3
しかし、これは次のように switch 文のように連鎖して使える 。Lisp 知ってる人だと、 「 あ、cond と同じ要領ね！ 」 とすぐピンとくる使い方だ。
ifelse ( COND ,1 , ``COND ' is one ' , COND ,2 , ``COND ' is two ' , ``COND ' is COND ' ) → m4 - DCOND=1 test .m4 の場合 COND is one → m4 - DCOND =2 test .m4 の場合 COND is two → m4 - DCOND=3 test .m4 の場合 COND is 3
とはいえ、マクロ展開の原理がちゃんと判っているのならば、次のマクロはこういう風には動かない理由を理解できるだろう。
ifelse ( `COND ', 1, ``COND ' is one ' , ``COND ' is COND ' ) → m4 - DCOND=1 test .m4 の場合 COND is 1 あれれ？
要するに、引数を評価する際に、ifelse に「COND」を評価させたいのではない。「COND」の定義されている値を比較したいのである。だから、この場合にはクォートしてしまうと、実際には ifelse は「 COND 」という文字列自体を評価することになり、常にこのマクロは else 条件になる。お分かりかな？ マクロのトークン名と、そのマクロが表す値とをうまく区別して理解してね。
ループ
さて、m4 のマクロは不定引数で定義され、引数の個数に関する厳格なチェックはない。そして、マクロの内部で当然今説明した条件判定が可能なのである。また、マクロは展開された内容に、マクロを示すトークンが含まれていたら更に展開されるものである。このことは、マクロによって「再帰」が書けることを意味している。要するに cpp では能力が低すぎるために「再帰マクロによるループ構造」のようなシャレた真似ができなかっただけで、実際にはマクロであっても「再帰」ができるのである。まあ、このマクロによる再帰って、Lisp では良く使われていたりするのだが、そう一般には馴染みがないだろうな。
「 けど俺ぁ再帰って苦手だ...」と思われる読者も多くいよう。そういう読者は「この問題を克服して、一回り大きな人間になってやるんだ！」という決意の元に一度きっちり勉強されることを筆者は薦める。コンピュータ科学の基礎にあるのは「再帰」であり、「再帰」をしっかり理解すると、「ホントに一回り大きく」なれるぞ！
まあ、そのためには「再帰関数の技」でも読まれると良かろう。
m 4 の再帰で 、 「 次の要素を得る」のを担当するのが「shift」である。要するに不定引数をリストであるかのように扱って、その cdr に相当する動作を「 shift」で行うのである。ここらへんの感覚は /bin/sh に近い。「shift」の動作はホントに自明なものである。
shift ( ) → ( 空 ) shift ( foo ) → ( 空 ) shift ( foo , bar , baz ) → bar , baz
要するに shift は引数の最初のものだけを無視して、２番目以降の引数だけを返す。だからループの内部では、次のようにして使うのが定石になる。
define ( `loop ' , `loop ( shift ( $ @ ) ) ' )
つまり、マクロの定義の内部で、さらにその自分自身の名前を使っちゃっているわけである。しかし、その引数は shift によって１つ減っている、という状態を作り出しているのがミソなのである。とはいえ、上のマクロは停止しないので、無限ループに陥る。shift は引数がなくても、単に空文字列を返すからである。だから、先程説明した条件判定を使って、正しく停止するようにしてやらなくてはならない。
define ( `last ' , `ifelse ( $ # , 1 , $ 1 , `last ( shift ( $@ ) ) ' ) ' ) last ( foo , bar , baz , quux ) → quux
これは次のようなシェルスクリプトと同じように、最後の引数だけを表示する（まあ、こんな風に再帰的に自分を呼び出すシェルスクリプトを書く神経は疑われるが...これは自己ツッコミだな）。
if [ " $ # " = " 1 " ] then echo $ 1 else shift ./last.sh $@ fi
とにかく 、shift の使い様は / bin/sh と同様なものであることはご理解頂けたと思う。じゃあ、今度は不定引数を逆順に表示するものだ。
define ( `reverse ' , `ifelse ( $ # , 1 , $ 1 , `reverse ( shift ( $@ ) ) $ 1 ' ) ' ) reverse ( foo , bar , baz , quux ) → quux baz bar foo
さらに 、for ループだって実現できちゃうのだ。これは info に載っている奴をそのまま掲載するが、こんなのはちょっとヤリ過ぎだな。
define ( `forloop ' , `pushdef ( `$ 1 ' , ` $ 2 ' ) _forloop ( `$ 1 ' , `$ 2 ' , `$ 3 ' , ` $ 4 ' ) popdef ( `$ 1 ' ) ' ) define ( `_forloop ' , `$ 4` ' ifelse ( $ 1 , `$ 3 ' , , `define ( `$ 1 ' , incr ( $ 1 ) ) _forloop ( `$ 1 ' , ` $ 2 ' , ` $ 3 ' , ` $ 4 ' ) ' ) ' ) forloop ( `i ' , 1 , 8 , `i ') → 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 forloop ( `i ' , 1 , 4 , `forloop ( `j ' , 1 , 8 , `( i , j ) ') ') → ( 1 , 1 ) ( 1 , 2 ) ( 1 , 3 ) ( 1 , 4 ) ( 1 , 5 ) ( 1 , 6 ) ( 1 , 7 ) ( 1 , 8 ) ( 2 , 1 ) ( 2 , 2 ) ( 2 , 3 ) ( 2 , 4 ) ( 2 , 5 ) ( 2 , 6 ) ( 2 , 7 ) ( 2 , 8 ) ( 3 , 1 ) ( 3 , 2 ) ( 3 , 3 ) ( 3 , 4 ) ( 3 , 5 ) ( 3 , 6 ) ( 3 , 7 ) ( 3 , 8 ) ( 4 , 1 ) ( 4 , 2 ) ( 4 , 3 ) ( 4 , 4 ) ( 4 , 5 ) ( 4 , 6 ) ( 4 , 7 ) ( 4 , 8 )
ちなみに「incr」は数値の引数を１つ加算して値とする組み込みマクロであることは、フツー推測できるだろう。当然「decr」も存在する。
まあ、 「 こんなマクロ一体何時使うんじゃ！」と叱られそうなものであるが、「なぜ山に登るのか...
それはそこに山があるからだ！」的なノリで理解して頂きたい。これがハッカーというものだ。実際、いわゆる「高級言語」が発達する前に、このようなマクロ言語の技はいわゆる「マクロアセンブラ」として独自に発達していたのである。そういうマクロ言語の生き残りが
TeX であったりするわけで、今ではあまり馴染みがなくなっている（GNUの as ってアセンブラのクセにマクロが定義できない...）。実はマクロもこれだけのことが出来るのである。なかなか凄いでしょ。
メタ文字の入れ換 え
さて、少し実用的な機能の話に戻そう。m4 が「汎用的なマクロプロセッサ」と名乗るのはダテではない。なぜならば、どのような言語にも対応できるように、いろいろなメタ文字などを入れ換えることが出来るのである。これによって、入出力のフォーマットのメタ文字とぶつからない（あるいは合わせる）ようにうまく処理をすることができるのである。
まず、クォート文字が変更できる。これをするのが「changequote」ディレクティブだ。
changequote ( 開始クォート文字列 , 終了クォート文字列 )
デフォルトのクォート文 字( `' ) に出力の上で特殊な意味があって、バッティングを避けたいならば、変えることさえできるのである。ここで「クォート文字列」なのがミソだ。つまり、 changequote ( [ [ , ] ] ) のようにして、 「 [ [ 」 「 ] ] 」
のようなシーケンスをクォート文字にできるのである！ また引数が空の、 changequote ( , ) は、クォートメカニズムを停止する。こうするとクォートが消えることはなくなる。まあ、若干ジョークでＣコメント風にやってみよう。
changequote (/*,*/) define (/* reverse*/,/*ifelse($#,1,$1,/*reverse( shift ($@ ) ) $ 1*/ )*/) reverse (/* foo*/,/*bar*/,/*baz*/,/*quux*/)
また、コメントも変えることができる。要するに「#」で始まるシェルなどのコメントの中身を展開したいときに、これが必要になる。m4 もデフォルトで「#〜改行」をコメントとして扱うので、「#」以降の内容はデフォルトではマクロ展開されない。これは困るケースがあるので、こういう時にはコメントの定義を「changecom」ディレクティブで変更する。
changecom ( 開始コメント文字列 , 終了コメント文字列 )
Ｃ言語風コメントにしてみよう。
changecom (/*,*/) define ( `X ' , `XFree86 ') /* comment for X */ → こっちが新しくコメントになったから展開されない
/* comment for X */ # for X Window System → デフォルトのコメントの方が展開される # for XFree86 Window System
さらにコメントと似ているが、m4 によって完全に無視され、一切出力されない処理を受けるものとして、「dnl」がある。これはそういえば、autoconf
でコメントを書くのによく使われているな。つまり、dnl 以降改行までは、出力を抑止され、出力にはでてこない。m4 用のコメントに使うのが良かろう（逆に言うとデフォルトの「#」コメントは中身がマクロ展開されないだけで、そのテキスト自体は出力されるのである！）。
この dnl が有用なのは、有効に改行 を
「食べて」しまうためである。つまり次のようになる。
X define ( `X ' , `test ' ) X define ( `X ' , `test ' ) dnl X →改行を正確に書く と X test test
フツーは define のようなディレクティブのみの行は空行に展開されてしまうが、末尾に「 dnl」とつけるだけで、末尾の改行を「食べて」ディレクティブの痕跡を抹消できるのである。実際この dnl は超強力なので次のように置換テキストの中に「 dnl」が入っていたとしても、
define ( `X ', `test dnl test ' ) dnl X → test test
のように有効になる。これは要するにマクロ展開が展開されたテキスト自身に対しても更に展開を続ける、という性格からこうなるわけだ。勿論こうすると「dnl」の文字を出力できるのは言うまでもないが...
define ( `X ', `test `dnl ' test ' ) dnl X → test dnl test
また、テキストとして include とか define とかを含むテキストを処理する場合には、これが m4 のディレクティブとして扱われると大変困る。これを回避するためには起動オプションを使う。起動する際に 「 % m4 - P some.c」という風に 「- P」オプション（あるいは -- prefix - builtins オプション）を使えば、すべての組み込みディレクティブに対して、それが「m4_」の付いた名前であるとされる。これを使うと m4 で処理したものに何か加工したあとで、更に m4 で処理させるなんて技も使える。
少し具体的なケースを検討しよう。m4 はＣ言語ヘッダファイルを処理できるか、という問題である。cpp
の処理とバッティングしないか、ということを検討するのである。これは結論を言ってしまえば、バッティングしない。なぜなら良くできたもので、cpp
とバッティングする可能性のあるディレクティブ「include,define,ifdef（だけではなくて多くのディレクティブ）」は、すべて引数を取らない場合にはディレクティブとして扱われないのである。しかし、ちょっと注意すべきことがある。それはコメントである。次のようなＣ言語ヘッダを処理するとしよう。
#include MYHEADER ifdef ( `X ' , `#define ` X ' X ' , `#define ` X ' 10 ' )
なんとなく、 「 % m4 - DMYHEADER ='< stdio.h >'
- DX=3」というようなコマンドラインで処理できそうな気がする。しかし、これは失敗する。
% m4 - DMYHEADER ='< stdio.h >'
- DX=3 header.h #include MYHEADER # define `X ' X
あれれ、展開しないぞ！ 賢明な読者は察するだろうが、 「 # 」 が m4 のコメントとして扱われるために、「#」で始まる cpp のディレクティブ行はマクロ展開しないのだ！
これを回避するためには、頭に一行コメント変更をいれておく必要がある。
changecom ( , ) #include MYHEADER ifdef ( `X ' , `# define ` X ' X ' , `#define ` X ' 10 ' )
こうすれば、見事 cpp ディレクティブ内部もちゃんと展開し、思った通りの出力になるのである。この時、「#include」の行は最初からコメントなので間違いにくいが、出力テキストの中で「#define」とやっている部分は見落としやすい。ちょっと注意が必要である。
% m4 - DMYHEADER ='< stdio.h >'
- DX=3 header.h # include < stdio.h > # define X 3
あと、マクロ名を構成する文字さえも、実は入れ替えることもできる。しかし、これは「実験的な仕様」なので、GNU m4 でもそれなりのオプションをつけてコンパイルし直さないと、使えない。だから、この仕様の解説は飛ばそう。凄い仕様だな....
組み込み文字列処理関数
GNU のツールっていうと、文字列処理関数がエラく充実している傾向がある。たとえば
GNU
Make の文字列処理関数なんて、皆さんもきっと使ったことがあろうな。要するにそういう内部関数用ライブラリを、GNUは作って持っているんだろう。というわけで、m4
にも数多くの文字列処理関数がある。これらは基本的に
GNU m4 の拡張であり、クラシックな m4 には存在しない。が、使えば便利なものであることは言うまでもない。
まず、正規表現置換をする組み込み関数 patsubst だ。これは次の構文で使う。
patsubst ( 対象文字列 , 正規表現 , 置換文字列 )
第３引数を与えなければ、一致部分が削除される。やや厄介なことに、m4
の正規表現は emacs の正規表現である。emacs の正規表現は結構クセがあるので、通常の sed や awk の正規表現と違う特徴を列挙しよう。これらは要するに、「語」という単位があることに因るものである。
\< が語の先頭を表す。同様に \> は語の末尾を表す。だから、単語を「*」で囲むようにするためには次のようにする。 define ( `X ', `this is a pen ' ) patsubst ( patsubst ( X , `\ <' ,*) , `\ >' ,*) → * this * * is* *a* * pen* これはもっと簡単に出来る。\b を使えば良いのである。これは語の先頭あるいは末尾を表す。 define ( `X ', `this is a pen ' ) patsubst ( X , `\b ' , * ) また、 「 語を構成する文字( [ 0 - 9a - zA - Z_ ] ) 」を表すのが \w だ。だから、これはこうも書ける。この時「 \& 」が一致部分を表すシンボルとして置換文字列の中で使われていることに注意。 define ( `X ', `this is a pen ' ) patsubst ( X , `\w + ',*\&*)
次に translit 組み込み関数は、tr ( 1 ) みたいなノリで、字単位の置換をする。
translit ( 対象文字列 , 対象字種 , 置換字種 )
つまり、大文字を小文字に変換するのだと次の通り。
define ( `X ' , `this is a pen ' ) translit ( X , `a - z ' , `A - Z ' ) → THIS IS A PEN
また、regexp 組み込み関数は、正規表現一致の部分だけを抜きだしている。だから、これを使って文字列をバラすことができるのである。これを使うと合わせ技で字の頭だけを大文字化することもできる。
define ( `X ' , `this is a pen ' ) define ( `_capitalize ' , `regex p ( `$ 1 ' , `\ ( \w\ ) \( \w*\ ) ' , `translit ( ` \1 ' , `a - z ' , `A - Z ' ) ' ` \ 2 ' ) ' ) define( `capitalize ' , `patsubst ( `$ 1 ' , `\w + ' , `_capitalize ( \& ) ' ) ' ) capitalize ( X ) →
This Is A Pen
ちょっくら複雑だが、要するに capitalize マクロは patsubst を使って単語毎に切り分けをして下請けの _capitalize マクロを呼び出す。_capitalize マクロの引数 $ 1 は、バラされた単語であり、これを regexp が最初の一文字 （
\1）とそれ以降 （ \2）にバラす。だから、最初の１文字（\1）だけ、translit によって大文字化する。そういうノリで書かれたマクロである。この時、regexp が \( ... \) によって部分一致文字列を指定でき、その参照が登場順に \ 1 , \ 2 , ... などで出来ることに注意（まあ、これは awk とか sed とかでもオナジミの機能だ ...）。
まあ、その他にもこのカテゴリには len とか、index とか、substr とかがある。これらは perl とか使い慣れてりゃ名前から判るよな。まあ、相対的に重要度が劣るので、これらは適当に試して見たまえ。
その他
大体こんなところで、フツーに使う機能は終りだ。勿論、シェルを実行して結果を取り込む esyscmd とか計算をさせる eval とかあるが、これらは具体的なところで使ってみて憶えるものだ。まあ、そんな具合で結構仕様がテンコ盛りだということは御理解頂けたと思う。まあ、繰り返しにはなるが、m4 は cpp みたいな阿呆なマクロプロセッサとは違って、どんなケースでも使えるようにうまく考えてある汎用プロセッサなのである。ちょっとしたスクリプトから高度な置換をするものまで、応用範囲はメッチャ広いものであることをプログラマ諸氏に御理解頂くために、これを書いたようなものだ。まあ、使ってみてね。どうせあなたのUNIXには必ずあるんだから...
copyright by K.Sugiura , 1996 - 2006
i actually did n't crop the sides at all , just the top and bottom to make it widescreen , the piece of mirror that I have is unfortunately only so large , thank you for the comment
Image via Wikipedia
As TweakGuide ’s examination of piracy continues , he takes a look at some of the numbers around file - sharing for each platform and find correlations from there .
I will not attempt to dispute the numbers themselves , even though one can make some very valid criticisms about his methodologies which many went ahead and did here .
The reason there is no point is disputing the numbers is firstly because it ’s the impression that game companies have of the numbers ( and that would be similar to the author ’s ) and also because I ’ll attempt to show that even when the numbers stand , it ’s his analysis of what they mean that is flawed .
The reason for this is that TweakGuide does not seems to realize that the dynamics of the crowd of PC gaming are not the same as of consoles or how those dynamics change when these two overlap .
Before one can analyze the situation , they need to recognise the difference in demographics between those two markets and how it affects puchasing behaviour and the rate of perceived piracy .
Here ’s what we need to consider
PCs are proliferated all over the world
The fact of the matter is that not all the world has such a big middle and upper - middle class as the USA has , and this means a few things .
First there quite a lot of PCs that are capable of gaming but not purchased explicitly for this purpose .
It ’s quite often that a family will have a PC purchased for the use of everyone ( business , online shopping , social networking , studies etc ) which can then easily be turned into a gaming - capable machine by the simply addition of a decent graphic card .
Since the need for such a PC can very often be necessary ( say for business or school ) it ’s something prioritized over an explicitly gaming console , plus it ’s not out of the budget of most families , even in developing nations .
This means that quite a few people who want to game have primarily access to a PC rather than a console .
However most of those people are not wealthy enough to purchase games to go with it .
Especially teenagers which are on a limited budget but have an insatiable appetite for new games , not to mention for playing whatever their friends are , are left with the only option to pirate .
Usually this is done locally and not via Downloads , although with the proliferation of high - bandwidth lines even in poorer nations , this is changing .
Think of it like this , if you have a PC at home only and enough money to buy the latest - greatest game per month , would you give up all the other games ?
Even when salivating adverts about them are all around you ?
That is exacerbated even more when we consider that nations outside the 1st world have far smaller incomes while the prices of games do not tend to drop accordingly .
This forces gamers to turn even more starkly towards piracy as a means of getting their gaming fix .
This is only to be expected as price is indeed the main reason most turning to file - sharing and not the infantile argument anti-piracy lobbyists use of “ they are just immoral free riders ” .
This is the reason why piracy is largest in the more cash - strapped nations in general .
What I mean to show by all this is that the reasons PCs by far lead the numbers in piracy is because there ’s far more PCs available in the poorer countries than consoles and because they are poorer and cannot afford the exorbitant prices of PC Games , they turn to piracy .
Thus the numbers of downloads we see are representative of the fact that people download all around the world and not just from the developed nations and primarily for the PC .
Consoles are primarily owned by those with spare income
While a PC is becoming more and more of a necessity in everyday life due to the increasing importance of online communication and services , consoles are instead becoming more and more of a luxury .
It has always been the case that the console itself was cheap because it was making the money up via the license for the games sold but the recent consoles have not only steadily increased in price by themselves ( to the point where you can get an OK gaming PC for a comparable price ) but in order to take full advantage of their capabilities , you currently also need an HD TV , which relatively few can afford .
Originally things were different of course , when the first and second generation of consoles was coming out , PC were still quite expensive and not a lot of people had one at all .
Thus to get a complete PC for gaming , including a monitor and peripherals could rise up to the thousands .
A console OTOH required a few hundred in investment and you could plug it in your TV .
It was a cheaper solution , especially in a time when piracy was not as easy or widespread .
Roles now seem to have reversed somewhat , or at worst equalized .
A Console along with peripherals and a few new games can easily take you to half a grand ( and that ’s by being generous and using current console prices ) , and if you include an HDTV in the mix , you quickly fly over a grand .
As weird as it may seem to those of you still living in a comfortable middle - class bubble , not many can afford this .
An expenditure like this , can easily take up the whole recreation budget some have for the whole year .
As a result , those who do get such setups , are also the ones who can afford to buy games legally just as well .
And this shows in the rates of piracy of course .
Where Demographics collide
Of course , there ’s a very big section of people who own both a gaming - capable PC and one or more consoles at the same time and here , the things get even more interesting .
Certainly someone who can afford two or more gaming stations has spare income to be buying games legally in the first place .
Someone who gets a console is more than likely to get it as his “ legal ” and hassle - free gaming station since they also have the benefit that games just work out of the box and they do n’t ever have to wonder about virii , serials and DRM , or their OS breaking .
Of course the PC could still be used to be able to play those types of games that just do n’t work that well on a console .
If that person also happens to be a hardcore gamer who enjoys playing a lot of different games , it ’s quite possible that he ’ll reach time , if not money constraints at some point .
Now if that person is to pirate ( To be able to play the game as a demo or simply to save money , ) where do you think he would do it ?
Would he take his console to be chipped and risk getting discovered and losing access to many of the features of his console ?
( eg. multiplayer , warranty etc ) , or would he download the PC version which requires very little effort and risk to get working ?
I think we all know the answer to that .
Thus , even though it ’s the same person doing the pirating , and even though this piracy may eventually lead to a console sale ( if he likes it enough to play it legally , or on a nice HD TV ) , the PC piracy gets inflated once more and talks about “ economic loss ” are once again brought up .
PC Gamers are more demanding
Finally one thing that deserves notice in order to understand why the PC Game piracy is higher is the increased demands of the users of this platform .
You see PC gaming had always different and more open standards than console gaming and this grew out of the nature of each platform .
Consoles , from the begging have been extremely locked - down and locked - in , even to the point of special custom cartidges incompatible with anything else , modifications to the games adding extra value where practically impossible to make or distribute and in general user freedom was curtailed .
This was counterbalanced with hassle - free gaming , low learning curves and initial low costs ( i.e. if one does not take into account the increased costs of games . )
As such , they tended to attract the kind of user who would be quite willing to sacrifice freedom for convenience .
“ I know my machine could do so much more , but I do n’t personally care for them so I wo n’t demand it . ”
On the other hand , The hackable nature of the PC allowed customization and expansion of games and empowered users to add extra value , far beyond the original .
Furthermore , because PC multiplayer was inherently tied to the rise of the internet ( as opposed to the living room split - screen in the case of consoles ) it also inherited many of the aspects of the distributed , decentralized and free nature of the net .
Thus individual servers for FPS , planets , modding communities , balance patches , and of course the more novel , demanding and complex games .
All of this meant that the PC gamer had and still generally has quite high standards on what he should be able to do with stuff he is using .
The rise in popularity of Free Software and of the more customer - focused companies has only served to increase their expectations .
So when a company attempts to introduce console mentality into the PC market , it is only natural that it faces a backlash which becomes only more intense if and when the company does an action which the PC gaming community opposes vocally .
This can easily be seen by the classic by now example of Spore which instated draconian DRM and delivered a sub - par game , based on the notion that marketing alone was enough to carry them through .
The most recent example was of course CoDMW2 which removed the ability for custom servers , something which they were warned would create a strong backlash .
And so it did as the game soon became the most pirated game of 2009 within a few months .
Not simply because it was good or popular , but also because PC gamers , quite explicitly , did it as a punishing act .
Look at the rest of the top pirated games of 2008 or 2009 and you ’ll notice the same trend .
The top games are those which are released for both PC and console and if anything include many options that PC gamers are not fans of .
Restrictive DRMs , Missing basic features , Console - based control systems or setup , DLC - focused etc .
This should point out the principled basis for this kind of piracy .
It ’s not based on simply wanting to get a game for free , but rather on the wish of PC gamers to make companies understand that their actions are unpopular .
Unfortunately companies choose to interpret this a different way .
Bringing it all together
How does this all affect the arguments of TweakGuide ?
He ’s basically saying that because of the disparity in the ratio of piracy to legal PC games and piracy to legal Console games , PC game developers are starting to switch their efforts to consoles and even making them their primary development platform .
Accordingly we ’re either going to stop seeing as many big - budget games for the PC , or they ’re going to be developed with consoles in mind and therefore lose in quality , performance or taking advantage of the PC capabilities .
This is of course a bad move for their part as they are only going to worsen their sales and piracy , not increase them , and this of course will further exacerbate the issue , leading to them publishing even worse PC games , leading to more piracy and less sales etc etc .
You see , those who make the majority of pirates , the ones who simply cannot afford the huge prices for games , will not suddenly discover the money to buy a console .
They will simply keep looking for the highest quality game they can get for free or for a price they can afford .
If the big budget titles move exclusively to consoles , then they ’ll simply wo n’t get them and settle for the indie and open source alternatives .
If the big budget titles remove features and worsen the customization , the free or low cost alternatives are simply going to look as a better thing to play .
The poor are simply incapable of getting more money for games .
Naturally this means that those gaming companies have shot themselves in the foot since even the poor will shell out some money if you give them a reason to buy and the correct price .
If you are not willing to do it for fear of losing control , then someone else will .
Whatever happens , you ’re not going to be making money out of them but rather facilitating others to doing so .
On the other hand , by focusing all their energy on consoles instead , they will start to over - saturate an already full market .
Console gamers may have more disposable income but they are relatively few and have only so much time they can spend on gaming .
Start churning out more games for the consoles and you ’ll quickly find out that it ’s the sales per individual game which start to suffer while you ’ve now lost all income from the PC market .
Sure , some PC gamers will switch to consoles so that they may play the big budget and exclusives but only the ones who can afford to in the first place .
I doubt it will be a significant amount .
For those who have already both a gaming rig and a console , not much will change .
At best they ’ll switch to playing free games , or those who are given at an appropriate price for their value , or they ’ll simply chip their console or buy a secondary chipped one so that they may keep pirating for demos or gratis .
If anything , console piracy will increase .
And finally , those who are simply demanding of the stuff their games provide , of the modding capacity and the free support and quality service , if anything this will drive them even further away from console - type games and they will turn instead of those companies who know to give them what they expect .
Companies such as Valve and Stardock and Runic and Blizzard .
And if those alternatives are not enough , perhaps they ’ll finally discover the possibilities of Free Software .
The large companies may think they ’re protecting their interests and punishing a disloyal crowd , but their inability to understand their demographics is only going to hurt them in the long run .
Naturally they wo n’t realize this as it ’s nice to be able to say that the percentage of piracy is low , even while your total profits are lower .
After all , they are misguided enough to whine about piracy hurting them … while recording record sales year after year .
Spread the love : Email
Reddit
More
Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Tumblr
Reddit Share 0 Shares
Contact : Lynn Yarris ( 510 ) 486-5375 , [ email protected ]
With the passage of a molecule through the labyrinth of a chemical system being so critical to catalysis and other important chemical processes , computer simulations are frequently used to model potential molecule / labyrinth interactions .
In the past , such simulations have been expensive and time - consuming to carry out , but now researchers with the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory ( Berkeley Lab ) have developed a new algorithm that should make future simulations easier and faster to compute , and yield much more accurate results .
“ Currently the major limiting factor in running molecular simulations for a large number of structures before they can be screened for useful materials is the need to visually analyze the structures to set up successful simulations , ” says Maciej Haranczyk , a computational chemist and a 2008 Glenn T. Seaborg Fellow in Berkeley Lab ’s Computational Research Division .
“ With our approach , such structural analysis can be done automatically , which speeds up the whole process of material screening . ”
Haranczyk is co-author of a paper that appears in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences entitled : “ Navigating molecular worms inside chemical labyrinths . ”
The other author of this paper is James Sethian , who heads the Mathematics Group of Berkeley Lab ’s Computational Research Division , and is also a professor in the Mathematics Department of the University of California , Berkeley .
A key to the success of this new algorithm was its departure from the traditional treatment of molecules as hard spheres with fixed radii .
Instead , Haranczyk and Sethian constructed “ molecular worms ” from blocks connected by flexible links .
These molecular worms provide a more realistic depiction of a molecule ’s geometry , thereby providing a more accurate picture of how that molecule will navigate through a given chemical labyrinth , as Sethian explains .
“ In practice , most molecules of interest , even the simplest solvents or gases , rarely have a spherical shape , and treating molecules as such may lead to errors , ” he says .
“ Our molecular worms are able to change shape during the traversing of a chemical labyrinth , which allows them to reach areas not accessible to either a single large spherical probe or a rigid real - shape probe .
This significantly extends the range of probes and structures that can be efficiently examined . ”
As a molecule navigates through a chemical system , its access to a particular site or place within that system determines the extent to which catalysis and other chemical reactions may occur .
Many of these critical sites are either buried in clefts , pockets or hidden cavities , or else represent channel systems .
The accessible volume of a chemical system – the free volume available to a penetrating molecule – is also critical to the system ’s physical properties , including diffusion , viscosity and electrical conductivity .
Predicting whether a molecule will be able to traverse through a given chemical labyrinth is the first question that a simulation must answer , followed by identifying the shortest transverse route , finding the largest probe that can transverse though the system , and calculating accessible volume .
“ The required calculations become quite expensive as one needs to include interactions of all the atoms of the penetrating molecule with all the atoms in the labyrinth , and this procedure has to be repeated at every step of the simulation , ” Haranczyk says .
“ Additionally , in molecular dynamics only one trajectory per molecule is investigated .
Since a penetrating molecule can be bouncing off the walls of a system before it finds a way out , mapping accessible volume in a chemical labyrinth may require the running of a very long simulation to actually see the molecule moving through . ”
Haranczyk , looking to automate the process by which the void spaces of porous materials are analyzed , had an idea for a probe that would walk through the inside a material and map it .
Sethian had been working on mathematic techniques that can be used in robotic navigations and path planning , as well as a host of algorithms for computing geometries in complex settings .
“ What ’s exciting here is to bring together two disparate worlds to build a new technology ” says Sethian .
The two scientists pooled their expertise to develop the molecular worm algorithm , which they first tested on a zeolite material .
Zeolites are microporous minerals that have been widely used since the late 1950s as chemical catalysts , membranes for separations , and water softeners .
They are especially useful as alkane - cracking catalysts in oil refinement .
“ There are 190 zeolite structures known to exist today , but they constitute only a very small fraction of the 2.5 million structures that are feasible on theoretical grounds , ” Haranczyk says .
“ The development of a database of hypothetical zeolite structures has long been regarded as an important step toward designer catalysts as it could , in principle , be screened for zeolites of any property .
However , brute - force screening of all possible zeolite structures through molecular dynamics characterization is computationally infeasible , hence the need for rapid triaging based on an initial analysis of various properties . ”
The successful testing of the molecular worm algorithm on a typical alkane - cracking zeolite opens an immediate door to its use in screening for new zeolites as well as a wide variety of other porous materials .
The algorithm should also prove valuable in the search for materials that can capture carbon emissions before they enter the atmosphere .
With further refinements , it could also one day be applied to proteins , especially enzymes .
“ Being at the frontier of science and solving a very complex problem that has not been addressed before is always very exciting , ” Haranczyk says .
Berkeley Lab is a U.S. Department of Energy national laboratory located in Berkeley , California .
It conducts unclassified scientific research for DOE ’s Office of Science and is managed by the University of California .
Visit our Website at www.lbl.gov/
Additional Information
Read more about Berkeley Lab ’s Computational Research Division here : http://crd.lbl.gov
Read more about the Berkeley Lab Mathematics Group here : http://math.lbl.gov/
Read more about James Sethian ’s research group here : www.math.berkeley.edu/~sethian
Scientists have brewed beer from barley grown in space .
Samplers gave the beverage thumbs up , although there was no difference in the grain 's color , size or protein content from that of earth - grown barley .
The barley was grown in the International Space Station as part of a five - month joint experiment by the Russian Academy of Science , Okayama University and Sapporo , a Japanese beer company .
Si x-pack sets of the space beer , priced at around US $ 115 each , will be sold to 250 interested buyers who will be selected by lottery .
All proceeds will go to a children 's educational science charity in Japan and Russia .
Although the beer will not be seen on future space mission menus due to its alcohol and gas content , it will do some good on earth .
America ’s gay soldiers have a unique struggle on their hands :
Whether to hide or be open about their sexuality , and invite the risks and rewards that come along with that decision .
But Afghanistan ’s “ gay ” soldiers have a different battle : Despite regularly having sex with other men and shunning women , many of these male soldiers refuse to identify as gay .
Which can get in the way of , say , preventing STDs .
You need only watch the CNN clip below , where three gay American troops speak of the need to repeal Do n’t Ask Do n’t Tell , to understand the difficulties of being gay in the U.S. armed forces .
For these Afghan soldiers , however , having sex regularly with other men is no big deal .
Just do n’t call them gay .
An unclassified study from a military research unit in southern Afghanistan details how homosexual behavior is unusually common among men in the large ethnic group known as Pashtuns — though they seem to be in complete denial about it .
That ’s what a new unclassified study of Pashtun men reveals .
These men “ admire other men physically , have sexual relationships with boys and shun women both socially and sexually — yet they completely reject the label of ‘ homosexual . ’
The research was conducted as part of a longstanding effort to better understand Afghan culture and improve Western interaction with the local people .
The research unit , which was attached to a Marine battalion in southern Afghanistan , acknowledged that the behavior of some Afghan men has left Western forces ‘ frequently confused . ’
The report details the bizarre interactions a U.S. Army medic and her colleagues had with Afghan men in the southern province of Kandahar .
In one instance , a group of local male interpreters had contracted gonorrhea anally but refused to believe they could have contracted it sexually — ‘ because they were not homosexuals . ’
Apparently , according to the report , Pashtun men interpret the Islamic prohibition on homosexuality to mean they cannot ‘ love ’ another man — but that does n’t mean they ca n’t use men for ‘ sexual gratification . ’ …
The U.S. army medic also told members of the research unit that she and her colleagues had to explain to a local man how to get his wife pregnant .
The report said : ‘ When it was explained to him what was necessary , he reacted with disgust and asked , ‘ How could one feel desire to be with a woman , who God has made unclean , when one could be with a man , who is clean ?
Surely this must be wrong . '”
To many , that ’s not logic , but fiction .
But to conclude as much would be to ignore Afghan culture and tradition , and the gross lack of education about sex .
Two men who have sex with each other , as any Big Love viewer knows , do n’t necessarily call themselves “ gay . ” ( See : Downlow phenomenon . )
But what they are doing is , of course , a gay act .
But we ’re not going to pass judgment :
We know how good it feels to get your rocks off with someone of the same sex , and if you need to get through the day without calling yourself a fag , so be it .
This morning , this message popped up on Bloomberg :
" MARKET NEWS SAYS 'RUMORS ' ARE JAPAN MAY TELL OF PLANNED SALE "
Said sale in question is rumored to be a U.S. Treasury sell off by the Japanese government .
Adding fuel to the fire is the U.S. and the Federal Reserve .
Today , the Fed conducted a reverse repo ( repurchase ) test that could help with the Japanese UST sale .
On the other hand , this would n't seem to jibe with reports that the country 's main concern is the rising yen .
If anything , you 'd think they'd be snapping up more treasuries .
So something is amiss .
The Houston Chronicle reports Japan could be selling off as much as $ 100 billion worth of treasuries .
State officials have fined 13 California hospitals for medical errors that in some cases killed or seriously injured patients , according to a report made public Wednesday .
California Department of Public Health officials have required hospital officials -- who may appeal the fines -- to submit plans to correct the problems .
Three hospitals in Los Angeles County face penalties .
Los Angeles Community Hospital in Norwalk was fined $ 50,000 in connection with the death of a patient in May who was supposed to be restrained and supervised , but was instead left to repeatedly pull out his tracheotomy tube until he was found unresponsive in his bed .
Hospital staff referred questions to spokeswoman Ellen Shin , who did not return calls .
California Hospital Medical Center was fined $ 50,000 after a medical resident in the emergency room misdiagnosed a woman in March with an ectopic pregnancy .
The woman was not pregnant and the chemotherapy drugs she was treated with suppressed her immune system and caused mouth , throat and skin sores .
The hospital has since restricted residents ’ access to the drug and required pharmacy staff to closely monitor how the drug is dispensed .
“ We responded to the incident appropriately , reported it promptly and took long - term corrective action in a timely manner , ” said Katreena Salgado , a hospital spokeswoman .
Marina del Rey Hospital was fined $ 25,000 after intensive care nurses failed to monitor a woman ’s oxygen levels in March 2007 ; the patient passed out and had to be placed on a ventilator .
In Orange County , three hospitals were each fined $ 50,000 .
St. Jude Medical Center in Fullerton was fined in connection with the death of a patient treated in the emergency room for a heart attack in February .
Investigators found nurses failed to notice that the man ’s heart monitor had disconnected .
Chief Medical Officer Michael Marino released a statement Wednesday saying an internal investigation showed the volume on the patient ’s heart monitor alarm was not loud enough to alert staff .
He said the hospital has since added engineering controls for the monitors , and checked the alarms and staff training .
The hospital does not plan to appeal , a spokeswoman said .
Western Medical Center in Santa
Ana faced its second fine in the last year after staff left a surgical sponge in a patient in March .
She got sick and had to undergo a second operation .
At Hoag Memorial Hospital in Newport Beach , investigators found a patient on a metal gurney was sucked in by an MRI machine ’s magnetic force in January 2009 , fracturing her leg and foot .
It was the hospital ’s third penalty in the last two years .
The hospital ’s chief executive , Dr. Richard Afable , said the staff was retrained and the hospital does not plan to appeal the fine .
In Riverside County , John F. Kennedy Memorial Hospital in Indio got four $ 25,000 fines for failing to monitor patients and medication in 2008 .
The state has issued 134 fines since they were first required by law in January 2007 , said Kathleen Billingsley , deputy director of the department ’s Center for Health Care Quality .
In all , 90 hospitals have been fined and the state has collected $ 2.3 million .
Twenty - two of the fines have been appealed , Billingsley said .
molly.hennessy-fiske@latimes.com
Climate Science , Awareness and Solutions Program
Earth Institute
Columbia University
475 Riverside Drive ( Room 401-O )
New York , NY 10115 USA
E-mail : jeh1@columbia.edu
Dr. Hansen periodically posts commentary on his recent papers and presentations and on other topics of interest to an e-mail list .
To receive announcements of new postings , please click here .
On the webpage " Updating the Climate Science : What Path is the Real World Following ? " , Drs. Makiko Sato and James Hansen update figures in the book Storms of My Grandchildren ( see LA Times review ) and present updated graphs and discussion of key quantities that help provide understanding of how climate change is developing and how effective or ineffective global actions are in affecting climate forcings and future climate change .
A few errata in Storms are also provided .
in Recent News
June 23 , 2018
New York Times : Gillis , A Prophet of Doom Was Right About the Climate
June 20 , 2018
New Yorker : Kolbert , Listening to James Hansen on Climate Change , Thirty Years Ago and Now
Yale Climate Connections : Sinclair , Judgment on Hansen 's ' 88 climate testimony : ' He was right ' [ Video ]
June 19 , 2018
Guardian : Milman , Ex - Nasa scientist : 30 years on , world is failing ' miserably ' to address climate change
June 18 , 2018
PHYS ORG : Borenstein , James Hansen wishes he was n't so right about global warming
April 23 , 2018
Washington Post : Mooney ,
One of the most worrisome predictions about climate change may be coming true
July 28 , 2017
New York Times : Popovich & Pearce , It 's Not Your Imagination .
Summers Are Getting Hotter
→ Go to older news articles
It is amazing what you find when you pull back the PR spin from public facade of the AGW crowd and they become honest about the global warming canard .
In my previous post I discovered Jim Hansen of NASA GISS noting the US temperature data is so noisy ( yet it is the most accurate , most measured in the world ) that you cannot pull any conclusions from it , and basically the 1930 ’s and 2000 ’s are statistically the same temperature !
I thought that was a pretty stunning admission .
Until I read further into the email trail up and Judicial Watch ( page 71 of 215 ) and discovered this from August 15 , 2007 ( click to enlarge )
The email is from Reto Ruedy at GISS , one of Hansen ’s top analysts .
It is a headline worthy admission .
There is no evidence of CO2 driven global warming in any of the US temp data – even though we are accused of being the CO2 generating capitol of the world .
What ’s more , they do not expect to see any evidence of AGW in the US for 2 - 4 more decades !
I think we could afford to wait a little longer to see if this theory holds up .
And yet , without ANY evidence of AGW active in the US , Americans are supposed to cripple our economy and shell out billions in tax dollars ?
How could AGW be evident everywhere else but not here in the great CO2 producing center of all human kind ?
These “ NASA ” scientists are admitting they have never yet measured any global warming in the US outside natural causes .
Stop the Presses !
The Russian government has spent over a decade seeking to do away with this lingering vestige of post - Soviet misery .
In the latest attempt , the government imposed an open - ended ban on American chicken imports that started Tuesday , ostensibly because United States companies had failed to adhere to new food safety regulations .
Representatives from both countries began talks on Tuesday in Moscow in an attempt to resolve the dispute , though neither side seemed prepared to make concessions .
The move might cause poultry prices here to spike , but there was nevertheless a tinge of national pride last week when Prime Minister Vladimir V. Putin told Russian poultry producers that Russia was no longer dependent on Bush legs .
“ Unfortunately , among many of our partners  and above all I mean companies from the United States  we still do not see a readiness to observe our standards , ” he said .
“ If some of our foreign suppliers do not want or are not in a position to fulfill our safety requirements , then we will use other sources . ”
This has no doubt unnerved American producers , who gained a foothold in the Russian market in the early 1990s , in part , their Russian critics say , by swamping Russian producers with cheap chicken .
Since then , Russian officials have angered American producers and officials with a raft of restrictions and quotas meant to help domestic producers .
Following declarations yesterday that the Obama Administration had decided the end of the year was a new “ deadline ” for Iran to comply with its assorted and not altogether clear demands , the nation is pushing for more sanctions .
And wasting no time , administration officials are said to be looking to the January 1 change in UN Security Council membership as the date to introduce new sanctions against Iran .
Russia and China , the two permanent members of the Security Council most often in opposition to the assorted anti-Iran sanctions pushed by the West , are said to be warming to the latest push .
Exactly what the terms of the sanctions will be remains to be sorted out , but given the massive sanctions already in place the options are relatively limited .
Still , the sanctions will likely push Iran further from dialogue over its nuclear program .
I love Segways , I love dogs , and I love my Prius's .
I have owned 7 Prius 's and never asked for nor got a discount on one .
I love showing people photos of how I drove 416 miles to San Diego and got 54.1 mpg once .
So of course I accepted the offer of 2 companies I use and like , the other being the one that has repaired my Prius 's on ocassion ( no more need be said ) .
The first car commercial small payment went to a charity they selected , the second to one I selected .
You can also pay money for my autograph from my web site .
I am not the sort of person to stoop to this , so why do I do it ?
Because a woman approached me with the plan and I liked her being such an entrepreneur and she probably does n't have much money and this is a way to make some .
Heidi keeps all the money from that and I 'm very glad to be able to help her .
It 's one of those funny accidents of life .
I also filmed a reality TV show , one episode , last week .
I was told that a 7 - year old had me as a hero and I showed up to surprise him .
But the 3 hours I spent with him and his family afterwards was the really important thing .
I 'm glad to enjoy life and do what I want , and I try to be an example to others to do the same .
Next car commercial I may do the worm in .
Transcript :
One day at Guantanamo ...
Man : I was a taxi driver !
I 'm innocent !
I never did ...
Man 2 : Yeah , yeah ... take this P.O.S. unperson terrorist out back shoot his Muslim as - Man 3 : Stop everything !
Mr. Ghailani is a registered Delaware corporation !!
In accordance with citizens united v. federal election commission 08-205 , corporations are people .... people with rights !
Exhibit A : my client 's certificate of incorporation !
Man 4 : " Jihad ' R' Us , Inc. " ?
Man 2 : This is n't a guy ... this guy is a man !
Let him loose !
Man 2 : You owe me $ 50 for the filing fee .
Let freedom ring for abstract legal entities !
Bergeron 's epitaph for the planet , I remember , which he said should be carved in big letters in a wall of the Grand Canyon for the flying - saucer people to find , was this :
WE COULD HAVE SAVED IT
BUT WE WERE TOO DOGGONE CHEAP
Only he did n't say ' doggone . ' "
In the banking industry in 2009 , the rich got richer -- which has , of course , infuriated much of the nation .
But that same basic idea , mostly minus the public infuriation factor , is playing out across the business world .
The Great Recession has killed untold numbers of small firms , many of which were unable to line up financing to keep their operations afloat .
But money is no problem at all for corporate America .
And the biggest businesses do n’t need banks , at least not for loans .
As the credit crisis has eased , they ’ve been able to turn to the welcoming arms of the bond market .
Recessions always are about the weak falling away while the strong survive .
But this time around , the credit crunch has remained so severe for smaller firms that the advantage has been magnified for the major companies that have unfettered access to cash via bond sales .
Issuance of high - quality ( i.e. , investment - grade ) bonds reached a record $ 2.83 trillion worldwide last year , a stunning 38 % jump from 2008 , according to data tracker Dealogic .
Although governments were heavy borrowers , about half of that total raised was by big - name companies .
Who helped make the corporate rich even richer ?
You did -- if you ’re one of many Americans who pumped your savings into bond mutual funds .
An unprecedented $ 375 billion poured into bond funds in 2009 , providing a significant chunk of the capital that then flowed into newly issued bonds from companies such as General Electric Co. , Pfizer Inc. and Dow Chemical Co .
And like any symbiotic relationship , this one has no good reason to end .
While many investors now shun the stock market , their hunger for income may keep demand for corporate bonds strong in 2010 and beyond .
A bond is a promise to pay -- first , to pay a rate of interest each year , and second , to repay the investor ’s principal when the bond matures on a set date , if not before .
Understandably , after the financial markets ’ crash of 2008 , a promise to pay sounds a lot better to shell - shocked investors than taking a flier on a stock .
For a company like GE or Pfizer , bonds offer a way to raise large sums of cash at set interest rates .
Those rates were declining for much of 2009 as fear subsided in financial markets and as investors bid aggressively for fixed - income securities .
It is n’t just the Fortune 500 that can borrow through bonds , but this is n’t a market that ’s open to the millions of small firms that have been the most starved for credit over the last 18 months .
Last year , the massive sums raised from corporate bond sales allowed some companies to pay off bank loans or bonds previously issued at higher interest rates .
Others used the money to finance takeovers .
And some firms just built up their cash reserves to bolster their finances .
The amount of cash on the balance sheets of the industrial companies in the Standard & Poor ’s 500 index soared to a record $ 820 billion as of Sept. 30 from $ 647 billion a year earlier , according to S&P .
Because cash pays nothing , big companies should be feeling pressure to put those dollars to more productive use -- say , by expanding .
But we live in a still - struggling global economy that already has too much vacant office space and too many idled factories .
“ Who needs more capital goods or structures with 15 % excess capacity lurking in most economies ? ” said Carl Weinberg , chief economist at High Frequency Economics in Valhalla , N.Y .
Likewise , many big companies believe they have no need for additional workers , which is why double - digit unemployment has become the black cloud over the economic recovery of the last six months .
Yet even in the best of times , the Fortune 500 are n’t engines of job growth in the U.S.
“ Almost all of the new jobs and investment in any economy come from small companies morphing into larger ones , ” Weinberg notes .
“ If they get squeezed , the economy loses its dynamism . ”
That ’s one of the great long - term risks the U.S. faces from the corporate - rich - get - richer syndrome that bond investors are abetting .
If capital is being misallocated -- meaning , if its most productive use would be with smaller companies , except that they ca n’t get into the bond market and they ca n’t get loans from banks -- the economy can’t live up to its true potential .
While corporate titans benefited from the bond market ’s largess last year , many also have been reaping the rewards of the ruthless drive to reduce head count and slash other costs .
Even modest growth in sales now is falling directly to the bottom line .
The result : Fourth - quarter earnings reports from the S&P 500 index companies are coming in far above Wall Street analysts ’ expectations .
Of the 220 companies in the index that have reported results so far , 78 % have beaten estimates , according to data firm Thomson Reuters .
And on average , earnings have been 17 % above expectations -- a “ surprise ” factor that , if it holds up , would be the highest for any quarter since Thomson Reuters began tracking data in 1994 .
It could be that analysts , more than usual , are lowballing their estimates to make it easier for companies to post pleasant surprises .
Still , there ’s no question that earnings have improved dramatically for the biggest firms .
That profit rebound should be good news for stock prices , and it was for much of the last 10 months .
But the equity market has hit an air pocket over the last two weeks .
On Friday , the Dow Jones industrial average lost 53.13 points , or 0.5 % , to 10,067.33 , its lowest since Nov. 6 .
The Dow has slid 6.1 % from its 15 - month high of 10,725 on Jan. 19 .
Despite the government ’s report Friday that the economy expanded at a strong 5.7 % annualized rate in the fourth quarter , there are more questions now than even a few weeks ago about the sustainability of the recovery .
If those doubts grow , Wall Street could face another downdraft .
And if investors grow warier of stocks , they may turn in even greater numbers to the relative safety of high - quality corporate bonds .
One unusual twist in the bond market this year is that global investors may have reason to feel more secure in bonds of mega - companies than in bonds of some foreign governments .
This week , worries about Greece ’s dire fiscal situation also infected other Southern European countries .
Investors pushed yields on Greek , Portuguese and Spanish bonds sharply higher , a sign of eroding faith in the countries ’ creditworthiness .
Mark Kiesel , who manages the $ 6.5 - billion Pimco Investment Grade Corporate Bond mutual fund in Newport Beach , says he ’s betting that many high - quality corporate bonds will continue to attract investors looking for decent annualized yields -- in the 5 % to 7 % range -- and balance sheets strong enough to weather a still - rough economy .
“ Corporate America , ” Kiesel says , “ is a cash - flow machine . ”
That is n’t any solace to the unemployed , but it offers a level of comfort that is bond investors ’
No. 1 priority .
tom.petruno@latimes.com
Conan the Barbarian will be thieving , reaving and slaying on Netflix , as the streamer is developing a new series based on the classic Conan stories .
Read More »
Welcome , to your # 1 source for vintage hardware and antique lighting products on the web !
With over 30 years industry experience , our store has become the leading manufacturer and supplier of renovation hardware and lights .
When starting a new remodeling or renovation project , choosing the right supplier will define how your final result will look , feel , and cost .
You will find many vintage hardware sellers online , but only a small handful that are able to deliver outstanding quality , service , and price the way we can .
We provide our loyal customers with only the best in authentically crafted vintage hardware and light fixtures - NOT cheap imitations or mass - produced , " thin " so - called replicas .
As a matter of fact , the largest film and television companies in Hollywood trust Vintage Hardware & Lighting as their primary source for period hardware and lights when they need to capture the magic of 1850's to 1930 's style on the silver screen .
You can see a list of just some of the big productions our products have been in featured in here .
The White House , The Capital Building in Washington D.C. , and Walt Disney World
also feature some of our light and hardware products .
Our store also has one of the largest selections you will find anywhere online - from antique furniture hardware , and other renovation hardware - to antique chandeliers , light fixtures , glass shades , period switch plates , and more !
Most of our products can be custom delivered to you in several choices of finishes such as antiqued brass , nickel plated finish , oil - rubbed finish , and more .
Originally Posted by Austin Bike Originally Posted by
Basically the TSA started with contracted employees .
Then they were all brought into the government a few years ago .
The salaries did n't change and the strategy was not to raise the salaries or raise the wages , just to get hiring consistency .
Regardless of what they are getting paid today , the TSA 's goal is to provide the illusion of security , not provide actual security .
>> Review
Six years ago a friend of mine introduced me to death metal .
It was Opeth ’s Bleak , a 9 - minute opus that raped my ears with heavy guitars , technical drumming , and unpleasant growling .
At the time the roaring vocalist was too abrasive , but the intensity and layered wall of sound spoke to me .
The interest began as a curiosity , but after listening to more and more , the devil ’s claws dug in and I never looked back .
As time went on I explored the many genres of metal ; from the abrasive rush of thrash , to the technicality of death metal , and the operatic insanity of black metal .
Metal became my comfort food – it relaxed me , made the days at work pass more quickly , and provided the perfect soundtrack for racing games .
But not everyone can tolerate all that noise , and my ( now ex ) girlfriend bears those same sensitive ears I once had .
So as we shared music , I became more interested in artists like Phoenix , Grizzly Bear , Girltalk and Justice .
I slowly drifted away from my favorite genre .
The sounds of thumping double bass gave way to plucking acoustic guitars and pulsing electronica .
Gravelly , soul - crushing brutality was replaced with heartfelt lyrics of love and loss .
Maybe Metal was just a phase , maybe I had grown up a bit .
At least that ’s what I thought until Brutal Legend came along .
Double Fine ’s tribute to all things metal is not only one of the most charming games to come along since their last game , but it sports an epic , 70 + song soundtrack .
These songs are n’t just for the game ’s driving sections either .
They ’re thoughtfully crafted into moments of the story , hitting just the right notes at just the right moments .
The result : several perfect gaming moments – the kinds where interaction , visuals , and audio cues culminate to send chills down your spine .
But again , all the noise is n’t for everyone and neither is the gameplay .
Brutal Legend begins as a character action game but moves on to open - world driving and eventually strategy .
In fact , the entire single player game slowly feeds in elements of the multiplayer stage battles , working as a robust tutorial for what Double Fine always intended to be the meat of the game .
As the game moves on it dips deeper and deeper into a mix of action combat and RTS strategy that can feel a little daunting .
Taking it a step further and going online is akin to your first time learning a new board game .
It ’s foreign , it ’s different , and you should embrace it because it ’s excitingly fresh .
For me , the game clicked as I ran over the hills of one of the earlier single player missions – my chosen warriors , a squad of headbangers , ran by my side as I rushed into a crowd of hair metal punks .
It was a Braveheart moment wrapped up in great music and a backdrop of metal album art .
For others , the game may click elsewhere , or for some , not at all – that ’s just reality .
But its important to accept that this is n’t just some open - world adventure with spats of combat .
Brutal Legend ’s stage battles will force you to play something outside of your comfort zone – sometimes it ’ll be the game ’s fault , as it does n’t always ease you into new techniques , but sometimes you ’ll have to just stick with it .
And if you do , you ’ll eventually get that moment where everything clicks and the journey will feel worth the reward .
Why go to all this trouble ?
Well besides eventually taking your skills online , you ’ll also get an excellent story .
Each battle comes with a treat at the end : more insight into characters you ’ll actually care about .
The game stars Eddie Riggs , a roadie who ’s violently transported into a metal universe .
Disenchanted with the modern world of music , he seems to think this is actually pretty awesome .
And when he meets the adorably gothic Ophelia , a crush becomes a more legitimate reason to stick around .
You quickly learn the plight of Ophelia and her faction of old - school heavy metal headbangers , forced into labor by the hair - metal - inspired LionWhyte and the creepy , leather - clad lord of industrial metal , Doviculus .
Eddie joins the crew and from there it ’s your goal to free the slaves and rebel against LionWhyte .
With this task you ’re left to wander the land , a massive mix of doom and gloom and a rainbow of color .
Brutal Legend ’s environments are beautiful , epic , and filled with nooks and crannies .
It ’s just too bad there is n’t more to do in them .
Sidequests are quick and fun but comically repetitive , repeating the same exact objectives over a dozen times .
There ’s hidden collectibles too , but there ’s so many and you need so few to unlock all your abilities that the only incentive is the achievement .
At least , that ’s the only tangible incentive .
The thing is , as much as I look down on the lack of variety critically , I still had a blast driving around for hours trying to unlock everything .
The car controls , the soundtrack , and the art direction all make Brutal Legend fun to simply exist in well after the story has run its course .
That story is also so good it ’ll leave you pining for more .
The characterization combined with almost Pixar - caliber animation lends a lot of heart and charm to what is often a pretty dark story .
It ’s a fairy tale for the devil - horned crowd – one that leverages its epic , metal stylings for some truly emotional highs and lows .
I can honestly say I miss these characters , and I ’ll return to their land again and again just to hang out with them some more .
If there ’s any one major criticism I ’d level against the game it ’s that its multiplayer is not the highlight as originally intended .
It ’s there , it ’s fun , and it offers a ton of depth beyond the single - player , but it still feels ancillary .
In a world where Modern Warfare and Halo pull in the majority of the online community , Double Fine really needed to go above and beyond the call of duty , so to speak .
As it stands , it ’s just another mode , one that not enough people are going to play .
The actual gameplay is great , a completely unique hybrid of action and strategy with three factions to choose from .
Each faction offers several options and plays completely differently .
Plus the way their strengths and weaknesses play off of each other forces you to constantly learn and adapt , adding layers to your tactics as you face smarter opponents .
The bottom line is this : Brutal Legend is one of those troublesome divisive games that not everyone is going to love .
It has quirks and faults , but more than anything it ’s about as approachable as the music it glorifies .
In much the same way that I found metal to be a tough sell and eventually learned to love it , I had my initial misgivings about Brutal Legend and now I consider it one of the best games I ’ve played in years .
Davos is not the easiest place in the world to get to – four trains and a plane from London unless you drop in by Lear jet .
So it seems puzzling , if you are prime minister - in - waiting , to come all this way and then say nothing that can be reported .
About three dozen journalists made a fairly long trek through the snow at lunchtime to hear David Cameron being interviewed by Christine Ockrent , the former French TV anchor .
I counted at least a dozen editors , together with distinguished columnists and publishers from Europe , America , India and the Middle East .
But about five minutes in , Cameron announced it was all off - the - record .
I checked with Andy Coulson , his chief spokesman .
Yes , " Davos terms , " he confirmed .
I checked with the Davos big cheeses .
Cameron had insisted , they said .
The net result is that I can't tell you what he said .
I can tell you who was there , and I guess I can tell you what they asked .
In addition to Ockrent , there were four British editors ( Guardian , Telegraph , Times , FT ) .
Shekhar Gupta , editor of the Indian Express , was there , with other colleagues from India .
There was the publisher of the New York Times , Arthur Sulzberger Jr , Jacob Weisberg of Slate and Josef Joffe , publisher - editor of Die Zeit .
There were columnists from the NYT , Washington Post and several European countries .
What did we talk about ?
The coming election , class in Britain , multiculturalism , Afghanistan , Obama 's plans to clip the wings of the banks , extremist Islam , Europe , the internet , taxation , education , assisted dying and much else .
So why keep it all hidden from our readers ?
After tweeting my frustration , I got several answers , all on the same track .
" You know why , " said Mark Choueke , Marketing Week editor .
" They 're not in Davos to speak to us , the masses , but to you , the influencers .
They want you to become advocates . "
" Cameron is focus group testing his lines of argument among the elitest focus group he will ever encounter , " tweeted Stephen Murray from Sydney .
" ' Coz they do n't want you to show how clearly full of shit they really are ? " suggested bleeters .
Well , yes , there 's probably something in all of the above .
And then there was Charlie Whelan : " So much for the Guardian 's crusade for openness .
You do n't have to go along with this Tory con man [ ' ]s rules . "
Well , actually , you probably do if those are the rules stitched up between Teams Cameron and Davos .
When Charlie Whelan was spinning for Gordon Brown , he did a very great deal of off - the - record briefing , so if he's now a crusader for openness , he 's undergone one of the greatest conversions since Lord Goldsmith changed his mind on resolution 1441 .
Cameron presumably had a purpose – and it was probably along the lines of the suggestions above .
He wanted a quiet conversation with media people who might become advocates .
In any case , he said nothing startlingly new or dramatically interesting – at least for those who have followed him over the years .
But it is faintly ridiculous for a man who might be prime minister within months to be addressing an international meeting of journalists on the condition that none of it was reported .
• This article was amended on 29 January 2010 .
The original spelled the Die Zeit publisher - editor 's surname as Jofee .
This has been corrected .
Uganda ’s government , which has a shameful record of discrimination against gay men and lesbians , is now considering legislation that would impose the death sentence for homosexual behavior .
The United States and others need to make clear to the Ugandan government that such barbarism is intolerable and will make it an international pariah .
Corruption and repression  including violence against women and children and abuse of prisoners  are rife in Uganda .
According to The Times ’s Jeffrey Gettleman , officially sanctioned homophobia is particularly acute .
Gay Ugandans are tormented with beatings , blackmail , death threats and what has been described as “ correctional rape . ”
The government ’s venom is chilling : “ Homosexuals can forget about human rights , ” James Nsaba Buturo , who holds the cynically titled position of minister of ethics and integrity , said recently .
What makes this even worse is that three American evangelical Christians , whose teachings about “ curing ” gays and lesbians have been widely discredited in the United States , helped feed this hatred .
Scott Lively , Caleb Lee Brundidge and Don Schmierer gave a series of talks in Uganda last March to thousands of police officers , teachers and politicians in which , according to participants and audio recordings , they claimed that gays and lesbians are a threat to Bible - based family values .
This recipe is dedicated to Julie and Julia the movie .
I was very inspired to cook and write after watching the movie at the cinema , it ’s a feel good movie with a lot of emotion and laughter .
I loved Merill Streeps performance and thought that she managed to capture Julia ’s personality and accent to perfection .
When I launched The British Larder site I was blissfully unaware of the interesting and very active but almost secret world of food bloggers .
At first I did not accept that I was a food blogger because I ’m a professional chef and was offering a free online recipe service .
As The British Larder progressed and just like Julie , once I had received my very first comment I realised that people actually read what I had written , I came to terms with the fact that I am a food blogger and started to take it very seriously .
Now I ’m completely addicted and love the memories that it brings back , it ’s as if I am now only starting to appreciate my life and achievements , it ’s brilliant .
We watched the movie and with open mouths and gulped more than once as there were scenes that mirrored our lives .
I realised I ’m living Julie Powell ’s life , in my own way , without even knowing that she existed .
I do not really believe that I ’m a writer as such but a chef yes .
Writing is something , unlike Julie , I had to learn to do .
For me writing in this way is a new skill and I do not always get it right , where as Julie is a writer but not a cook .
I can cook and that comes naturally to me , however Julie had to learn to cook and she had the master Julia at the helm .
Do you understand the similarities in our lives ?
It ’s a little bit freaky when watching the movie and see your life in motion .
I watched the you tube video of Julia making an omelette so many times it ’s actually embarrassing to say this .
I watched it over and over as I love her fearless approach to cooking and the amount of passion and energy that she uses .
It ’s catchy and memorable , she made modern french cooking accessible to the rest of the world and I commend her for that .
May your soul rest in peace Julia !
When the challenge arose to make Julia ’s one minute omelette , it brought back my own memories of omelettes .
I remember as if it was yesterday , when Dustin Hoffman came into one of the restaurants where I worked .
He entered the kitchen to show us how to make his egg white omelette .
Apart from being completely star struck I was also very big headed as it was my section and Dustin stood right next to me as we were making this omelette “ together ” .
I was striding around like the cat that got all the cream .
My colleagues where a bit jealous but is soon faded as Snoop Dog came in for dinner that evening , to be honest I did not know who Snoop Dog was but then I ’m talking about an event that took place 13 years ago !
I ’m a bit older and wiser now and a bit more clued up .
In the true British Larder fashion I have added thyme and girolles to make my omelette a seasonal favourite .
You see Julia did all the hard work in figuring out how to make the omelette and it ’s upto us individuals to add our own fancies and twists on this classic .
I saute the girolles before adding them to the middle of my omelette just before it ’s tipped out of the pan .
You can add your own seasonal favourite ingredient .
It ’s the perfect breakfast or brunch dish whipped up in less than a minute !
Enjoy !
As today is Christmas Eve , it might be useful for those of us who call ourselves Christians to recall the teachings of Jesus Christ regarding humility , charity , tolerance , and peacemaking .
The Christian message should be particularly welcome to the American people who have borne the burden of nearly continuous warfare since 2001 , resulting in the deaths of more than 5,300 Americans and hundreds of thousands of foreigners at an appalling cost to the US economy .
The message is particularly appropriate for Christmas 2009 because it appears that many so - called Christian leaders are urging the United States government to take steps that will inevitably lead to a new war , this time against Iran .
On December 10th a group calling itself the Christian Leaders for a Nuclear - Free Iran sent a letter to both political parties ’ leaders in Congress as well as to the chairman and ranking member of the House Foreign Relations committee .
The letter , beginning " We write today as Christian leaders , " preceded a December 15th vote in the House of Representatives in which 412 house members approved the Iran Refined Petroleum Sanctions
Act of 2009 , with only twelve votes opposed .
The sanctions proposed by the House of Representatives and endorsed by the Christian leadership have correctly been seen by many as amounting to an act of war .
The Christian Leaders ’ letter was signed by many prominent evangelicals including Christians United For Israel founder John Hagee , Pat Robertson of the Christian Broadcasting Network , Chuck Colson , Gary Bauer of American Values , and Richard Land .
Land , who appears to be the driving force behind the letter , is president of the Ethics and Religious Liberty Commission of the Southern Baptist Convention .
There are also several Catholics among the thirty - seven signatories , which is surprising as the Vatican has repeatedly expressed its repugnance towards the ongoing conflict in the Middle East .
One signatory Bill Donohue , president of the Catholic League for Religious and Civil Rights , has an interesting moral compass .
In defense of the Catholic priests who assaulted young boys he once explained " After all , most 15 - year - old teenage boys would n’t allow themselves to be molested . "
He has also stated that " Hollywood likes anal sex " and that the film industry is controlled by " secular Jews who hate Christianity . "
Donohue ’s signature might be a bizarre mea culpa for his nasty comments about Jews because it aligns him firmly with AIPAC on the issue of Iran , but it places him in strange company with Hagee , who hates Catholicism and has blamed the Catholic Church for the Holocaust .
The name of the umbrella group , " Nuclear - Free Iran , " is particularly ironic as Iran is in fact nuclear - free .
But Tehran is directly confronted by 200 Israeli nukes and an undisclosed number of American bombs on board ships and planes in the Persian Gulf .
If the Christian leaders ’ letter is to be taken at face value , Israeli and American nukes are apparently to be judged , ecclesiastically speaking , by a different standard than those Iran might acquire .
The letter also ignored that Iran shares a tough neighborhood with non-threatening but also nuclear armed India and Pakistan and made some questionable claims , starting with the flat assertion that Iran , guided by " extremist leaders , " has a nuclear weapons program .
It then went on to state that Iran is the world ’s leading state sponsor of terrorism , is destabilizing " democratic and Western leaning regimes throughout the Middle East , " and it will " sell or give nuclear weapons to extremist groups . "
The letter claimed that Iran has " vowed to wipe Israel off the face of the earth " and concluded by calling for sanctions on refined petroleum products being sold to Tehran , to include not only the gasoline itself but also the ships transporting it and the banks and insurance companies enabling the transactions .
It concluded " We speak out today on behalf of millions of Christians who believe that the interests of peace and security would best be served by our elected representatives sending a powerful signal that this tyrannical Iranian regime shall never threaten the world with nuclear weapons . "
I am one Christian who is saddened by the letter because it does nothing good for either the United States or the Iranian people and reflects no moral values that I can relate to .
Many of the signatories also supported the US invasion of Iraq , which , inter alia , effectively destroyed the ancient Chaldean Christian community in that tormented land .
The " Nuclear Free Iran " letter is also very light on facts .
Iran ’s government and its policies might not be to our liking , but it is not up to Washington to stage yet another disastrous intervention in a foreign land to bring about regime change .
Tehran continues to be a signatory to the Nuclear Proliferation Treaty and abides by the International Atomic Energy Agency inspection regime .
Like it or not , it has a legal right to enrich uranium for the generation of electricity .
While there are legitimate concerns about some aspects of the country ’s nuclear agenda , there is no conclusive evidence regarding the existence of a secret weapons program .
If Iran does eventually decide to develop a weapon it will quite likely be due to the unrelenting pressure and threats emanating from the United States and Israel .
And then there is the claim that a bomb in Iran ’s hands would inevitably be given to a terrorist .
In the real world , it is highly unlikely that any country would spend large sums of money over many years to develop a secret weapon for deterrence purposes only to turn around and give it away .
Also , if the mullahs were to give a nuclear device to a terrorist who could somehow figure out how to transport it and use it , Iran would be obliterated on the following day by the US and Israel .
There is no indication that the Iranian government is suicidal .
Contrary to the claim in the letter , Iran ’s admittedly fundamentalist and authoritarian leadership is far from extremist in its political ambitions .
The country has behaved pragmatically ever since its revolution against the Shah in 1979 and it has not attacked anyone .
President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , who has been widely and often unfairly criticized in the western and Israeli media , does not have the authority to go to war , unlike our own President Barack Obama .
Iran does support Palestinian and Lebanese resistance movements against Israel but none of those groups can be described as international terrorists unless one fully accepts the Israeli definition of terrorist .
From Tehran ’s point of view , it is the United States , not Iran , that is the principal state sponsor of terrorism in the Middle East through its support of Kurdish , Arab , and Baluchi separatist groups that stage attacks inside Iran .
It is also difficult to discern what the democratic governments in the Middle East that Iran is allegedly undermining might be .
If the reference is to Iraq , most observers would agree that in spite of occasional friction Baghdad enjoys an excellent relationship with the Ayatollahs in Tehran , almost certainly a relationship that is closer than it has with Washington .
If the reference is to Israel , Iran has no ability to influence developments in that country while the often repeated claim that Tehran would wipe Israel off the map is a deliberate fabrication .
Can Iran be undermining Lebanon ?
It is precisely because Lebanon is a democracy that Hezbollah is so strong .
It is supported by many of the Lebanese people because of its resistance to Israel , just as Hamas has been democratically elected in Gaza , an election that many in the United States also would prefer to ignore .
And then there are the sanctions themselves .
The so - called Christian Leaders want to put pressure on Iran to make it behave as if punishing innocent people by denying them fuel to heat their homes is a Christian value .
And there are two things that they are overlooking .
First , the sanctions regime that is now being urged by Congress might have to be enforced by the US Navy to be effective which dramatically raises the likelihood that there would be an incident that could quickly lead to a shooting war , hardly a Christian outcome .
Second , the sanctions themselves far exceed " pressuring the regime " to make it change its ways .
Forty percent of Iran ’s fuel requirements are imported , mostly from the United Arab Emirates , as the country has only limited refining capacity .
If successful , sanctions on energy supplies would be devastating .
Think for a moment of what would happen to the United States if 40 % of its gasoline and oil were to be eliminated from the marketplace .
Think what the reaction of the American public would be if the shortages were the result of the hostile action of a foreign country .
If the intention of sanctions is to help the so - called " reformers " inside Iran , a claim that is made in the Christian Leaders ’ letter , it would ironically have the opposite effect , empowering the hardliners .
Most observers rightly note that the sanctions would at a minimum ensure that no negotiations between Iran and the west could be successful .
If Iran were to react aggressively to the virtual shut down of its economy , the sanctions would quickly lead to war .
So Richard Land and his friends are on record as supporting US interventionism , opposing elections when the wrong guys win , and using force to impoverish a civilian population in a country that does not threaten the United States in any way .
America ’s self - described Christian Leaders have again become enablers working with a Congress and media that have become addicted to war .
It might be considered churlish to suggest that the Christian mission might better consist of helping the poor and saving souls without the added burden of advising politicians .
It is indeed a tragedy when folks who call themselves religious leaders give the American public the usual Hobson ’s choice when it comes to dealing with Iran .
It is either war or more war .
Not a very reassuring message at Christmas time and not exactly the legacy of the Prince of Peace .
Not much to say here other than there 's a PlayStation emulator for the HD2 and it bloody well works !
The original gangster of consoles , already emulated on other WinMo devices such as Toshiba 's TG01 , has made its way to HTC 's finest thanks to version 0.10 of theirstlaytationmulator for Windows .
You can hit the read link to find out how to get it up and running on your own handset , and then we 'll naturally expect you to come back and tell us how good it felt to play Final Fantasy VII in a whole new way .
The more impatient among you will already be watching video of the HD2 running Tekken 3 effortlessly after the break , so go join 'em already .
Daniel Sherwood , left , and Paul Guzyk in a Pruis that they modified to run on battery power alone .
Paul Guzyk and Daniel Sherwood are computer geeks who co-founded 3 Prong Power , a Berkeley business that transforms standard Toyota Priuses into all - electric green machines .
In 1999 , Guzyk moved to California and rediscovered an old passion for cars after tinkering with a Prius .
He found that in many ways the Toyota hybrid was more like a computer than an automobile .
Notably , it ran on recognizable computer standards similar to those found in an office network .
" I found that modifying the Prius is like getting your computer to do what you want it to do , " says Guzyk .
In 2006 , he met fellow Prius tinkerer Sherwood .
Together they gave a 2004 model an all - electric makeover .
First , they installed a bank of Prius batteries they had salvaged from a junkyard .
That did n't work well , so they tried traditional lead - acid batteries , used in electric wheelchairs , which did the trick .
Next , they developed software that programmed the Prius to run only on its newly enlarged battery pack .
Unlike the one in an unmodified Prius , the car 's internal - combustion engine does n't fire up -- and burn gas .
Presto : instant electric car , albeit one with a range of only about 25 miles .
In 2007 , they launched their startup in a former Cadillac dealership with less than $ 100,000 of their own money .
Since then they 've added six employees and now expect to do 500 conversions , or some 40 a month , through 2010 ; at $ 4,500 per job , that works out to about $ 2.2 million in annual sales .
Helping Individuals And Families Move Forward
Nothing is more important than family .
When your legal problems involve the people you love , you need a lawyer who will listen to your concerns and respond promptly with results - driven representation .
I am attorney Daniel R. Bacalis and , for more than 30 years , I have helped families successfully navigate challenging family law issues .
When you walk into my law office , I will answer questions and explain your options in plain language so that you can make informed decisions .
Robert Frank says complaints that running deficits to offset downturns will bankrupt our grandchildren are " absurd " :
When producers emit sulfur dioxide into the atmosphere , ... the resulting acid rain harms others .
As the ... Clean Air
Act demonstrated , the most efficient ... remedy was to tax sulfur dioxide emissions .
...
Similarly , when motorists enter congested roadways , they impose additional delays on others .
Here , too , taxation is the best remedy ...
This generator looks like it's a great idea .
Plop it down in a windy spot — like anywhere in the Bay Area right now — and it 'll give you energy enough to power small devices .
Advertisement
It 's a good design in that it looks neat and folds up nice and compact , but did they really think this though ?
The feet do n't look very stable since they do n't dig into the ground , and a strong gust of wind will easily blow it over , since it 's made out of aluminum and carbon fiber to keep it lightweight .
No problem , right ?
It 's not like you 'll use this in a windy area or ... oh wait .
[ Ecofriend via Likecool ]
A series of botched IT projects has left taxpayers with a bill of more than £ 26bn for computer systems that have suffered severe delays , run millions of pounds over budget or have been cancelled altogether .
An investigation by The Independent has found that the total cost of Labour 's 10 most notorious IT failures is equivalent to more than half of the budget for Britain 's schools last year .
Parliament 's spending watchdog has described the projects as " fundamentally flawed " and blamed ministers for " stupendous incompetence " in managing them .
Further evidence has emerged over the failings of Labour 's most costly programme , the mammoth £ 12.7bn IT scheme to revolutionise the NHS .
The Independent has learnt that just 160 health organisations out of about 9,000 are using electronic patient records delivered under the scheme .
The vast majority of those were GP practices .
New figures have also revealed that millions of pounds have been paid out in legal fees .
The taxpayer has footed a £ 39.2 m bill for " legal and commercial support " for the National Programme for IT ( NPfIT ) .
Alan Milburn , the former health secretary , said in 2001 that everyone would have access to their health records online by 2005 , but it is understood that the Department for Health is still " years away " from fulfilling the pledge .
Government departments right across Whitehall have been guilty of overseeing embarrassing IT failures .
A project that was meant to save the Department for Transport ( DfT ) about £ 57 m eventually cost £ 81 m , and workers at the Driver and Vehicle Licensing Agency ( DVLA ) were forced to brush up on their language skills when computer systems gave them messages in German .
Another ill - fated IT scheme , designed to allocate subsidies to farms , cost the Department for Environment , Food and Rural Affairs about £ 350 m and left British farmers more than £ 1bn out of pocket .
Last year the Public Accounts Committee ( PAC ) warned that the system was already " at risk of becoming obsolete " .
In 2004 , the Department for Justice gave the go - ahead for the National Offender Management Information System ( C - Nomis ) to be rolled out to prisons and the probation service in an attempt to make sharing information about offenders easier .
But in 2007 , when the estimated cost doubled to more than £ 600 m and senior officials questioned the validity of the project , it was abandoned – after £ 155 m had been wasted .
The MoD's Defence Information Infrastructure project is currently running more than £ 180 m over budget and 18 months late , and is now set to cost £ 7.1 bn .
Last year , Edward Leigh , chairman of the PAC , said : " No proper pilot for this highly complex programme was carried out , and entirely inadequate research led to a major miscalculation of the condition of the Department 's buildings in which the new system would be installed . "
Other botched IT projects include the identity cards scheme ; the Libra system for modernising magistrates ' courts ; an attempt to move the Government 's GCHQ computer systems into a new building which ended up costing more than £ 300 m ; the Benefit Processing Replacement Programme ; and the Foreign and Commonwealth Office 's Prism system .
IT experts blamed ministers for being too easily wooed by suppliers .
Insiders said a lack of expertise within the Government about the technology industry meant they were willing to believe claims made by major IT firms before contracts were awarded .
Several projects are now under renewed threat of being cut back or abandoned altogether as Alistair Darling , the Chancellor , has targeted them as an area of government spending that can be reined in as he attempts to tackle Britain 's record £ 175 bn deficit .
Tony Collins , an expert on the Government 's IT failures , said Labour had displayed an " irrational exuberance " for IT projects that has often led them to throw good money after bad at failing schemes .
" There are too few people in the hierarchy of Labour who understand IT enough to understand that it is not a talisman – there is nothing magical about it . "
David Cameron , the Tory leader , has signalled a move away from big IT projects , suggesting he will use technology to increase the transparency of government .
" It is easy to make these noises out of office , " said Mr Collins .
" Once you 've got civil servants giving you a host of reasons why you should not be more open , I fear the Tories will sink into the same depths of secrecy that Labour has found itself in . "
Botched projects :
The cost of failure
£ 12.7bn National Programme for IT ( NHS )
It was meant to revolutionise the way the health service worked .
But far from heralding a new age of efficiency , the National Programme for IT is now widely perceived as the greatest government IT white elephant of history .
As well as the huge costs involved , suppliers have walked away , projects are running years behind schedule , while medical professionals have complained that they were never consulted on what they wanted the new system to achieve .
£ 7.1bn Defence Information Infrastructure ( DII )
It seemed like a good idea at the time .
In 2005 , the Ministry of Defence decided to offer a contract to a consortium of suppliers to replace the hundreds of different computer systems being used by the military with a single system that would be used by the army , navy and air force , as well as the MoD itself .
It was to be used by 300,000 people across 2,000 sites .
However , it is running more than £ 180 m over budget and 18 months late .
A parliamentary inquiry also warned that forces ' reliance on older systems put them at risk of a security breach .
£ 5 bn National Identity Scheme
Originally budgeted at £ 3bn , the Government ’s plan for new identity cards , containing biometric data and linked to a central database , soon came under heavy criticism from civil liberty campaigners .
As the costs spiralled , so the Home Office began to water down the aims of the scheme to assuage the critics .
In July , Alan Johnson announced that the cards would no longer be compulsory , while moves to force all airport workers to use the cards were also abandoned .
£ 400 m Libra system ( for magistrates ' courts )
An attempt to bring records used by magistrates courts into the digital age backfired when trying to introduce one universal IT system to all courts descended into a costly mess .
Fujitsu originally bid £ 146 m to deliver the Libra system in 1998 .
However , the project proved more complicated than anticipated , and costs have now been put at more than £ 400m .
£ 350 m Single Payment Scheme system ( SPS )
The Single Payment Scheme system was designed in 2003 to be a sophisticated way of giving farmers their subsidies , by mapping their land and working out their level of payment .
But failures with the IT systems being used mean that farmers were left short - changed .
In 2006 , around £ 1.28bn of the £ 1.5 bn subsidies destined for British farmers still had not been given out .
The Rural Payments Agency overseeing the project was ordered to make 23 major changes to the system .
Despite the £ 350 m spent on the technology , the Public Accounts Committee warned last year that it was already “ at risk of becoming obsolete ” .
£ 300 m GCHQ " box move " of technology
When the Government ’s intelligence organisation , GCHQ , decided to move its complex computer systems into a new building in 1997 , the projected £ 41 m cost was so small that officials believed it could be absorbed within existing budgets .
That was until the Curse of the Government IT Project struck .
Costs of the so - called “ box move ” soon began to rise out of control .
In 2003 , the National Audit Office ( NAO ) put the costs at more than £ 300 m .
Edward Leigh , Tory chairman of the Commons Public Accounts Committee , called the original budget “ staggeringly inaccurate ” .
£ 155 m National Offender Management Information System ( C - Nomis )
In an attempt to make sharing information about offenders easier , the Department for Justice gave the go - ahead for the National Offender Management Information System ( C - Nomis ) to be rolled out to prisons and the probation service .
As the estimated cost doubled to more than £ 600 m and senior officials questioned the whole point of the project , it was abandoned in 2007 , with £ 155 m already spent .
£ 106 m Benefit Processing Replacement Programme
In June 2006 , the Department for Work and Pensions confidently assured Parliament that new funding for its Benefit Processing Replacement Programme ( BPRP ) had been approved .
So it came as a surprise to many when it emerged just three months later that the project had been quietly scrapped .
Little information has emerged on why BPRP was abandoned , but the Government has admitted that £ 106 m had already been spent on it before it pulled the plug .
£ 88.5 m Prism IT project
Undeterred by past failures , the Foreign and Commonwealth Office ( FCO ) thought it would be a good idea in 2002 to order a new computer system for their 200 offices around the globe .
The result was the Prism IT project , seemingly a bargain at just £ 54 m .
However , delays and costs have risen , while the contractor was even forced to temporarily halt the scheme in 2005 while an investigation took place into its various problems .
The system has not proved a hit with staff .
One wrote in 2004 : “ In all the FCO ’s long history of ineptly implemented IT initiatives , Prism is the most badly designed , ill - considered one of the lot . ”
£ 81 m Shared Services Centre
To officials at the Department for Transport , the Shared Services Centre seemed to good to be true : not only would it integrate the human resources and financial services of the department and its various agencies , it would even save the taxpayer £ 57 m .
Unfortunately , those hopes were dashed as the scheme became another example of an IT project going horribly wrong .
Workers at the Driver and Vehicle Licensing Agency ( DVLA ) were forced to brush up on their language skills as computer systems gave them messages in German .
It will now cost £ 81 m , a failure in management that the Public Accounts Committee described as a display of “ stupendous incompetence ” .
Important Update , 01/02/10 : The Classification Board has confirmed that a person ’s appearance is used when determining the apparent age of a model .
The ACB ’s Director refused to comment on specifics about breast size .
The Classification Board has confirmed that a person ’s appearance is used when determining the apparent age of a model .
The ACB ’s Director refused to comment on specifics about breast size .
Read more
The Australian Sex Party ( ASP ) said Wednesday that the Australian Classification Board ( ACB ) is now banning depictions of small - breasted women in adult publications and films .
It comes just a week after it was found that material with depictions of females ejaculating during orgasm are now Refused Classification and Australian Customs directed to confiscate it .
ASP ’s Fiona Patten writes on her party ’s website that they are starting to see depictions of women in their late 20s being banned because they have an A cup breast size :
“ This is in response to a campaign led by Kids Free 2 B Kids and promoted by Barnaby Joyce and Guy Barnett in Senate Estimates late last year .
Mainstream companies such as Larry Flint ’s Hustler produce some of the publications that have been banned .
These companies are regulated by the FBI to ensure that only adult performers are featured in their publications . ”
Patten writes that such bans may be an unintended consequence of the Senator ’s actions “ but they are largely responsible for the sharp increase in breast size in Australian adult magazines of late ” .
How can this be happening
The National Classification Code dictates that anything that describes or depicts a person who is , or appears to be , a child under 18 ( whether the person is engaged in sexual activity or not ) in a way that is likely to cause offence to a reasonable adult is Refused Classification .
State Crime
Acts are also similar .
Victoria ’s Criminal Code includes the ‘ or appears to be ’ clause in its definition of child pornography and it does n’t need to cause offence to a reasonable adult for it to be illegal .
Even if you are 18 years old but you look younger , taking a photograph of your breasts and uploading it to the Internet could land you or someone you know in serious trouble .
Keep in mind it ’s highly unlikely that a naked photograph of a 30 , 40 or 50 year old woman with small breasts would ‘ appear ’ to be child pornography on the basis of her breast size alone .
Small breasts do not automatically mean something will be banned or is illegal .
A bad message
Australian adult blogger Ms Naughty says we need to look at what this ruling says to Australian women :
“ Why ban small boobs ?
I can only assume it stems from paranoia that flat chests somehow stir up the pedophiles .
And you only need to mention that “ p ” word to start a full - scale moral panic in Parliament . ”
“ Shall we put such hysteria aside and look at what this ruling is saying to Australian women ?
Basically , it ’s classing a certain normal female body type as obscene .
It ’s declaring all flat chests to be automatically juvenile , something that should not be viewed by anyone because of a fear that it will stir up “ base instincts ” in certain people . ”
“ Can the Classification Board be any more insulting or sexist ? ”
Ejaculations
According to Patten , female ejaculations films are being Refused Classification on one of two grounds :
That the depictions are a form of urination which is banned under the label of ‘ golden showers ’ in the Classification Guidelines or Female ejaculation is an ‘ abhorrent ’ depiction
“ Films that show both male and female ejaculation have routinely been given an X rating since 1983 ” said Patten .
“ The new ruling follows a boom in the numbers of adult films featuring female ejaculation since the pioneering research of Professor Emeritus Beverly Whipple was published in her book The G Spot . ”
Content Refused Classification will be blocked to Australian adults under the Government ’s planned Internet censorship scheme .
“ There are over one million sites featuring female ejaculation and for Australia to be banning depictions and discussion of this important issue , takes us back into the Victorian era where they did n’t even believe that women could have orgasms . ”
The ACB has been contacted for comment .
Guest post from Dr. Ismail Bhat , Professor & Head of Department of Geology & Geophysics at University of Kashmir .
Dr. Bhat is yet another professional scientist with the understanding and credentials to challenge the consensus .
This time on sea level rise , he rightly compares how the current political situation has handled prominent and reasoned disagreement to the inquisition of Galileo by the Romans .
How far have we really come since Galileo ’s time ?
— — — –
Science has taken a leap four centuries back to dark age when science lost to theology .
Then the butt of condemnation and punishment were just two souls – Bruno and , the better remembered , Galileo .
Now it is a huge horde of scientists from across the planet , who dare challenge the mainstream belief in CO2 - induced global warming or anthropogenically - induced global warming ( AGW ) , that are being condemned with calls for punishment of these “ traitors ” for committing “ high crimes against humanity , ” “ deserving Nuremberg - style trials , ” ……… Reviling and calls for punishment are unending .
If theology was settled then for a particular cosmological view , now it is “ science is settled ’ for AGW .
Then it was cosmological data gathered through telescope versus theological view ; now it is clean , hard core science versus manipulated science backed by political interests .
Then it was Cardinal Bellarmine backed by Pope Clement VIII / Pope Paul V ; now it is Dr. R. K. Pachauri backed by our political Pope , Mr. Banki Moon .
More than any of the “ skeptics ” it is the Swedish scientist , Dr. Nils - Axel Mörner who , I believe , has been condemned the most by not just IPCC but by the Nobel Committee as well .
As the President of International Union for Quaternary Research ( INQUA ) who could possibly have been better placed to talk of sea level change than him .
Under his charge , when INQUA Commission on Sea Level Changes and Coastal Evolution , after deliberations and discussions at several international meetings , declared a possible sea level change of +5 cm ± 15 c m by the year 2100 , it was based on a huge amount of world - wide data gathered by scientists from different parts of the globe .
No politics , business or no activist interests were involved ; just hard - core science .
Bruno and Galileo had the good fortune of a trial and hearing , not Dr. Mörner .
His science got swamped in the din of media - hyped hoarse cries by Al Gore and IPCC about the alarming rise in sea level .
Norwegians Nobel Peace Prize Committee could hear these cries from across the Atlantic but did n’t bother to hear the sane voice from across the border before deciding the recipients .
More unfortunate is that the Swedish Government and the Swedish people , who have funded Dr. Mörner ’s research that took him to such a high scientific position , did n’t even murmur in his favor .
No wonder then that even political non-entities did n’t take Dr. Mörner and his Commission ’s scientific findings seriously .
The President of Maldives saw international value in his political gimmick of holding under the water cabinet meeting but did n’t see merit in acknowledging the two letters that Dr. Mörner wrote him pleading “ Your people ought not to have to suffer a constant claim that there is no future for them on their own islands . ”
He provided him the scientific basis as well :
“ In 2001 , when our research group found overwhelming evidence that sea level was by no means in a rising mode in the Maldives , but had remained quite stable for the last 30 years ”
But notice the brutal political return to the most humane gesture : “ I thought it would not be respectful to the fine people of the Maldives if I were to return home and present our results in international forum .
Therefore , I announced this happy news during an interview for your local TV station .
However , your predecessor as president censored and stopped the broadcast . ”
As the people across the continents have witnessed the meeting in Copenhagen was not about science of global warming or climate change but pure and plain political drama under the aegis of UN .
The people who did talk about science ( the “ climate skeptics ” ) were ignored both by organizers of the meeting and the media , reminding one of Galileo ’s words to Keppler ( Wikipedia ) : “ My dear Kepler , I wish that we might laugh at the remarkable stupidity of the common herd .
What do you have to say about the principal philosophers of this academy who are filled with the stubbornness of an asp and do not want to look at either the planets , the moon or the telescope , even though I have freely and deliberately offered them the opportunity a thousand times ?
Truly , just as the asp stops its ears , so do these philosophers shut their eyes to the light of truth . ”
It seems our political Pope has conveniently forgotten the world - wide condemnation of his fellow citizen Dr. Hwang Woo - suk for faking stem cell research and the apology that his Prime Minister had to tender on behalf of South Koreans .
Otherwise instead of seeking action against climategate fraudsters ( the “ Hokey Stick Team ” ) he would not have been working with them and using their deceptive science to befool the world .
Or , is it for the glamour of his position that he tolerates this hypocrisy ?
Dr. Mörner ( and his fellow skeptic ) may have lost this round but with an ocean of scientific data – the telescope of Galileo , so to say – and the current record - breaking winter temperatures across northern hemisphere on his side he may not have to wait long to be declared the real winner .
Snowman are customarily built by children as part of a family project in celebration of winter .
But we found many so crazy and bizarre photos of Snowman , and now these photos is here for your viewing pleasure .
Laredo , Texas ( CNN ) --
The bookstore was Zhuara Rivera 's magical " Neverland . "
It offered a fairy tale world for 14 - year - old Rivera to get lost in stories and words .
But the books are gone .
On January 16 , Barnes & Noble , which owns B. Dalton , closed the store inside Laredo 's Mall del Norte .
That leaves Laredo , Texas , population of 250,000 , one of the largest cities in the United States without a bookstore .
The closest bookstore is now 150 miles away , in San Antonio , Texas .
" I was very shocked and I think it 's very sad , " Zhuara said .
" I love reading .
I adore reading . "
Zhuara and dozens of volunteers launched a grass - roots organization called " Laredo Reads . "
They 've started a petition drive collecting signatures to show corporate book dealers that Laredo can support a bookstore .
The death of the store has energized Zhuara .
She leaves school and heads straight to the Laredo mall .
She races around asking strangers to sign petition forms .
She 's collected nearly 1,000 signatures across the city .
" I seriously do n't understand why people do n't just like reading that much , " she said as she walked briskly past the old store .
" If you do n't know how to read , you 're not going to get very far in life . "
Her mother says Zhuara has cried several times over the bookstore 's demise .
For years , Zhuara saved her money and asked her mom to take her to the store .
She would walk up and down the small aisles searching for the next book to buy .
Barnes & Noble says it closed the Laredo store as part of an overall strategy to shut down the chain of mall - based bookstores .
Even though the Laredo store was profitable , the overall chain was losing money , according to company officials .
Some in Laredo fear the lack of a book store will make the city look like an ignorant outpost on the Texas border .
" Assuming that we do n't read because we 're Mexican or we 're immigrant or we 're poor , that is not the case , " said Xochitl Mora , the city 's spokeswoman who spearheads the " Laredo Reads " initiative .
" Our challenge is to convince a corporate America bookstore and others they will find a literate , articulate , eloquent citizenry . "
The publishing industry is in the midst of a revolution .
Threats from Internet sites , like Amazon.com , and electronic book devices , like the Kindle , have cut into profits of retail book giants .
In addition , bookstores are facing increasing competition from mass merchandisers like Target and Wal - Mart .
About 50 to 60 small Barnes & Noble - owned bookstores have closed every year over the last 5 to 6 years , the company said .
Rival Borders has also struggled financially amid the tough marketplace .
Acclaimed novelist Oscar Casares understands first - hand the changing publishing landscape .
He grew up in south Texas along the Mexican border , where bookstores have always been hard to find .
When his two books , " Brownsville " and " Amigoland , " were published , he pushed to sell the books in a popular grocery store chain called H.E.B .
Right now the H.E.B. grocery store is what passes for a bookstore in Laredo .
Casares spoke with CNN inside the grocery .
As he talked , a woman bought a copy of his latest book and set it on top of a bag of flour tortillas and a sack of potatoes .
" We had to adapt .
We had to realize this was the border , " Casares said .
" The first thing I realized was there were n't going to be any places to sell the book .
I felt we needed another point of distribution . "
Casares admits it took a little while to get used to book signings and readings in the midst of a chaotic grocery store .
He worries about what losing the only bookstore will do to Laredo 's spirit .
" I think it creates a void .
It 's a void that is n't instantly recognizable but it's one , that over time , is deflating , " Casares said .
Laredo does have two public libraries with a catalog of more than 200,00 books .
But library officials say they can't keep up with the demand for the most popular titles .
Maria Soliz , manager of the Laredo Public Library , says she hopes to expand the library 's collection and expects to see an increase in library card applications .
" We do have a lot of the same customers , but there are different customers , " Soliz told CNN .
" They might come to the library , read the book and decide they want to buy it . "
Soliz and others fear the loss of the city 's bookstore will slow down efforts to improve Laredo 's literacy rate .
A 2003 study by the National Center for Education Statistics found that 48 percent of the residents of Webb County , Texas -- home to Laredo -- lacked basic literacy skills .
Many say losing the bookstore threatens efforts to improve the city 's literacy rate .
" A bookstore and what that means for kids to learn the value of literacy and to learn the value of loving books , that 's just something you can't really put a value on , " said Mora .
Over at FiveThirtyEight.com
Andrew Gelman posts this chart chart plotting per-capital healthcare expenditure against standard of living .
It seems to show , without a doubt , that those awesome Western Europeans and East Asians get way more bang for their buck than we do .
Except ... it does n't tell us anything about how well the European system would work if the people there lived the unhealthy lifestyle of so many Americans .
And it does n't say anything about how the outcomes of individuals with specific ailments ( like cancer ) .
And it does n't take into account the greater diversity of our population .
But other than that , it 's pretty damning .
You are not manly enough to see this trailer for Aliens vs. Predator .
You think I ’m lying to you ?
All right !
Watch it .
See what I care .
But , when the video ends and you look down to see that your balls ran away from the testosterone overload , then do n’t come crying to me .
This is one of the most manly , violent things you will see in your life .
Women , and men who do n’t drive trucks should click here and never look back .
Ok , here it is :
Did your balls leave you a good - bye letter ?
News Release Federal Conservatives ' Accountability and Democratic Reform Record Earns Only an " E " Grade For Breaking Many Promises and Practising Politics As Usual
Three Years After Federal Accountability Act Became Law , Dishonesty , Conflicts of Interest , Excessive Secrecy , Unlimited Donations and Patronage All Still Legal
Another , Stronger Accountability Act Needed To Close 90 Remaining Loopholes and Flaws
UPDATE : January 15 , 2010 -- Democracy Watch Lowers Conservatives ' Grade to " F " Because of Excessive Secrecy in Many Cases Including Documents About Afghan Detainees , Unjustifiable Shutting Down of Parliament , and Ongoing Lack of Support for Parliamentary Budget Officer , and Dishonesty
Wednesday , December 16 , 2009
OTTAWA - Today , Democracy Watch marked the third anniversary of the passage of the federal Conservatives ' so - called " Federal Accountability Act " ( FAA ) by issuing its Third Good Government Report Card on the FAA and related democratic reform decisions by the Conservatives ( To see Democracy Watch 's Report Card on the 2008 Good Government Election Platforms for the main federal political parties , click here ) .
Overall , the Conservatives ' FAA and other decisions have increased government accountability or attempted to increase accountability in 29 ways ( with the possibility that Cabinet could implement one final FAA measure by establishing the Public Appointments Commission to help ensure an end to patronage and cronyism in Cabinet appointments -- NOTE : the Conservatives again promised for the third time in the spring 2009 to establish the Commission ) --
To see a summary of the measures in the FAA , click here .
However , the Conservatives have also weakened government accountability in eight ways , and failed to keep 29 promises ( To see an October 2007 summary of 24 of the 29 broken promises , click here -- the five other broken promises are the fixed - election - date promise , the failure to hold free votes on most issues as promised , the appointment by Prime Minister Harper of Conservative election candidates , and the appointment of Senators and the most recent Supreme Court Justice ( To see details , click here ) .
As well , the Conservatives have ignored in total 90 loopholes and flaws in the federal government 's accountability system ( To see a summary of the 90 loopholes , click here --
To see an op - ed about how these loopholes would allow Karlheinz Schreiber and former Prime Minister Brian Mulroney to do today all the wrongdoing they are alleged to have done in the past , click here --
To see a news release listing the key ethics loopholes , click here ) .
As a result , the Report Card gives the Conservatives an overall " E " grade because they have only partially increased accountability in the federal government .
If the Conservatives had kept all of their 2006 election promises , they would have received an overall " B - " grade ( as their promises covered about two - thirds of the loopholes and undemocratic flaws in the government 's accountability and decision - making system ) .
" The federal government 's accountability enforcement system is the scandal because , among many other highly questionable activities , it is still effectively legal for a person like Karlheinz Schreiber to fundraise for and make secret donations to nomination race and party leadership candidates , to lobby in secret , to make secret , fixed deals with Cabinet ministers , their staff , handpicked Cabinet patronage appointees and government employees , and for everyone involved to be dishonest about their secret , unethical relationships , " said Duff Conacher , Coordinator of Democracy Watch .
( To see details about how lobbyists are effectively allowed to work for , and to fundraise for , federal politicians and parties , click here )
" Incredibly , it is much more likely Canadians will be caught and punished for parking illegally than a politician will be caught and punished taking money from a lobbyist , " said Conacher .
" Hopefully , Justice Oliphant will do his job properly and strongly recommend in his May 2010 report closing dozens of the loopholes that allow for unethical , secretive and undemocratic federal political activities . "
Other highly questionable activities that are still effectively legal include the following ( To see a summary of 16 highly questionable activities in Canadian federal politics in the past 15 years , click here ) :
governments are still not required to consult with the public in a meaningful way even when making important , society - changing decisions ;
there are still no effective checks on the power of Cabinet ministers to appoint party supporters to law enforcement positions such as judges and the heads of watchdog agencies , boards , commissions and tribunals ;
Cabinet ministers , their staff , and senior government employees are still allowed to be involved in policy - making processes that affect their own personal financial interests ;
large gifts worth up to $ 10,000 to politicians are still effectively legal because of lack of auditing of politicians ' financial statements ( and scientific studies have shown that even small gifts have influence ( For more details about gifts and the science of influence , click here ) ;
about gifts and the science of influence , click here ) ; many politicians , their staff , and senior government employees are still allowed to become lobbyists too soon after they leave their government positions ;
many people who blow - the - whistle on government wrongdoing are still not effectively protected from retaliation ;
MPs can switch parties between elections in return for a promotion ;
the voting system does not ensure that each candidate has the overall support of a majority of voters in their riding to be elected , and ;
the federal Senate is still unaccountable in every way .
Honest , Ethical Government Measures - E- ( because the Conservatives removed the rule requiring Cabinet ministers , their staff and senior government officials to " act with honesty " and have used dishonest " spin " in many of their communications , and because the FAA did not close huge loopholes that allow the same people to take part in decisions in which they have a private interest , and did not significantly strengthen enforcement or penalties for unethical activities ) ;
Open Government Measures - E- ( because the Conservatives broke almost all of their promises to strengthen the Access to Information Act , have used the Privacy Act to hide the identity of public servants who have done wrong , only partially implemented their promised changes to federal lobbying disclosure rules , and have ignored other secret lobbying loopholes ) ; Efficient Government Measures - B ( because the Conservatives have kept most of their spending accountability promises , but have still left some key loopholes open ( include failing to ensure the independence and full budget of the Parliamentary Budget Officer and Procurement Ombudsman ) ) ; Representative , Citizen - Driven Government Measures - E- ( because the Conservatives have not consulted meaningfully or held free votes on many issues , have broken their promise to establish a Public Appointments Commission to ensure merit - based Cabinet appointments , broke their own fix- election - date law by calling a snap election in September 2008 , have introduced Senate reform measures but resisted reasonable changes proposed by premiers and opposition parties , appointed 18 Senators , appointed a Supreme Court Justice before the promised parliamentary review , and have not kept all of their promises to ensure fair nomination races and elections ) ; General Government Accountability Measures - E ( because the Conservatives have cut funding to citizen advocacy groups , broke some of their whistleblower protection promises , have attacked several officers of Parliament and government agencies without justification , and while they have created the more independent Director of Public Prosecutions , they have launched only some long - overdue inquiries into past wrongdoing )
Democracy Watch and its Government Ethics Coalition , Money in Politics Coalition and Open Government Coalition , which involve more than 50 citizen groups from across Canada with a total membership of 3.5 million Canadians , will continue pushing for these key , democratizing changes .
Third Good Government Report Card on the Loophole - Filled " Federal Accountability Act " On December 12 , 2006 , the federal Conservatives ' so - called " Federal Accountability Act " ( FAA ) became law containing 30 of the Conservatives ' 52 promised measures .
At the time , 15 of the 30 measures in the FAA still needed Cabinet approval before they would be in force and , as of December 16 , 2009 , one of the 30 measures has still not been implemented ( the establishment of the Public Appointments Commission to help end patronage and cronyism in Cabinet appointments ) .
In addition , the Conservatives made 5 other democratic reform promises , for a total of 57 government accountability and democratic reform promises .
To see Democracy Watch 's first Report Card , issued in December 2007 , click here .
To see Democracy Watch 's second Report Card , issued December 2008 , click here .
Set out below are the details about : what the Conservatives promised to included in the FAA and other promised measures ; what they included or failed to include ; what FAA measures have been implemented ; what FAA measures are still not in force , and ; what loopholes and flaws still exist in the federal government 's accountability system .
Grades are given in each area , based on the following grading scale : GRADING SYSTEM
A - Implemented promised measure (s ) fully closing loophole(s )
B - Implemented most of promised measure (s ) closing most of loophole (s )
C - Implemented half of promised measure (s ) closing half of loophole (s )
D - Implemented part of promised measure (s ) closing part of loophole (s )
E - Has taken steps toward implementing promised measure (s ) but broken many promises
F - Failed to include promised measure in FAA
I - Failed to include measure in FAA
Summary of Categories and Areas Graded and Grades
Overall Conservatives ' rhetoric :
" People who work hard , pay their taxes , and play by the rules want accountability from their political leaders .
We do n’t expect politicians to be perfect .
But we do want to know that our tax dollars -- money we ’ve worked for -- are being spent properly and wisely .
Above all , we want and expect our dollars to be spent legally .
We ’ve been let down .
The Liberal Party ’s 12 years in power have featured one scandal after another .
And despite Paul Martin ’s promises to clean up Ottawa , the scandals just keep happening .
Justice Gomery was right when he talked about the “ culture of entitlement ” within the Liberal Party .
This culture of waste , mismanagement , and corruption cannot reform itself .
The first piece of legislation to be introduced by a Conservative government will be the Federal Accountability Act , a sweeping plan to clean up government . "
( p. 8 of the Conservatives ' 2006 election platform document ) “ the results are clear . . . the government is clean . . . ”
Conservative government 's Speech from the Throne ( October 16 , 2007 )
NOTE : In his November 4 , 2005 speech , then - Opposition Party Leader Stephen Harper stated that an " Federal Accountability Act " ( FAA ) containing the 52 measures he listed that day was needed to “ begin the process of fixing the system . . . to clean up government . ”
However , the FAA introduced by the Conservatives in April 2006 only contained 30 measures ( six of which have still not yet been implemented ) and weakened ethics rules for Cabinet ministers , their staff , Cabinet appointees and senior government officials ( see below for details ) .
As a result , by the Conservatives ' own standard , it is impossible for the government to be clean .
I. Honest , Ethical Government Measures
SECTION I OVERALL GRADE
E -
1. Requiring honesty - in- politics - F
Conservatives ' rhetoric : " Enshrine the Conflict of Interest Code into law . " ( p. 12 of 2006 Conservative election platform document )
" Enshrine the Conflict of Interest Code into law . " ( p. 12 of 2006 Conservative election platform document )
Promised measures implemented fully or partially :
The FAA enshrined Prime Minister Stephen Harper 's February 2006 version of the Conflict of Interest and Post - Employment Code for Public Office Holders into a new law called the Conflict of Interest Act ( which became law July 9 , 2007 )
The FAA enshrined Prime Minister Stephen Harper 's February 2006 version of the into a new law called the ( which became law July 9 , 2007 ) Promised measures not included in FAA : The Conflict of Interest Act does not include the former Code 's subsection 3 ( 1 ) rule that requires the Cabinet ministers , their staff , Cabinet appointees and senior government officials to " act with honesty " ••• and the Conservatives have used dishonest " spin " in their party communications several times
The does not include the former Code 's subsection 3 ( 1 ) rule that requires the Cabinet ministers , their staff , Cabinet appointees and senior government officials to " act with honesty " ••• and the Conservatives have used dishonest " spin " in their party communications several times Loopholes / flaws still in federal government 's accountability system :
Still need to pass a law that requires all federal Cabinet ministers , MPs , Senators , political staff , Cabinet appointees and government employees ( including at Crown corporations , agencies , boards , commissions , courts and tribunals ) nomination race and election candidates to tell the truth , with an easily accessible complaint process to a fully independent watchdog agency that is fully empowered to investigate and penalize anyone who lies ••• and require resignation and a by - election in most cases of an MP switching parties between elections .
( Go to Honesty in Politics Campaign for details about Democracy Watch 's proposals )
2 .
Conservatives ' rhetoric : " In 1993 , Paul Martin and the Liberals promised the appointment of an independent Ethics Commissioner .
For over ten years , Paul Martin and the Liberals failed to fulfill that promise , and Martin voted against his own Red Book words in the House of Commons .
Finally , under the pressure of the sponsorship scandal , the Liberals partially fulfilled their promise .
But many problems remain with the role of the Ethics Commissioner , including the special exemptions Paul Martin created for his own business dealings . "
Promised measures implemented fully or partially : Promise kept to " Ensure that all Officers of Parliament are appointed through consultation with all parties in the House of Commons " ••• Promise partially kept to " Give the Ethics Commissioner the power to fine violators " ( maximum fine is a ridiculously low $ 500 , and only applies to some violations ) ••• Promise partially kept to " Enshrine the Conflict of Interest Code into law " ( the FAA enshrined Prime Minister Stephen Harper 's February 2006 version of the Conflict of Interest and Post - Employment Code for Public Office Holders into a new law called the Conflict of Interest Act ( which became law July 9 , 2007 ) ) but the Act does not contain the key Code rules that require upholding “ the highest ethical standards so that public confidence and trust in the integrity , objectivity and impartiality of government are conserved and enhanced ” ( subsection 3 ( 1 ) of the Code ) ; avoiding " apparent conflicts of interest " ( subsection 3 ( 1 ) of the Code ) ; in cluding avoiding " being placed or the appearance of being placed under an obligation to any person or organization that might profit from special consideration on the part of the public office holder ” ( subsection 22 ( 1 ) of the Code ) ••• Promise partially kept to " End ' venetian blind ' trusts that allow ministers to remain informed about their business interests , and require all ministerial assets to be placed in truly blind trusts " ( under the FAA , some ministerial assets are not required to be placed in truly blind trusts )
Promised measures not included in FAA : Promise broken to " Close the loopholes that allow ministers to vote on matters connected with their business interests " not included in FAA ( ministers are still allowed to vote on any matter that is of general application or that affects a broad class of people ) , even if they have a private interest in it ( including a financial or business interest ) , because of the definitions of " private interest " and " conflict of interest " in the Conflict of Interest Act ( which became law July 9 , 2007 ) ) ••• Promise broken to " Allow members of the public - not just politicians - to make complaints to the Ethics Commissioner " ( the FAA requires the Ethics Commissioner to investigate complaints filed by politicians , but still gives the Commissioner the right to refuse to investigate complaints filed by the public ) ••• Promise broken to " Make part - time or non-remunerated ministerial advisers subject to the Ethics Code " ( the FAA increases the number of part - timers and unpaid advisers not covered by most of the ethics rules )
Loopholes / flaws still in federal government 's accountability system :
Close the loopholes in the existing ethics rules set out in the above two sections ( and apply them and the following measures to all government institutions ( including all Crown corporations ) ••• selling major assets that are in any way likely to cause conflicts of interest ( a process known as " divestment " ) must be required by all public officials when they enter office ••• Cabinet ministers , their staff , senior public servants and MPs can easily hide large gifts they receive from lobbyists or others trying to influence them because they only have to disclose assets worth $ 10,000 or more every 4 months to the Ethics Commissioner ( disclosure should be required for assets worth $ 1,000 or more , with updates on changes required within 30 days ) ••• gifts of any kind worth more than $ 200 combined total annually to anyone in the federal government from anyone except relatives must be banned ( and gifts of any kind worth more than $ 200 combined total annually from relatives must be disclosed to the Conflict of Interest and Ethics Commissioner -- NOTE : the proposed new Conflict of Interest Act allows unlimited gifts from " friends " ) ••• as proposed by the federal Department of Finance ( For details , click here ) , and the United Nations Convention Against Corruption , place anyone with decision - making power on the anti-corruption watch list of the Financial Transactions and Reports Analysis Centre of Canada ( Fintrac ) so deposits to their bank accounts can be tracked ••• strengthen the independence and effectiveness of all the newly created politician and government employee ethics watchdog positions ( the Ethics Commissioner for Cabinet and MPs , the Senate Ethics Officer for senators , the Public Service Integrity Officer for government employees , the Registrar of Lobbyists for lobbyists ) by giving opposition party leaders a veto over appointees , and having Parliament ( as opposed to Cabinet ) approve their annual budgets ( as is currently the process for the Ethics Commissioner ) ••• prohibit the watchdogs from giving secret advice ••• require them to investigate all complaints ( including anonymous complaints ) ••• fully empower them to penalize rule - breakers with high financial penalties ••• change all the codes they enforce into laws ••• ensure that all their decisions can be reviewed by the courts .
( Go to Government Ethics Campaign for details about Democracy Watch 's proposals )
3 .
Conservatives ' rhetoric : " Under the Liberals , money and influence have played far too large a role in Canadian politics .
During the sponsorship inquiry , Canadians learned of envelopes full of cash being used to fund Liberal Party campaigns , and of money from government contracts being funnelled back to the Liberals .
The “ pay to play ” years in Liberal Ottawa must come to an end . " ( p. 8 of the Conservatives ' 2006 election platform document )
Promised measures implemented fully or partially : Promises partially kept to " Limit individual donations to parties or candidates to a maximum of $ 1,000 " and to " Ban cash donations to political parties or candidates of more than $ 20 " ( the FAA requires donations of money , property or services worth more than $ 200 to parties ( more than $ 500 to election candidates ) to be disclosed , and limits donations to parties or candidates to $ 1,100 annually , but secret , unlimited donations to nomination race and party leadership race candidates are still legal ( as long as the donations are not used for their campaign ) ) ••• Promise mostly kept to " Prohibit all corporate , union , and organization donations to political parties , ridings , and candidates " ( donations of hours of services by volunteers on leave from working at corporations , unions and other organizations are not limited , and are not required to be tracked and disclosed , making it very easy to give employees paid time off to " volunteer " for parties or candidates ••• Promise fully kept kept to " Extend to ten years the period for which Elections Act violations can be investigated and prosecuted . "
Promised measures not included in FAA : n/a Loopholes / flaws still in federal government 's accountability system : Require disclosure of all donations as noted in the above section ( including the identity of the donor 's employer ( as in the U.S. ) and / or major affiliations ) and loans quarterly and before any election day ( to close the loophole that currently allows secret , unlimited donations of money , property and services to nomination race and election candidates ) ••• limit loans to the same levels as donations ••• limit spending on campaigns for the leadership of political parties ••• lower the public funding of political parties from $ 1.75 per vote received to $ 0.75 per vote received ( to ensure that in order to prosper parties need to have active , ongoing support of a broad base of individuals ) ••• and ensure riding associations receive a fair share of this funding ••• give the Commissioner of Elections and the Chief Electoral Officer more investigative powers , especially the power to audit the finances and assets of political parties , riding associations , and candidates in nomination races and elections , and require them to conduct annual audits ( Go to Money in Politics Campaign for details about Democracy Watch 's proposals )
4 .
Conservatives ' rhetoric : “ If there are MPs in this room who want to use public office for their own benefit , or if there are Hill staffers who dream of making it rich by trying to lobby a future Conservative government -- if that ’s true of any of you , then you better make other plans or leave . ”
Stephen Harper , introducing the “ Federal Accountability Act ” pledge ( November 4 , 2005 ) Promised measures implemented fully or partially : - Promise partially kept to " Extend to five years the period during which former ministers , ministerial staffers , and senior public servants cannot lobby government " ( p.8 ) -- NOTE : the measures in Prime Minister Stephen Harper 's February 2006 version of the Conflict of Interest and Post - Employment Code for Public Office Holders ( which are still in effect ) allowed Ministers to exempt any of their staff from the five - year ban until July 2 , 2008 , when the new Lobbying Act was finally implemented -- under the new Act , ministerial staff are allowed to apply to the proposed new Commissioner of Lobbying for an exemption from the five - year ban Promised measures not included in FAA : n/a Loopholes / flaws still in federal government 's accountability system : Prohibit lobbyists from working for government departments or serving in senior positions for political parties or candidates for public office ( as in New Mexico and Maryland ) , and from having business connections with anyone who does ••• ban MPs , their staff , and government employees for one to three years ( depending on their decision - making power in government ) from becoming a lobbyist or working with corporations or organizations with which they had direct dealings while in government ••• anyone participating in the " employment exchange program " ( who are mainly people from large corporations ) is exempt under the FAA from the 5 - year ban on senior public office holders becoming lobbyists -- this huge loophole in the ban must be eliminated ••• lobbyists must be banned from becoming members of Cabinet for at least four years after they are elected as a federal politician ( Go to Government Ethics Campaign for details about Democracy Watch 's proposals )
II .
Open Government Measures
SECTION II OVERALL GRADE
E -
5 . Strengthening access - to - information system - E -
Conservatives ' rhetoric : " The Liberal government has consistently rejected attempts to provide Canadians with better access to government information .
The present Information Commissioner has gone to court several times to force the government to open its windows . " ( p. 12 of the Conservatives ' 2006 election platform document )
Promised measures implemented fully or partially : Promise fully kept to " Ensure that all Officers of Parliament [ including the Information Commissioner ] are appointed through consultation with all parties in the House of Commons and confirmed through a secret ballot of all Members of Parliament , not just named by the Prime Minister " ••• Promise fully kept to " Ensure that all government public opinion research is automatically published within six months of the completion of the project , and prohibit verbal - only reports " ••• Promise partially kept to " Expand the coverage of the [ Access to Information Act ] to all Crown corporations , Officers of Parliament , foundations , and organizations that spend taxpayers ’ money or perform public functions " ( the FAA added only 50 new federal government institutions to the list of institutions covered by the Act , and also changed the Act to allow draft reports to be kept secret until finalized ( delaying access significantly )
Promised measures not included in FAA : Promises broken to : " Implement the Information Commissioner ’s recommendations for reform of the Access to Information Act. " ••• to " Give the Information Commissioner the power to order the release of information . " ••• to " Subject the exclusion of Cabinet confidences to review by the Information Commissioner . " ••• to " Oblige public officials to create the records necessary to document their actions and decisions . " ••• to " Provide a general public interest override for all exemptions , so that the public interest is put before the secrecy of the government .
••• to " Ensure that all exemptions from the disclosure of government information are justified only on the basis of the harm or injury that would result from disclosure , not blanket exemption rules . " ••• and to " Ensure that the disclosure requirements of the Access to Information
Act cannot be circumvented by secrecy provisions in other federal acts , while respecting the confidentiality of national security and the privacy of personal information . "
Loopholes / flaws still in federal government 's accountability system : Strengthen the federal Access to Information Act and government information management system in the ways set out in the above section and by : applying the law to all government / publicly funded institutions ••• creating a public interest override of all access exemptions ••• having Parliament ( as opposed to Cabinet ) approve the Information Commissioner 's annual budgets ( as is currently the process for the federal Ethics Commissioner ) ••• giving the federal Information Commissioner the power to order the release of documents ( as in Ontario , Alberta and B.C. ) , to order changes to government institutions ' information systems , and to penalize violators of access laws , regulations , policies and rules ••• eliminating the $ 5 fee for filing a request for a record ( given that it is an unnecessary and unjustifiable barrier to access to information , and that processing the payment of the fee results in administrative costs for the federal government that exceed the fee ) ••• increasing the current five - hour free records search time to 10 hours ( given the lack of efficient , accessible information management systems in many government institutions ) ••• and ; setting one fee for copying records for all government institutions at a level no higher than the actual copying costs , and to require institutions to waive the copying costs if they will cause financial hardship to the requester ••• change the Privacy
Act to require disclosure of the identity of public servants who have done wrong ( Go to Open Government Campaign for details about Democracy Watch 's proposals )
6 .
Conservatives ' rhetoric : n/a
Promised measures implemented fully or partially : Promise partially kept to require disclosure of communications between lobbyists and ministers or senior government officials ( NOTE : the new Lobbying Act requires only those people who are required to register as lobbyists to disclose some of their communications with ministers and senior government officials ( as defined by regulations )
Promised measures not included in FAA : " Require ministers and senior government officials to record their contacts with lobbyists . " ( p.8 ) Loopholes / flaws still in federal government 's accountability system : Require that Ministers and senior public officials to disclose their contacts with all lobbyists , whether paid or volunteer lobbyists .
( Go to Government Ethics Campaign for details about Democracy Watch 's proposals )
7 .
Conservatives ' rhetoric : " Under the Liberals , lobbying government -- often by friends and associates of Paul Martin and other Liberal ministers -- has become a multi-million dollar industry .
Senior Liberals move freely back and forth between elected and non-elected government posts and the world of lobbying .
Liberal lobbyists have accepted success or contingency fee arrangements where they do n’t get paid unless they deliver the policy change their clients want . " ( p. 8 of the Conservatives ' 2006 election platform document )
Promised measures implemented fully or partially : Promises kept ( finally in July 2008 with proclamation of new Lobbying Act ) to " Ban success or contingency fee arrangements " ••• " Make the Registrar of Lobbyists an independent Officer of Parliament " ••• to " Give the Registrar of Lobbyists the mandate and resources to investigate violations " ••• and to " Extend to ten years the period during which violations can be investigated and prosecuted . "
Promised measures not included in FAA : n/a Loopholes / flaws still in federal government 's accountability system : Strengthen the Lobbyists Registration Act and Lobbyists ' Code of Conduct disclosure and regulation system by : closing the loophole that currently allows corporations to hide the number of people involved in lobbying activities ••• by requiring lobbyists to disclose their past work with any Canadian or foreign government , political party or candidate ••• and to disclose all their government relations activities ( whether paid or volunteer ) involving gathering inside information or trying to influence policy - makers ( as in the U.S. ) ••• and to disclose the amount they spend on lobbying campaigns ( as in 33 U.S. states ) ••• strengthen the ethics and enforcement system by adding specific rules and closing loopholes in the Lobbyists '
Code and making it part of the Act ••• giving opposition party leaders a veto over the appointment of the Commissioner of Lobbying ••• by having Parliament ( as opposed to Cabinet ) approve the Commissioner 's annual budget ( as is currently the process for the Ethics Commissioner ) ••• by prohibiting the Commissioner from giving secret advice ••• by ensuring that the Commissioner must investigate all complaints ( including anonymous complaints ) ••• by fully empowering the Commissioner to penalize rule - breakers ••• and by ensuring all Commissioner decisions can be reviewed by the courts .
( Go to Government Ethics Campaign for details about Democracy Watch 's proposals )
III .
Efficient Government Measures
SECTION III OVERALL GRADE
B
8. Strengthening spending rules , and powers of Auditor General / other enforcement bodies - B
Conservatives ' rhetoric : " The Liberal government commissions some $ 25 million per year in polling and public opinion research .
Much of this polling is conducted by Liberal - connected polling firms .
The Auditor General revealed that Paul Martin ’s Finance department commissioned polling for which there were “ only verbal reports ” ?
nothing was written down so there was no paper trail .
Yet the Martin government prevented the Gomery Commission from investigating this part of the Auditor General ’s report . " ••• " Under the Liberal government , abuse of the government contracting process has become commonplace .
Former Liberal cabinet minister Art Eggleton , for example , awarded an untendered contract to a former girlfriend .
He was later appointed to the Senate by Paul Martin . " •••
" In the spring of 2004 , the Liberal government told Canadians that the 2003 - 04 surplus would only be $ 1.9 billion .
In fact , it was $ 9.1 billion .
In 2004 - 05 , the Liberals spent about $ 9 billion at the end of the year to reduce their surplus to only $ 1.6 billion .
Just this year , the 2005 Budget estimated the 2005 - 06 surplus at $ 4 billion , a number no reputable economic forecaster accepted .
In the economic update only nine months later , this estimate had ballooned to $ 13.4 billion .
Governments cannot be held to account if Parliament does not know the accurate state of public finances . " •• •
" Over the past decade , the Auditor General has repeatedly blown the whistle on Liberal corruption .
From the $ 250 million sponsorship program , to the scandalous waste and mismanagement of the $ 1 billion HRDC grants boondoggle , to the ineffective $ 2 billion gun registry , nearly every audit turns up more examples of Liberal mismanagement . " ( all from pages 10 - 11 of the Conservatives ' 2006 election platform document ) •• • " The sponsorship scandal first came to light in an internal audit -- an audit which the Liberals initially tried to cover up .
Under the Liberals , the lines between ministers and non-partisan civil servants have been blurred , and clear lines of accountability need to be re-established . " ( p. 9 of the Conservatives ' 2006 election platform document )
Promised measures implemented fully or partially : Promise fully kept to " Ensure that all Officers of Parliament are appointed through consultation with all parties in the House of Commons " ••• Promise half - way kept to " Ensure that an independent review is conducted of government public opinion research practices discussed in Chapter 5 of the Auditor General ’s November 2003 report to determine whether further action , such as a judicial inquiry , is required " ( the review was completed by a handpicked person who did not have full independence , and it recommended that no inquiry be held ) ••• Promises mostly kept to : " Open up the bidding process for government advertising and public opinion contracts to prevent insider firms from monopolizing government business " ••• to " Review and amend all contracting rules to make the government ’s procurement process free from political interference " ( a new Code of Conduct for Procurement came into force September 19 , 2007 ) ••• to " Appoint a Procurement Auditor to ensure that all procurements are fair and transparent , and to address complaints from vendors " ( the new Procurement Ombudsman was established September 19 , 2007 to review complaints about violations of the Code of Conduct for Procurement ) ••• and to " Permit smaller vendors and vendors outside of the National Capital Region to receive due consideration for government contracts " ••• Promises mostly kept to : " Create an independent Parliamentary Budget Authority to provide objective analysis directly to Parliament about the state of the nation ’s finances and trends in the national economy " ( the Parliamentary Budget Officer ( PBO ) is a staff person of the Library of Parliament , and can be fired at any time for any reason , and the PBO has not received its promised full budget ) ••• to " Require government departments and agencies to provide accurate , timely information to the Parliamentary Budget Authority to ensure it has the information it needs to provide accurate analyses to Parliament " ••• and to " Ensure that government fiscal forecasts are updated quarterly and that they provide complete data for both revenue and spending forecasts " ••• Promises mostly kept to : " Ask the Auditor General to conduct , on an expedited basis , an audit of all federal grant , contribution , and contracting policies , and will commit to following her recommendations ••• to " Increase funding for the Office of the Auditor General to ensure she has the necessary resources to conduct a complete audit of grant and contribution programs and of any such departments , agencies , and Crown corporations as she deems necessary " ••• to " Allow the Auditor General to “ follow the money ” to end recipients by providing her with the statutory authority to conduct audits of the records , documents , and accounts of any individual , institution , or company that receives grants , contributions , or transfers under an agreement with the Government of Canada " ••• to " Ensure that all granting programs are reviewed every five years " ••• Promises mostly kept to : " Strengthen enforcement of government financial guidelines , and introduce new Criminal Code penalties for fraud involving the misuse of taxpayers ’ money " ••• Promises kept to : " Give the Comptroller General the overall authority for the internal audit function in each government department " to " Designate the deputy minister of each government department or agency as the Accounting Officer for that department .
The deputy will be responsible to Parliament for the departmental spending and administrative practices of his or her department ••• and to " Require that , in the event of a disagreement between a minister and deputy minister on a matter of administration , the minister must provide written instruction to the deputy minister and notify the Auditor General and Comptroller General of the disagreement " ••• Promise partially kept to " " Protect the integrity of the CPP investment fund to stop politicians from raiding it to balance the budget or pay for other political projects . "
••• Promise partially kept to " Increase the power of Parliament and parliamentary committees to review the spending estimates of departments and hold ministers to account . " ••• the federal Conservatives have also handed out billions in sole - source contracts for military hardware ( which the Auditor General is currently auditing )
Promised measures not included in FAA : n/a Loopholes / flaws still in federal government 's accountability system : as Justice Gomery recommended , any “ special reserve ” funds must be required to be under the control of Treasury Board and covered by an annual , public report •• •
The exemptions in the the Financial Administration Act and its regulations that essentially allow for sole - source contracts whenever the government wants must be closed ••• Everyone in the government must be required to submit the actual , detailed receipt ( showing the number of people at the event , what was purchased , by whom , and at what price ) for all expenses claimed to help prevent unjustified expense claims •••
Increase the independence of the Auditor General by : requiring approval of appointment from opposition party leaders ••• increase auditing resources of the Auditor General and having Parliament ( as opposed to Cabinet ) approve the Auditor General 's annual budget ( as is currently the process for the federal Ethics Commissioner ) ••• and ; empower the Auditor General to audit all government institutions ••• to preview and prohibit government advertising that promotes the ruling party , especially leading up to an election ( similar to the restrictions in Ontario , Manitoba and Saskatchewan ) ••• to audit the expense reports of everyone in the government to help prevent dishonest expense claims ••• to make orders for changes to government institutions ' spending systems ••• and to penalize violators of federal Treasury Board spending rules or Auditor General orders ••• Crown corporations must be required in the Financial Administration
Act to apply to court to have the court void any contract signed with a director of the corporation or an entity in which a director has an interest if it is discovered that the director did not disclose their interest to the corporation 's board of directors ( NOTE : currently , section 118 only allows the corporation to apply to court , but does not require the corporation to apply to court ) ( Go to Voter Rights Campaign for details about Democracy Watch 's proposals )
IV .
Representative , Citizen - Driven Government Measures
SECTION IV OVERALL GRADE
E +
9 . Increasing meaningful public consultation - E -
Conservatives ' rhetoric : According to all reports , the federal Conservatives have completely ignored the Canadian Federal Government 's Accord with Citizen Groups ( the so - called " Voluntary Sector " ) and Codes of Good Practice in Policy Dialogue and Funding .
Also , the Conservatives launched a highly questionable public consultation on democratic reforms in March 2007 --
To see a Democracy Watch news release analyzing the consultation , click here --
To see an article about the consultation results , click here Promised measures implemented fully or partially : Promise kept to " Appoint a Seniors Council comprised of seniors and representatives of seniors ’ organizations to advise the minister responsible for seniors on issues of national importance " ••• Promise not kept to " Hold a truly free vote on the definition of marriage in the next session of Parliament .
If the resolution is passed , the government will introduce legislation to restore the traditional definition of marriage while respecting existing same - sex marriages " ••• Promise partially kept to " Make all votes in Parliament , except the budget and main estimates , “ free votes ” for ordinary Members of Parliament " ••• Promise partially kept to " Increase the power of Parliament and parliamentary committees to review the spending estimates of departments and hold ministers to account . "
••• Promise not kept to " Place international treaties before Parliament for ratification . "
Promised measures not included in FAA : n/a Loopholes / flaws still in federal government 's accountability system :
Pass a law requiring all government departments and institutions to use consultation processes that provide meaningful opportunities for citizen participation , especially concerning decisions that affect the lives of all Canadians .
( Go to Voter Rights Campaign for details about Democracy Watch 's proposals )
10 .
Conservatives ' rhetoric : " The Liberals have repeatedly appointed insiders , in some cases completely unqualified , to important public offices .
Liberal candidates and MPs have received appointments as heads of Crown corporations , board members , and ambassadors .
Liberal staffers , including some of those responsible for the sponsorship program , have worked their way into key positions in thepublic service . " ( p. 9 of the Conservatives ' 2006 election platform document )
Promised measures implemented fully or partially : Promise fully kept to " Ensure that all Officers of Parliament are appointed through consultation with all parties in the House of Commons " ••• Promise mostly kept to " Prevent ministerial aides and other political appointees receiving favoured treatment when applying for public service positions " ••• Promise broken so far to " Establish a Public Appointments Commission to set merit - based requirements for appointments to government boards , commissions , and agencies , to ensure that competitions for posts are widely publicized and fairly conducted " ( the FAA states that the federal Cabinet " may " establish the Commission , and Prime Minister Stephen Harper has taken no steps to establish the Commission since a parliamentary committee rejected his handpicked patronage nominee for Chair of the Commission in April 2006 , and the federal Cabinet has appointed many Conservatives to key positions -- NOTE : in its October 2008 election platform , the Conservatives again promised to establish the Commission ) ••• Conservative Prime Minister Stephen Harper has made key decisions , and continues to be involved , in setting the terms of reference for a public inquiry into the Mulroney - Schreiber affair , and in choosing the inquiry commissioner Promised measures not included in FAA : n/a Loopholes / flaws still in federal government 's accountability system : Require approval by opposition party leaders for the approximately 3,000 judicial , agency , board , commission and tribunal appointments currently made by the Prime Minister ( including the board and President of the CBC ) , especially for appointees to senior and law enforcement positions , after a merit - based nomination process ••• and Change the federal Inquiries
Act to allow a majority of party leaders to launch an inquiry and to require approval by a majority of party leaders for setting the terms of reference for an inquiry , and for the selection of an inquiry commissioner or commission , and also to allow citizens to initiate an inquiry through a petition containing signatures from at least 10 % of Canadians ( Go to Voter Rights Campaign for details about Democracy Watch 's proposals )
11 .
Conservatives ' rhetoric : " Canada is a democracy , yet our democratic system has not kept pace with the needs of a changing society .
Paul Martin used to talk about a democratic deficit , but his actions as Prime Minister have deepened it .
A new Conservative government will be committed to significant democratic reform of our Parliamentary and electoral institutions . " ( p. 44 of the Conservatives ' 2006 election platform document )
Promised measures implemented fully or partially : Promises kept half - way to " Begin reform of the Senate by creating a national process for choosing elected Senators from each province and territory " ••• and to " Propose further reforms to make the Senate an effective , independent , and democratically elected body that equitably represents all regions . " ( the Conservatives have introduced bills , which have not passed , to set term limits for senators and to elect senators , and continue their efforts ( which continue to face legitimate barriers ( ie. questions about the constitutionality of the bills ) and illegitimate bariers ( ie. undue delays in responses by provincial governments and senators ) ) ••• appointed senators in violation of promise not to do so until reforms were implemented ••• appointed Supreme Court Justice before promised parliamentary review was completed
Promised measures not included in FAA : n/a Loopholes / flaws still in federal government 's accountability system : Attempt to reach an agreement with provincial governments ( as required by the Constitution ) to either abolish the Senate or reform the Senate ( with a safeguard that Senate powers will not be increased unless senators are elected and their overall accountability increased ) .
( Go to Voter Rights Campaign for details about Democracy Watch 's proposals )
12 .
Conservatives ' rhetoric : " Canada is a democracy , yet our democratic system has not kept pace with the needs of a changing society .
Paul Martin used to talk about a democratic deficit , but his actions as Prime Minister have deepened it .
A new Conservative government will be committed to significant democratic reform of our Parliamentary and electoral institutions . " ( p. 44 of the Conservatives ' 2006 election platform document )
Promised measures implemented fully or partially : Promise fully kept to give Electoral Officer the power to select returning officers for elections ••• Promise partially kept ( because the Prime Minister called an election in September 2008 before a non-confidence vote had occurred in the House of Commons ) to " Introduce legislation modeled on the BC and Ontario laws requiring fixed election dates every four years , except when a government loses the confidence of the House ( in which case an election would be held immediately , and the subsequent election would follow four years later ) " ••• Promise partially kept to " Restore representation by population for Ontario , British Columbia , and Alberta in the House of Commons while protecting the seat counts of smaller provinces " ( the bill introduced by the Conservatives restores representation by population for B.C. and Alberta , but not Ontario ) Promised measures not included in FAA : Promises broken to " Ensure that party nomination and leadersh ip races are conducted in a fair , transparent , and democratic manner " ••• and to " Prevent party leaders from appointing candidates without the democratic consent of local electoral district associations . "
Loopholes / flaws still in federal government 's accountability system :
Change the current voting law and system in the ways promised by the Conservatives set out in the above section , and also as follows : so that nomination and party leadership races are regulated by Elections Canada ( including limiting spending on campaigns for party leadership ) ••• so that Elections Canada determines which parties can participate in election debates based upon merit criteria ••• so that voters are allowed to refuse their ballot ( ie. vote for " none of the above " , as in Ontario ) ••• to provide a more equal number of voters in every riding ••• and to provide a more accurate representation in Parliament of the actual voter support for each political party while ensuring that all elected officials are supported by , and are accountable to , a majority of voters in a specific constituency ( and with a safeguard to ensure that a party with low - level , narrow - base support does not have a disproportionately high level of power in Parliament ) ••• require the media to give equal prominence to all numbers in survey result reports , to end the misleading hype of polls seen in the past few federal elections ( Go to Voter Rights Campaign for details about Democracy Watch 's proposals )
V. General Government Accountability Measures
SECTION V OVERALL GRADE
E +
13 . Facilitating citizen watchdog groups over government - I
Conservatives ' rhetoric : n/a
Promised measures implemented fully or partially : n/a Promised measures not included in FAA : n/a Loopholes / flaws still in federal government 's accountability system : Require federal government institutions to enclose one - page pamphlets periodically in their mailings to citizens inviting citizens to join citizen - funded and directed groups to represent citizen interests in policy - making and enforcement processes of key government departments ( for example , on ethics , spending , and health care ) as has been proposed in the U.S. and recommended for Canadian banks and other financial institutions in 1998 by a federal task force , a House of Commons Committee , and a Senate Committee .
( Go to Citizen Association Campaign for details about Democracy Watch 's proposals )
14 .
Conservatives ' rhetoric : " There have been many examples over the years of reprisals against government whistleblowers , including public servants who helped reveal the sponsorship scandal , and others who exposed waste and abuse in the Department of Foreign Affairs .
After pressure from the opposition and whistleblowers themselves , the Liberals brought forward weak legislation to deal with the issue .
Much more still needs to be done . " ( p. 10 of the Conservatives ' 2006 election platform document )
Promised measures implemented fully or partially : Promise mostly kept to " Give the Public Service Integrity Commissioner the power to enforce compliance with the Public Servants Disclosure Protection Act " ( in fact , the FAA gives a new Tribunal the power to enforce the Act ) ••• Promise partially kept to " Ensure that all Canadians who report government wrongdoing are protected , not just public servants " ( in fact , not even all public servants are protected ) ••• Promise partially kept to " Remove the government ’s ability to exempt Crown corporations and other bodies from the Act " ( in fact , the government has chosen not to have some bodies ( e.g. CSIS ) covered by the Act ) ••• Promise partially kept to " Require the prompt public disclosure of information revealed by whistleblowers , except where national security or the security of individuals is affected " ( in fact , some information will likely never be disclosed ) ••• Promise partially kept to " Ensure that whistleblowers have access to the courts and that they are provided with adequate legal counsel " ( in fact , whistleblowers have to first go to a new Tribunal , and in most cases will only be provided with $ 1,500 maximum for legal counsel costs )
Promised measures not included in FAA : Promise broken to " Establish monetary rewards for whistleblowers who expose wrongdoing or save taxpayers dollars " Loopholes / flaws still in federal government 's accountability system : Require everyone to report any violation of any law , regulation , policy , code , guideline or rule ••• and give all watchdog agencies over government ( for example : Auditor General , Information Commissioner , Privacy Commissioner , Public Service Commission , the four ethics watchdogs , Security and Intelligence Review Committee , the National Health Council ) full powers to investigate allegations of violations , to penalize violators , to protect anyone who reports a violation ( so - called " whistleblowers " ) from retaliation , to reward whistleblowers whose allegations are proven to be true , and to ensure a right to appeal to the courts .
( Go to Government Ethics Campaign for details about Democracy Watch 's proposals )
15 .
Perry prolonged a gag order issued by an Alameda County judge prohibiting either side in the case from discussing it in public .
He also rejected a request from Bay Area broadcasters to allow televised coverage of the trial in light of the intense public interest in the shooting death that provoked three days of rioting that damaged dozens of Oakland businesses .
Johannes Mehserle , who resigned from the Bay Area Rapid Transit police force a week after the shooting he admits to but contends was unintentional , will stand trial for murder before Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Robert J. Perry in May , the judge said at his pretrial hearing .
More than 100 protesters demanding justice for a Bay Area man shot to death by a BART police officer on New Year 's Day last year converged on a downtown Los Angeles courthouse today for the first proceedings since the racially charged case was moved here from Alameda County .
Perry said his experience of high - profile trials is that allowing cameras in the courtroom " is detrimental to the search for truth and justice . "
The judge said he would prohibit cellphones , texting , the use of laptop computers and all other means of recording or transmitting the proceedings when the trial begins in mid-May .
Mehserle , 28 , has received death threats , as have his family and attorneys , posing a risk to the safety of witnesses who might testify on his behalf , Perry said in denying broadcast coverage of the proceedings for the benefit of Bay Area residents unable to travel to Los Angeles for the trial .
Mehserle 's attorney , Michael Rains , told the court that his client was n't contesting the cause of death in the Jan. 1 , 2009 , slaying of Oscar J. Grant III at Oakland 's Fruitvale station .
What is at issue in the case , Rains said , is the former officer 's " intent " in the incident .
It is rare for a police officer to be charged with murder in an on - duty shooting due to the qualified immunity accorded law enforcement .
Many of the protesters who picketed the courthouse traveled from the Bay Area to hoist placards demanding justice for Grant , the 22 - year - old Hayward man shot to death as BART officers were trying to subdue a trainload of unruly New Year 's revelers .
Dozens of witnesses reported seeing the white officer shoot Grant , who is black , including some who captured the killing on cellphone cameras .
Mehserle told Alameda County authorities at preliminary court proceedings that he was reaching for his stun gun and accidentally drew his revolver instead .
" There are thousands of Oscar Grants everyday , " Hannibal Shakur , a 23 - year - old Oakland student making a documentary about the victim , said in front of the crowd outside the courthouse .
" It was a shame .
It was a clear murder , " Shakur said .
" Young brothers get killed by the police everyday .
I 'm guessing ( Mehserle ) wo n't be held accountable .
L.A. has a history .
If they wanted to give us justice , they could have done that in Oakland . "
The trial was moved to Southern California because of the high publicity surrounding the case in the Bay Area .
-- Carol J. Williams and Gerrick D. Kennedy
Photos : Protest in L.A. as former BART officer appears in court
Photos : BART shooting protests in January 2009
Photo : Protesters demanding justice for a Bay Area man shot to death by a BART police officer demonstrate outside the Criminal Courts building in Los Angeles .
Credit : Irfan Khan / Los Angeles Times
London , England ( CNN ) --
Iceland 's president accused the United Kingdom and the Netherlands on Friday of financially " bullying " his country .
Olafur Ragnar Grimsson said the two countries had been " using their influence within the International Monetary Fund " to stop it lending Iceland billions of dollars needed to rebuild the country 's debt - ridden economy .
" We are being bullied .
The British and the Dutch are using their influence within the IMF to prevent the IMF program from going forward , " Grimsson told CNN 's Richard Quest .
" We have a situation , where a small nation is in fact ready to shoulder part of this burden but does n't want to be put in a corner where the very survival of its economy in the next 10 years would be at stake . "
The comments came after the UK expressed anger at the highly controversial decision by Iceland 's president 's to veto a bill that would pay back billions of dollars Iceland owes the UK and Netherlands .
Britain was forced to spend $ 3.69 billion last year to cover the losses that British savers incurred when Icelandic banks collapsed .
The British and Dutch governments condemned the decision by President Grimsson and hinted at repercussions for Iceland 's bid to join the European Union and for its $ 10bn international economic rescue program .
Despite being already approved by Iceland 's parliament , Grimsson refused to sign the bill and called for a national referendum .
Grimsson told CNN : " May I remind that if you take the sum that the Icelandic taxpayers are asked to shoulder and you transform it in to the British economic system to get the relative size , this is equal to the British taxpayers being asked to pay £ 700 billion ( $ 1.1 trillion ) for the years and decades to come . "
Icelandic Prime Minister Johanna Sigurdardottir hinted that the move could further tarnish the country 's image and crush its hopes to become a member of the European Union .
" Uncertainty ... in the formal dealings with others countries can have unforeseen , wide - ranging and potentially damaging consequences for our society , " she warned .
And while the repayment of Iceland 's debt to the UK and the Netherlands is not theoretically a pre-condition for it to receive IMF funding , the president 's actions could hinder it .
But Grimsson told CNN his move was in the name of democracy .
He said he acted in response to the one - quarter of Icelanders who petitioned against the compensation bill that would cost about $ 17,300 per Icelandic citizen .
" We have forgotten that there are two pillars in the western heritage that we are proud of .
One is the evolution of the free market but the second is the evolution of democracy , " Grimsson told CNN .
" And what I did was when I was faced with a decision between the financial concerns on the one hand , and democracy on the other , I decided to go with democracy . "
Grimsson 's veto also reflects his country 's anger with their treatment at British hands at the height of the economic crisis , when the UK employed anti-terror legislation to freeze Icelandic assets .
" They put my country , on the official Web site , the British government Web site , side by side with al Qaeda and the Taliban .
" And the second thing was that Gordon Brown in October and Alistair Darling went on global television , including CNN and stated that Iceland was a bankrupt country .
" Which was utter nonsense at its best and financial terrorism on their part at its worst . "
He added : " This meant that companies all over the world , who had had dealings with Iceland , closed their operations down . "
As a result , said Grimsson , his economy was damaged by the British " to a greater extent than otherwise would have been the case . "
In a statement on January 6 , however , a spokesperson for the British prime minister said that " the Government expects the loan to be repaid .
" We are obviously very disappointed by the decision by the Icelandic President , but we do expect Iceland to live up to its legal obligations and repay the money . "
Iron Man may have seemed as polished as fresh power - armor , but the movie actually had no screenplay at all , says Jeff Bridges .
The chaos freaked him out , until he decided to think of it as a $ 200 million student film .
Advertisement
In an interview with InContention , Bridges explained that the Marvel superhero movie rushed into production to make its release date , with the director and star making up scenes as they went along :
" They had no script , man .
They had an outline .
We would show up for big scenes every day and we would n't know what we were going to say .
We would have to go into our trailer and work on this scene and call up writers on the phone , ' You got any ideas ? '
Meanwhile the crew is tapping their foot on the stage waiting for us to come on . "
Bridges , director Jon Favreau and Robert Downey Jr. would literally act out sequences during primitive rehearsals , Downey taking on Bridges 's role and vice versa , to find and essentially improvise their way to full scenes , the actor recounts .
Bridges says that the entire production was probably saved by the improv prowess of the film 's director and star .
" You 've got the suits from Marvel in the trailer with us saying , ' No , you would n't say that , ' " Bridges continued .
" You would think with a $ 200 million movie you 'd have the shit together , but it was just the opposite .
And the reason for that is because they get ahead of themselves .
They have a release date before the script , ‘ Oh , we 'll have the script before that time , ' and they do n't have their shit together .
" Jon dealt with it so well , " Bridges continues .
" It freaked me out .
I was very anxious .
I like to be prepared .
I like to know my lines , man , that 's my school .
Very prepared .
That was very irritating , and then I just made this adjustment .
It happens in movies a lot where something 's rubbing against your fur and it's not feeling right , but it 's just the way it is .
You can spend a lot of energy bitching about that or you can figure out how you 're going to do it , how you 're going to play this hand you 've been dealt .
What you can control is how you perceive things and your thinking about it .
So I said , ‘ Oh , what we 're doing here , we 're making a $ 200 million student film .
We 're all just fuckin ' around !
We 're playin ' .
Oh , great ! '
That took all the pressure off .
‘ Oh , just jam , man , just play . '
And it turned out great ! "
Advertisement
First off , that 's amazing that he called them " suits . "
He really is The Dude .
And second , this is just hilarious .
I can't believe they let Robert Downey Jr. and Jon Favreau just run with this stuff .
But , thank goodness they did , because what came out was a pretty great action flick blended with biting humor .
Still I can't imagine what it must have been for everyone else on set .
[ InContention via Worst Previews ]
Fidèles à leur banque depuis des années avec des comptes créditeurs : en guise de cadeau de fin d'année , ils ont été remerciés .
C'est le cas de Jean - Michel , peintre en bâtiment depuis 2005 et client du Crédit agricole depuis 1987 .
" Je viens de recevoir une lettre m'informant que mon compte sera clôturé dans 60 jours , raconte - t - il .
Pourtant , il est super - créditeur , avec 10 000 ou 15 000 euros en permanence , et je n'ai jamais eu le moindre incident de paiement . "
Dans son courrier , la banque ne donne aucune justification .
" Elle veut que j'ouvre un compte professionnel , qui me coûterait de l'argent et dont je n'ai pas besoin , car j'ai une micro- société , non soumise à la TVA " , a -t - il appris auprès du guichet de son agence .
" Comme j'ai refusé , j'ai été viré ... " , en conclut -il .
Pierre Peltre , retraité , client de la Banque transatlantique depuis trente ans , a subi le même sort .
" Sur mon compte , il y a en permanence entre 5 000 et 6 000 euros , grâce à de petits loyers qui tombent tous les trois mois , et environ 300 euros par mois d'entrées et de sorties , témoigne - t - il .
Un jour , j'ai découvert que la banque m'avait prélevé des frais de tenue de compte de 30 euros par mois .
Par téléphone , j'ai demandé pourquoi .
Mon interlocuteur m'a répondu que c'était lié à une activité insuffisante de mon compte , et qu'on les enlèverait si j'ouvrais un livret A . Je lui ai dit qu'ils étaient tous des voleurs .
Il m'a rétorqué : dans ce cas on attend que vous clôturiez votre compte , ce que j'ai fait . "
René Iglesias , client du Crédit agricole depuis trente ans , a été prié de changer de banque , lui aussi .
" Cela fait longtemps que mon agence me tanne pour que je prenne une carte bleue , dont je n'ai pas besoin , car les chèques me suffisent , raconte - t - il .
J'ai fini par dire oui quand elle m'a proposé de me la rembourser intégralement , en 2002 .
Je me suis forcé à m'en servir , et à faire moins de chèques , jusqu 'en 2009 .
Mais cette année , l'agence ne m'a remboursé que 20 euros , et non 34,90 euros .
Comme j'ai contesté cette décision , elle m'a envoyé en recommandé une lettre m'informant que mon compte et mes livrets seraient clôturés dans 45 jours .
J'ai demandé un délai d'un mois et demi , le temps de trouver une autre banque , et d'y transférer virements et prélèvements , mais il m'a été refusé . "
Dans une lettre du 3 décembre 2009 , la responsable " écoute qualité client " de la Caisse régionale du Crédit agricole du Centre - Loire explique à M. Iglesias :
" Nous constatons à regret ( ... ) que votre relation avec le Crédit agricole n'est plus basée sur la confiance et n'est donc plus constructive pour les deux parties . "
Elle lui reproche , en effet , de " contester régulièrement " le coût des services .
Les râleurs semblent être particulièrement dans le collimateur des banques .
Muriel Poirier , sa soeur et sa mère en ont fait l'amère expérience : elles viennent d'être éconduites du CIC , où elles avaient leurs comptes depuis 2000 .
" Nous avons contesté le fait que la banque ait opéré une saisie sur l'allocation handicapé de ma mère , alors que cette prestation , qui constitue son seul revenu , est insaisissable .
Nous avons demandé au médiateur du CIC d'intervenir .
Nous n'avons même pas obtenu de réponse " , explique Muriel , maître - nageur .
Interrogée par Le Monde , la Fédération bancaire française ( FBF ) n'est pas en mesure de dire si ce type de clôture de compte est fréquent .
" C'est la première fois que j'entends parler de ça " , déclare sa directrice de l'information , Colette Cova .
Pourtant , certaines associations de consommateurs disposent de lettres types pour les clients qui en sont victimes .
Car les banques ont , comme les clients , le droit de rompre la convention de compte .
Aucun recours n'est possible .
Mais elles doivent respecter un préavis .
" Le délai proposé par la charte des services bancaires de base est de 30 à 45 jours minimum .
Ce délai doit permettre au banquier d'avoir un entretien avec le client " , explique l'universitaire Thierry Bonneau , dans Droit bancaire , l'ouvrage de référence de la FBF .
Aucune des personnes interrogées par Le Monde n'a pourtant eu droit à un entretien .
Difficile d'estimer le nombre de clients créditeurs remerciés par leurs banques .
A la Banque de France , on précise que ces cas n'entrent pas dans les statistiques .
L'Association française des usagers des banques ( AFUB ) indique qu'elle a enregistré 500 plaintes et témoignages en 2009 .
" Depuis six mois , on assiste à une recrudescence du phénomène , avec 50 plaintes sur notre site Internet en décembre , déclare Serge Maître , le secrétaire général de l'AFUB .
Il y a eu une vague de clôtures autoritaires dans les années 1990 : les banques jetaient alors les personnes à risques .
Désormais , elles sanctionnent les clients qui ne répondent pas à leurs sollicitations et refusent la vente forcenée de prestations bancaires .
Il s'agit d'une nouvelle politique commerciale , qui tourne le dos à l'engagement qu'elles ont pris en 1992 auprès des pouvoirs publics de ne plus procéder de manière brutale à des clôtures de comptes . "
Sur le Web : Afub.org .
Rafaële Rivais
By Crewman Becky | January 18 , 2010 - 10:53 pm
Hi corporeal beings !
Crewman Becky here .
Have you ever noticed how the universal translator seems to know ( on its own ) when the speaker wants the listener (s ) to hear what they are saying in the speaker ’s original language ?
I ’ve been using this thing my whole life and then the other day it dawns on me , “ hey wait a minute , why is n’t Qapla ’ translated into English for me ? ”
I mean really , it ’s totally a translatable word , but for some reason I still hear it as Qapla ’ .
Well , after some intense observation , I ’m here to tell you that the answer is actually rather simple …air quotes .
Air quotes , you ask ?
Ya , you know ; the two handed , two fingered pull down done when someone wants to indicate a double meaning , or sarcasm .
Well , the universal translator interprets this gesture as actual quotations and keeps the audio in the speaker ’s original language .
Pretty ingenious actually .
Now , I know you ’re saying , “ No way , I ’ve never witnessed this for myself . ”
Not so !
Everyone has just gotten so good at doing this action subtly that it ’s hard to detect with the naked eye .
Seriously , can you imagine the flak a Klingon would take from his buddies if he did full on air quotes ?
So , of course , he ( and everyone else ) would try to hide it .
Sometimes it ’s pockets , sometimes it ’s hands behind the back , but more often than not the speaker just tries to keep your eyes focused on their face so you wo n’t notice the tiny air quotes motion , calmly at their sides .
Wow , this realization is totally blowing my mind .
I have no idea how I missed that social nuance this long , but maybe it ’s partially responsible for my 15 year career as a “ Crewman ” .
Hmmmm , I ’m going to have to do some thinking about this one .
It 's official .
The Oracle - Sun merger has been approved by the EU Commission .
There are no conditions .
Here 's the press release , in which Neelie Kroes states that she is now satisfied that the transaction would not significantly impede effective competition : " I am now satisfied that competition and innovation will be preserved on all the markets concerned .
Oracle 's acquisition of Sun has the potential to revitalise important assets and create new and innovative products . "
I 'm very grateful , personally , that the EU Commission cares about Open Source , but after its extensive investigation into MySQL , despite some misinformation , as I viewed it , it found , " The Commission 's in - depth investigation showed that although MySQL and Oracle compete in certain parts of the database market , they are not close competitors in others , such as the high - end segment . "
That is true .
It took into account Oracle 's pledges , for example the pledge to continue to release future versions under the GPL , and Oracle has already , the press release states , taken action to implement some of its other pledges " by making binding offers to third parties who currently have a licensing contract for MySQL with Sun to amend contracts " and the Commission believes that this should allow third parties " to continue to develop storage engines to be integrated with MySQL and to extend the functionality of MySQL . "
So I 'm satisfied that the decision was based on accurate information in the end , which was my chief concern , and I consider this , considering all the possibilities that were being considered , a happy ending .
Even better would be : 1 ) if Oracle would affirmatively confirm Sun 's patent pledge regarding Linux and Red Hat and 2 ) if it would update the GPL version on MySQL to GPLv3 .
[ Update : Here 's the report [ PDF ] , which is what they call the final decision . ]
Here 's the entire press release : ****************************************
Mergers : Commission clears Oracle 's proposed acquisition of Sun Microsystems
The European Commission has approved under the EU Merger Regulation the proposed acquisition of US hardware and software vendor Sun Microsystems Inc. by Oracle Corporation , a US enterprise software company .
After an in - depth examination , launched in September 2009 ( see IP /09/1271 ) , the Commission concluded that the transaction would not significantly impede effective competition in the European Economic Area ( EEA ) or any substantial part of it .
Competition Commissioner Neelie Kroes said : " I am now satisfied that competition and innovation will be preserved on all the markets concerned .
Oracle 's acquisition of Sun has the potential to revitalise important assets and create new and innovative products . "
Oracle is a supplier of business software , including middleware ( i.e. software that connects software components applications ) , database software , enterprise application software and related services .
Sun provides network computing infrastructure solutions that include computer systems , software , storage and services .
In 2008 , Sun acquired the open source database , MySQL .
The Commission 's in - depth investigation , opened on 3 September 2009 assessed whether the acquisition of the world 's leading open source database MySQL by Oracle , the leading proprietary database vendor , would lead to a significant impediment of effective competition within the EEA .
The database market is highly concentrated with the three main proprietary database vendors 
Oracle , IBM and Microsoft  accounting for approximately 85 % of the market in terms of revenue .
Although Sun 's share of the database market in terms of revenue is low , as users of MySQL can download and use the database for free , given its open source nature , the Commission 's investigation confirmed MySQL 's position as the leading open source database .
The Commission 's investigation therefore focussed on the nature and extent of the competitive constraint that MySQL currently exerts on Oracle and whether this would be affected by the proposed transaction .
The Commission 's in - depth investigation showed that although MySQL and Oracle compete in certain parts of the database market , they are not close competitors in others , such as the high - end segment .
Given the open source nature of MySQL , the Commission also assessed Oracle 's ability and incentive to remove the constraint exerted by MySQL after the merger and the extent to which this constraint could , if necessary , be replaced by other actors on the database market .
The Commission 's investigation showed that another open source database , PostgreSQL , is considered by many database users to be a credible alternative to MySQL and could be expected to replace to some extent the competitive force currently exerted by MySQL on the database market .
In addition , the Commission found that ' forks ' ( branches of the MySQL code base ) , which are legally possible given MySQL 's open source nature , might also develop in future to exercise a competitive constraint on Oracle in a sufficient and timely manner .
Given the specificities of the open source software industry , the Commission also took into account Oracle 's public announcement of 14 December 2009 of a series of pledges to customers , users and developers of MySQL concerning issues such as the continued release of future versions of MySQL under the GPL ( General Public Licence ) open source licence .
Oracle has already taken action to implement some of its pledges by making binding offers to third parties who currently have a licensing contract for MySQL with Sun to amend contracts .
This is likely to allow third parties to continue to develop storage engines to be integrated with MySQL and to extend the functionality of MySQL .
The Commission also examined the potential impact of Oracle 's acquisition of the intellectual property ( IP ) rights connected to the Java development platform in the context of the proposed transaction .
It found that Oracle 's ability to deny its competitors access to important IP rights would be limited by the functioning of the Java Community Process ( JCP ) which is a participative process for developing and revising Java technology specifications involving numerous other important players in the IT industry , including Oracle 's competitors .
The Commission also found that Oracle would not have the incentives to restrict its competitors ' access to the Java IP rights as this would jeopardise the gains derived from broad adoption of the Java platform and therefore the proposed transaction would raise no competition concerns in respect of the licensing of IP rights connected with Java .
The Commission also examined the potential effects arising from the proposed transaction on the market for middleware and in the ' IT stack ' , where the merger would strengthen Oracle 's presence .
It concluded that no competition concerns would arise in these areas in the light of the merged entity 's market shares and prevailing competition in the markets .
More information on the case is available at : http://ec.europa.eu/ competition/mergers/cases/index/m110.html#m_5529
( CNN ) --
Attackers firebombed another church in Malaysia on Saturday , the latest violence amid widespread Muslim rage over the Christian use of the word Allah as a term for God .
The Good Shepherd Lutheran Church in southwestern Kuala Lumpur received minor damage to its front porch , but no injuries were reported .
It follows the firebombings of three other churches late Thursday and early Friday .
Only one of those , Metro Tabernacle , was badly damaged .
The acts stirred unease in the diverse society -- which is 60 percent Muslim , 19 percent Buddhist , 9 percent Christian and 6 percent Hindu -- and political leaders from a range of parties deplored attempts to burn down the churches .
The violence comes as Muslims protest a recent court ruling that allowed a Catholic newspaper to use the word " Allah " for God .
Muslims believe Allah , an Arabic word , should only be used by Muslims .
The ruling was stayed after the government appealed the decision , according to Bernama , the Malaysian National News Agency .
Prime Minister Najib Razak visited Metro Tabernacle on Saturday and called for calm .
He also announced a government contribution of 500,000 ringgit , or more than $ 148,000 , to have Metro Tabernacle relocated .
Emphasizing his resolve to maintain ethnic and racial harmony in society , Razak also said the Muslim faith prohibits insulting other religions or destroying their sanctuaries .
– Posted on 09/12/2009
0 Flares Filament.io 0 Flares ×
It would seem that many folk seem to realise what a “ person ” is within the legal framework , yet fail to realise that the same implication of the legal fiction term ‘ person ’ exists in many legal words .
So I hope this may help somewhat .
If you live and breathe you are a man or woman and not , and never can be , a legal ‘ PERSON ’ , ‘ CITIZEN ’ , ‘ SUBJECT ’ , ‘ INDIVIDUAL ’ , ‘ TAXPAYER ’ , ‘ MR ’ , ‘ MRS ’ , ‘ SIR ’ , ‘ MISS ’ , ‘ RESIDENT ’ , ‘ MEMBER OF THE PUBLIC ’ , ‘ VOTER ’ , or the like , within the ‘ public ’ , ‘ legal ’ , and ‘ corporate ’ arena .
‘ Public ’ is pertaining to the ‘ State ’ ( Blacks Law 5th ) , and private is pertaining to the man or woman .
If in your thoughts , language or paperwork you classify yourself as any of the above , then you are firmly stuck in the matrix of the illusion .
Forget worrying about whether as a man or woman you fit into a classification status box with such legalese terms as , ‘ natural person ’ etc .
But keep in mind that when dealing with any ‘ public ’ entity , you are dealing with legal , NOT ‘ private ’ lawful , and the definitions within the legal framework will always refer to artificial entities , a /k / a legal fictions .
A man or woman is commonly known within the layman law community as foreign ( Black ’s Law 5th Edition , “ Foreign ” – belonging or attached to another jurisdiction ; non-resident person , corporation , executor ) to the public ( legal / political ) and therefore in the public arena .
Theoretically in the legal system , a real sentient man or woman does not appear and cannot be seen in the public .
This is why , when addressing a public entity on a private document , it is commonly practised by the layman law folk , to refer to the private side first and then doing business as , i.e. Gordon Brown , d/b/ a First Lord of the Treasury , and Prime Minister .
Do n’t refer to them as Mr Gordon Brown or Prime Minister Gordon Brown , as you would then be going straight to the public side ( legal title and fiction ) .
If you do , you cannot have a meeting of the minds and a private agreement with an artificial entity and legal fiction .
Please be aware that Mr , Mrs , Miss and Sir can all be considered legal appellations and therefore point straight towards a legal Title , which signifies legal ownership and therefore fiction .
Folks can get very drawn into the name that appears on documents from a public entity , and some believe that if it is n’t in CAPITALS or does n’t have Mr or Mrs , etc , preceding the name , then it must be directed at the man / woman .
It is easier to be aware that any and all presentations coming from the public are always directed at the fiction and artificial entity – remember a man / woman cannot be seen by the public .
Some folk still consider themselves as a ‘ Taxpayer ’ .
Yet look on any Tax related paperwork and what name do you see ?
The legal fiction !
And where does the paperwork originate ?
The public !
So a taxpayer is a ‘ Member of the Public ’ and therefore an artificial entity and legal fiction – a man / woman is not a taxpayer .
A ‘ Resident ’ signifies an entity that is residing within something .
For instance , the property you may be sitting in whilst reading this article will have a legal title and therefore the legal ownership will be within the UNITED KINGDOM ( UK ) ; mind you , ultimately , if you keep on going down the rabbit hole maybe even the Vatican appears ?
But lets keep it simple hey !
Men and women are not part of or within the legal fiction , UK , and therefore a man or woman is not a resident of the UK , only an artificial entity and legal fiction can be a resident of the UK .
So , do NOT use the term ‘ Resident ’ or ‘ Residence ’ ( Blacks Law 5th Edition , Resident , any ‘ person ’ who occupies a dwelling within the ‘ State . ’ ) on any private documents .
Always use c/o address , omit the postcode or place between four - corners , i.e. [ SW1A 2TL ] , and state , ‘ Non Domestic without the UK ’ – being that you are a man or woman you cannot be part of the UK Corporation .
Even the term ‘ Individual ’ means artificial entity and legal fiction within the legal framework ( Blacks Law 5th Edition , Individual , denotes a single ‘ person ’ as distinguished from a group or class ) .
I have attached a copy of the , “ POLICE POWERS OF ARREST AND CRIMINAL EVIDENCE ACT ” with all the ‘ persons ’ and ‘ individuals ’ highlighted , and obviously not a man or woman in sight .
Just remember this , the legal system is written to facilitate commerce , fictions , the use of fraud and deception and to create divide and elitism .
So the legal system is not written for the protection of men or women , but the protection of commerce .
Therefore every legal defined term is theirs , so let them use their legal definitions on themselves .
The easiest way to overturn all legalese presumptions and assumptions on your documents is to add the following statement :
“ All words herein are as John : Doe defines them . ”
And a great phrase to have with you at all times in a court situation is ,
“ It is my understanding that I am a man / woman commonly known as John of the family Doe , and not a person or any other artificial entity ; does the court possess any evidence to prove otherwise ? ”
As soon as you create an acknowledged void between you , the man or woman and the artificial entity , then one final question destroys everything they thought they might have had ,
“ Does the court have a valid claim against me here today ? ”
Of course they do n’t .
They may have a claim against the artificial entity , but not against you , the man or woman … matter over .
Creating the void between the legal fiction , the man / woman on paper , in thought and in language , adds fuel to the growing awareness of whom and what you are and who and what you are not .
As a great exercise , try this :
Sit with your eyes shut for just a couple of minutes and ask yourself who you are .
But you are not allowed to refer to your given name , nationality , gender , religion , occupation , politics , family , roles , race or culture .
There is a deeper self that is nothing of these .
Contemplate this :
“ Thought requires consciousness , yet consciousness does not require thought ! ”
Warmest regards ,
Matt .
About the author
( NewsTarget )
The proliferation of drug- resistant " superbugs " has been steadily increasing due to the widespread use of antibiotic drugs .
Particularly in pigs , chickens , and cows , excessive antibiotic use by farmers has led to killer infections that do not respond to antibiotic treatment .
Over 65,000 people die every year from such infections , leading many researchers to believe that the antibiotic - induced plague has finally arrived .
The Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) , and the U.S. Department of Agriculture ( USDA ) , all agree that the overuse of antibiotics is a serious problem that needs to be addressed .
The World Health Organization ( WHO ) also concurs that public health is at stake because of increasing antibiotic resistance .
Many farm animals today are given low , steady doses of antibiotics like penicillin which , over time , encourage bacteria to mutate and become resistant to antibiotics .
Factory farm conditions are often so filthy that farmers administer the drugs just to keep the animals alive .
Many administer them to healthy animals in order to cause them to grow faster .
Either way , super - bacteria eventually develop and become so powerful that no drug is able to stop them .
The resurgence of diseases like tuberculosis , staphylococcus aureus ( staph ) , and malaria is being linked to antibiotic drugs .
Newer and much deadlier forms of these diseases have emerged that are increasingly being passed from animals to humans .
Roughly 70 percent of the 35 million pounds of antibiotics that were purchased in the U.S. in 2008 were given to livestock animals used to feed humans .
Each year , antibiotic use in animals increases about eight percent , probably due to the fact that feeding costs for young pigs drop about 30 percent when antibiotics are given .
Drug - resistant bacteria grow and fester on animals , only to be contracted by farmers whose scratches , cuts , and other injuries leave them prone to deadly infection .
Drug - resistant bacteria eventually end up in the meat at the grocery store where it gets passed on to consumers .
When farmers first began giving their animals fluoroquinolones , a group of synthetic antibiotics that includes ciprofloxacin , those drugs gradually became ineffective at treating deadly human infections .
Just a few years after the practice began , the drugs became effective only 20 percent of the time at treating the new deadly infections that had emerged .
Scientists later discovered that the bacteria had made its way to humans via pork products where it originated .
Unless something is done to limit antibiotic use , deadly strains of super - infection will continue to increase .
All efforts to curb antibiotic use in animals have been defeated by pharmaceutical companies and farm organizations that say the animals need the drugs to stay healthy .
Sources : Ethan
Huff is a freelance writer and health enthusiast who loves exploring the vast world of natural foods and health , digging deep to get to the truth .
He runs an online health publication of his own at http://wholesomeherald.blogspot.com
A Bittorrent Seedbox vs Usenet : 10 Reasons
Why a Seedbox is a Waste of Money
BEIRUT , Lebanon 
The outside world may be focused on Iran ’s intensifying confrontation with the West over its nuclear program .
But at home , Iranians are more concerned with an ambitious and risky new effort to overhaul the country ’s troubled economy .
If it goes awry , the plan to phase out Iran ’s system of state subsidies , which has existed for decades , could profoundly destabilize the government of Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , who has aggressively championed change .
But it could also help wean Iran from its dependence on foreign gasoline and insulate the economy from new sanctions  which are a strong possibility if Iran continues to defy Western pressure over its nuclear program .
The new plan has been the subject of frenzied debate in shops , blogs and homes across Iran , not to mention the Parliament .
Lawmakers across the political spectrum have warned of catastrophic price shocks once subsidies are lifted .
Conservatives seem deeply worried about the repercussions , with some saying the plan could lead to a crime wave , or worse .
Opposition leaders like Mir Hussein Moussavi have begun hinting that the government ’s failure to stem economic pain could become their new rallying cry .
There is widespread agreement that selling everyday goods at far below market prices , which costs the Iranian government an estimated $ 100 billion a year , makes little economic sense .
It encourages overconsumption of gasoline and other products , discourages domestic production and makes Iran more dependent on imports , economists say .
The subsidies are also regressive , because the rich pay the same artificially low prices as the poor and consume far more .
And they encourage smuggling .
It was April the forty - first
Being a quadruple leap year
I was driving in downtown Atlantis
My barracuda was in the shop
So I was in a rented stingray
And it was overheating
So I pulled into a Shell Station
They said I 'd blown a seal
I said , " Fix the damn thing
And leave my private life out of it
Okay pal ? "
While they were doing that
I walked over to a place called the Oyster Bar , a real dive
But I knew the owner
He used to play for the Dolphins
I said " Hi Gil "
You have to yell , he 's hard of herring
Think I had a wet dream
Cruisin ' thru the Gulf Stream
Ooh Ooh Ooh Ooh
Wet dream
Gil was also down on his luck
Fact is he was barely keeping his head below water
I bellied up to the sandbar
He poured me the usual
Rusty snail , hold the grunion
Shaken not stirred
With a peanut butter and jellyfish sandwich on the side
Heavy on the mako
I slipped him a fin
On porpoise
I was feeling good
I even dropped a sand dollar in the box for Jerry 's squids
For the halibut
Well the place was crowded
We were packed in like sardines
They were all there to listen to the big band sounds of Tommy Dorsal
What sole
Tommy was rockin ' the place with a very popular tuna
Salmon Chanted Evening
And the stage was surrounded by screaming groupers
Probably there to see the bass player
One of them was this cute little yellowtail
And she 's giving me the eye
So I figured this is my chance for a little fun
You know , piece of Pisces
But she said things I just could n't fathom
She was too deep , seemed to be under a lot of pressure
Boy , could she drink
She drank like a . . .
She drank a lot
I said " What 's your sign "
She said " Aquarium "
I said " Great , let 's get tanked "
Think I had a wet dream
Cruisin ' thru the Gulf Stream
Ooh Ooh Ooh Ooh
Wet dream
I invited her to my place for a midnight bait
I said " Come on baby , it 'll only take a few minnows "
She threw me that same old line
" Not tonight , I gotta haddock "
And she was n't kidding either
Cause in came the biggest , meanest looking haddock
I 'd ever seen come down the pike
He was covered with mussels
He came over to me and said
" Listen , shrimp , do n't you come trollin ' around here "
What a crab
This guy was steamed
I could see the anchor in his eyes
I turned to him , I said
" A - balone , you 're just being shellfish "
Well , I knew it was going to be trouble and so did Gil
‘ Cause he was already on the phone to the cods
The haddock hits me with a sucker punch
I catch him with a left hook
He eels over
It was a fluke but there he was
Lying on the deck , flat as a mackerel
Kelpless
I said " Forget the cods Gil
This guy 's gonna need a sturgeon "
Well , the yellowtail was impressed with the way I landed her boyfriend
She came over to me , she said
" Hey , big boy , you 're really a game fish
What 's your name "
I said " Marlin "
Think I had a wet dream
Cruisin ' thru the Gulf Stream
Ooh Ooh Ooh Ooh
Wet dream
Well , from then on we had a whale of a time
I took her to dinner , I took her to dance
I bought her a bouquet of flounders
And then I went home with her
And what did I get for my trouble
A case of the clams
Think I had a wet dream
Cruisin ' thru the Gulf Stream
Ooh Ooh Ooh Ooh
Wet dream
Cruisin ' thru the Gulf Stream
Ooh Ooh Ooh Ooh
Wet dream
Cruisin ' thru the Gulf Stream
Ooh Ooh Ooh Ooh
— Courtesy of Kip Adotta and Dr. Demento
NASA Predicts Non-Green Plants on Other Planets
Image right :
In the process of photosynthesis , plants convert energy from the sun into chemical energy in the form of glucose , or sugar .
The chlorophyll in plants absorbs more blue and red light from sunlight , and less green light .
Chlorophyll is green , because it reflects green light more than blue and red light .
Click image to enlarge .
Credit : NASA Ames
Image left :
This is an illustration of what plants may look like on different planets .
Click image to enlarge .
Credit : Caltech illustration by Doug Cummings
Image left :
The Hertzsprung - Russell diagram developed by 2 astronomers in 1912 , plots some of the characteristics of a large number of stars .
They plotted spectral class vs. luminosity ( brightness ) of a large sample of stars .
Our Sun 's luminosity is 3.9 x 1026 Joules /s .
The plot spans a large range in luminosity from a fraction of our Sun 's brightness ( 0.01 times ) to ( 10,000 times ) much greater the strength of our Sun.
Stellar surface temperatures range from 3,500 degrees Kelvin ( K ) ( 5,840 Fahrenheit ( F ) ) to 50,000 K ( 89540 F ) .
Our Sun is a G star .
Credit : NASA
Image right :
This SeaWiFS satellite image shows chlorophyll ( which indicates ocean plants ) in the Earth 's oceans .
The Normalized Difference Vegetation Index ( NDVI ) measures the amount and health of plants on land , while chlorophyll a measurements indicate the amount of phytoplankton in the ocean .
Land vegetation and phytoplankton both consume atmospheric carbon dioxide .
Credit : SeaWiFS Project , NASA / Goddard Space Flight Center , and ORBIMAGE
Click image to enlarge
Image above :
This graph shows the intensity of light by color ( wavelength ) that reaches the surface of Earth - like planets orbiting different types of stars .
From hotter to cooler , the star types are F , G , K , and M. Our Sun is a G2 star ( yellow line ) .
A planet orbiting an F2 star ( red line ) has more blue light at the surface , whereas Earth and the K2 star planet receive more red light .
Planets around M stars receive much less visible light but much more infrared light .
Atmospheric gases such as ozone ( O3 ) , oxygen ( O2 ) , water vapor ( H2O ) , and carbon dioxide ( CO2 ) absorb light at specific wavelengths , producing the pronounced dips that astronomers might someday detect .
Then in the diagram 's horizontal axis , mark the wavelengths from 0 to 0.4 microns as UV , 0.4 to 0.7 as visible , and longer than 0.7 as infrared .
Credit : NASA
Rob Gutro
Goddard Space Flight Center
NASA scientists believe they have found a way to predict the color of plants on planets in other solar systems .
Green , yellow or even red - dominant plants may live on extra-solar planets , according to scientists whose two scientific papers appear in the March issue of the journal , Astrobiology .
The scientists studied light absorbed and reflected by organisms on Earth , and determined that if astronomers were to look at the light given off by planets circling distant stars , they might predict that some planets have mostly non-green plants .
" We can identify the strongest candidate wavelengths of light for the dominant color of photosynthesis on another planet , " said Nancy Kiang , lead author of the study and a biometeorologist at NASA 's Goddard Institute for Space Studies , New York .
Kiang worked with a team of scientists from the Virtual Planetary Laboratory ( VPL ) at the California Institute of Technology , Pasadena , Calif .
VPL was formed as part of the NASA Astrobiology Institute ( NAI ) , based at the NASA Ames Research Center in California ’s Silicon Valley .
" This work broadens our understanding of how life may be detected on Earth - like planets around other stars , while simultaneously improving our understanding of life on Earth , " said Carl Pilcher , director of the NAI at NASA Ames .
" This approach -- studying Earth life to guide our search for life on other worlds -- is the essence of astrobiology .
" Kiang and her colleagues calculated what the stellar light would look like at the surface of Earth - like planets whose atmospheric chemistry is consistent with the different types of stars they orbit .
By looking at the changes in that light through different atmospheres , researchers identified colors that would be most favorable for photosynthesis on other planets .
This new research narrows the range of colors that scientists would expect to see when photosynthesis is occurring on extrasolar planets .
Each planet will have different dominant colors for photosynthesis , based on the planet ’s atmosphere where the most light reaches the planet ’s surface .
The dominant photosynthesis might even be in the infrared .
" This work will help guide designs for future space telescopes that will study extrasolar planets , to see if they are habitable , and could have alien plants , " said Victoria Meadows , an astronomer who heads the VPL .
The VPL team is using a suite of computer models to simulate Earth - size planets and their light spectra as space telescopes would see them .
The scientists ' goal is to discover the likely range of habitable planets around other stars and to find out how these planets might appear to future planet - finding missions .
On Earth , Kiang and colleagues surveyed light absorbed and reflected by plants and some bacteria during photosynthesis , a process by which plants use energy from sunlight to produce sugar .
Organisms that live in different light environments absorb the light colors that are most available .
For example , there is a type of bacteria that inhabit murky waters where there is little visible light , and so they use infrared radiation during photosynthesis .
Scientists have long known that the chlorophyll in most plants on Earth absorbs blue and red light and less green light .
Therefore , chlorophyll appears green .
Although some green color is absorbed , it is less than the other colors .
Previously , scientists thought plants are not efficient as they could be , because they do not use more green light .
According to scientists , the Sun has a specific distribution of colors of light , emitting more of some colors than others .
Gases in Earth 's air also filter sunlight , absorbing different colors .
As a result , more red light particles reach Earth 's surface than blue or green light particles , so plants use red light for photosynthesis .
There is plenty of light for land plants , so they do not need to use extra green light .
But not all stars have the same distribution of light colors as our Sun .
Study scientists say they now realize that photosynthesis on extrasolar planets will not necessarily look the same as on Earth .
" It makes one appreciate how life on Earth is so intimately adapted to the special qualities of our home planet and Sun , " said Kiang .
NASA GISS is a leading center in the study of Earth ’s past , present and future climates , research that is vital for understanding how life impacts and is impacted by the atmosphere on other planets .
The NAI , founded in 1997 , is a partnership between NASA , 12 major U.S. teams and six international consortia .
NAI 's goal is to promote , conduct and lead integrated multidisciplinary astrobiology research and to train a new generation of astrobiology researchers .
Post sez ,
For several years , a leaky pipe on 33rd Street in New York beneath the Hell Gate Bridge viaduct approach has submerged more than a hundred square feet of heavily - trafficked sidewalk under a festering cesspool of standing water .
Astoria Scum River , as it's called , stretches the entire width of the sidewalk , and as winter approaches , the river ices over and becomes particularly hazardous to cross .
Astoria Scum River Bridge was constructed to offer Astorians an opportunity to safetly cross this hazard .
The unauthorized bridge is a gift to the pedestrians of Astoria in the absence of successful municipal efforts to ameliorate the problem .
The bridge was made at zero cost entirely from recycled materials : an old work bench found on the curb , rescued screws from a disassembled desk , and a metal plate from an expired electrical component .
It was installed and dedicated on December 30th , 2009 .
On January 25th , 2010 , Astoria Scum River Bridge was the subject of a commendation from the office of NYC Council Member Peter F. Vallone , Jr. , accompanied by a pledge to work with Amtrak to re-route Astoria Scum River off the sidewalk .
The bridge remains in place as this work progresses .
Last week , as I explained in a recent article , Shaker Aamer , the last British resident in Guantánamo , who was seized in Afghanistan in 2001 after traveling to Afghanistan with his friend Moazzam Begg ( and their families ) to establish a girls ’ school in Kabul , won a significant victory in the British High Court .
Lord Justice Jeremy Sullivan ruled that evidence in the possession of the British government , regarding his torture in US custody in Kandahar , Afghanistan , before his transfer to Guantánamo , must be made available to lawyers working on his behalf in the United States , so that they can make representations to the Obama administration ’s interagency Task Force , which is currently reviewing the cases of the remaining prisoners in Guantánamo , and is expected to reach a decision sometime next month .
The documents include claims that British agents were , on occasion , present during brutal interrogations that punctuated a regime in which Aamer was “ subjected to weeks of torture including sleep deprivation over nine days , cold water torture which led to frostbite , ‘ hog tying ’ and regular beatings along with threats that he would be sent to be tortured in Egypt , Jordan , or Israel . ”
As a result of this treatment , Aamer has claimed that he made false confessions , which are being used against him , even though a military review board under the Bush administration cleared him for release from Guantánamo in 2007 .
On Wednesday , the legal action charity Reprieve , which represents Aamer in the US , announced that , at a hearing on Thursday , the British security services would argue that they are not required to release the information to Aamer “ because he has not been formally charged with a crime . ”
This prompted Reprieve ’s director , Clive Stafford Smith , to exclaim , “ Essentially , MI5 are saying they would owe Shaker this evidence if the Americans would bother to charge him .
But because Shaker will have no charge and no trial , they say he has no right to any evidence at all and must continue to face indefinite detention with no end in sight .
What kind of down - the - rabbit - hole argument is this ? ”
In the end , however , despite flagging up this argument , and claiming that they would apply for a “ Public Interest Immunity ” certificate to resist the disclosure of the material on national security grounds , government lawyers capitulated at the last minute .
As the proceedings got underway on Thursday , Lord Justice Sullivan and Mr. Justice Lloyd Jones announced that “ overnight , ” as Paul Cahalan explained for the Wandsworth Guardian , the government “ had agreed Mr. Aamer ’s US lawyers — with the relevant security clearance — could have access to the files . ”
As Paul Cahalan described it , Aamer ’s barrister , Richard Hermer QC , “ welcomed the development but told the court the U - turn showed the Government had not ‘ done all it could ’ ” to secure his client ’s release , as had previously been claimed .
“ The assertion that they had done everything they possibly could is incorrect , ” he said , adding , as Clive Stafford Smith explained last week , with reference to the fact that the documents had been provided to the US government , but not to Aamer ’s lawyers , “ By sending documents with an express proviso they were not shown to the claimant does not match their claim . ”
Lord Justice Sullivan adjourned the case until January to give the Task Force time to hand over material to Aamer ’s lawyers , explaining that “ the case would be made redundant if the material was handed over , ” and adding , pointedly , “ It would seem to us that dealing with the matter in this way might concentrate the minds of those involved with both governments … it seems this is in the best interests of all parties . ”
As I mentioned in my recent article , I hope that this attempt by Lord Justice Sullivan to “ concentrate the minds of those involved with both governments ” will lead to Shaker Aamer ’s prompt release , as he has suffered for too long in US custody , not because of what he is alleged to have done — involving a selection of spurious allegations of involvement with al - Qaeda which appear to have been derived from his false confessions under torture , and possibly through false allegations made by other prisoners under unknown circumstances — but because he has been an eloquent and outspoken opponent of the manner in which the prisoners have been abused and deprived of their rights .
Speaking after the ruling , Clive Stafford Smith described it as “ a step forward , ” but , as Paul Cahalan put it , was “ wary of the concession being used as a delaying tactic — as the US would now have a short time to agree to releasing the documents . ”
As Stafford Smith explained , with reference to the case of Binyam Mohamed , the British resident released in February , whose story also involves the complicity of the British intelligence services , in an even more harrowing example of the use of torture in the “ War on Terror ” :
To date , everything has been a delaying tactic .
One might well ask why anyone would think it appropriate to cover up evidence of torture under any circumstances .
I ’m not sanguine about this .
The question is how we can make them do it .
Last time , with Binyam Mohamed , they reached a deal with the US and the US prosecutors still gave us only seven of the 42 agreed documents , and it took another round of litigation in the UK to force the issue .
Both Stafford Smith and Gareth Peirce , Shaker Aamer ’s solicitor in the UK , expressed concerns that the US could transfer their client back to his native country , Saudi Arabia , where , as Paul Cahalan explained , “ pressure groups like Amnesty International have concerns about human right abuses , ” and where , as I explained last week , both the British and American governments would also be secure that he would not be able to speak out freely about his deep knowledge of abuse at Guantánamo .
As Gareth Peirce stated after the hearing , “ We know they have already tried to make him board a plane to Saudi Arabia once and this could happen again . ”
She also said that the case was important in forcing the Government to make public information relating to the activities of the security services .
“ What we are saying is that the UK has been complicit in appalling crimes , abuses and tortures , ” she explained , adding , “ There ’s a fight to the death in the courts to keep this secrecy . ”
As the case of Binyam Mohamed shows ( which I reported most recently here ) , this “ fight to the death ” has now been ongoing for 14 months , although the judges show no indication of backing down .
In Shaker Aamer ’s case too , the message from the courts seems to be that questions of national security have nothing to do with topics involving the alleged wrongdoing of the British intelligence services , and that uncovering the truth is extremely important in the interests of justice , whether it leads to embarrassment on the part of the government or to something far darker : proof of complicity in the war crimes initiated , in the name of fighting terrorism , by the government of George W. Bush .
Andy Worthington is the author of The Guantánamo Files : The Stories of the 774 Detainees in America ’s Illegal Prison ( published by Pluto Press , distributed by Macmillan in the US , and available from Amazon — click on the following for the US and the UK ) .
To receive new articles in your inbox , please subscribe to my RSS feed ( and I can also be found on Facebook and Twitter ) .
Also see my definitive Guantánamo prisoner list , published in March 2009 , details about the new documentary film , “ Outside the Law : Stories from Guantánamo ” ( co-directed by Polly Nash and Andy Worthington , and launched in October 2009 ) , and , if you appreciate my work , feel free to make a donation .
Fill out confidential form below :
First Name *
Last Name *
State Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut DistrictOfColumbia Florida Illinois Indiana Iowa Kentucky Louisiana Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Mexico New York North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Dakota Tennessee Texas Vermont Virginia Washington
City
Phone *
Email *
Enter captcha
Start NOW to reduce your personal and business debt !
A CHRISTIAN police group which believes that the power of prayer can help catch criminals has been given a Â £ 10,000 Home Office grant to fight crime .
The Christian Police Association ( CPA ) , reports The Telegraph , was handed the one - off cash payment to help publicise its message , which includes encouraging members of the public to pray that criminals are swiftly brought to justice .
Do some research , read local newspapers , talk to your Neighbourhood Police Officer , check out the police web site , find out the trouble hot spots , listen to local radio and TV news and use relevant items as prayer fuel .
Be informed when praying and be specific .
As you find out about a particular issue , continue to pray about every aspect of it .
Keep praying and keep watching .
It is important to let groups know you are praying .
The group believes that praying can help police to solve crimes , protect officers from injury on duty and reduce anti-social behaviour .
The cash helped the group launch the CoAct project – which encourages Christians and police to help fight crime together and even provides a set of guidelines advising people what to pray for .
The guidelines include praying for :* Neighbourhood police officers and frontline police *
Success in preventing and detecting crime *
Catching offenders and bringing them to justice *
Sick and injured officers * Officers to ‘ resist corruption ’ and to be able to ‘ relax ’ when they are off duty *
Local streets or housing estates plagued by crime – they are told to pray for ‘ God ’s peace and protection ’ for the area *
A reduction in crimeThe guidelines also suggest that worshippers find out about trouble hotspots in their area and pray for their salvation .
The CoAct website states :
Asked whether the power of prayer could help reduce crime or be used to solve crime , a spokesman for the CPA said :
There is circumstantial evidence to suggest that prayer may help to reduce crime and community tension .
Its website adds :
Praying specifically for your local policing situation may well bring tangible results .
Individuals and churches in neighbourhoods can , so to speak , â€˜adopt a cop ’ by praying for specific officers , staff and teams at their local police station , as well as places and issues , and so offer that prayerful support .
Specifically find out the names of your local neighbourhood policing team and commit to praying for them .
Don Axcell , the executive director of the 2,000 - strong CPA and a retired sergeant for the Met , told Police Review this week :
In one particular area , an officer was investigating an incident but he had not been able to apprehend a suspect .
He encouraged a church to pray for him and within days a suspect had been arrested and charged .
In another area , an officer encouraged churches to pray about domestic burglary and over the year it came down by 30 per cent .
We do not discount good police work , which is why we call it circumstantial evidence .
The CPA encourages visitors to its website to watch this YouTube videeo featuring Cardiff - based Jim Hillier , of South Wales Police , who tells viewers that he never misses an opportunity to spread the Gospel among his colleagues .
Hat tip : PaulEd
The men who advised former President Bush to waterboard detainees and deprive them of sleep will be cleared of charges of professional misconduct by a Justice Department ethics report .
The report , which has yet to be released , states that Jay Bybee , now a federal appellate court judge , and John Yoo , now a law professor , showed “ poor judgment , ” but will not face legal action for their advocacy of harsh interrogation tactics .
ADVERTISEMENT
Previously , the probe concluded that the two men violated professional obligations , meaning Yoo could be barred from practicing law and Bybee could be impeached .
Now , not so much .
The torture memos of Bybee and Yoo , officials in the Bush Justice Department ’s Office of Legal Counsel , outraged civil liberties groups and Democrats because they protected CIA interrogators from legal consequences for torture .
The winds began to turn for Yoo when attorneys with the Obama administration filed a brief arguing against prosecution .
The brief states that because
Yoo was giving advice to the president on a national security matter , Yoo should not be held accountable for his actions as it would have a chilling effect on advice provided to future presidents .
Shortly after the release of the memos in March 2009 , constitutional law professor Jonathan Turley told MSNBC ’s Keith Olbermann that the memos “ provide the very definition of tyranny . ”
“ These memos include everything that a petty despot would want , ” Turley said .
Unloved
Dimensions : 5 x 2.75 inches ( 24 - pages ) .
Dimensions : 5 x 2.75 inches ( 24 - pages ) .
Description : Rejected by his family , unemployed and with no one to turn to , Jimmy was ready for suicide .
But then he met the One who truly loves him .
This morning I was awoken by my alarm clock powered by electricity generated by the public power monopoly regulated by the US department of energy .
I then took a shower in the clean water provided by the municipal water utility .
After that , I turned on the TV to one of the FCC regulated channels to see what the National Weather Service of the National Oceanographic and Atmospheric Administration determined the weather was going to be like , using satellites designed , built , and launched by the National Aeronautics and Space Administration .
I watched this while eating my breakfast of US Department of Agriculture inspected food and taking the drugs which have been determined as safe by the Food and Drug Administration .
At the appropriate time as regulated by the US Congress and kept accurate by the National Institute of Standards and Technology and the US Naval Observatory , I get into my National Highway Traffic Safety Administration approved automobile and set out to work on the roads build by the local , state , and federal departments of transportation , possibly stopping to purchase additional fuel of a quality level determined by the Environmental Protection Agency , using legal tender issed by the Federal Reserve Bank .
On the way out the door I deposit any mail I have to be sent out via the US Postal Service and drop the kids off at the public school .
After spending another day not being maimed or killed at work thanks to the workplace regulations imposed by the Department of Labor and the Occupational Safety and Health Administration , enjoying another two meals which again do not kill me because of the USDA , I drive my NHTSA car back home on the DOT roads , to ny house which has not burned down in my absence because of the state and local building codes and fire marshal ’s inspection , and which has not been plundered of all it ’s valuables thanks to the local police department .
I then log on to the internet which was developed by the defense advanced research projects administration and post on freerepublic and Fox news forums about how SOCIALISM in medicine is BAD because the government can’t do anything right .
After a big public announcement of the sort Apple had this week for the iPad CEO Steve Jobs often takes time in the day or two afterwards to have a Town Hall at One Infinite Loop , making himself available for questions from employees bold enough to stand up and take one right between the eyes .
This time , the big topics included Google and Adobe — no surprises there .
Google recently unveiled its own Android - powered handset , the Nexus One , whose release Jan. 5 prompted Jobs to perhaps over - react by announcing on the same day that the iTunes store had served up three billion apps and that " ... we see no signs of the competition catching up any time soon . "
Apple 's billionth iPhone app download was greeted with great fanfare , but the two billionth not so much , so it felt a tad like Jobs was feeling some heat .
And the absence of Adobe Flash support on the iPhone for three years and counting , and now on the iPad , is either celebrated by users as a poke in the eye of one of the web 's most dextrous tools , or the most over - rated and overused crutch for decent design .
Jobs , characteristically , did not mince words as he spoke to the assembled , according to a person who was there who could not be named because this person is not authorized by Apple to speak with the press .
On Google :
We did not enter the search business , Jobs said .
They entered the phone business .
Make no mistake they want to kill the iPhone .
We wo n't let them , he says .
Someone else asks something on a different topic , but there 's no getting Jobs off this rant .
I want to go back to that other question first and say one more thing , he says .
This do n't be evil mantra : " It 's bullshit . "
Audience roars .
About Adobe :
They are lazy , Jobs says .
They have all this potential to do interesting things but they just refuse to do it .
They do n't do anything with the approaches that Apple is taking , like Carbon .
Apple does not support
Flash because it is so buggy , he says .
Whenever a Mac crashes more often than not it 's because of Flash .
No one will be using Flash , he says .
The world is moving to HTML5 .
The world , of course , includes Google , which last week in a somewhat more modest development bypassed Apple 's iPhone app blockade by unveiling an html5 version of Google Voice , which takes full advantage of mobile Safari on the iPhone .
Wired.com found it to be an impressive variation of the app Apple has neither approved nor officially rejected .
And it is , of course , in keeping with Google 's stated view ( Android app marketplace notwithstanding ) that the future is really in web - based applications and not in mobile apps at all .
Web - based applications of the sort html5 makes much more viable .
So , great work rallying the troops , Steve — but be careful what you wish for .
( Update , 1/31 2:00 pm ET :
In a post on macrumors.com Arnold Kim adds some more details from the Town Hall , including tough talk from Jobs about a blistering pace of iPhone updates , the LaLa acquisition , the next iPhone and ( ahem ) another candid assessment , of Blu - Ray . )
( Update , 1/31 4:20 pm ET : Another member of the audience , who also requires anonymity because this person is also not authorized to speak to the media , disputes the " bullshit " quote and says Jobs actually said : " Do n’t be evil is a load of crap , " as first reported by Daring Fireball .
This source also asserts that Jobs had nice things to say about how Adobe , or at least how the company used to be , as John Gruber 's " little birdie " also told him first . )
See Also :
Notes on the History of Anarchism in literature : a chronology
This is a chronological listing of events in anarchist history which have inspired authors .
It ’s chronological by event , not by dates of writing or publication .
It ’s subject - oriented , not a list of fiction by anarchists ( nor in which the odd anarchist character passes through ) .
Nor is it a comprehensive list .
Writers are usually drawn to dramatic events ( bombs and revolutions ) or the familiar historical figures and so miss the everyday agitation that makes up so much of anarchist history .
Many events , movements , even whole continents are missing , mainly because it concentrates on literature written in - or translated into - English .
Translated works are given two dates : first publication and first English - language publication .
Other pieces chart the recycling of stereotyped anarchists ( e.g. Soho Crackpots and Nhat Hong ’s The Anarchist Beast ) .
Though utopias , fantasies and alternate worlds do tell us a lot about the world in which they were written , I wo n’t record them here .
I ’ll leave it to others to argue the identifying features of Anarchist fiction .
Meanwhile , here are some of the events from anarchist history which have ‘ escaped ’ into fiction .
1848 The year of revolutions ( Paris , Dresden , Vienna etc. )
Michael Bakunin ( 1813 - 76 ) fights on the barricades in Dresden with Richard Wagner ( 1813 - 83 ) .
Bakunin is apparently the inspiration for Siegfried in The Ring .
He gets his own novel later : Bakunin : an invention ( 1970 , 1977 ) by Horst Bienek ( 1930 - )
1871 The Paris Commune , a seminal event for the whole socialist movement , generated a whole slew of reportage and fiction including :
The Debacle ( published 1892 ) by Emile Zola ( 1840 - 1902 ) which covers both the Franco - Prussian War and the Commune which followed .
Zola also wrote Germinal , ( 1885 ) a novel of revolt set in the French coal fields .
Zola was not a socialist , or a radical , and his Rougon - Macquart series was based on the social Darwinist idea of a heritage of ‘ tainted blood ’ .
Souvarine , the Anarchist in Germinal is yer actual muttering , cloak wearing stereotype ( with the difference that he blows up the mine , rather than the mine owners which e.g. Ravachol tried ) .
None of this stopped a generation of anarchists responding to the theme of primal revolt and calling their kids ‘ Germinal ’ .
1880s Birth and spread of the European anarchist movement
The Princess Casamassima ( 1886 ) by Henry James ( 1843-1916 ) : Peter Kropotkin ( he ’s the princess ) and Johann Most fictionalised , and anarchism sensationally misrepresented .
As a reviewer says in the Cienfuegos Press Anarchist Review : ‘ To describe and comment upon the actual plot of the novel would be to dignify it quite unjustifiably . ’
Richard Whiting in No 5 John Street features Dan Chatterton , ( as ‘ old ‘ 48 ’ ) anarchist and publisher of Chatterton ’s Atheistic , Communistic , Scorcher .
There ’s an article on Chatterton in KSL Bulletin # 11 .
1886 Haymarket and the Chicago Martyrs .
The trial and judicial murder of the Haymarket defendants for the ‘ crime ’ of being anarchists was the subject of many plays within the movement ( eg Pietro Gori ’s Primo Maggio , 1895 . )
The Bomb , ( 1908 ) by Frank Harris ( 1856-1931 ) : A novel of the Haymarket affair , in which Rudolph Schnaubelt ( one of the historical candidates for the bomb - thrower , but probably not ) confesses all …
Harris conflates the anarchist politics of Louis Lingg ( one of the accused ) with a his own view of socialism , but the narrative clips along fairly .
1890s
A Girl Among the Anarchists by ‘ Isobel Meredith ’ ( actually by Olivia & Helen Rossetti ) published 1903 , reprinted 1993 : Not a novel but a fictionalised memoir of their time in the movement editing The Torch .
The 1890s were also the decade of ‘ Propaganda by the deed ’ :
Ravachol ( François - Claudius Koenigstein , 1859 - 1892 ) gave his name to a musical hall song .
Marius Jacob ( ‘ Jacob the Burglar ’ ) was the inspiration for Maurice Leblanc ’s ( 1864-1941 ) character Arsene Lupin ( multiple novels , 1907 - 39 ) .
1894 ( February 15 ) The Greenwich explosion
The Secret Agent ( published 1907 ) by Joseph Conrad ( 1857-1924 ) : Ironic novel in which your author vents his spleen on revolutionists , recycling and revitalising stereotypes which are still called into service to this day .
1900s , the rise of Anarcho - syndicalism .
How Shall We Bring About The Revolution ? ( 1913 ) by Emile Pataud and Emile Pouget ( 1860 - 1931 ) : syndicalist fiction .
Pouget had previously edited Le Père Peinard ( Cool Daddy ) 1889 - 1902 , the Class War of its time .
1901 Czolgosz assassinates McKinley …
which forms part of Stephen Sondheim ’s musical Assassins .
1910 - 1920 The Mexican Revolution
The Jungle Novels , written in German in the 1930s by B. Traven ( ? 1882-1969 ) comprising Government ( 1931 ) , The Carreta ( 1931 ) , March to the Monteria aka The March to Caobaland ( 1933 ) , The Troza ( 1936 ) , The Rebellion of the Hanged ( 1936 ) and The General From The Jungle ( 1940 ) .
‘ No example exists where human beings could be oppressed , muzzled and beaten so long that finally they gave up all thought of resistance or rebellion .
The less somebody governing a nation is gifted with brains , the more he attempts to make all resistance impossible by measures of brutal force .
Even in the most arbitrary dictatorship imaginable , one fifth of the population remains untouched .
And this is precisely is never the worst part of the population .
This one fifth of the population , which he , the dictator , has never been able to reach , causes his downfall . ’
B. Traven , The March to Caobaland aka The March to the Monteria .
A chronicle of oppression and rebellion ( with more rebellion as the series goes on ) showing the course of the Mexican revolution .
A mixing of two streams : popular revolt and conscious anarchism ( much like the revolution itself ) .
Traven ’s life is a great work of fiction in itself ( and the unravelling of it a several volume affair ) .
He declared that a writer should have no biography but his works , partly due to the fact that as a German anarchist involved in the Munich Soviet he was keen to muddy the waters of his past .
His other works , including The Death Ship ( 1926 , 1934 ) , Der Wobby ( 1926 ) / The Cottonpickers ( 1956 ) and Treasure of the Sierre Madre ( 1927 , 1934 ) , are also loaded with libertarian sentiments .
1910 - 12 The Bonnot Gang
Men in Prison ( written in the 1930s , not published until 1967 ) by Victor Serge ( 1890 - 47 , born Kibalchich ) : A fictional account of his time inside ( 1912 - 17 ) , having been sent down after the trial of the Bonnot Gang .
Serge is an interesting figure , and not only because he ’s a very good writer .
Some people see him as maintaining a libertarian aspect , even after leaving the anarchist movement ( even in his opposition to Stalinism he did n’t fall into hero - worshipping Trotsky , at least . )
Others suspect that Memoirs of a Revolutionary ( 1951 , 1963 ) skips lightly over the extent to which he was involved in the Bolshevik bloodletting of dissidents before he too started to question the rule of the Party .
And some can reprint some of his most anti-anarchist essays of 1919 / 20 , worthy of any chekist , presumably to show us the errors of our ways ( The Revolution in Danger Redwords , 1997 ) .
Also of interest in terms of anarchist history :
1910 - 12 Lost Men ( Les Hommes Perdus , written in the 1930s ) : Novel on the Bonnot Gang and Paris anarchist milieu confiscated by the Russian political police when he was expelled in 1936 .
For a long time impossible to imagine this ever being published , we ’d be more than happy to see a photocopy if anyone can get one …
1917 Birth of our Power , published 1931 : The CNT revolt in Barcelona , again a fictional account of events that he witnessed .
Getting back to the Bonnot Gang , Pino Cacucci has written an account titled Without a Glimmer of Remorse ( published by Christiebooks )
1911 The Siege of Sydney Street ( made all the more tempting and mysterious by the shadowy ‘ Peter the Painter ’ . )
A Death Out Of Season by Emmanuel Litvinoff ( 1915 - ) , published 1973 : fictional account of the Siege , part of a trilogy .
1914 - 18 The ‘ War to End Wars ’
The Good Soldier Svejk and his Fortunes in the World War ( aka Schweik ) by Jaroslav Hasek ( 1883-1923 ) , written 1921 - 23 .
Shortened English edition 1939 , full version 1973 : Hasek ( an anarchist ) shows that if you ca n’t have a general strike to stop war , you can at least make the officers regret that they brought you along .
1917 - 22 The Russian Revolution .
Anarchists were involved in both February and October revolutions but were outmanoeuvred , incarcerated and executed by the Bolsheviks ( as were many other workers who threatened the power of the ‘ workers ’ vanguard ’ ! )
But in the Ukraine , the Anarchist Insurgent Army of Nestor Makhno ( 1889 - 1935 ) lasted longer .
‘ Discourse on the Tachanka ‘ and ‘ Old man Makhno ’ by Isaac Babel ( 1894 -1941 ) : Fighting in and writing about the Red Cavalry ( title of one of his short story collections , 1926 , 1929 ) you could n’t avoid writing about the Makhnovschina , the anarchist insurgents of the Ukraine .
However , as a loyal ( and sensible , self - preseving ) party member , you had to take the piss out of them , so his stories are more useful as examples of fairy tales about anarchists than accounts of the time .
Makhno also turns up in the ( also fictitious , but less slanderous ) poem ‘ Makhno ’s Philosophers ‘ by John Manifold ( 1915 - 85 ) Featured in KSL : Bulletin of the Kate Sharpley Library # 9 .
1920 - 27 Framing and execution of Sacco and Vanzetti , which like Haymarket in 1886 also generated much fictional comment including :
Boston ( written and published 1928 ) by Upton Sinclair ( 1878 -1968 ) : Sinclair ’s hot - off - the - press response to the Sacco - Vanzetti case .
1920s Chinese Anarchism
Pa Chin ( or Ba Jin : given name Li Feigan / Kei-kan 1904 - 2005 ) was one of China ’s favourite novelists .
He took his name from the first syllable of Bakunin and the last of Kropotkin .
He started writing in the 1920s with Mieh - Wang ( Destruction ) .
He produced non-fiction , including The Chicago Tragedy ( 1926 ) and Past Anarchists ( 1931 ) Works of fiction available in English include Family ( 1931 , 1958 ) and Cold Nights .
After the communist triumph he was forced to rewrite anarchist characters into ‘ communist ’ ones , but he remained true to his anarchist beliefs even through the ‘ Cultural revolution ’ .
1927
Fog on the Tolbiac Bridge by Leo Malet ( 1909 - ) published 1956 : Nestor Burma , everyone ’s favourite ex-anarchist private detective , is drawn into a case involving old comrades .
1930s ‘ Hot years ’ of Spanish Anarchism with regular insurrections leading up to the Spanish revolution of 1936 - 7 .
Seven Red Sundays ( 1932,1936 ) by Ramon J. Sender , ( 1901 - 82 ) .
A tale of insurrection , published in English just before the Spanish workers got their big chance in July 1936 .
Lean Men ( 1934 ) by Ralph Bates ( 1899 - ) .
Hooray for jolly English chaps from the Comintern who can wean hearty Spanish workers away from silly ideas like anarchism , and when they kill people , have to do it in self defence .
American poet Phillip Levine ( 1928 - ) has written poems for Francisco Ferrer , Francisco Ascaso and Buenaventura Durruti .
His collections include Not This Pig ( 1968 ) , Red Dust ( 1971 ) , They Feed The Lion ( 1972 ) , 1933 ( 1974 ) , On The Edge and Over ( 1963/76 ) , The Names of the Lost ( 1976 ) , 7 Years From SomewhereAshes ( 1979 ) , One For The Rose ( 1981 ) , Off The Map ( 1984 ) , Sweet Will ( 1985 ) , The Simple Truth ( 1994 ) , The Mercy ( 1999 ) . ( 1979 ) ,
1936 Spanish Revolution
Hugo Dewar has an excellent poem ( Barcelona 1936 ) on this :
They too were storming heaven
Do you think they fought in vain ?
Red Rose and The Lover Under Another Name by Ethel Mannin ( 1900 - 84 ) : Emma Goldman ( 1869 - 1940 , an irresistible subject for novelists , playwrights etc. if ever there was one in the anarchist ranks ) is fictionalised by author who also worked with her on aid for Spanish Anarchists during the Spanish revolution and civil war .
The Man Who Killed Durruti , by Pedro de Paz ( 2003 , 2005 ) : historical detective fiction examining the death of the best - known Spanish anarchist militant in Madrid , November 1936 .
1960 End of an era in the Spanish anarchist resistance to Franco , with the death of Francisco ‘ El Quico ’ Sabate ( 1915 - 60 ) , almost the last member of the second wave of the resistance to fall .
Killing a Mouse on Sunday by Emric Pressburger ( 1902 - 88 ) , published 1961 .
Filmed as Behold a Pale Horse .
Novel loosely based on the life and death of Sabate , legendary anarchist guerrilla .
For some reason it includes a sympathetic priest , but it ’s easier reading than Chaos and Night , ( 1964 ) Henry de Montherlant ’s ( 1896 - 1972 ) gloomy work on the same theme ( last trip of a guerrilla ) .
1969 Milanese anarchist Guiseppe Pinelli is murdered by Italian police who are busily attempting to pin the blame for neo -fascist / secret service bombings onto the anarchists as part of the ‘ strategy of tension ’ .
Accidental Death of An Anarchist by Dario Fo ( 1926 - ) published 1970 : Translated into English in 1980 , and continually updated to keep topical references sharp , it is now a classic farce .
The ‘ police version ’ of the murder which was ridiculous and not funny has become the peg for humour which will , at best , say those in power ca n’t be trusted , and at worst tell people how brave they are for listening to someone say it .
1980s
Hard Walls of Ego by Don Bannister ( d.1986 ) , published 1987 : Downbeat novel of anarchist activity and interpersonal relationships , where an Joe Telford , an anarcho - syndicalist veteran returns to activism and emotional involvement .
Top line ( about prison ) : ‘ This is a right unhealthy place , this . ’
1990s -
No doubt novelists ( and poets and playwrights ) will continue to find inspiration in the dramatic events of political revolt , or the small struggles of everyday life .
Sometimes the result is readable fiction , sometimes even readable fiction with an understanding of the ideas and actions of anarchists .
No doubt a wider trawl ( or a couple of months with a typewriter ) could extend the list of events covered above .
A lawsuit filed against investment bank Goldman Sachs by a shareholder alleges that the company spent more money on corporate bonuses than it earned in 2008 .
Shareholder Ken Brown ’s lawsuit is one of two suits filed against the company this week over its controversial decision to hand out billions of dollars in bonuses even after it was accused of playing a central role in the financial collapse of 2008 and receiving $ 10 billion in direct aid from the US government .
ADVERTISEMENT
In his lawsuit ( PDF ) , Brown states that Goldman Sachs gave out $ 4.82 billion in bonuses in 2008 , despite earnings of only $ 2.32 billion that year .
The lawsuit alleges that the company spent 259 percent of its income in the first quarter of 2009 on compensation .
Goldman Sachs handed out $ 16.7 billion in compensation in the first nine months of 2009 , according to Bloomberg news service , and that figure may reach $ 22 billion for the entire year .
Brown ’s suit says the company typically sets aside 44 percent of its net revenue for employees .
“ Payment of this exorbitant amount of compensation , which has little to do with Goldman Sachs ’s performance , and was financed in large part with government bailout and taxpayer money , is a waste of the company ’s assets and a breach of duty and loyalty , ” Brown asserts in the suit .
Brown ’s suit asks the court to order the company to return the bonus money to company coffers .
In another lawsuit , filed Thursday , an Illinois pension fund that is a Goldman shareholder demanded that Goldman return some of the compensation it has handed out since the financial collapse .
The Central Laborers ’ Pension Fund wants compensation for damages to shareholders from the company ’s compensation spending .
ADVERTISEMENT
Reuters reports :
The lawsuit contends that Goldman ’s revenue for the year was artificially inflated by government bailouts of the banking industry and the insurer American International Group Inc , as well as a change in Goldman ’s fiscal year .
Such sums , and Goldman ’s practice of continuing to pay out nearly 50 percent of net revenue as compensation , show “ scant regard ” for the interests of shareholders , it said .
Both lawsuits “ are completely without merit , ” Goldman Sachs spokesman Michael DuVally told Bloomberg news .
ADVERTISEMENT
Goldman Sachs has paid back the $ 10 billion it received in direct aid from taxpayers , meaning the company is not bound by government compensation limits .
But the $ 10 billion figure does n’t include the billions more the company received thanks to pressure by the Fed on insurance giant AIG to pay all of its debts to Goldman — and other AIG creditors — in full .
On Thursday , it was revealed that during the financial crisis , the New York Fed — then run by current Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner — tried to cover up its demand that AIG use taxpayers ’ money to compensate Goldman Sachs .
What do you get when you convince Tobey MaGuire , John Stossel , and Eva Mendes to get nude and fight each other ?
Well , you get a pornographic romcom about post - millennial intercourse in a world where gender still matters .
This video is on the DVD Gavin McInnes is a Fucking Asshole . ”
CLICK HERE TO GET YOURS
-TV CARNAGE
Today marks the deadline for the first round of comments to the FCC regarding its proposed " net neutrality " regulations .
Here 's a quick summary of what EFF had to say in its comments to the Commission :
While the question of how to best protect the openness of the Internet is a timely and important one , EFF believes the FCC currently lacks the statutory authority to issue the broad regulations on ISPs that it has proposed .
The " ancillary jurisdiction " that the FCC has asserted as a basis for the regulations is legally insufficient and would , if accepted , give the FCC potentially unbounded power to regulate the Internet however it likes .
In other words , if the FCC wants to issue net neutrality regulations , it needs to wait until Congress passes a net neutrality bill .
If the Commission nevertheless chooses to forge ahead with the regulations proposed , EFF urges it to make the following revisions designed to protect the free speech and privacy interests of Internet users , and to foster competition and innovation .
First , in order to protect the free speech interests of Internet users , the Commission should reject copyright enforcement as " reasonable network management . "
Copyright enforcement has nothing to do with the technical business of network management .
Moreover , the proposed regulations , by their terms , already exclude " unlawful content , " making any exception for copyright enforcement unnecessary .
Should ISPs want to deploy copyright enforcement technologies that inflict collateral damage on lawful content , those ISPs should be required to submit any such technologies to the Commission for pre-deployment review as part of a transparent public waiver process .
Second , in order to protect the privacy interests of Internet users , the Commission should clarify that the law enforcement exception applies only to an ISP ’s legal obligations to address the needs of law enforcement .
Because the six proposed neutrality principles do not , by their terms , apply to unlawful content or activities , a general exception for law enforcement is unnecessary .
Should ISPs want to voluntarily deploy technologies that would block lawful activity in the course of addressing the needs of law enforcement , those ISPs should be required to submit any such technologies to the Commission for pre-deployment review as part of a transparent , public waiver process .
Third , in order to protect the privacy interests of Internet users , the Commission should make it clear that its proposed regulations do not reach noncommercial providers of broadband Internet access service , whether they are individuals who operate open Wi -Fi networks at home , or public - minded entities that provide free Internet access in their local communities .
The Commission should avoid the specter of federal regulation looming over noncommercial , public - spirited network providers .
Federal regulation of these initiatives is not necessary to vindicate the openness , competition , innovation , and free expression goals of this proceeding .
Fourth , in order to foster competition and innovation , EFF urges the Commission to make it clear that the proposed " transparency " principle is not subject to an exception for " reasonable network management . "
As exemplified by the Commission ’s ruling against Comcast regarding its discriminatory treatment of BitTorrent traffic , it is precisely when ISPs invoke the need for " reasonable network management " that the principle of transparency becomes most vital .
Only if ISPs are required to adequately disclose their network management practices will consumers , competitors , innovators , and the Commission be able to evaluate whether the practices are , in fact , " reasonable . "
Fifth , in order to foster competition and innovation , the Commission should require wireless ISPs to allow " tethering " as a form of device interconnection .
This requirement is a necessary corollary to the principle that consumers should be entitled to use any lawful device or application that does not harm the network .
Tethering facilitates interoperability , competition , and openness .
Furthermore , tethering blocks some troubling practices that are already emerging in the marketplace .
Help For Victims Injured By Defective Products
Every year , thousands of consumers sustain serious injuries from defective products .
National and international manufacturers are required by law to design , manufacture and package their products to be safe for consumer and industrial use .
Many defective product injuries could be avoided if the manufacturers or distributors of these products took additional steps to ensure consumer safety .
If you or a family member has been injured while using a dangerous product , or because a product such as a seat belt , child restraint or infant car seat failed at a critical time , your first call should be to an experienced attorney who has extensive experience in the area of successful product liability lawsuits .
We Handle All Product Liability Claims
Valenzuela Law Firm , P.A. , in Tampa , Florida , represents victims of manufacturer negligence and defective products who have suffered serious injuries as a result of :
Dangerous drugs
Household products
Exposure to toxic substances
Defective medical products
Unsafe manufacturing and construction equipment
Dangerous toys and toy parts
Improper instructions
Insufficient warning labels
Auto defects
Florida Board - Certified Civil Trial Specialist
We help injured injury victims of defective products present the strongest case possible to fight for full and fair money damages for injuries , loss of income , and punitive damages in the event of gross negligence .
The law is clear that products must be safe for use under reasonable conditions of use , even when not used exactly according to the manufacturer ’s instructions .
We fight for fair treatment under the law for injury victims or the family members of people who die because of a defective product .
Senior attorney Henry Valenzuela is a Florida Board Certified Civil Trial Specialist .
Litigation on behalf of injury victims and their families is our entire legal focus .
Contact Our Lawyer If You Have Been Harmed By A Defective Product
Contact us for a free consultation today .
If you do n’t receive money damages for your product liability claim , you will not pay attorney ’s fees for our services .
Call 813-217-5613 or complete our online contact form .
Verdicts & Settlements
$ 4.8 Million Verdict in Wheelchair Defect Case
$ 3,300,000 Settlement in Product Liability Action Against Manufacturer of Insulin Pump
$ 2.25 Million Dollar Settlement In Bicycle Product Liability Case
$ 425,000 Settlement in Products Liability Action Against Sellers of Bath Bench
NOTE : A follow - on test was completed in March 2010 .
› Learn More
How do you make a helicopter safer to fly ?
You crash one .
NASA aeronautics researchers recently dropped a small helicopter from a height of 35 feet ( 10.7 m ) to see whether an expandable honeycomb cushion called a deployable energy absorber could lessen the destructive force of a crash .
[ image - 47 ]
On impact , the helicopter 's skid landing gear bent outward , but the cushion attached to its belly kept the rotorcraft 's bottom from touching the ground .
Four crash test dummies along for the ride appeared only a little worse for the wear .
Researchers must analyze the test results before they can say for sure whether the deployable energy absorber worked as designed .
[ image - 62 ]
" I 'd like to think the research we 're doing is going to end up in airframes and will potentially save lives , " said Karen Jackson , an aerospace engineer who oversaw the test at NASA 's Langley Research Center in Hampton , Va .
According to the National Transportation Safety Board , more than 200 people are injured in helicopter accidents in the United States each year , in part because helicopters fly in riskier conditions than most other aircraft .
They fly close to the ground , not far from power lines and other obstacles , and often are used for emergencies , including search and rescue and medical evacuations .
For the test at Langley , researchers used an MD - 500 helicopter donated by the U.S. Army .
The rotorcraft was equipped with instruments that collected 160 channels of data .
One of the four crash test dummies was a special torso model equipped with simulated internal organs .
It came from the Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory in Laurel , Md .
Technicians outfitted the underside of the helicopter 's crew and passenger compartment with the deployable energy absorber .
Created by engineer Sotiris Kellas at Langley , the device is made of Kevlar and has a unique flexible hinge design that allows the honeycomb to be packaged and remain flat until needed .
Kellas initially came up with the idea as a way to cushion the next generation of astronaut - carrying space capsules , but soon realized it had many other possible applications .
So the concept became part of a helicopter drop test for the Subsonic Rotary Wing Project of NASA 's Aeronautics Research Mission Directorate in Washington .
[ image - 78 ]
Jackson said researchers tested the deployable energy absorber under realistic conditions .
" We crash - tested the helicopter by suspending it about 35 feet ( 10.7 m ) into the air using cables .
Then , as it swung to the ground , we used pyrotechnics to remove the cables just before the helicopter hit so that it reacted like it would in a real accident , " she explained .
The test conditions imitated what would be a relatively severe helicopter crash .
The flight path angle was about 33 degrees and the combined forward and vertical speeds were about 48 feet per second or 33 miles per hour ( 14.6 meters per second , 53.1 kph ) .
" We got data to validate our integrated computer models that predict how all parts of the helicopter and the occupants react in a crash .
Plus the torso model test dummy will help us assess internal injuries to occupants during a helicopter crash . "
Engineers say the MD - 500 survived relatively intact as a result of the honeycomb cushion .
They plan to recycle the helicopter and drop it again next year , but without the deployable energy absorber attached , in order to compare the results .
Fermi telescope finds cosmic ray machine Italian technology helps pinpoint particle - charging supernova
( ANSA ) - Rome , January 7 - A NASA space telescope using Italian technology has discovered an interstellar '' engine ' ' bombarding the Earth with cosmic rays , scientists said Thursday .
Launched in June 2008 , the Fermi telescope has found the first evidence for a long - held theory that the shells of energy and matter left behind by stellar explosions serve as accelerators for the high - energy particles that make up cosmic rays .
'' This is a big step forward , '' said Italian Astrophysics Institute researcher Patrizia Caraveo , a member of the international team of scientists behind the discovery .
'' We knew that the ultra high - energy protons and electrons permeating our galaxy were being accelerated by something , but we were n't positive what , '' she said .
Caraeo explained that the cosmic ray motor is a star much larger than the Sun which exploded thousands of years ago leaving behind a magnetic cloud known as W44 .
She said that the find was especially fortuitous , because of the rarity of that breed of supernova remnant .
'' You can count the ones observable from Earth on one hand , '' she said .
Director of the Italian Nuclear Physics Institute , Ronaldo Bellazzini , also involved in the project , noted that the findings supported theories first put forward by the telescope 's namesake .
Italian physicist Enrico Fermi ( 1901 - 1954 ) lent his name to a theory of charged particle acceleration which has long been used to explain how cosmic rays acquire such high energies .
According to Bellazzini , the particles composing the rays put even the largest manmade particle accelerators to shame , achieving energies billions of times greater .
Though scientists are learning more about the mechanics of cosmic ray particles , their effects on the Earth are largely disputed .
Some researchers theorize they may influence the weather while others believe they could also affect climate change .
Photo : a supernova remnant
THE driver of the car in which he and four mates died had a speeding conviction and was banned from taking more than one passenger , police confirmed .
The Herald Sun can confirm Steven Johnstone was also to face court on failing to comply with a court imposed community based order handed down to him last year .
His brother Grant Johnstone said : " He should n't be putting himself in that situation , but what can you do ? "
But Deputy Commissioner Ken Lay said the car had been seen travelling through Ivanhoe at up to150 kmh , with occupants including Steven 's half brother hanging out the side windows for thrills .
He defended the hoon driving laws as tough , anticipating community frustration that an intial 48 - hour car confiscation was not strong enough to deter some young drivers from erratic behaviour .
Despite the crash , he said hoon laws were working with a one per cent recidivism rate .
About 50 per cent of hoons who have their cars impounded are P Plate drivers .
``I know some idiots wear it as a badge of honour , ’’ he said .
Devastated relatives and senior police are at a loss to explain why five young men killed in a horror smash were travelling at speeds of at least 140 kmh and why the " speed kills " message did not get through to some young people .
It is believed that some members of the group in the car had earlier been involved in a confrontation at a local party and may have still been highly agitated .
Senior police described the speeds the car roared through the northern suburbs at as " just crazy " while Santo Sutera - the uncle of one of those killed - said the roads were no place to try driving over the limit .
The 15 - year - old sister of decesased man Anthony Iannetta is in a serious but stable condition in hospital after she was cut out of the wreckage of the Ford Falcon XR6 , in which her brother and friends around her died instantly as it ploughed into a tree off Plenty Rd , Mill Park about 2 a.m .
Do you know any of the young people involved in the crash ?
Please call our newsdesk on 9292 - 1232 or comment below .
Mr Sutera is the uncle of the only surviver , Elissa Iannetta , 15 , whose brother Anthony died in the back seat beside her .
" There 's a time and a place - not on the roads , that 's for sure - not when you 've got friends in your car , " he said .
Witnesses told police of the car roaring through a set of lights on Plenty Rd at the intersection of Childs Rd , then hitting the dirt off the left hand lane about 100 metres north , where the driver lost control as he tried to correct the car .
It then careered across onto the median strip , hit that , spun back into the carriageway before sliding off the road and into the tree - a distance of about 60 metres .
It split the tree , which was about a metre wide at the base , in two and the wreckage of the car was also in two pieces with the occupants trapped inside .
But paramedics believe the men died instantly .
Emergency workers called to the scene at 2 a.m. toiled frantically to try to get into the wrecked car , which was so mangled that it took 90 minutes to free Elissa .
View Mill Park crash site in a larger map
" All you could see of her was her head and arm sticking out , " upset paradmedic Ron McLeod told radio 3AW .
" There were two deceased on top of her . "
He said it was the worst incident he had attended in 30 years in the job .
It is strongly believed the driver of the Falcon XR6 was a 19 - year - old South Morang man , with his half brother , 17 , beside him in the front .
Anthony Ianetta , 18 , died and another youth , 15 died in the back with Anthony 's 15 - year - old sister Elissa from Epping the only survivor .
At this stage , there is no indication of drugs or alcohol being factors in the collision but it will take some time before the investigation is complete .
Assistant Commissioner Tim Cartwright said the car was being driven at about 140 kmh , which he described as " just crazy . "
" There are six young people on board - five have died instantly .
It leaves us with a girl who 's survived serious injuries , but she 's quite stable , " he said .
" There are a couple of brothers , a brother and a sister .
This is just crazy .
" How many times do we have to say to people - speed kills . "
It is believed the woman has injuries to her lower extremity , including her legs and hip .
" The woman has since been freed and has been taken to Royal Melbourne Hospital in a serious but stable condition , " Victoria Police spokesman Senior Constable Marty Beveridge said .
" The Major Collision Investigation Unit are at the scene in an attempt to find a cause . "
" It 's possible one of the worst crashes we 've seen in Victoria for a couple of years , " said one paramedic .
Police are appealing for witnesses , who may have seen the blue Ford sedan travelling before the crash , to contact CrimeStoppers on 1800 333 000 or visit www.crimestoppers.com.au.
The 2010 state road toll is now 12 , eight less than the same time last year .
" Pot calling the kettle black " Similar idioms in other languages , according to Wikipedia : " The camel can not see the crookedness of its own neck . " ( Arabic )
" One donkey chides the other for being a long - ear . " ( German )
" The donkey called the rooster a fathead . " ( Greek )
" Dog ridicules the cat for being hairy . " ( Vietnamese )
" The garlic laughs at the onion for its smell . "
( Hebrew ) " The dung - stained dog reproaches the chaff - stained dog . " ( Korean )
" The owl tells the sparrow that it has a big head . " ( Hungarian )
" An armadillo tellig a turtle it is too hard - shelled . " ( Spanish - Venezuela )
" The shard laughs at the broken pot . " ( Romanian )
" To see a little straw in other 's eye , and not notice a log in one 's own . " ( Russian )
" For the sleep in one 's eyes to laugh at the snot in one 's nose . " ( Japanese ) " A man without pants laughed at a man with holey pants . "
( Uzbek )
Part of the Foreign Idioms series .
# 98450 +( 7901 ) - [ X ]
Jakefeb3 : do you know a turtles only weakness ?
AvatarOfSolusek : no
AvatarOfSolusek : well
AvatarOfSolusek : thier slowness
Jakefeb3 : there weakness is they cant roll over when they are on their backs
AvatarOfSolusek : lol
Jakefeb3 : now i have a plan
Jakefeb3 : if i duck tape 2 turtles together they are unstoppable
A US judge has granted ­political asylum to a German family who said they had fled the country to avoid persecution for home schooling their children .
In the first reported case of its kind , Tennessee immigration judge Lawrence Burman ruled that the family of seven have a legitimate fear of prosecution for their beliefs .
Germany requires parents to enrol their children in school in most cases and has levied fines against those who ­educate their children at home .
Christians Uwe Romeike , a piano teacher , and his wife , Hannelore , moved to Morristown , Tennessee , in 2008 after ­German authorities fined them thousands of euros for keeping their children out of school and sent police to escort them to classes , Romeike said .
They had been holding classes in their home .
Along with thousands of torture victims , political dissidents , members of religious minorities and other persecuted groups who win political asylum every year , the Romeike family will now be free to live and work in the US .
The case does not create a legal precedent unless the US government appeals and a higher immigration court hears the case .
" Home schoolers in Germany are a particular social group , which is one of the protected grounds under the asylum law , " said Mike Connelly , attorney for the Home School Legal Defence Association , who argued the case .
" This judge looked at the evidence , he heard their testimony , and he felt that the way Germany is treating home schoolers is wrong .
The rights being violated here are basic human rights . "
In 2006 the Romeikes pulled their children out of a state school in Bissingen , Germany , in protest of what they deemed an anti-Christian curriculum .
They said textbooks presented ideas and language that conflicted with their Christian beliefs , including slang terms for sex acts and images of vampires and witches , while the school offered what they described as ethics lessons from Islam , Buddhism and other religions .
The eldest son got into fights in school and the eldest daughter had trouble studying .
" I think it 's important for parents to have the freedom to chose the way their children can be taught , " Romeike told the Associated Press .
About 1.5 million US children are taught at home .
In Morristown , a town of about 27,000 , the Romeikes have connected with other home schooling families , organising field trips and other activities .
The German consul general for the southeastern US said in a statement that mandatory school attendance ensures a high education standard for all children , adding that parents have many educational options .
In 2008 , the US government received more than 47,000 applications for political asylum and granted 10,743 , including four from Germany .
Connelly said this was the first time home schooling had been the central issue in a US political asylum case .
Elvis with his high - school girlfriend Barbara Hearn in the living room of the house he bought for his parents on Audubon Drive in Memphis .
The picture of Elvis on the wall above Barbara was one of the first publicity images made of him ; his mother liked it so much that she had it printed onto canvas , hand colored , and put in a gilt frame with a light above it .
Québec solidaire 's member of the Québec National Assembly , Amir Khadir , tossing a shoe at a picture of US President George Bush at a rally in Montreal in November 2008 .
By Richard Fidler
December 3 , 2009 -- Socialist Voice -- Québec solidaire , the left - wing party founded almost four years ago , held its fifth convention in the Montréal suburb of Laval on November 20 - 22 , 2009 .
About 300 elected delegates debated and adopted resolutions on the Quebec national question , electoral reform , immigration policy and secularism .
The convention clarified the party ’s position on some important questions at the heart of its strategic orientation that had been left unresolved at its founding .
Québec solidaire is the product of a fusion process lasting several years among various organisations and left - wing groups that had developed in the context of major actions by the women ’s , student , global justice and antiwar movements in the 1990s and the early years of this decade .
But the party has faced many obstacles as it struggled to establish a visible presence in Quebec ’s political landscape . [ 1 ]
* * *
Related articles :
Québec solidaire supports pro-Palestine boycott , divestment and sanctions campaign
Why an independent Quebec ?
* * *
As in other parts of North America , Quebec experienced a general downturn in extraparliamentary mobilisations after 9 - 11 , with the notable exception of the massive antiwar actions prior to the Iraq war .
Added to this was the political demoralisation of many militants following almost a decade of neoliberal austerity under a Parti Québécois government that for many discredited the very idea of Quebec “ sovereignty ” as envisaged by the PQ .
Shortly after Québec solidaire was launched , the trade union movement suffered major defeats in the face of an antilabour offensive by the newly elected Liberal government .
The student movement has been relatively quiescent since a successful mobilisation against tuition fee increases in 2005 .
Although antiwar sentiment remains high , mass actions are fewer and smaller .
Aware that “ politics ” is conventionally viewed as electoral and parliamentary activity , Québec solidaire quickly established itself as an officially recognised party under Quebec law .
It soon found its attention , energy and finances absorbed by electoral activity to the detriment of actions outside the electoral arena – contesting two general elections and several by - elections within its first three years , on a limited platform of demands .
Exactly a year ago , however , it scored a significant breakthrough when , despite an undemocratic first - past - the - post electoral system , it managed to elect a member to Quebec ’s legislature , the National Assembly .
The election of Amir Khadir in the Montréal constituency of Mercier brought welcome media attention to the party , while increasing the pressure on it to develop a more comprehensive program on the key issues of the day .
Early this year , the party launched what promises to be a lengthy process aimed at producing a formal program .
This convention concluded the first stage of the process .
Under the complex procedure established by the national leadership , members were urged to form “ citizens ’ circles ” or affinity groups , which would include non-members .
The idea was to use the debate as a means of reaching out to social movement activists .
In later stages , a policy commission was to assemble and “ synthesise ” the proposals from these groups in a series of resolutions that would either reflect a consensus view or offer alternative positions on the various topics , to be debated in the local and regional associations and later at the convention .
About 70 citizens ’ circles were formed .
But since many were organised around specific views or areas of interest , there was little exchange with others in the initial period .
It was only quite late in the process , with the publication of the draft resolutions in September , that the major preconvention debates could begin .
The proposals and amendments were then put together in a synthesis booklet for debate at the convention .
National question
The major objective at this convention was to define a clear position on the Quebec national question .
Although there is today little mention in Québec solidaire – or , indeed , in Quebec society as a whole – of “ national oppression ” , the issues that motivate the thrust for national sovereignty or independence testify to the existence of a distinct Francophone nation whose language and culture are under constant attack from the Canadian constitutional and political regimes .
For decades now , the people of Quebec have stopped referring to themselves as “ French Canadians ” ; they self - define themselves as “ Québécois ” and they overwhelmingly reject the existing federal system even though they are divided on whether to reform it or repudiate it altogether by establishing an independent country .
That is what is meant by the “ national question ” : the need to resolve this problem , the major fault line in the Canadian state and the major source of instability in the politics of Canada .
The first task in the Québec solidaire debate , then , was to define what is meant by the Quebec nation .
This issue has been much debated since the federal parliament voted in 2006 that “ the Québécois form a nation within a united Canada ” .
[ 2 ]
The federal government motion was widely recognised as a politically opportunist ruse .
Québec solidaire approached the issue in a much more serious way .
First , the delegates discussed what the Quebec nation does not include .
They acknowledged the sovereignty of “ the ten Amerindian peoples and the Inuit people who also inhabit Quebec territory ” and pledged Québec solidaire ’s support to their “ fundamental right ” to national self - determination , however they choose to exercise that right – whether through self - government within a Quebec state or through their own independence .
Ghislain Picard , chief of the Assembly of First Nations of Quebec and Labrador , was a keynote speaker at the convention on its opening night .
He has praised Québec solidaire as the only party in Quebec that addresses native concerns .
Delegates then adopted an inclusive definition of the “ Quebec people ” that specifically rejects the concept of an ethnic nation favoured by the Parti Québécois and other nationalists .
“ Quebec nationality ” , it says , “ is essentially defined by living in the nation and participating in its life ” .
The Quebec nation is “ ethnically and culturally diversified , with French as the common language of use and factor of integration … , the Francophone community [ being ] transformed throughout its history by the successive integration of elements originating from the other communities who have been added to it ” .
This nation “ is based not on ethnic origin but on voluntary membership in the Québécois political community ” .
The Anglophone community was defined as “ an important minority that is an integral part of the Quebec nation and shares its political fate ” .
For sovereignty … and independence
The major debate was on how Québec solidaire should define its position on Quebec ’s constitutional status .
Four options were proposed for decision : “ independence ” ; “ sovereignty ” ; “ independence or sovereignty ” ; or “ neither independence nor sovereignty for the time being ” .
Why this debate ?
Up to now , Québec solidaire has identified Quebec sovereignty as one of its defining objectives .
However , “ sovereignty ” , the term popularised by the Parti Québécois , is an ambiguous concept , especially when coupled with a proposal for “ association ” or “ partnership ” with the rest of Canada , as the PQ proposed in the 1980 and 1995 referendum questions .
As a draft convention resolution noted , this tends to trivialise the national question by limiting the implications of a break with the Canadian constitutional setup , presenting Quebec sovereignty as a mere continuation of past fights for provincial autonomy or an extension of Quebec ’s existing powers within a new , decentralised federation .
Moreover , linking sovereignty with association or partnership in a referendum requires a definitive answer from Québécois on something they do not ultimately control : namely , the character of any future relations with Canada , which can only be the subject of later negotiations .
This undermines the very concept of “ self - determination ” .
The federal government took advantage of this ambiguity when , in 2000 , it got parliament to enact the Clarity Act , which allows parliament to refuse to recognise the result of a referendum decision on Quebec ’s constitutional status .
Québec solidaire opposes the Clarity Act as a violation of Quebec ’s right to self - determination .
But the delegates recognised the political problem : the confusion among many Québécois as a result of the PQ ’s ambiguities , and the need for an approach that clearly articulates the unilateral right of the Québécois to determine their own future .
Most of the delegates who spoke in the QS debate declared their personal support of Quebec independence
An adopted resolution states : “ Canadian federalism is basically unreformable .
It is impossible for Quebec to obtain all the powers it wants and needs for the profound changes proposed by Québec solidaire . ”
A new relationship with the rest of Canada can only be negotiated once the Québécois have clearly established their intent and ability to form an independent state .
However , many were reluctant to confine the description of the QS position to the word “ independence ” .
Some noted that “ sovereignty ” , the one objective that unites all PQ members notwithstanding ( or perhaps because of ) their differences on other questions , is the all - important Article 1 in the PQ program .
Was there not a danger , they asked , that if “ independence ” was chosen as the QS goal , to the exclusion of “ sovereignty ” , this would become , in effect , Québec solidaire ’s “ article 1 ” , its defining difference with the PQ – and thus obscure what all agree is the new party ’s underlying conviction : that any new constitutional status for Quebec must be accompanied by a fundamental change in its social conditions , and that for Québec solidaire the national question is indissolubly linked with its projet de société , its social agenda .
Beyond the provincial framework ?
Because the party has not yet adopted a developed program on economic and social issues , or international affairs , there was an air of abstraction to much of the debate , as there had been throughout the precongress discussion ( and indeed , since the party ’s founding ) .
During its two provincial election campaigns , QS deliberately limited its “ platform ” to proposals that were ( as it admitted ) confined to the “ provincial and neoliberal ” framework .
This approach tended to inhibit thinking in the party about what an anticapitalist program for an independent Quebec might entail .
A case in point was the May Day Manifesto published this year by the QS top leadership .
Although its overview of the economic crisis was couched in anticapitalist rhetoric , the manifesto ’s specific proposals to overcome the crisis failed to go beyond a timid social liberalism . [ 3 ]
An anticapitalist and ecosocialist strategy and program would necessarily challenge the existing federal regime .
Nationalise the banks ?
Banking is a federal jurisdiction .
Break from the capitalist trade and investment agreements like NAFTA ?
Trade and commerce are federal jurisdictions .
Introduce a comprehensive unemployment insurance program guaranteeing a living income and retraining to those who lose their jobs and livelihoods through capitalist “ rationalisation ” ?
Unemployment insurance is a federal jurisdiction .
Nation - to - nation relations with the Indigenous peoples ?
“ Indian affairs ” are an exclusive federal jurisdiction .
A rehabilitation - based approach to criminal justice ?
Defence of the right to abortion ?
Criminal law is a federal jurisdiction .
Break from the imperialist military alliances , NATO and NORAD ?
Support the Bolivarian revolution in Venezuela ?
Foreign affairs and the military are federal jurisdictions .
And so on .
Delegates adopted a resolution that outlines in very general terms how Québec solidaire envisages an independent Quebec .
The case for an independent Quebec is immeasurably strengthened when placed in the context of a program for fundamental social change , for building “ another Quebec ” , a new country that is free of both national oppression and class exploitation .
But “ class ” is a concept that gets little recognition in Québec solidaire ’s perspectives .
As a party with a leadership that has developed largely in the feminist , community and NGO milieu , it is highly conscious of the need to create an inclusive coalition of interests that can fight to overcome the inequalities of Quebec ’s diverse society , but seems little cognisant of the most inclusive concept of all : that of the working class , which embraces – in their diversity of colour , gender , national and ethnic origin , sexual orientation , etc. – all who must sell their labour power in order to live .
The Québécois are oppressed not only by Canada ’s federal regime but by capital ; national liberation is incomplete without anticapitalist social liberation , the establishment of a government by and for working people .
Quebec solidaire ’s piecemeal approach to program development , by leaving key questions of social and economic policy , including the ecological crisis , to later debate , tends to separate the national from the social .
Yet it was precisely the Parti Québécois ’ failure to address the need for major social change prior to the achievement of sovereignty that prompted many movement activists to found Québec solidaire .
In the end , after several hours of debate , the convention rejected proposals by small numbers of delegates that QS favour neither sovereignty nor independence , or define its orientation as sovereigntist alone .
But it also rejected a proposal , advanced by a substantial number , that QS define its orientation on the national question exclusively as “ independentist ” , and voted by close to a two - thirds majority that it use both terms to describe its position , depending on context .
A paragraph in the adopted resolution on Canadian federalism indicates how the terms might be used interchangeably : “ The Quebec people therefore must choose between subjection to Canadian majority rule , which implies political subordination and uniformity , and the full and unrestricted exercise of political sovereignty .
The national question is thereby reduced to its simplest expression : to be a minority nation in the Canadian state , or a nation that decides all of its orientations in an independent Quebec . ”
The convention also clarified an additional concept , that of “ popular sovereignty ” .
Although this expression has in the past been used by some QS leaders as a synonym for their constitutional option , and sometimes as a shorthand means of dissociating it from the “ ethnic sovereignty ” of hard - line nationalists , the convention decision clarifies that popular sovereignty is addressed to procedure , not the goal : it signifies “ the power of the people to decide democratically their future and the rules governing their own lives , including the fundamental rules such as whether or not to belong to a country … ” .
A constituent assembly
How to achieve independence ?
Since its founding , QS has urged that Quebec ’s status be decided in a democratic process involving the entire population , and not simply limited – as in the Parti Québécois procedure – to a yes or no vote in a referendum on a question determined through negotiations among the parties represented in the Quebec National Assembly .
In a resolution that was adopted unanimously , the delegates sketched the major features of this process as they might be enacted by a Québec solidaire government .
The government would propose that the National Assembly “ affirm the sovereignty of the people of Quebec and that they alone are entitled to decide their institutions and political status , without interference from outside ” .
A distinct constituent assembly would be elected by universal suffrage , composed equally of women and men .
The ballot would ensure “ proportional representation of tendencies and the various socio- economic milieus within Quebec society ” , with equitable access for all to the means of communication .
The constituent assembly would then conduct an extensive process of participatory democracy in which the people of Quebec would be consulted on their views concerning Quebec ’s “ political and constitutional future and the values and political institutions pertaining to it ” .
The constituent assembly ’s conclusions – in effect , a draft constitution – would then be put to a popular vote in a referendum .
Throughout this process , “ Québec solidaire will defend the necessity for the political independence of Quebec… .
But it will not presume the outcome of the debates ” .
Thus , whatever the outcome of the constituent assembly proceedings and the referendum vote on ratification , the procedure itself , as proposed by QS , constitutes an act of national self - determination .
Several delegates noted in the debate the parallels with the recent processes in Venezuela , Bolivia and Ecuador , where an overhaul of constitutions has helped to shift the relationship of class forces more in favour of the subaltern classes .
The delegates also voted that in launching the constituent assembly , the Indigenous nations should be invited to join the process on whatever terms the Indigenous themselves decide and that , irrespective of their participation , the constituent assembly should recognise the distinct sovereignty of the Indigenous nations .
Is the constituent assembly simply to be treated as an item on the agenda of a Québec solidaire government ?
Until now , the party ’s advocacy of a constituent assembly has not been accompanied by a clear position of its own on Quebec ’s constitutional status :
“ The people will decide , through a process of participatory democracy . ”
This ambiguity reflected opposition to the independence option or unease about it among some of Québec solidaire ’s founding members , especially those coming from the grassroots community - based activist milieu that tends not to see politics in strategic terms as a struggle for state power .
By a very close vote , the delegates decided that Québec solidaire should launch “ a vast campaign of popular education ” to build “ a democratic , social and national alliance that will bring together all of the trade unions , popular movements , feminists , students , ecologists and sovereigntist parties ” in support of “ popular sovereignty concretised by the election of a Constituent Assembly ” .
So far , the only concrete indication of how this campaign might be conducted is the decision that building this coalition of forces “ will be the focus of our intervention within the Conseil de la souveraineté ” .
The Conseil de la souveraineté is an umbrella coalition of pro-sovereignty organisations dominated organisationally and politically by the Parti Québécois , which uses it to promote support for its own referendum strategy and option on the national question .
QS is a member of the Conseil de la souveraineté .
Further initiatives and actions will be needed to build the mass support needed to achieve not only a democratic constituent assembly but independence .
In Latin America , popular agitation for constituent assemblies did not await the advent of progressive governments , but in some cases ( e.g. Bolivia and Ecuador ) helped to prepare their election through mass mobilisations focusing on the need for fundamental changes in the social structures of those countries .
These experiences might offer some useful pointers for Québec solidaire as it develops its campaign .
Democratisation
The convention also adopted proposals that would democratise Quebec institutions and the electoral process .
The delegates unanimously voted in favour of establishment of democratically elected regional governments with independent powers and funding to replace the present system of regional municipalities and conferences , purely administrative entities that are nothing but creatures of the provincial government .
Québec solidaire also favours a combination of incentive and mandatory provisions to establish equal representation of women in all elected bodies , including municipal councils and boards of directors .
Delegates adopted a series of proposals for proportional representation that Québec solidaire National Assembly ( MNA ) member Amir Khadir plans to present in a bill in the National Assembly within the coming months .
Under the proposed procedure , 60 % of MNAs would be elected under the present first - past - the - post system as constituency representatives , and the other 40 % according to the proportion of the vote held by the various parties that received 2 % or more of the vote nationally .
This is , understandably , an important issue for Québec solidaire , which barely managed to elect Khadir , in 2008 , and has slim prospects of electing other MNAs under the existing system .
However , although the need for proportional representation has been debated and widely supported by many in recent years , there is no evidence that the major capitalist parties , the governing Liberal Party and the opposition PQ , are sympathetic .
Each has managed to establish “ majority ” governments on the basis of mere voting pluralities , sometimes even less .
And they intend to keep it that way .
Freedom of belief within a secular state
Québec solidaire has always been a partisan of a secular Quebec , one in which church and state are clearly separated .
The abolition of church control of schools and hospitals was a major achievement of the Quiet Revolution of the 1960s , overcoming the grip of the Catholic hierarchy and spurring the growth of the feminist movement .
This combination of national secularisation and feminism was reflected in the acquittal on abortion charges of Dr. Henry Morgenthaler by four successive Quebec juries in the 1970s , leading eventually to decriminalisation of abortion throughout Canada .
The convention adopted what it termed a “ model of secularism ” as part of the party ’s program .
It distinguishes between the need for state neutrality toward religious belief or lack of belief , and the freedom of individuals “ to express their own convictions in a context that favours exchange and dialogue ” .
And the delegates attempted to define their position on an issue that has been hotly debated in Quebec in recent years : whether a secular state should impose restrictions on expressions of personal religious belief by its employees and public officials .
In recent years , right - wing politicians and narrow nationalists have campaigned against Muslims and other ethnic minorities who wear “ ostentatious symbols ” of their faith such as the Moslem hijab , or scarf . [ 4 ]
Delegates voted in favour of allowing “ state agents ” ( employees and officials ) to wear religious insignia ( a crucifix , hijab , whatever ) , but added some caveats that leave much to subjective interpretation and enforcement by employers : “ provided they are not used as instruments of proselytism ” and do not interfere with their droit de réserve ( duty of discretion ) , or “ impede the performance of the duties or contravene safety standards ” .
Delegates rejected other resolutions that would impose no such restrictions or , alternatively , would impose secular dress codes on civil servants , and they rejected as well a proposal to refer the whole issue for further decision at a later convention .
In a 2007 brief to the Bouchard - Taylor commission on “ reasonable accommodation ” , Québec solidaire argued that “ We do not think the State should legislate on the wearing of religious symbols by persons working in the public service ” , while urging public employees to “ subordinate their personal , religious and political beliefs to the ethics of their duties ” .
A similar position was recommended by the commission in its report , hailed by Québec solidaire leaders Françoise David and Amir Khadir for its “ modernity and wisdom ” . [ 5 ]
At the convention , David and many other delegates , particularly women , spoke strongly in support of “ intercultural secularism ” and “ reasonable accommodation ” of the beliefs and customs of immigrant and ethnic minorities .
A young woman delegate graphically illustrated the distinction between state policy and individual belief : “ I object to a state agent who refuses a gay marriage licence because he or she is homophobic .
But I have no problem with one who grants the licence while wearing clothing that signifies his or her religious belief . ”
Others noted that similar issues of individual choice were involved in the fight to legalise the right to abortion .
The debate confirmed that feminist consciousness is alive and well within Québec solidaire .
This positive feature of the party is reflected in all its activities .
For example , in the two general elections since its founding , a majority of its candidates have been women – a first in Quebec and probably in Canada .
The convention debate echoed similar debates in the Quebec feminist and gay movements in recent years .
Bolstering the QS leadership ’s stance was the progressive , integrationist approach taken last May by the leading feminist coalition , the Quebec Women ’s Federation ( FFQ ) , after a lengthy discussion among its many affiliates . [ 6 ]
But it was clear that some Québec solidaire members are not immune to the nationalist and Islamophobic backlash against immigrants , especially Muslims .
Some are influenced by the monolithic concept of citizenship that is characteristic of republican France , which has banned the hijab even from the public schools .
In the convention ’s closing moments , however , the delegates voted in favour of an immigration policy that would welcome immigrants to Quebec and especially refugees – not only those categories already recognised by UN convention but also “ women who are victims of violence , persons whose survival is threatened by natural catastrophes and climate change , and persons persecuted by reason of their sexual orientation or identity ” .
And they called for a Quebec that is “ diversified , pluralist and inclusive ” , in which French , as “ the language of public life ” , is “ not only the expression of a culture but also the instrument of a democratic agenda ” .
In particular , they called for stronger measures to help immigrants acquire the necessary facility in French in order to function fully as citizens .
These concepts were eloquently described by Louise Laurin in a keynote speech on the convention ’s opening night .
Laurin , a well - known and longstanding advocate of Quebec independence , was the founder and leader of the coalition that finally achieved secularisation of the Quebec public school system in the 1990s .
As an educator , she has specialised in developing programs for the integration of immigrant children in the schools .
“ The use of a common language , French ” , said Laurin ,
“ acts as a unifying element .
Secularism of the state and its institutions is a signal of acceptance of pluralism … .
Once we have founded a country , we form the majority .
We no longer need to situate ourselves as a protesting minority , sometimes competing with others .
It falls to us to be an exemplary majority that respects minorities , as we are already doing .
When Quebec becomes sovereign , new arrivals will become Québec citizens .
The feeling of membership in Quebec will be able to develop further : citizenship establishes equality among citizens ” .
Some omissions
With few exceptions , the convention reaffirmed positions that have been expressed by Québec solidaire leadership bodies in the past .
These now have the stamp of authority as “ program ” .
However , it is worth noting that the adopted resolutions do not cover even the full range of issues being debated publicly today on these topics selected by the QS leadership for adoption at this convention .
For example , there was little reference to language policy , although French is the key defining characteristic of the Québécois nation and its defence is the principal driving force behind independentist sentiment .
The recent Supreme Court judgment striking down yet another provision of Quebec ’s popular Charter of the French Language underscored the fragility of the progress to date in making French the “ common language of public discourse ” , as several delegates noted in the debates .
[ 7 ]
But the primacy of the French language is also threatened by capitalist globalisation and demographic trends – particularly in Montréal , the metropolis , where statistical projections indicate that it may become a minority language within a few years .
There is an urgent need for aggressive measures to encourage the acquisition of French - language skills among immigrants and to assist their integration into the work force , as well as to increase the mandatory use of French in the workplace .
Unemployment rates are several times higher for immigrants than for the general population .
Does Québec solidaire favour affirmative action for newcomers in Quebec government jobs , where French is the language of work ?
The Charter of the French Language mandates francisation committees in all businesses and industries with 50 or more employees .
There is growing support in Quebec for extending this requirement to companies with fewer than 50 employees .
Likewise , many Québécois want to prohibit attendance at English - language junior colleges ( CEGEPs ) by Francophones and others whose first language is not English .
Others , aware that many Francophones and allophones attend the English CEGEP to gain fluency in that language , instead propose measures to qualitatively improve the teaching of English , but within the French - language setting of the public school system .
In its 2008 election platform , Québec solidaire called for establishment of French - language monitoring committees in firms with 25 or more employees and strengthening of French - language education .
But clearly its demands could be fleshed out further .
Since its founding , Québec solidaire has displayed a preference for general policy statements on which a broad consensus already exists , both within Quebec society and within the party .
A notable exception was the leadership ’s opposition to banning ostentatious symbols of individual religious belief – a position that has brought the party and Françoise David in particular under vicious attacks from “ left ” nationalists , although in this instance , as indicated earlier , it is consistent with the views of many feminist organisations .
This culture of consensus was understandable in the period immediately following the founding of Québec solidaire , given the quite different organisational legacies of its two major components .
One of these , the Union des forces progressistes included young people from the global justice movement – internationalist , anti-capitalist and strong supporters of Quebec independence – along with an older layer of members , many with long experience in left and far - left politics .
The members of Option citoyenne , on the other hand , tended to be involved in feminist coalitions and community groups organising around tenants ’ rights , food and housing co-ops and the like , where the politics of consensus and accommodation of conflicting views and interests are valued .
The newly fused party needed time in which the members could gain experience working together in a common organisational framework .
However , over time the downside of this approach became evident .
Increasingly , the party executive was setting policy to the exclusion of discussion among the broader membership .
This trend was facilitated by the party ’s lack of publications other than a website in which most of the political content was devoted to reproducing leadership statements .
Meanwhile , with the election of an MNA , the party was confronted with new challenges of developing policy on a host of issues confronting it in the National Assembly .
A beneficial discussion
The preconvention program debate , limited as it was , may have marked the end of this period .
For the first time , Québec solidaire leaders differed publicly .
François Saillant and Stéphane Lessard , members of the party executive , took issue with the draft program proposals published by the QS policy commission preparatory to the convention .
“ What is proposed to us ” , they wrote , “ is nothing less than the program of an independent Quebec and an eventual Republic of Quebec .
Whatever the commission ’s intention , independence would thereby become Article 1 of the program , from which everything else would follow ” .
They proposed “ another logic that does not make our proposals as a whole conditional on the accession to sovereignty , even if we are equally convinced of its necessity ” .
Saillant and Lessard argued that “ a large part of what we propose is feasible here and now ” .
A Québec solidaire government , they said , would have to govern for years before a constituent assembly had opted for an independent Quebec .
Meanwhile , the party would have to govern within the provincial framework , doing what it could to implement its social agenda .
The adopted position – both independence and sovereignty – is not inconsistent with this view .
A contribution signed by , among others , Arthur Sandborn , past chair of the Montréal council of the Confederation of National Trade Unions ( CSN ) , questioned whether sovereignty was even necessary as an objective .
Québec solidaire , it argued , “ should maintain an open and inclusive stance on sovereignty ” .
Quebec , it said , must have all the powers needed for its full development socially , economically , culturally and politically .
Such development , it conceded , “ is not entirely possible in the present federal framework ” .
But sovereignty should be considered a means , not an end , and there was a danger that an unequivocally independentist party would alienate progressives who are not comfortable with the prospect of a sovereign Quebec .
Moreover , they argued , the federal regime was not the main threat to Quebec ’s culture and language : “ the struggle for cultural or economic sovereignty , in many respects , lies more in a struggle against the United States than against Canada . ”
After this perspective got only nine votes out of 250 , Sandborn announced he was resigning from QS and stormed out of the convention .
Generally , however , the discussions were notable for their high political level and respectful engagement with dissenting views .
And the open discussion of differing perspectives contributed to the clarity of the debates and the comprehension of the issues .
Electoralism
If Québec solidaire was deeply involved in extraparliamentary struggles “ in the streets ” and not primarily a party “ of the ballot boxes ” – as the mantra goes – the membership might be better equipped to confront these issues , develop responses and build the party in light of their experiences as a real anticapitalist , ecosocialist and independentist alternative .
But QS has evolved since its founding as an essentially electoralist formation , focused on electing its candidates to the National Assembly .
As a result , it participates very little as a party in Quebec ’s grassroots social and international solidarity movements or in the trade unions ( although some unions have endorsed QS election candidates ) .
Instead , the party tends to see itself as an electoral or parliamentary expression of these movements .
The party has issued statements of support to some labour , environmental and feminist struggles .
A few of its associations and committees have authored briefs on specific issues for presentation to legislative committees .
But the only centrally led campaigns are around elections .
A very positive development at the convention was the vote to support the boycott , divestment and sanctions movement against apartheid Israel ( see Québec solidaire supports pro-Palestine BDS campaign ) .
However , there was no discussion of how the party might implement this campaign , the only such extraparliamentary action that made it onto the agenda .
The result of this electoralism , it seems , is a certain demobilisation of the membership and a stagnation in recruitment .
The party ’s national coordination committee reported that Québec solidaire has 5000 paid - up members ( that is , who have made a minimum commitment of C$ 5 annually ) , although there is a list of another 5000 who are considered financial donors or sympathisers .
Shortly after its founding , QS boasted close to 6000 members .
As an official party under Quebec ’s election laws , Québec solidaire derives most of its funding , directly or indirectly , from the state although its share of the popular vote has yet to exceed 4 % nationally . [ 8 ]
Of the 72 recognised constituency associations , one - third were reported to be “ very active ” , another third “ less active ” and the rest minimally active .
The party has five full - time employees in addition to staff in Amir Khadir ’s parliamentary office .
It has a functioning national office and a website that features leadership pronouncements and media releases , but no regular public media such as a newspaper or magazine .
A summer training camp was attended by about 100 members .
One weakness that was very evident at the convention is that Québec solidaire is overwhelmingly white .
Neither its membership nor its leading bodies reflect the diverse ethnic and immigrant composition of Quebec , although its one MNA , Amir Khadir , is an Iranian - Québécois representing one of the most ethnically diverse constituencies in Quebec .
The party has adopted an open integrative approach to minorities .
But clearly much more needs to be done .
Active intervention in the unions and social movements around the perspective of an independent ecosocialist Quebec , if made the axis of Québec solidaire ’s activity in the coming period , could help to build its influence among people of colour .
Khadir ’s success indicates the potential for advances along these lines .
These are some of the challenges facing Québec solidaire .
This convention registered important progress , clarified a few key issues , and indicated some of the problems to be tackled by the party in the period ahead .
[ Richard Fidler is a Socialist Voice contributing editor .
He writes the blog Life on the Left . ]
Notes
[ 1 ]
For background , see these Socialist Voice articles :
[ 2 ] See A ‘ Québécois Nation ’ ?
Harper Fuels an Important Debate .
[ 3 ]
In addition to calling for increased spending on public transit infrastructure , social housing , energy efficiency , childcare facilities , etc. , the manifesto proposed fighting “ excess profits ” through encouraging worker co-ops and purchase of locally produced goods ; curtailing government subsidies to businesses ; countering increases in the cost of living by exempting more products from sales tax and raising the minimum wage to C$ 10.20 an hour ; protecting pensions by reducing contribution limits on individual retirement savings plans ( RRSPs ) and increasing Quebec Pension Plan contribution limits , and getting the Quebec Caisse , which manages the QPP ( and had just announced a loss of $ 40 billion on the financial markets ) , to invest in “ ecologically and socially responsible businesses ” .
None of these modest proposals conflicts with the federal regime .
For a detailed critique ( in French ) of the manifesto from an anticapitalist perspective , see Marc Bonhomme , Discours anticapitaliste , plan anti-crise social - libéral .
[ 4 ]
See What the Québec Debate on the Hijab Conceals .
For background :
[ 5 ]
See the QS brief to the Commission , and the David - Khadir response to the Commission report , as well as page 271 of the English version of the Commission ’s report .
[ 6 ]
See La FFQ Prend Position – ni obligation religieuse , ni interdiction étatique .
[ 7 ] Québec solidaire leaders slammed the Supreme Court ruling .
See Québécois Denounce Supreme Court Attack on Language Rights .
[ 8 ]
Under Quebec election law , the government reimburses 50 % of legal election expenses to every party obtaining at least 1 % of the popular vote .
In 2008 , Québec solidaire , which ran 122 candidates in the general election , qualified for $ 300,000 in government funding from this source .
In addition , the government pays an additional amount to each party for day - to - day administration under a formula based on the number of registered voters .
Québec solidaire received a further $ 100,000 from this source .
Of the party ’s total annual revenues of $ 1,045,000 , therefore , about 40 % was direct funding by the government .
Membership fees accounted for only 3 % ( $ 28,367 ) .
However , the party also raised about $ 540,000 , just over half of its total revenues , from individual contributors who are eligible for a tax credit of 75 % of the first $ 400 contributed ; this amounts to an indirect subsidy from the state .
Trade unions are prohibited from contributing to political parties .
Source : Directeur général des élections du Québec .
Québec solidaire ’s collectives —
Help or hindrance ?
By Richard Fidler
December 20 , 2009 -- Life on the Left -- Several readers of my report on the recent Québec solidaire convention ( and above ) have asked me whether the QS collectives played any role in the proceedings .
This is a logical question , particularly since QS is the product of successive fusions of various political groups , both party and non-party , some of which have maintained their own identity while participating in Québec solidaire .
The recognition of collectives within QS is a reflection of the party ’s diversity of opinion , and its attempt to embrace many different approaches and perspectives within a broad spectrum of critical progressive thinking .
It lists party “ pluralism ” as one of its founding values .
The collectives are groupings of QS members organised on the basis of “ particular themes or political affinities ” , to quote the provisional party statutes ( article 11 ) .
[ 1 ]
They represent “ different and complementary currents of thought ” within the party that are allowed “ to promote specific orientations to the degree that they undertake to comply with the party ’s statutes , fundamental values and program ” .
However , they have no right to representation as such in the party ’s leadership bodies .
To be recognised by the National Council , a collective must have at least 10 party members in at least three ridings [ electorates ] or campus QS organisations .
The collectives are entitled to set up information tables at party conventions and to promote their ideas and proposals for action in the party ’s internal debates .
From a distance , it is hard for a non-member of the party like myself to see what the collectives do within Québec solidaire on a day - to - day basis .
They had little obvious presence as collectives at the recent convention I attended other than the literature tables that several of them maintained in the registration area .
Some are organised around particular themes ; an example is a “ décroissance ” ( " de - growth " or negative growth ) collective focused on ecological issues .
A few collectives , however , represent long - established political currents or tendencies in Quebec and internationally .
Examples are the various Marxist - inspired currents identified currently or historically with Trotskyist , Maoist or Stalinist organisations .
These include Gauche socialiste , affiliated with the Trotskyist Fourth International ; Socialisme international , part of the International Socialist Tendency ( the current best known historically for its analysis of the former Soviet Union as “ state capitalist ” rather than the more orthodox Trotskyist designation of it as a “ degenerated workers state ” ) ; La Riposte , affiliated with the International Marxist Tendency ; and the Parti Communiste du Québec ( PCQ ) , which split with the Communist Party of Canada ( CPC ) over the PCQ ’s support of Quebec independence .
A few CPC members are also in Québec solidaire but they are not a recognised collective .
Another collective with a more or less Marxist lineage is Masse critique .
One of its leading members , Roger Rashi , has recently written his own assessment of Québec solidaire , comparing it with other left regroupments , particularly in Europe .
It is available in English on the Socialist Project web site .
Oddly enough , these political collectives have had little to say about the QS convention , although some of their members were active in the debates , in some cases defending positions that differed from those of other collectives or the majority of the party .
I would have thought the convention was an occasion for more reflection by them on the challenges facing QS as it has confronted them so far .
Apparently not .
Gauche socialiste : Long live passionate debates !
Gauche socialiste ’s web site limits its coverage to a video of the final wind - up rally at the convention .
However , GS members are instrumental in the production of Presse - toi à gauche , a web publication that is supportive of Québec solidaire .
In a November 24 , 2009 , article Bernard Rioux , a central leader of GS , proclaimed that “ Québec solidaire accomplished a lot during this convention ” but simply welcomed the existence of “ passionate debates ” on Quebec independence , secularism and the relationship of the national question to its social agenda , without providing any details on their content .
A short article by Marie - Ève Duchesne reported favourably on the major resolution in the secularism debate and Québec solidaire ’s decision to oppose dress codes for state employees that would ban indications of an individual ’s religious beliefs .
This and related resolutions demonstrated , she said , QS ’s strongly feminist outlook .
It is unclear whether Duchesne is a GS member .
I noted that some GS members voted in favour of such a ban at the convention .
Still another article , by Serge Charbonneau on December 8 , welcomed a “ superb text ” published on a number of other web sites by one Michèle Sirois , “ Why I am quitting Québec solidaire ” , who had said her decision was motivated precisely by the QS delegates ’ decision to allow civil servants to display evidence of their religious beliefs in the course of their employment .
She saw this as an unreasonable concession to “ political Islam ” and a violation of the principle of separation of church and state and of male - female equality .
Charbonneau said he “ understood her point of view and her dissidence ” , and praised her “ very relevant ” observation that , “ The left movements ’ lack of understanding of the insecurity of Québécois over their identity represents a real danger , because it leaves the field free for right - wing , even far - right movements to take over the issue of identity .... ”
Unfortunately , there has been no response by GS or PTàG to this article or its endorsement of Islamophobic views .
Gauche socialiste maintained a literature table at the convention and sold copies of a glossy brochure on the ecological crisis featuring , among other things , articles and resolutions of the Fourth International .
International Socialism : Quebec independence `not a priority '
The few Quebec members of the International Socialists group are immersed in Québec solidaire ; one of their leading members , Benoit Renaud , is the party ’s national secretary .
Socialisme International ( SI ) published a one - page flyer version of its sporadically published print newspaper Résistance , featuring an article on the economic crisis and an article by Benoit Renaud on the Quebec debate on the hijab .
An English translation of the latter is available here .
The December issue of Socialist Worker , the paper of the International Socialists , SI ’s counterpart in the rest of Canada , published a report on the QS convention by Michelle Robidoux .
She interviewed Matt Jones , a member of QS in the Mercier riding .
He thought the position QS adopted on “ laïcité ” or secularism was “ mostly really good ” although he was critical of its support for banning “ proselytizing ” religious views by state employees , which he regarded as a concession to “ the more ‘ secularist ’ currents of the party " .
But Jones seemed more ambivalent about the decision to support Quebec independence : “ Without a position like this , it ca n’t move the left project forward .
But within that , we would argue that it is n’t the priority .
How we organize is key . ”
A positive feature of the adopted support for both sovereignty ( as the PQ proposes ) and independence , Jones said , was that it could satisfy everyone in the party : “ ... it links in the radical ‘ indépendantistes ’ , a large part of whom are the far left , with something that is just more broad . ”
La Riposte : Unions should affiliate to QS
Another collective from the Trotskyist tradition is La Riposte , which translates as Fightback , the name of their cothinkers in the rest of Canada .
Affiliated to the International Marxist Tendency headed by Alan Woods , La Riposte was recognised as a collective at QS ’s fourth convention , in June of this year .
Its members staffed a literature table at the convention but did not participate in the debates .
Their paper , with the same name , calls on QS to be “ a party of the workers with an organic connection to the main trade unions ” as well as fight for socialism .
United with the Canadian workers , their natural allies , it says , the Quebec working class can “ tear down the bourgeois federalist state and , in its place , set up a voluntary socialist union under equal terms , where the main levers of the economy are nationalized and placed under workers ’ control ” .
However , La Riposte has not yet reported on the QS convention or indicated what it thought of the resolutions debated and adopted there .
Parti Communiste du Québec :
For independence and renegotiate NAFTA
PCQ members were less evident at this convention than they had been in previous ones I have attended .
Possibly they were preoccupied with preparations for their own convention , held on December 12 .
That convention adopted a resolution on Québec ’s accession to independence that differs somewhat from the position adopted by the Québec solidaire convention three weeks earlier .
Once a government including the PCQ has been “ elected in coalition or otherwise ” , it states , the National Assembly should adopt a provisional constitution and unilaterally declare Quebec independence from Canada and the British Crown , then hold a popular consultation on the constitution followed by election of a Constituent Assembly that would draft a complete constitution for an independent Quebec , to be approved in a referendum .
The PCQ would fight to include progressive social rights written into the constitution .
An independent Quebec , says the resolution , would strive for economic as well as political independence , and “ renegotiate Quebec ’s place within the NAFTA as well as all the other treaties that Canada has signed in our name .... ”
Does this include continued membership not only in NAFTA but in the military alliances NATO and NORAD ?
The resolution does not say .
Although the resolution calls for closer relations with the member countries of the Bolivarian Alliance for the Americas , it also says an independent Quebec would exert “ pressure on the governments of the emerging countries to improve the working conditions of their peoples ” .
Communist Party of Canada : Is QS preparing to compromise with the PQ ?
Although the CPC is not a collective in Québec solidaire , some of its members are in QS and were delegates to the convention .
They spoke against Quebec independence .
An article in the December issue of People ’s Voice by its “ Québec Bureau ” explained why .
It quoted Pierre Fontaine , the party ’s Quebec leader : “ From a means , sovereignty has become a goal in itself ....
The door is now open for compromises with nationalist bourgeois forces — like the Parti Québécois ” , Fontaine said .
The CPC thinks that the Canadian capitalist class may be overthrown before Quebec can become independent , and that Québécois should not forestall this possibility by fighting for independence through a united front with Quebec nationalists .
Instead , they should fight for “ a new , democratic and equal constitution for all nations in Canada ” .
The article did not express a position on the other issues debated at the convention .
* * *
The preceding summary of positions held by the left or Marxist collectives in Québec solidaire — a comprehensive understanding of their positions can only be gained from observing their conduct in the party and reading the documentation on the web sites I have referenced — should indicate that none , as a collective , is in a position to exert much influence , positive or otherwise , on the present course of the party .
To my knowledge , Québec solidaire ’s unanimous decision to endorse the boycotts , divestment and sanctions against Israel in support of the Palestinian people — a highlight of the convention — was not an initiative of any collective in the party .
This weakness is not the result of any particular limitation on the thinking or action of the collectives imposed by the Québec solidaire structures or top leadership .
Rather , it reflects the general organisational and political decline of the far left in Quebec over the last 25 to 30 years and its inability to overcome these deficiencies even in the favourable environment provided by its participation in the new broad left party .
Conversely , the ability of Québec solidaire to maintain itself and move ahead in the development of its program and activities on a series of important questions of Quebec politics — as registered by the November convention — is an encouraging sign that the new progressive forces from the feminist , students , grassroots coalitions and the labour movement that have so far coalesced in Québec solidaire can make further progress in the period ahead , even without ( and in some cases despite ) the contribution of the old left .
That said , in my opinion the development of a Marxist left with a solid strategy for building Québec solidaire as the leading force in the fight for an independent and socialist Quebec could advance the party enormously , and with it the cause of all working people in Quebec and elsewhere .
Québec solidaire is very much a “ work in progress ” , and socialists elsewhere have every interest in following its development closely .
I hope this blog will contribute to that process in the coming months and years .
[ 1 ]
The statutes are due to be overhauled at a forthcoming convention .
There 's encouraging news on that other Washington effort to force Americans into a government - run system .
The White House plan to drive private lenders out of the market for student loans is igniting a backlash on campus and Capitol Hill .
The typical tale of a free - speech controversy on campus involves administrators landing on some poor undergrad who violates political correctness .
But in this story the administrators have been afraid to speak as the Department of Education pressured them to drop private lenders and embrace ...
DisplayLink devices on Linux still only have experimental support .
While some people have had success in using them , it is generally not an easy process and not guaranteed to work .
The steps on this page describe the generally most successful methods of using external monitors with DisplayLink .
Also be warned that even over USB 3.0 , a DisplayLink monitor may exhibit noticeably more lag than e.g.
a DisplayPort monitor , especially when large portions of the screen are being redrawn .
Installation
USB 2.0 DL - 1x5 , DL - 1x0 Devices
The kernel DRM driver for DisplayLink is udl , a rewrite of the original udlfb driver .
It allows configuring DisplayLink monitors using Xrandr .
This should work without any configuration changes on 4.14.9 - 1 and later .
If you 're using an earlier version of that package or have CONFIG_FB_UDL=m set in your kernel config , you need to blacklist the old kernel module , udlfb , which may attempt to load itself first .
USB 3.0 DL - 6xxx , DL - 5xxx , DL - 41xx , DL - 3xxx Devices
Install the AUR driver .
It allows configuring DisplayLink monitors using Xrandr in the same manner as the udl driver .
Enable displaylink . service .
Use the " modesetting " driver with AccelMethod " none " and MatchDriver " evdi " .
Create a file with the following content :
/usr/share/X11/xorg.conf.d/20-evdidevice.conf
Section " OutputClass " Identifier " DisplayLink " MatchDriver " evdi " Driver " modesetting " Option " AccelMethod " " none " EndSection
A reboot is required for the setting to be effective .
You may need the AUR package .
Setting up X Displays
After that , run :
$ xrandr -- listproviders
Providers : number : 2 Provider 0 : id : 0x49 cap : 0xb , Source Output , Sink Output , Sink Offload crtcs : 2 outputs : 8 associated providers : 0 name : Intel Provider 1 : id : 0x13 c cap : 0x2 , Sink Output crtcs : 1 outputs : 1 associated providers : 0 name : modesetting
In the above output , we can see that provider 0 is the system 's regular graphics provider ( Intel ) , and provider 1 ( modesetting ) is the DisplayLink provider .
To use the DisplayLink device , connect provider 1 to provider 0 :
$ xrandr --setprovideroutputsource 1 0
and xrandr will add a DVI output you can use as normal with xrandr .
This is still experimental but supports hotplugging and when works , it is by far the simplest setup .
If it works then everything below is unnecessary .
Configuration
These instructions assume that you already have an up and running X server and are simply adding a monitor to your existing setup .
Load the framebuffer device
Before your system will recognize your DisplayLink device , the udl kernel module must be loaded .
To do this , run
# modprobe udl
If your DisplayLink device is connected , it should show some visual indication of this .
Although a green screen is the standard indicator of this , other variations have been spotted and are perfectly normal .
Most importantly , the output of dmesg should show something like the following , indicating a new DisplayLink device was found :
usb 2 - 1.1 : new high - speed USB device number 7 using ehci-pci usb 2 - 1.1 : New USB device found , idVendor=17e9 , idProduct=03e0 usb 2-1.1 : New USB device strings : Mfr=1 , Product=2 , SerialNumber=3 usb 2-1.1 : Product : Lenovo LT1421 wide usb 2-1.1 : Manufacturer : DisplayLink usb 2-1.1 : SerialNumber : 6V9BBRM1 [ drm ] vendor descriptor length :17 data:17 5f 01 00 15 05 00 01 03 00 04 udl 2-1.1:1.0 : fb1 : udldrmfb frame buffer device [ drm ] Initialized udl 0.0.1 20120220 on minor 1
Furthermore , / dev should contain a new fb device , likely / dev / fb1 if you already had a framebuffer for your primary display .
To automatically load udl at boot , create the file udl.conf in /etc/ modules - load.d/ with the following contents :
/etc/modules-load.d/udl.conf
udl
For more information on loading kernel modules , see Kernel modules # Automatic module loading with systemd .
Configuring X Server
Use xrandr or your Desktop Environment 's display setup UI to configure your USB monitors running either the udl or displaylink driver .
xrandr
Once the driver is loaded , the DisplayLink monitor is listed as an output provider :
$ xrandr -- listproviders
Providers : number : 2 Provider 0 : id : 0x43 cap : 0xb , Source Output , Sink Output , Sink Offload crtcs : 2 outputs : 2 associated providers : 1 name : Intel Provider 1 : id : 0xcb cap : 0x2 , Sink Output crtcs : 1 outputs : 1 associated providers : 1 name : modesetting
In the above example , provider 1 is the DisplayLink device , and provider 0 is the default display .
Running xrandr -- current gives a list of available screens :
$ xrandr -- current
Screen 0 : minimum 320 x 200 , current 1600 x 900 , maximum 8192 x 8192 LVDS1 connected 1600x900+0+0 ( normal left inverted right x axis y axis ) 309 mm x 174 mm 1600x900 60.0 *+
40.0 1440x900 59.9 1360x768 59.8 60.0 1152x864 60.0 1024x768 60.0 800x600 60.3 56.2 640x480 59.9 VGA1 disconnected ( normal left inverted right x axis y axis ) DVI - 1 - 0 connected ( normal left inverted right x axis y axis ) 1366x768 60.0 +
1368x768_59.90 59.9 1368x768_59.90 ( 0xd0 ) 85.7MHz h : width 1368 start 1440 end 1584 total 1800 skew 0 clock 47.6KHz v : height 768 start 769 end 772 total 795 clock 59.9Hz
If the above does not list the DisplayLink screen , then you will need to offload DisplayLink to the main GPU :
xrandr --setprovideroutputsource 1 0
Once the screen is available , refer to Xrandr for info on setting it up .
For automating the configuration process , see displaylink.sh .
Enabling DVI output on startup
The DisplayLink provider will not be automatically connected to the main provider in most cases , therefore the DVI output device will not be available .
It can be helpful to automatically do this when X starts to facilitate automatic display configuration by the window manager .
Edit your desktop manager 's startup configuration and add commands similar to :
$ ( xrandr -- listproviders | grep -q " modesetting " ) && xrandr --setprovideroutputsource 1 0
For example , the appropriate startup configuration file for SDDM is /usr / share / sddm / scripts / Xsetup .
Avoid placing these commands in ~/.xprofile as this breaks the display configuration of some window managers .
Instead these commands should be run prior to any display output or setup .
Note :
If you have additional providers , specify the name of the provider instead of using indexes .
The name of the DisplayLink device will be modesetting
Switching between displaylink and nvidia / nouveau driver
Currently ( displaylink version 1.3.54 - 1 ) it is not possible to use displaylink device and nvidia / nouveau driver simultaniously on optimus based laptops .
Currently to be able to use displaylink device on intel GPU , you should create config file ( see troubleshooting section below ) .
However , with that config file it is not possible to use primusrun .
Bumblebee service is running , but it can not work .
Also , laptop 's fans are becoming very noisy and laptop 's temperature becomes very high .
When you want to switch back to activate nvidia driver , comment everything in that file and reboot .
To simplify process of switching , you can install AUR and add an additional menu entry to your bootloader using the kernel parameter systemd.unit=displaylink.target , thus activating displaylink workaround .
To check which driver is used for your discrete video card , run lspci - nnk -s xx:xx .x ( replace xx:xx . x with your nvidia gpu pci id ) .
Troubleshooting
Not working configuration
These are tested on Xfce using Display settings ( included in XFCE4 package ) and external tool - .
XFCE4 Display settings are likely to crash , so ARandR might help .
When you connect display link device via USB to your computer , the computer should show monitors in Display settings .
There are few troubleshooting steps that you should try :
Check # Setting up X Displays .
If you can find any external monitors recognized , you should try to make them visible by the following commands :
xrandr --setprovideroutputsource 1 0 xrandr --setprovideroutputsource 2 0 xrandr --setprovideroutputsource 3 0 ...
This will make them visible and recognized in Display settings .
Restart displaylink .service .
. Re-connect the USB cable .
Check if udl driver is loaded and monitors are connected .
Screen redraw is broken
If you are using udl as your kernel driver and the monitor appears to work , but is only updating where you move the mouse or when windows change in certain places , then you probably have the wrong modeline for your screen .
Getting a proper modeline for your screen with a command like
gtf 1366 768 59.9
where 1366 and 768 are the horizontal and vertical resolutions for your monitor , and 59.9 is the refresh rate from its specs .
To use this , create a new mode with xrandr like follows :
xrandr -- newmode " 1368x768_59.90 " 85.72 1368 1440 1584 1800 768 769 772 795 - HSync + Vsync
and add it to Xrandr :
xrandr -- addmode DVI -0 1368x768_59.90
Then tell the monitor to use that mode for the DisplayLink monitor , and this should fix the redraw issues .
Check the Xrandr page for information on using a different mode .
If this does not solve the problem ( or if the correct modeline was already in place because of correct DDC data ) , it can help to run a compositor .
DisplayLink refresh rate is extremely slow with gnome 3
If once you set up your DisplayLink your entire desktop becomes slow , try setting a " simpler " background image , such as complete black .
Slow redraw / Unresponsiveness in Google Chrome and Webkit2 - based Applications
This is to be associated with bugs in hardware acceleration , which can be tested by running glxgears in the displaylink screen resulting in 1 fps .
There is currently no complete fix available , but turning off Hardware - Acceleration in affected applications can work as a temporary fix .
This can be done in applications without a hardware - acceleration option by prepending the LIBGL_ALWAYS_SOFTWARE=1 environment variable .
Impossible to activate displaylink 's screen
In case you are able to see attached monitor via DisplayLink device in your screen settings , but after you turn it on and apply settings , it becomes deactivated , then try blacklist nouveau module and reboot :
/etc/modprobe.d/nouveau.conf
blacklist nouveau options nouveau modeset=0
Suspend problem
Displaylink is not working after suspend .
Unplug and then plug again displaylink 's usb cable to your computer .
Monitor that is connected via DisplayLink will remain black .
If you have lock screen , login to the system and then picture will appear at that monitor and you will be able to use displaylink as normal .
DisplayLink is not working when usb hot plugged
To be able to use DisplayLink monitors , its usb cable should be attached to laptop during boot time .
Otherwise it can behave like they are available and mouse can be moved there , but its picture is frozen , even with correct configuration ( see workaround 1 ) .
If it was not attached at boot time , attach it and reboot .
DisplayLink driver does not work with Intel GPUs after recent X upgrades
As this support page says , upgrading the X Window Server to a version newer than 1.18.3 will make the system not compatible with DisplayLink by default .
This applies to systems using an integrated Intel GPU , or a combination of integrated Intel GPU and a discrete GPU .
Until fixes in X Windows System will be released , there are two workarounds :
Workaround 1 : Use older intel driver as a fallback
Use the " intel " driver for the integrated GPU instead of " modesetting " , which is now the default .
Create a file with the following content :
/usr/share/X11/xorg.conf.d/20-displaylink.conf
Section " Device " Identifier " Intel Graphics " Driver " intel " EndSection
A reboot is required for the setting to be effective .
You may need the AUR package .
Workaround 2 : Temporarily disable PageFlip for modesetting
For users that prefer to keep using " modesetting " driver , disabling page flipping should also help .
Create a file with the following content :
/usr/share/X11/xorg.conf.d/20-displaylink.conf
Section " Device " Identifier " DisplayLink " Driver " modesetting " Option " PageFlip " " false " EndSection
Displays disconnect at random intervals when using the Dell D6000 docking station
User 's have reported that when using the Dell D6000 docking station , their display (s ) may disconnect at random intervals during usage .
This will require physically reconnecting the dock in order to reinitialise the displays .
This issue appears to be caused by PulseAudio 's module - suspend - on - idle module , which automatically suspends sinks / sources on idle .
To disable loading of the module - suspend - on - idle module , comment out the following line in the configuration file in use ( ~/.config/pulse/default.pa or /etc/pulse/default.pa ) :
/etc/pulse/default.pa
### Automatically suspend sinks / sources that become idle for too long # load - module module - suspend - on - idle
See Also
John Derbyshire
Jules Verne ( 1828-1905 ) is conventionally regarded as the father of science fiction .
Some literary historians may dispute this , asserting that sci- fi goes all the way back to the early moderns or even the ancients ( via , of course , Bacon ’s “ New Atlantis ” ... ) , with the boldest spirits even claiming Homer ’s Odyssey for the genre .
That seems to me a stretch .
Since science , as we now understand the term , did not really begin until the seventeenth century , surely science fiction cannot have existed any earlier .
Reserving the right to offer some qualifications of my own , “ father of science fiction ” will do very well as a starting point for discussing Verne and his works .
Between 1863 and 1905 , this very bourgeois French gentleman — Verne was the son of a lawyer , and his only paid employment outside literature was a brief spell as a stockbroker — wrote 65 books grouped by bibliographers under the heading Les Voyages Extraordinaires .
These were works of fiction whose plots either hinged on some extrapolation , or untried application , of the science of Verne ’s time , or at a minimum used some unresolved scientific issue ( and here you have to include geography among the sciences ) as a “ hook ” on which to hang an adventure story .
A handful of those books , all from the first dozen or so of those 42 years , are known , at least by name , to any person literate in modern Western culture .
Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea was made into a fine early special - effects movie by Disney in 1954 .
Two years later , producer Mike Todd made Verne ’s Around the World in Eighty Days into a cast - of - thousands , costume - and - scenery extravaganza that won five Oscars .
My ten - year - old son owns , and has read , an abbreviated young - reader ’s edition of Journey to the Center of the Earth , and at least one recent movie , the rather dire 2003 The Core , can claim to be distantly descended ( so to speak ) from that book .
The names of Verne ’s first published novel , Five Weeks in a Balloon , and his third , From the Earth to the Moon ( generally issued together with its sequel , Around the Moon ) ring a bell with some of us , though I do not think they are much read nowadays , except perhaps in abridged children ’s versions .
The rest of Verne ’s titles are now little known .
Verne ’s biographers generally acknowledge that the quality of his books fell off after the mid-1870s , and that many of the later ones , though some contain interesting or original notions , are little more than pot-boilers .
At the time of Verne ’s death in 1905 , sales of these later books were at unimpressive levels .
The Mighty Orinoco , for example , had a first - print run of only 5,000 at its publication in 1898 , and unsold copies remained in the publisher ’s stockroom years later .
Some of the later novels , including that one , were not translated into English .
The fault here does not lie entirely with Verne .
The very success of his early works inspired numerous imitators , so that by the end of the nineteenth century a reader seeking “ scientific romances ” in the style of Verne had plenty of authors to choose from .
The first English - language translations of Verne ’s work appeared in the early 1870s .
They were commercially successful but in other respects unsatisfactory , and are rather resented by Verne ’s more serious admirers .
Because the books were considered to be for children , and therefore to have no literary importance , translators felt free to abridge , amend , or even rewrite them .
Translation work was in any case ( and still is ) badly paid and otherwise unrewarding .
Furthermore , the metric system Verne used was unfamiliar to his British and American translators , so that the conscientious calculations he sometimes included in his text were , when not omitted altogether , frequently garbled in English - language editions , leading the more attentive reader to think that Verne was careless or innumerate .
With the growth of college English departments in recent decades , and the acceptance of science fiction as a proper field of study for literary theorists and cultural historians , some salvage work has been undertaken .
This is the context for the publication by Wesleyan University Press of four new English translations of Verne novels , with annotations and introductions by scholars .
These four translations came out between December 2001 and November 2005 , and apparently they will be followed by others .
The four originals span a period from the high summer of Verne ’s fame and popularity , in the mid-1870s , to the very end of his career in the year of his death , 1905 .
For that reason it seems to me best to deal with them in the order of original publication , rather than in the order of Wesleyan ’s translations , the dates of which I shall note only in passing .
The Mysterious Island was published in installments through 1874 and 1875 .
It can , I think , fairly be described as the best - known of Verne ’s lesser - known works .
It was translated into English twice in the 1870s , and all the other English - language editions available prior to this one from Wesleyan were derived from the first of those translations , usually much abridged .
This Wesleyan edition of January 2002 is a completely new and full translation of the French text , and includes the original illustrations ( as do the other three books in this series ) .
The translator is Sidney Kravitz , billed on the book ’s cover as a “ retired scientist and engineer . ”
The introduction and endnotes are supplied by literary scholar William Butcher , who has also published translations of Verne , though not in the Wesleyan series .
One of the young Jules Verne ’s own favorite books was The Swiss Family Robinson , a children ’s classic from the early nineteenth century , in which the energetic and capable family of the title are marooned on a desert island , which they soon transform into a little Switzerland .
The Mysterious Island builds on the same idea .
Verne ’s castaways are five Americans from the Union side in the Civil War and a dog belonging to one of them .
All are trapped by various circumstances in Richmond , Virginia in March 1865 .
During a tremendous storm they make their escape from the city in a balloon , which is then swept far across the world to the empty wastes of the southwest Pacific .
The balloon fails at last , and the five are washed up on an uncharted island .
Desert - island stories , or “ Robinsonades ” as they were known in publishing circles of the time ( after Robinson Crusoe , of course , the granddaddy of them all ) , were a staple of nineteenth - century popular fiction .
Writing of another specimen , Charles Reade ’s Foul Play , which was published five years before The Mysterious Island , George Orwell remarked : “ Some desert - island stories , of course , are worse than others , but none is altogether bad when it sticks to the actual concrete details of the struggle to keep alive .
A list of the objects in a shipwrecked man ’s possession is probably the surest winner in fiction , surer even than a trial scene . ”
Verne ’s castaways have one of the shortest such lists : the clothes they are wearing , a single match , two watches , the dog ’s metal collar , and one grain of wheat .
They are Americans , though , and this was the beginning of the era — it ended with the Apollo program — when the U.S.A. was seen by foreigners , certainly by Verne , as the can - do nation , populated by ruggedly self - reliant types who could turn their hands to any practical task .
The personification of this national stereotype is Cyrus Smith , leader of the castaways , “ an engineer and a scientist of the first rank , ” and also “ courage personified , ” who “ had been in all the battles of the Civil War . ”
Under Smith ’s direction , in next to no time the castaways have a forge , a brickworks , a pottery kiln , and a glassworks up and running .
When they need to remove a rock barrier to lower the water level of a lake , Smith manufactures nitroglycerin .
The various chemical processes are carefully described .
Having installed themselves in a large cave high on some cliffs , the castaways construct an eighty - foot rope ladder whose “ sides , formed of juncus fibers tightly braided by means of a winch , had the strength of a thick cable . ”
This , however , is a mere makeshift , for “ Cyrus Smith planned on later installing a hydraulic elevator ” !
He actually does so .
The youngest of the castaways , a boy of fifteen , is a walking encyclopedia of botany and zoology , so that our heroes encounter few difficulties in provisioning themselves , and in seeking out construction materials like those juncus fibers .
It is all a bit implausible , and one finds oneself wondering whether people in their situation , and of their energy and abilities , would not bend their efforts to escaping from the island rather than making it a home away from home .
It takes them three years to set about constructing a suitable boat — no mere raft , of course , but “ a vessel of 250 to 300 tons . ”
In the meantime , we have been taken through subplots about a stranger rescued from a neighboring island , a ship full of escaped convicts , and some inexplicable occurrences , all to the castaways ’ advantage , that suggest the presence of a hidden benefactor watching and helping them .
At the end of the book this benefactor turns out to be none other than Captain Nemo of Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea .
Nemo dies ; the island explodes ; the castaways are rescued by a passing vessel out of one of the subplots , and all ends happily .
Of the four books salvaged by Wesleyan , The Mysterious Island is much the best , and may very well — not having read all 65 of the “ extraordinary voyages , ” I cannot speak definitively — be the last decent book Verne wrote .
In spite of implausibilities like those noted above , the author keeps a good narrative pace going , manages his action scenes decently well , and works up a nice air of mystery about the castaways ’ hidden benefactor .
The translators , it must be acknowledged , were right : this is kid fiction , or at best young - adult fiction .
It has no social dimension .
The characters of the castaways are merely sketched , and they do not interact with each other in any interesting ways .
One of them is a freed Negro , Cyrus Smith ’s manservant ; but Verne makes so little of this that I found myself forgetting the man ’s color for quite long stretches .
Even that little is too much for a modern — I probably mean “ post - modern ” — academic , of course .
The book ’s annotator warns us sternly that : “ What should not be glossed over is the systematic racism of the novel . ”
Personally I found no difficulty in glossing over it .
I could not , in fact , detect it .
The story of the princess and the pea comes to mind .
The Negro of The Mysterious Island seems to me to be as capable as his comrades .
He is not even given a comic dialect to speak , though I suppose this might be discretion on the translator ’s part .
In fact , the scraps of politics in the book — Nemo ’s denunciation of the British Empire , and the author ’s plain partiality for the Union side in the Civil War — are all of a very progressive kind by nineteenth - century standards , and are anyway incidental to the story .
The same cannot be said of The Begum ’s Millions , one of two books Verne published in 1879 .
This is a pretty straightforward anti-German diatribe , dressed up as a story about a huge inheritance divided between an idealistic French physician and a grotesque German academic given to writing articles with titles like , to quote an actual example , “ Why Are All Frenchmen Stricken in Different Degrees with Hereditary Degeneration ? ”
The French beneficiary uses his portion of the inheritance to build a model city in the far northwestern United States , a “ City of Well Being ” built according to the best principles of public health and education , to which are invited to live “ all honest families whom poverty and lack of employment might have driven from overpopulated lands . ”
The horrid German of course builds the opposite kind of city , a City of Steel , thirty miles away , and dedicates it to the manufacture of new and terrible weapons .
His main aim is to destroy the City of Well Being .
However , he is foiled by a deus ex machina plot device , and by the efforts of a gallant young man who loves the French doctor ’s daughter .
Good France therefore triumphs over evil Germany , redressing , at least in fiction , the humiliation of the Franco - Prussian War eight years earlier .
It is curious to see such a strongly drawn caricature of the racist , bombastic , obsessive - compulsive , militaristic German at such an early date , but the novel is otherwise without much interest .
The love - affair sub - plot is dealt with in a very perfunctory way , and would have been omitted altogether if Pierre - Jules Hetzel , Verne ’s publisher , had not insisted otherwise .
The story , including this subplot , was actually a reworking by Verne of a manuscript Hetzel had bought from a colorful character named Paschal Grousset , a fugitive from justice at the time .
This we learn from the annotator of the Wesleyan edition , Peter Schulman of Old Dominion University in Norfolk , Virginia .
The translator of this volume is Stanford L. Luce , Professor Emeritus of French at Miami University in Ohio .
I have no doubt that Prof .
Luce ’s command of French is all that it should be for a college teacher of that language , but his rendering of some of Verne ’s dialogue in English is gratingly anachronistic .
We should not see locutions like “ You ’re right up there with the Rothschilds ! ” or “ Is he ever stupid ... ” in a nineteenth - century novel .
As well as echoing the passions aroused by the Franco - Prussian War , the crudity of the social commentary in The Begum ’s Millions probably reflects Verne ’s own lack of real interest in politics or society .
That comment needs some qualification .
In his sixties and seventies Verne was in fact a working politician , though how he found the time while turning out a book and a half a year is baffling to me .
From 1888 to 1904 he served as a municipal councillor in the provincial town of Amiens , where he lived .
His service seems to have been conscientious and useful — he was elected four times — but it is hard to deduce from it much of a fixed ideology , or even a coherent set of ideas about politics .
Reborn in our own time , Verne would likely have been a libertarian .
He was very strongly attracted to the idea of natural liberty , at least for people like himself .
That is why his only really compelling characters are those like Captain Nemo and Phileas Fogg , who do just as they please .
He actually favored the anarchist movement that was plaguing Europe in his later years — Prince Kropotkin was one of his acquaintances .
The assassination of the French President by an anarchist in 1894 seems not to have dismayed Verne .
Yet he was first and foremost a provincial French bourgeois , and in the practical affairs he was obliged to vote on as a councillor , he favored order and convention over liberty and social innovation .
That Verne needed to be persuaded ( or perhaps just told : it seems that in the relationship between Verne and Hetzel , the author proposed , but the publisher disposed ) to include some love interest in The Begum ’s Millions will not surprise readers of Verne ’s better - known works .
The Indian widow rescued by , and eventually married to , Phileas Fogg in Around the World in Eighty Days is the merest of ciphers , and none of the other big Verne classics contain any women at all that I can recollect .
It would have been easy enough to include a woman among the castaways in The Mysterious Island .
It would not even have been original : Charles Reade ’s hero in Foul Play is marooned with an heiress , whom he marries at the end of the book .
( Stacpoole ’s The Blue Lagoon , which took this line of thought as far as it can , or should , be taken , was still three decades in the future . )
It is hard to imagine Verne thinking of this , though , and the chances are it never occurred to him .
So far as one can judge from the biographies , Verne had no interest in women at all after some youthful infatuations , the last of which ended in a marriage that rapidly cooled .
Verne ’s son Michel was born when the author was 33 , and husband and wife took to separate beds soon thereafter .
They do not seem to have had much in common .
It would not have been too transgressive of the French bourgeois code for Verne to have taken a mistress , but he never did so , though there is some circumstantial evidence of an “ intellectual friendship ” with a Parisian lady in the 1880s , during Verne ’s occasional visits to the capital .
It is therefore quite striking to see the Wesleyan edition of Verne ’s 1898 adventure story The Mighty Orinoco describe itself , on the back jacket , as having “ a unique feminist twist . ”
Really , though , this is making much out of nothing .
The Mighty Orinoco , of which this is the first English translation ( by Stanford L. Luce again ) concerns a journey to the source of that river by a mixed party of Frenchmen and Venezuelans .
The Venezuelans are three geographers intent on settling a point of fact about the river ’s origin .
Two of the French participants are young naturalists on a scientific expedition for the French government .
The other two are a young lad and his protector , a gruff old NCO from the French army .
It eventually emerges that the lad is actually a lass , seeking her lost father , whose last known address was on the upper Orinoco .
That is the entire “ feminist ” content of the book .
The annotator here is Walter James Miller , professor of English at New York University .
Prof .
Miller takes the “ feminist ” scraps offered to him by Jules Verne and pumps them up to beach - ball size with post - modernist gas , crediting our author with “ remarkable intuition about androgyny . ”
As a writer , in fact , Prof .
Miller is more entertaining than the late - period Jules Verne , though unintentionally so .
The Mighty Orinoco is a dreary book , a thin and unoriginal plot dressed up with far too much botanical , zoological , and anthropological detail .
I found I was enjoying Prof .
Miller ’s notes more than Verne ’s text .
It was a macabre sort of enjoyment , though , the kind of dark pleasure one gets from watching someone make a fool of himself , for the good professor is the kind of literary academic anxious — far too anxious — to show you the racist , sexist , colonialist subtext lying beneath every page .
At the least excuse he lets fly with little po-mo homilies :
Patriarchal society glorifies certain characteristics ( logic , assertiveness , action ) as “ male ” and others ( emotion , timidity , passivity ) as “ female . ”
Actually all persons of both sexes are made up of both “ masculine ” and “ feminine ” traits , and if men developed their “ female ” side and women their “ male ” side both genders [ sic ] would enjoy a far greater chance to develop their full potential as human beings .
This kind of thing is intended to demonstrate how much less intelligent and humane our benighted ancestors were compared with our enlightened selves .
To chide Verne for not being on board with the intellectual fads current in early twenty - first century U.S. academe is misplaced , as Verne ’s comments about the Venezuelan Indians , and about such women as he deigns to notice , are uniformly innocuous , when not actually benign .
( He describes one tribe of Indians as “ gentle in character , resourceful and intelligent . ” )
Academics must justify their existence , though ; and it is , as I said , a kind of comic relief , after a dull dissertation on the appearance and habits of the tapir , to turn to Prof .
Miller ’s endnotes and find a spirited rant against the wickedness of Pythagoras and Plato : “ Even if they did not believe in [ metempsychosis ] themselves ... [ they ] certainly thought it convenient to teach it to the masses as a means of controlling morals and politics . ”
Ah , the masses !
What would humanities professors do without them ?
By the last year of his life , when he wrote Invasion of the Sea , Verne was tired , ill , and long since written out .
The first of the Wesleyan series to appear ( in January 2001 ) , the book is translated by Edward Baxter , and annotated by DePauw University ’s Arthur B. Evans , the most senior figure in Verne studies outside France .
Though nimble with phrases like “ the semiotic evolution ( didactic to hermeneutic ) of this brand of scientific - literary discourse , ” Prof .
Evans is not as pugnaciously post - modernist as Prof.
Miller .
This unfortunately means that Invasion of the Sea offers no pleasures at all , not even subversive ones .
The reader is alone with a group of French engineers and their military escort in the Algerian Sahara , parts of which are to be turned into an inland sea .
The Tuareg nomads of the region are naturally unfriendly to the idea , and their efforts to thwart the French supply such tension as the novel can muster .
A French scholar quoted in Prof .
Evans ’s notes thinks that “ Jules Verne actually admires and empathizes with ” the Tuareg rebels and their leader , but I must say I found this admiration and empathy hard to detect .
To what degree can these four books be said to belong to science fiction ?
Only The Begum ’s Millions suggests any interesting extrapolation of known science : an artillery shell filled with frozen carbon dioxide , so that : “ Every living being within a radius of thirty meters from the center of the explosion is both frozen and asphyxiated ! ”
Of the others , The Mysterious Island gets in under the wire by its inclusion of Captain Nemo ’s marvelous submarine , Invasion of the Sea by being set in the future ( around 1930 , though it hardly matters ) .
The Mighty Orinoco contains no scientific mystery or invention at all , only a technical and incidental point about the source of the river .
You could make a case , in fact , that Verne was not really interested in science at all but merely its technological applications .
Certainly he was a magpie for curious technological and biological factlets , and had a fairly good head for numbers .
The imaginative side of science , though — the side that actually propels science forward — was a thing he had no acquaintance with .
I am sure he would have been baffled by Vladimir Nabokov ’s remark about “ the precision of the artist , the passion of the scientist . ”
The great pure - science advances of his time made no impression on him .
I do not know of anything in Verne ’s works that would be different if Maxwell ’s equations had not appeared in 1865 .
About Darwin ’s theory he seems to have been utterly confused , employing a sort of crude pop-Darwinism in books like The Aerial Village ( 1901 ) , yet declaring himself “ entirely opposed to the theories of Darwin ” in an interview he gave at about the same time .
This was not likely an opposition based on religious belief .
Though he always , when asked , described himself as a “ believer , ” this was part of the bourgeois façade that Verne chose to live behind after some youthful dabbling in la vie Bohème .
He actually gave up attending Mass in the 1880s , and probably died an agnostic .
Though a gifted storyteller , certainly in his early years , Verne had not sufficient powers of imagination , or scientific understanding , to rise to true science fiction .
Here the contrast with his much younger ( by 39 years ) competitor for the “ father of science fiction ” title , H. G. Wells , is most striking .
The concept of a fourth dimension , for example , first took mathematical form in the 1840s .
By 1870 it was , according to the mathematician Felix Klein , part of “ the general property of the advancing young generation [ of mathematicians ] . ”
Wells grasped the imaginative power of this notion and used it to produce one of the greatest of all science fiction stories , The Time Machine ( 1895 ) .
Verne never used it at all , and would probably have found the notion of a fourth dimension absurd .
Gifted storytellers are rare enough that we should welcome them when they appear , especially if they have a strong appeal to young readers .
The Mollweide projection of the earth ’s surface in my grandfather ’s 1922 Atlas - Guide to the British Commonwealth of Nations and Foreign Countries still has a jagged blue ballpoint line running across it , made by the hand of a fascinated small boy circa 1956 , to trace the progress of Phileas Fogg on his eighty - day journey .
The point of science fiction , however , is something more than offering engrossing narrative .
As stated by Kingsley Amis in his survey of the field ( New Maps of Hell , 1960 ) , science fiction exists “ to arouse wonder , terror , and excitement ” in its readers .
Verne rose to this challenge once or twice in his early books — the mysteries and dangers of Journey to the Center of the Earth , the many strange encounters of Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea , the whirlwind escapades of Around the World in Eighty Days — but it is not met , nor even glimpsed , in these four Wesleyan translations of later works .
Perhaps a better title for Verne is “ Father of Tech - Fi , ” of stories that revolve around the fanciful possibilities of technology to harness nature ’s powers , to aid human adventure , and to rescue men from terrible perils .
One of the blurbs on the Wesleyan edition of The Mighty Orinoco , taken from the New York Times , calls Verne “ the Michael Crichton of the nineteenth century , ” which I think is very precise , and conveys the same idea .
True science fiction , however , began twenty years after the masterpieces of Verne ’s youth , and on the other side of the English Channel .
The Problems With " Printing Your Way out of Debt "
Governments are running breathtaking deficits … and accumulating alarming debts .
Japan has a national debt of nearly 200 % of its GDP .
Where did that debt come from ?
It came from 20 years of trying to buy its way out of a slump with borrowed money .
Of course , it did n’t work .
But now , Britain and America are following the Japanese lead … and the Japanese are still at it !
At the present rate , Japan ’s government debt will grow to 300 % of GDP in 10 years .
America ’s debt could grow to 100 % … and then 200 % of GDP …over the next decade ( depending on whose projections you believe ) .
And Britain , if we read the report in The Financial Times correctly , will have debt equal to 200 % of GDP within 3 years .
Just what kind of crisis do these numbers portend ?
It ’s hard to say .
Probably a combination of confidence , followed by debt default and inflation .
Would the US actually default ?
We agree with Paul Samuelson ; the answer is ‘ maybe . ’
Samuelson , writing in The Washington Post :
“ The idea that the government of a major advanced country would default on its debt – that is , tell lenders that it wo n’t repay them all they ’re owed – was , until recently , a preposterous proposition .
Argentina and Russia have stiffed their creditors , but surely the likes of the United States , Japan or Britain would n’t .
Well , it ’s still a very , very long shot , but it ’s no longer entirely unimaginable .
Governments of rich countries are borrowing so much that it ’s conceivable that one day the twin assumptions underlying their burgeoning debt ( that lenders will continue to lend and that governments will continue to pay ) might collapse .
What happens then ?
“ … People have predicted such a crisis for decades .
It has n’t happened yet .
The currency ’s decline has been orderly , because the dollar retains a bedrock confidence based on America ’s political stability , openness , wealth and low inflation .
But something could shatter that confidence – tomorrow or 10 years from tomorrow .
“ Despite huge deficits , interest rates on 10 - year Treasury bonds have hovered around 3.5 percent .
In time of financial crisis , investors have sought the apparent sanctuary of government bonds .
But the correct conclusion to draw is not that major governments ( such as Japan and the United States ) can easily borrow as much as they want .
It is that they can easily borrow as much as they want until confidence that they can do so evaporates – and we do n’t know when , how or whether that may happen . ”
Why would n’t the US just “ print its way out of debt ? ”
Because it ’s not that easy .
In effect , the feds are trying to print their way out of debt now .
They ’ve added huge amounts to the monetary base .
But that money is not getting into the real economy .
Instead , it ’s going into vaults and speculations .
“ Jittery Companies Stash Cash , ” says The Wall Street Journal .
And banks , too , borrow … but they do n’t lend .
They can borrow at negligible rates of interest … and buy US Treasury bonds on a leveraged basis … producing a 20 % yield .
That means , the US dollar has replaced the yen as the go - to currency for speculators .
Net effect ?
Lots of cash in what appears to the Mother of all Carry Trades .
The Financial Times :
“ The US dollar has become the major funding currency of carry trades as the Fed has kept interest rates on hold and is expected to do so for a long time .
Investors who are shorting the US dollar to buy on a highly leveraged basis higher - yielding assets and other global assets are not just borrowing at zero interest rates in dollar terms ; they are borrowing at very negative interest rates – as low as negative 10 or 20 per cent annualized – as the fall in the US dollar leads to massive capital gains on short dollar positions . ”
But in the economy itself ?
As in Japan , very little economic progress comes from this kind of speculation .
Bankruptcies rose 7 % last month .
Unemployment gets worse .
The financial markets bubble up .
The real economy shrivels up .
And people with any sense are stocking up .
Wireshark - announce : [ Wireshark - announce ] Wireshark 1.2.6 is now available
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE -----
Hash : SHA1 I 'm proud to announce the release of Wireshark 1.2.6 .
What is Wireshark ?
Wireshark is the world 's most popular network protocol analyzer .
It is used for troubleshooting , analysis , development , and education .
What 's New Bug Fixes
The following vulnerabilities have been fixed .
See the security advisory for details and a workaround .
o Babi discovered several buffer overflows in the LWRES dissector .
Versions affected : 0.9.15 to 1.0.10 , 1.2.0 to 1.2.5
The following bugs have been fixed : o Wireshark could crash while decrypting Kerberos data .
o Address display filters hang Wireshark .
( Bug 658 ) o PSML - structure context node missing .
( Bug 1564 ) o Wireshark does n't dynamically update the packet list .
( Bug 1605 ) o LUA : There 's no tvb_get_stringz ( ) equivalent .
( Bug 2244 ) o tvb_new_real_data is prone to memory leak .
( Bug 3917 ) o Malformed OPC UA traffic makes Wireshark " freeze " .
( Bug 3986 ) o Analyze -> Expert ... does n't show IP " Bad Checksum " errors .
( Bug 4177 ) o Wireshark can't decrypt WPA( 2 ) - PSK when passphrase is 63 bytes .
( Bug 4183 ) o RTP stream analysis : Wrong jitter values after clicking the refresh button .
( Bug 4340 ) o Wireshark decodes bootp option 2 incorrectly .
( Bug 4342 ) o Deleting SMI modules causes Wireshark to crash .
( Bug 4354 ) o Wireshark decodes kerberos AS - REQ PADATA incorrect .
( Bug 4363 ) o PDML output from TShark includes invalid characters .
( Bug 4402 ) o Empty GPRS LLC S frames cause truncated data exception .
( Bug 4417 ) New and Updated Features Feature parity between the 64 - and 32 - bit Windows installer has been improved .
The 64 - bit installer now supports the " matches " operator , GeoIP location , and most types of decryption .
Kerberos decryption and OID resolution are still not supported .
New Protocol Support
There are no new protocols in this release .
Updated Protocol Support BJNP , BOOTP / DHCP , DHCPv6 , FIP , GPRS LLC , IEEE 802.11 , IP , Kerberos , OPCUA , SCTP , SSL , ZRTP Updated Capture File Support
There are no updated capture file formats in this release .
Getting Wireshark Wireshark source code and installation packages are available from http://www.wireshark.org/download.html.
Vendor - supplied Packages Most Linux and Unix vendors supply their own Wireshark packages .
You can usually install or upgrade Wireshark using the package management system specific to that platform .
A list of third - party packages can be found on the download page on the Wireshark web site .
File Locations Wireshark and TShark look in several different locations for preference files , plugins , SNMP MIBS , and RADIUS dictionaries .
These locations vary from platform to platform .
You can use About -> Folders to find the default locations on your system .
Known Problems Wireshark may appear offscreen on multi-monitor Windows systems .
( Bug 553 ) Wireshark might make your system disassociate from a wireless network on OS X. ( Bug 1315 ) Dumpcap might not quit if Wireshark or TShark crashes .
( Bug 1419 ) The BER dissector might infinitely loop .
( Bug 1516 ) Capture filters are n't applied when capturing from named pipes .
( Bug 1814 ) Wireshark might freeze when reading from a pipe .
( Bug 2082 ) Filtering tshark captures with display filters ( - R ) no longer works .
( Bug 2234 ) The 64 - bit Windows installer does not ship with the same libraries as the 32 - bit installer .
( Bug 3610 ) Getting Help Community support is available on the wireshark - users mailing list .
Subscription information and archives for all of Wireshark 's mailing lists can be found on the web site .
Commercial support , training , and development services are available from CACE Technologies .
Frequently Asked Questions
A complete FAQ is available on the Wireshark web site .
Digests wireshark - 1.2.6.tar.bz2 : 15340008 bytes MD5 ( wireshark-1.2.6.tar.bz2)
=f3e0917ed393366bbf96c53b58cb0931 SHA1( wireshark-1.2.6.tar.bz2)=83bc67009ee1312b490a0632cb9b51e68a30fd78 RIPEMD160( wireshark-1.2.6.tar.bz2)=8ee66d910383b6f42713e5edecdef1210c7989e4 wireshark-1.2.6.tar.gz : 19381295 bytes MD5 ( wireshark-1.2.6.tar.gz) =7de7f59486c034b0cc30743494f14556 SHA1(wireshark-1.2.6.tar.gz)=62f5571e4786d3fa0cfc3d528f69a5c431e42d75 RIPEMD160( wireshark-1.2.6.tar.gz)=271a05afbf1701630a6070ecabeabcb842715b12 wireshark-win32-1.2.6.exe : 18457660 bytes MD5 ( wireshark-win32-1.2.6.exe ) =124c691da9b018eec213021eb5dceef3 SHA1 ( wireshark-win32-1.2.6.exe ) =d1f97d946dc4fac26c9630d454b7a28bc9c110d6 RIPEMD160( wireshark-win32-1.2.6.exe ) =d6df103279f6d09e2c3a9a407ee64fd6d422e0a8 wireshark-win64-1.2.6.exe : 20417670 bytes MD5 ( wireshark -win64-1.2.6.exe ) =4cab40ce812c8c42b53becd8da71efc3 SHA1( wireshark-win64-1.2.6.exe ) =4d7815866b179e2cfab6e7e3b84b98cab30be04c RIPEMD160(wireshark-win64-1.2.6.exe ) =3fd06e2d53f12795bb460c5748eb0dc6eb3b9ef4 wireshark-1.2.6.u3p : 21559853 bytes MD5 ( wireshark -1.2.6.u3p ) =2cde5fe0d5fb6ffe5ac3060b71dd1397 SHA1 ( wireshark-1.2.6.u3p) =1c730250d96abecf6f43c8c7fe796efb50b96d0c RIPEMD160( wireshark-1.2.6.u3p)=dfd33df69556a4e7cc47f238c5df056061a7c01e WiresharkPortable -1.2.6.paf.exe : 19170356 bytes MD5 ( WiresharkPortable-1.2.6.paf.exe ) =bb2bb40d4c246268ddb2ebfc1d36e0f9 SHA1 ( WiresharkPortable -1.2.6.paf.exe ) =397540baab8999d198e4ccc71567e736ebde1cfc RIPEMD160 ( WiresharkPortable -1.2.6.paf.exe )
=f6e36810d9e3b20ecef560413d866c3259fff86 c Wireshark 1.2.6 Intel.dmg : 42445738 bytes MD5 ( Wireshark 1.2.6 Intel.dmg ) =1df160615f5cfa3bc3d65 ff294b4eb65 SHA1 ( Wireshark 1.2.6 Intel.dmg)
=80ed8457695742241e84c283715342130a609510 RIPEMD160 ( Wireshark 1.2.6 Intel.dmg)
=1412d3083a36b1d21c1fac8c0af74929ce1bd42 b Wireshark 1.2.6 PPC.dmg : 44599706 bytes MD5 ( Wireshark 1.2.6 PPC.dmg ) =d268837a383424f1ec6df44ba6704532 SHA1 ( Wireshark 1.2.6 PPC.dmg ) =eb4b01fbf17410e37b6cb12af7b6a36bc30979fa RIPEMD160 ( Wireshark 1.2.6 PPC.dmg)=6c8c27cbca9c4da6633804493e27f4bddaeedbad patch-wireshark-1.2.5-to-1.2.6.diff.bz2 : 592144 bytes MD5 ( patch - wireshark-1.2.5-to-1.2.6.diff.bz2)=0eef824dbcf8a392b41b2d62ee7239f2 SHA1( patch-wireshark-1.2.5-to-1.2.6.diff.bz2)=d0bfacc84474490609e16b59c4bf0dfe1c7b257f RIPEMD160 ( patch-wireshark-1.2.5-to-1.2.6.diff.bz2)
=1f166279ab608ca3ad5adf4cb3a9c02de2a58c8a ----- BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE ----- Version : GnuPG v1.4.9 ( Darwin ) Comment : Using GnuPG with Mozilla - http://enigmail.mozdev.org/
iEYEARECAAYFAktg3EgACgkQpw8IXSHylJr7DQCfbwMOLc1x0LnPxAZG4RRqEt4T
/4gAnjdw6/STP2ri/2AceJ4S4Zzh4jtC
=DPkR -----END PGP SIGNATURE -----
The Housing Bust - The Final Chapter
I was in New York earlier in the week for the Value Investing Congress .
Among the more valuable presentations were those of Sean Dobson at Amherst Securities and Whitney Tilson and Glenn Tongue of T2 Partners .
They were valuable because they helped frame where we are in the mortgage crisis , which has been the main shark in the water over the past couple of years .
You should know where that shark is and whether or not it is hungry .
The chart below shows you the ferocious fish may still have an appetite .
It shows you that we are past the viscous subprime crisis , when that shark chewed through the balance sheets of a number of banks and financial institutions , in some cases devouring them whole .
However , it is not yet safe to get back in the water :
There are these other slices of mortgages that are not quite as risky as subprime that reset in the next couple of years .
Years 2010 and 2011 face big resets in so - called Alt - A and Option ARM loans .
What this means is more write - downs and more losses for banks and others who hold these mortgages .
Making all this worse is the fact that the housing has not yet recovered .
The T2 duo made the case that the current “ stabilization ” of the housing market is a head fake .
Mostly , it ’s due to huge government support of the housing market .
But there is still a large inventory of homes out there .
And with these resets coming due , we ’ve still got a large amount of foreclosures on the horizon .
All the while , the unemployment numbers are still poor .
The T2 duo calls the unemployment situation the “ most severe since the Great Depression . ”
The US economy has shed over 8 million jobs in this recession and unemployment – officially – is nearly 10 % .
Plus , it ’s not like the average US consumer is in a good position to sail through this crisis .
Household liabilities are still high , as this next chart shows :
US consumers need to save and rebuild their financial strength .
This is why the savings rate is on the rise .
This is why , for the first time since the 1950s , household credit debt declined .
As investors , it seems clear that any idea that depends on discretionary consumer spending – say , buying trendy new sweaters or watches or expensive shoes – faces some big head winds .
Better to the stick with the necessities , I say .
Also , it looks like the bounce in the stock prices of overleveraged banks and financial institutions is premature .
Most bank stocks should be sold , not bought .
The bounce in home building stocks looks ridiculous in light of what they have to look forward to .
The T2 duo actually recommended shorting the home building stocks through the iShares Dow Jones US Home Construction ETF ( ITB ) .
By shorting it , you make money when the stock prices of the home builders go down .
They made a compelling case , of which I will highlight a few things .
Exhibit A would be the fact that the average new home has been on the market for 12.9 months .
Exhibit B is that we have about 2 - 3 years of existing home sales just to absorb the vacancies that exist .
According to T2 , about 6 % of all homes built this decade are vacant .
Exhibit C is that the home builders themselves have too much debt and too much inventory relative to their thin equity cushions .
The home builders are in the position of trying to hold up a bowling ball with a sheet of paper … in the rain .
Lastly , the home builder stocks are almost universally expensive on a price - to - book basis , as this chart shows :
Stocks with lots of debt , too much inventory and an awful market do n’t deserve premiums over book value .
Discounts are more like it .
So there you go .
I like the idea of shorting the home builders .
At the very least , I would n’t buy one .
I ’d also stay away from banks and financial institutions that hold mortgage assets .
American real estate is not worth zero , as Dobson said , but it can be worth a lot less than today ’s price .
I recommend staying with the sorts of companies that own essential assets and / or sell essential items .
As I like to say , stick with what keeps civilization a going concern .
And avoid any stock that is dependent on regular access to the credit markets .
As we saw in 2008 , a mortgage crisis can shut down the credit markets .
We do n’t want to be held hostage by lenders in that situation , so stick with excellent financial conditions .
Regards ,
Chris Mayer ,
for The Daily Reckoning
Over at at the Internet Archive 's Timothy Leary collection , my pal Chris Arkenberg spotted this cyberpunk flashback : a promotional video featuring Leary , William Gibson , and others promoting a film adaptation of Neuromancer that , obviously , never happened .
The film was also teased on the box for the Neuromancer computer game released in 1988 , dating the above video to that same period .
Gibson : " To my mind at least , ( Neuromancer ) is really the world that we live in , just pushed a little bit . "
MIXA / Getty Images
Stress fractures are one of the more pernicious injuries in sports , afflicting the experienced and the aspiring , with no regard for competitive timing .
Last year , Tiger Woods managed to win the U.S.
Open despite suffering from stress fractures in his left leg ( as well as other leg and knee injuries ) , while the great British marathoner Paula Radcliffe struggled through the Beijing Olympics Marathon on a leg barely recovered from a stress fracture , one of several she ’s suffered .
The International Association of Athletics Federations , the world governing body for track and field , recently described stress fractures , with a kind of grim resignation , as “ the curse of athletes . ”
But studies published in this month ’s issue of the journal Medicine & Science in Sports & Exercise offer hope that , at least for runners , simple alterations in their stride or in the strength of their legs might reduce their risk for the most common type of stress fracture .
In one of the studies , undertaken at the University of Minnesota , researchers recruited 39 competitive women runners , ages 18 to 35 , and started measuring them .
In particular , the scientists wanted to examine the size and shape of their shinbones , or tibias .
About half of all stress fractures occur in the tibia , studies show .
When you run or jump , that bone is pulled and bent .
Sometimes , microscopic fissures form .
In most cases , these tiny cracks heal quickly .
But , sometimes , continued activity overwhelms the bone ’s capacity to recover .
The cracks grow and combine into a fracture .
The Minnesota researchers wanted to see whether the shinbones of the runners with a history of stress fractures were weaker than those without .
Earlier studies suggested that this would be the case .
But few studies have examined the size of the runners ’ calf muscles .
Bones tend to adapt to the muscles around them ; puny muscles can mean puny bones .
The Minnesota scientists , using a new machine that examines bone in three dimensions and measuring the runners ’ leg muscles , found that , surprisingly , the injured runners ’ bones were as strong , in relation to their muscle size as the bones in the uninjured runners .
But the injured runners had significantly smaller calf muscles and therefore also slighter bones .
The primary difference , the researchers concluded , between the women who suffered stress fractures and those who had n’t was the size ( and presumably strength ) of their calf muscles .
This finding should be encouraging to anyone who has had a tibial stress fracture or would prefer not to .
“ It does seem as if strengthening the calf muscles may be a very easy way ” to reduce fracture risk , says Moira Petit , an associate professor of kinesiology at the University of Minnesota and an author of the study .
In addition , she said , “ our data suggest that you do n’t have to strengthen the muscle by much . ”
A small increase of bulk , achievable by , for instance , rising up on to your toes and sinking back to the floor 10 or 12 times every day , might be enough .
Adding even a small amount of calf muscle “ serves two purposes , ” Ms. Petit says .
First , “ the strength of the bone will usually increase ” in response to the added muscle .
And , as a bonus , the new muscle “ can absorb more ” of the forces generated when you run .
So even as the tibia strengthens in response to the new muscle , it also is subjected to less shock .
“ Really , there ’s no downside to this , ” Ms. Petit says .
Her results , though , may apply primarily to women ; she ’s studying male runners , but so far , she says , is n’t seeing the same relationship between their calf - muscle size and bone strength .
The other study in the current Medicine & Science in Sports & Exercise , however , did focus on men and their stress fractures , although , in this case , the lead researcher suggests that the findings would be true in women as well .
In the work , from Iowa State University in Ames , computer modeling was used to predict what would happen to stress fracture risk if runners changed their strides .
The researchers attached reflective markers to the bodies of 10 former or current collegiate - level cross-country runners and had them run repeatedly down a runway nearly 30 meters long , making sure to step onto a force plate that measured how hard they were striking the ground .
During successive runs , the men were asked to shorten their natural strides , while maintaining their pace .
The scientists entered the data into computer programs that calculated just how much force was being applied to the shinbone under different striding conditions .
The researchers determined that reducing stride length by about 10 percent seemed to reduce the stress on the tibia enough to lower the risk of a stress fracture .
Why , though , should shortening your stride affect your tibia at all ?
“ Think of it this way , ” says Brent Edwards , lead author of the study and now a post - doctoral research fellow in the Department of Kinesiology and Nutrition at the University of Illinois , in Chicago .
“ If you spend less time in the flight phase of running ” — meaning in the air — “ you ’ll hit the ground with less force . ”
On the other hand , you ’ll hit the ground more often .
But in Mr. Edwards ’s models , the reduction in pounding from an abbreviated stride outweighed the shock from a few additional strides per mile .
Even for those of us without a biomechanical expert in the house , gauging a 10 percent reduction in stride is not difficult , Mr. Edwards says .
“ Ten percent is about as much as you can shorten your stride without it beginning to feel quite uncomfortable , ” he says .
And absolute precision is n’t necessary .
“ Seven or eight or nine percent is fine , ” he says .
Neither Ms. Petit nor Mr. Edwards suggests , of course , that any , single prevention approach will end all tibial stress fractures .
“ There are so many elements involved , ” Ms. Petit says .
Training , hormones , genetics , diet and shoe choice probably all play a role .
“ But if there ’s something easy and benign that you can do to lessen the risk , ” she asks , “ why not ? ”
Push , the vastly underrated film about people with special mind powers - and basically everything Heroes should be but is n't - is getting a TV series .
This could be the clever real - world superhero series we 've been asking for .
Advertisement
Summit announced that screenwriter David Hayter has signed up to pen the pilot .
E1 and Dark Hero Studios , co-owned by Hayter and producing partner Benedict Carver , will jointly produce the series based on the screenplay created by David Bourla for Summit Entertainment .
Hayter and Carver will be executive producers , along with E1's Noreen Halpern and John Morayniss ...
The television series will be an extension of the film , a science fiction thriller , centered on people with paranormal powers who band together to take down a corrupt government agency .
Advertisement
Granted , David Hayter is the voice of Snake in Metal Gear Solid and wrote the first two X - Men movies - but I was burned forever by his screenplay for Watchmen , with its neutered ending .
That said , the world - building in Push is absolutely worth exploring in an ongoing series .
Plus , the powers that the main characters have make them much more capable of having real relationships and real issues , as opposed to watching a shape shifter fight a guy with tattoo powers or whatever nonsense is happening on Heroes this week .
It 's a fresh start for superpowers , and we 're optimistic .
Here 's the trailer from the original film :
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
[ via Slashfilm ]
Currently , there 's no date for when the lab will attempt to implode actual fusion fuel , but it will probably take at least a couple of months .
In the meanwhile , to get an idea of the kinds of temperatures and energies the NIF scientists are dealing with , just take a look at that giant yellow thing in the sky .
" The home really does have a big area and it is close to the new Westfield Shopping Centre and only seven minutes walk from the tube , " he said .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The United States is doing little to defend the planet against potentially devastating asteroids and is not doing the basic searches that Congress has ordered , according to a report released on Friday .
An artist 's rendering of cosmic collisions .
REUTERS / Gemini Observatory / Jon Lomberg / Handout
While most of the really big and obvious threats are being found , almost nothing is being done to find the smaller objects that are arguably a more likely threat , the strongly worded report from the National Academy of Sciences said .
“ It means we are not looking for the small ones which can cause huge damage on earth , ” astronomer Mike A’Hearn of the University of Maryland , who helped chair the committee that wrote the report , said in a telephone interview .
“ Why has nothing been done ?
I do n’t know , ” added A’Hearn , who was principal investigator of NASA ’S 2005 Deep Impact mission to knock open the comet 9P / Tempel .
He said it was not clear whether the administration of President Barack Obama , who has declared his support for science but is struggling with an economic downturn and budget deficits , would work any harder to do more .
The United States spends about $ 4 million a year looking for near - Earth objects , or NEOs , that might come too close .
In 2005 , Congress ordered a broader survey to find 90 percent of near - Earth objects 140 meters ( 460 feet ) in diameter or greater .
Something this big could cause enormous regional damage .
But Congress has not funded this search and neither former President George W. Bush nor Obama have asked for it .
A’Hearn ’s committee made several recommendations .
“ They are all expensive compared to what we are spending now .
Compared to other things the country is spending money on they are n’t expensive , ” he said .
“ The minimal sensible program is probably two and a half times larger than the current program , ” he added .
To simply do what Congress asked in 2005 would likely cost $ 4 million , A’Hearn said .
DEFENSIVE MEASURES
And less than $ 1 million is being spent to study what could be done if it looked like something destructive was headed toward the Earth , the report found .
At the very least , civil defense measures should be planned , A’Hearn said .
“ For an object up to 50 to 75 meters ( 164 to 246 feet ) , civil defense is the right answer .
You simply evacuate the area where it going to hit , ” he said -- although he noted how difficult it is to evacuate areas where hurricanes are bearing down .
An object that size would create the equivalent of a nuclear explosion in the sky , blowing down trees , buildings and killing animals and people underneath it .
Larger , more dangerous comets or asteroids could be deflected or blown up , but it would take years of planning to do so .
And no one has systematically looked at the diplomacy and politics that would be involved .
“ It would n’t be a dramatic change in defense department budget to develop the capability to destroy near - Earth objects .
On the other hand , there may be other countries that might not trust us to do it right , ” A’Hearn said .
Or a program could be interpreted as a weapons program and a threat , so diplomacy would be needed to ensure international cooperation and acceptance , A’Hearn said .
A’Hearn said he was not sure if Obama ’s declared support of science would extend to this program , or whether new space agency administrator Charlie Bolden would fight for it .
“ The administration and the NASA administrator say nice words about science but it takes a while to implement things , ” he said .
Elvis Presley would have been 75 - years - old on January 8 and it ’s a tribute to his ongoing popularity that the anniversary has been so widely reported and celebrated in the media .
To mark this occasion , I ’m going to veer away from summarising the familiar rags to riches tale ( as this is well covered elsewhere ) , and instead discuss a factor that has been very important to his ongoing popularity , namely his great musical versatility .
Elvis is commonly known as the King of Rock ‘ N’ Roll , although this was n’t a title he was particularly fond of .
However , there was much more to Elvis Presley than a straight rock ‘ n ’ roll singer .
One of the reasons he continues to sell so many records is that he was such a versatile artist .
Elvis could convincingly perform rock ‘ n ’ roll , blues , country , gospel and pop music and seemed equally at home in all these genres .
As such , there is an Elvis song to cater for most tastes .
To illustrate this , I ’m going to highlight some of his best performances within these genres .
Elvis Presley in 1968
Elvis the Rocker
Some argue that Elvis ’ recording of “ That ’s Alright ” in July 1954 sparked the birth of rock ‘ n ’ roll .
That is a little too simplistic , but Elvis was certainly one of the founding fathers of rock ‘ n ’ roll and without doubt the most popular and influential early rock ‘ n ’ roll performer .
His early work with Sun Records in 1954 / 55 rightly receives great critical acclaim , but it ’s not at Sun that he rocks hardest .
Following his move to RCA in 1956 , Elvis beefed up his sound , adding more members to his band and generally looking for a more explosive approach .
The result was performances such as Hound Dog , which jump from the speakers as powerfully today as they did in 1956 .
Among the three songs from the 50s that best illustrate Elvis ’ prowess as a rock ‘ n ’ roller are “ Good Rockin ’ Tonight ” from the Sun Records days , and “ Jailhouse Rock ” and “ Big Hunk O’ Love ” which he recorded at RCA .
It was performances like these that led Bob Dylan to say “ Hearing him for the first time was like busting out of jail . ”
“ Good Rockin ’ Tonight ”
Recorded September 11 , 1954 at Sun Studio , Memphis , TN
“ Jailhouse Rock ”
Recorded April 20 , 1957 at Radio Recorders , West Hollywood , CA
“ Big Hunk O’ Love ”
Recorded June 10 , 1958 at RCA Studio B , Nashville , TN
In 1968 , eleven years after the excellent studio original , Elvis rocked the house with a powerful version of “ One Night ” during the recording of an informal section of the Elvis television special .
Any discussion of Elvis the Rocker would n’t be complete without a clip from this special .
“ One Night ”
Live recording from June 27 , 1968 at NBC Studio 4 , Burbank , CA
Elvis the gospel singer
Gospel music was perhaps Elvis ’ first love .
As a teenager , he would regularly attend gospel shows and had actually auditioned for gospel quartets before making his first record at Sun .
Elvis made his first gospel recordings for RCA in 1957 and these featured on the Peace in the Valley EP .
He had performed the title track in January on the Ed Sullivan show .
A stand out performance on this EP was “ Take My Hand Precious Lord . ”
“ Take My Hand Precious Lord ”
Recorded January 13 , 1957 at Radio Recorders , West Hollywood , CA
Elvis would return to gospel throughout his career .
One of his first steps after getting out of the army was to record a gospel LP entitled “ His Hand in Mine . ”
This was a triumph from beginning to end , with Elvis in superb voice .
“ Milky White Way ” was one of the great tracks on that LP .
“ Milky White Way ”
Recorded October 30 , 1960 at RCA Studio B , Nashville , TN
In 1965 , Elvis scored a worldwide hit , including number one in the UK , with “ Crying in the Chapel , which had been recorded five years before for the “ His Hand in Mine ” album , but was left off that release .
The success of “ Crying in the Chapel ” prompted Elvis to record the album “ How Great Thou Art ” in 1966 .
This was another critically and commercially successful venture and proved that Elvis always rose to the occasion with gospel material .
A live performance of the song “ How Great Thou Art ” from 1974 earned Elvis a Grammy and it was a showstopper until the end .
“ How Great Thou Art ”
Recorded May 25 , 1966 at RCA Studio B , Nashville , TN
Other gospel highlights in Elvis ’ career included the gospel medley in the 1968 television special , and the 1972 album “ He Touched Me ” , which was Elvis ’ third and final album devoted exclusively to gospel music .
Elvis the country singer
Elvis Presley was always a fan of country music and grew up listening to the Grand Ole Opry .
He performed songs written by country artists from the start of his career , but generally offered a unique interpretation that was n’t always favoured by purists .
“ Blue Moon of Kentucky ” may sound innocuous now , but it was a huge departure from the original bluegrass waltz performed and written by Bill Monroe .
Other tracks recorded for Sun , such as “ I ’m Left , Your Right , She ’s Gone ” and “ I Forgot to Remember to Forget , ” had a definite country flavour , with the added rockabilly fervour that made them new and exciting .
It ’s sometimes suggested , rather ignorantly , that Elvis ’ early work was merely watered down R&B .
In fact , Elvis ’
Sun recordings owed as much to country as any genre .
Despite recording country - inspired material all the way through his career , Elvis only recorded one country album .
This was “ Elvis Country – I ’m 10,000 Years Old ” in 1970 and is generally regarded as one of his finest and certainly most cohesive albums .
One track I particularly enjoy from this album is “ It ’s Your Baby , You Rock It . ”
“ It ’s Your Baby , You Rock It ”
Recorded June 5 , 1970 at RCA Studio B , Nashville , TN
Elvis had also put his unique spin on country standards such as “ I ’m Movin ’ On ” and “ Gentle on My Mind ” the previous year while recording in Memphis .
The imaginative reworking of “ Gentle on My Mind ” was particularly noteworthy and sounds as fresh today as when it was recorded .
“ Gentle on My Mind ”
Recorded January 15 , 1969 at American Sound Studios , Memphis , TN
Throughout the 1970s , Elvis continued to record popular country songs of the day and even used the old Hank Williams ’ classic “ I ’m So Lonesome I Could Cry ” during the Aloha from Hawaii worldwide satellite broadcast in 1973 .
Three memorable country performances from the 1970s were “ I Really Do n’t Want to Know ” from 1970 , “ Susan When She Tried ” from 1975 and “ She Thinks I Still Care ” from 1976 .
“ I Really Do n’t Want to Know ”
Recorded June 7 , 1970 at RCA Studio B , Nashville , TN
“ Susan when she tried ”
Recorded March 11 , 1975 at RCA Studio C , Hollywood , CA
“ She Thinks I Still Care ”
Recorded February 2 , 1976 at The Jungle Room Graceland , Memphis , TN
Elvis the blues man
Elvis and B.B. King , Dec 1956 Elvis Presley lived in the home of the blues , Memphis TN , and was clearly influenced greatly by the music that surrounded him .
His first single was a reworking of Arthur Crudup ’s “ That ’s Alright ” and some of his most inspired moments in the studio throughout his career where when he cut loose and jammed on blues - based material .
In 1960 , Elvis could seemingly do no wrong in the studio .
He had emerged from the army as a more polished and confident vocalist , although it ’s often argued that he had lost some of the rawness and fire that made him explode onto the scene with such force several years earlier .
One thing that cannot be disputed is the great versatility he showed in his first recording sessions in this year .
One of Elvis ’ finest blues recordings , “ Reconsider Baby , ” was recorded the same night as one of his sweetest pop ballads , “ Are You Lonesome Tonight ? ” .
The classic , pseudo - operatic “ It ’s Now or Never ” and the pop favourite “ Girl of My Best Friend ” had been recorded the day before .
Not a bad 24 hours by anyone ’s standards !
“ Reconsider Baby ”
Recorded April 4 , 1960 at RCA Studio B , Nashville , TN
Although the reliance on 60s soundtrack material meant Elvis ’ blues output was disappointingly restricted in this period , his work with the great Jerry Reed in 1967 did produce a superb cover of Jimmy Reed ’s “ Big Boss Man . ”
Elvis would return to this song during the 1968 television special and sporadically in live performances throughout the 1970s , but the arrangement and musicianship would never match the studio version .
“ Big Boss Man ”
Recorded September 10 , 1967 at RCA Studio B , Nashville , TN
Elvis also jammed several times on Jimmy Reed ’s “ Baby What You Want Me to Do ” during the informal segment of the ’ 68 special .
The recordings Elvis made at the American Sound Studios in Memphis in 1969 would include several blues - inspired tracks .
“ Stranger in My Own Home Town ” is the track that would most definitely fall into the R&B category and is a fine example of Elvis ’ natural feel for this genre .
“ Stranger in My Own Home Town ”
Recorded February 17 , 1969 at American Sound Studios , Memphis , TN
The best blues track Elvis recorded in the 1970s was “ Merry Christmas Baby ” in 1971 , which was the finest recording on an album that failed to match the vitality of his original 1950s Christmas album .
Summing up
Most Elvis compilation albums will focus mainly on the hit records , which is to be expected as they are aimed primarily at those who will want Elvis ’ most famous recordings in their collection .
The hope is that those who obtain the greatest hits will then be prompted to explore the catalogue .
An excellent new four - disc set , “ Elvis 75 : Good Rockin ’ Tonight , ” does present a more substantive overview of Elvis ’ career , including a number of the tracks I have highlighted above .
It offers nothing new for the diehard fans and collectors , but is a good introduction for those wanting to go beyond the familiar number one hits .
Just go and make some coffee when “ Adam and Evil ” comes on !
The importance of Elvis Presley and his music to 20th century popular culture was enormous .
Though John Lennon was exaggerating to make a point when he said “ Before Elvis , there was nothing , ” there was no other artist for whom he could have made such a claim .
The quality of Elvis ’ best work is sometimes overshadowed by the inane stories of his personal life and ridiculous myths that have built up around him , but ultimately it ’s the music that Elvis will be remembered for .
Leonard Bernstein said it well :
“ Elvis is the greatest cultural force in the twentieth century .
He introduced the beat to everything , music , language , clothes , it ’s a whole new social revolution – the 60’s comes from it . ”
Happy Birthday Elvis .
Recommended Elvis Presley releases :
You ca n’t go wrong with any of these fine releases .
Professor Cornel West of Princeton University has a message for the US president as he completes his first year in the White House .
Two brothers , arrested at Fresno City College on September 25 , 2009 , are still in the Fresno County Jail for an incident involving a skateboard .
Demone Moultrie will soon be transferred to Chino State Prison .
His brother Greg is in solitary confinement .
Skateboarding is Not a CrimeBy Mike RhodesDoes your right to carry a skateboard vanish into thin air when you step onto the Fresno City College campus ?
Ask Greg and Demone Moultrie , who are still sitting in the Fresno County Jail , what they think .
According to witnesses , Greg Moultrie was walking on campus with his skateboard in his hands on September 25 , 2009 when he was stopped by a campus police officer .
The officer ordered Moultrie to hand over his skateboard .
When he did not want to comply with what he felt was an unreasonable request , the incident escalated and Demone Moultrie , Greg ’s brother , got involved .
As officers scuffled with the Moultries , a student at the Native American Intertribal Student Association table got on the group ’s PA system and encouraged students to use their cell phones to film the incident .
In video on the Internet < http://abclocal.go.com/kfsn/story?section=news/local&id=7033613
> , you can see the chaotic scene , including one of the officers hitting Demone with his baton .
Greg was sprayed with mace .
Greg is now — more than three months after this incident — still sitting in the Fresno County Jail .
He has just been given a 3 year sentence for charges filed against him in the skateboarding incident .
When I went to visit Demone on December 22 , Greg was in The Hole - solitary confinement .
Demone is also still in jail and is scheduled to be sent to Chino State Prison on January 21 , all because of this skateboarding incident .
How could something as simple as walking across the FCC campus with a skateboard end up with two young men in jail for a prolonged period of time ?
In an attempt to find out the answer to this question , I talked to students at FCC and contacted the Public Information Office .
I received a response from Joseph Callahan , Chief of Police with the State Center Community College District who defended their “ skateboarding is a crime ” policy by stating that “ once skateboards get away from their owner , they are little more than missiles capable of great harm .
” Just before school let out for winter break , I talked to JP , who was sitting on a bench next to the fountain where the incident had occurred .
He had his skateboard with him .
I asked if he had ever had any trouble with the police , and he told me about two incidents when he had his skateboard confiscated .
“ They took my skateboard when I was on the sidewalk on the McKinley side of the campus , and I had to pay $ 16 to get it back .
” Callahan says that if the fine is not paid within twenty - one days it doubles .
He went on to say that “ skateboards that are not claimed will be held for ninety days .
After ninety days a letter will be mailed to the owner advising them that if they do not come in and pick up their property within thirty days , it will be transferred to the Director of Maintenance and Operations for auction . ”
That might explain why the police have a more than causal interest in confiscating skateboards , whether or not students are in violation of any rules .
Rigo Garcia is a member of the Sustainable Action Club at FCC .
He said that “ after the skateboarding incident in September , we tried to hold a forum on campus to discuss the incident . ”
Even though the club is a campus group , the school administration refused to allow them to use a building for the forum , in part because “ they said we are an environmental group and that this issue did n’t have anything to do with the environment . ”
Garcia said that Sustainable Action is a social and economic justice group and that they should be able to discuss issues of concern on the campus .
He feels the refusal by the FCC administration to allow them to use a room to discuss this issue was a violation of their free speech rights .
The FCC administration , immediately following the September 25 incident , banned campus groups from setting up tables near the fountain .
Garcia said they claimed that it was a “ security concern ” because emergency vehicles would have a hard time getting on campus with student tables in the fountain area , but it is commonly understood at FCC that the ban was in response to the student group that got on the PA system , announced that the police were attacking students and asked if someone could turn on their cell phone and video the incident .
The December 2 FCC Rampage ( the student newspaper ) had an in - depth story connecting the ban on tables at the fountain and the skateboarding incident .
“ FCC has a new video surveillance system with a camera focused on the fountain , but they are telling us that somehow that camera was not working on September 25 , ” Garcia said .
The missing video could have shown what happened before the police confronted , hit and arrested Greg and Demone Moultrie .
Instead , what you have is missing video that would have given insight into the incident and the FCC administration retaliating against student groups because they encouraged fellow students to document the incident .
In addition , they tried to prevent students from discussing the incident by refusing to allow Sustainable Action to hold a forum on the incident .
What is it about academic freedom that the FCC administration does n’t understand ?
Garcia has a theory about why the FCC police behave the way they do .
He says that when officers in the notoriously aggressive Fresno Police Department get into trouble , they end up with the FCC campus police .
That could explain the culture at the FCC campus police , but it does not explain why the FCC administration allows these violations of basic constitutional rights to continue .
If these violations continue , it is only a matter of time before an organization such as the American Civil Liberties Union becomes involved and files a lawsuit , resulting in a huge settlement or judgment against the college .
MARTINEZ —
A math teacher and girls basketball coach at Heritage High School in Brentwood pleaded not guilty Wednesday to charges that he solicited a female student for sex .
Darin Duane Price , 38 , of Brentwood , was charged Tuesday with two felonies — contacting a minor to commit a sexual offense and arranging a meeting with a minor to commit a sexual offense — and one misdemeanor count of annoying or molesting a child .
“ He is an exemplary teacher and coach , father and husband , and the allegations appear to be out of character , ” defense attorney Elizabeth Grossman said Wednesday at Price ’s arraignment .
Police arrested Price on Friday after a senior in one of his math classes reported that he solicited her for sex .
He remained in custody Wednesday at County Jail in Martinez on $ 100,000 bail .
Prosecutor Jon Yamaguchi said the student was taking a makeup exam on Jan. 21 when Price placed a $ 100 bill on a desk and asked her to disrobe in exchange for the money .
When she refused , he laid down a second $ 100 bill .
When the incident was reported to police the next day , investigators sent Price a text message from the victim ’s cell phone and arranged a meeting for sex , Yamaguchi said .
He said Price arrived at the meeting location in Brentwood with alcohol , condoms and two $ 100 bills .
On Tuesday , the Heritage High varsity girls basketball team played at Pittsburg High , its first game without Price .
“ I ’m impressed at how they have come together in supporting each other , ” Heritage interim coach Orland Caban said about his squad before the game .
“ From parents on down , we realize there ’s nothing we can do ( about the situation ) . ”
Caban , an off - campus coach who has been an assistant with the program for three years , said he was asked Saturday by Heritage athletic director Pat Cruickshank if he would be available to coach the team .
Caban said he did not learn specifics about the situation until he saw news reports Tuesday .
“ I came to get these girls on the bus ( Tuesday ) , and not anyone talked about it “… not a word .
They all talked about ( Tuesday ’s ) game , ” said Caban , whose daughter Kiana is a senior on the squad .
“ The girls were spoken to by administration ( Monday ) and told there ’s nothing we can do about it .
We can only hope for the best for the coach . ”
Caban led practice Monday before Tuesday ’s game , which Heritage won 48 - 42 in overtime .
After the game , he said team members had no comment on the situation .
Ten players suited up for the varsity squad .
“ They focused on the game , played hard and pulled out a victory , ” said Heritage Assistant Principal Dan Hanel , who attended the game .
Reach Malaika Fraley at mfraley@bayareanewsgroup.com .
Ransom Demand for German Hostages Yemen Kidnappers Want Release of Terror Suspects and $ 2 Million
The German government has been presented with a new challenge in Yemen .
Kidnappers holding a German family are allegedly demanding $ 2 million in ransom and the release of several suspected Islamist terrorists being held by the Yemeni government .
The demands are being met with skepticism .
TESTIMONIAL DISCLOSURE : Testimonials appearing on www.IndicatorWarehouse.com may not be representative of the experience of other clients or customers and is not a guarantee of future performance or success .
LIVE TRADE ROOM DISCLOSURE :
All presentations , videos , and information are for educational purposes only and the opinions expressed are those of the presenter only .
All trades presented should be considered hypothetical and should not be expected to be replicated in a live trading account .
Commodity Futures Trading Commission Futures and Options trading has substantial potential rewards , but also significant potential risk .
You must be aware of the risks and be willing to accept them to invest in the futures and options markets .
Do n’t trade with money you ca n’t afford to lose .
This website is neither a solicitation nor an offer to Buy / Sell futures or options .
No representation is being made that any account will or is likely to achieve profits or losses similar to those discussed on this website .
The past performance of any trading system or methodology is not necessarily indicative of future results .
CFTC RULE 4.41 – HYPOTHETICAL OR SIMULATED PERFORMANCE RESULTS HAVE CERTAIN LIMITATIONS .
UNLIKE AN ACTUAL PERFORMANCE RECORD , SIMULATED RESULTS DO NOT REPRESENT ACTUAL TRADING .
ALSO , SINCE THE TRADES HAVE NOT BEEN EXECUTED , THE RESULTS MAY HAVE UNDER -OR - OVER COMPENSATED FOR THE IMPACT , IF ANY , OF CERTAIN MARKET FACTORS , SUCH AS LACK OF LIQUIDITY .
SIMULATED TRADING PROGRAMS , IN GENERAL , ARE ALSO SUBJECT TO THE FACT THAT THEY ARE DESIGNED WITH THE BENEFIT OF HINDSIGHT .
NO REPRESENTATION IS BEING MADE THAT ANY ACCOUNT WILL OR IS LIKELY TO ACHIEVE PROFIT OR LOSSES SIMILAR TO THOSE SHOWN .
Use of any of this information is entirely at your own risk , for which Indicator Warehouse will not be liable .
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy , timeliness , performance , completeness or suitability of the information and content found or offered in the material for any particular purpose .
You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law .
All information exists for nothing other than entertainment and general educational purposes .
We are not registered trading advisors .
Lost Time ∞
You ca n’t begin to tell the story behind your most meaningful image without putting your innermost feelings on display for the world to see .
Even as I write , I have not yet decided if anyone will ever see this .
Grief is a lonely emotion .
After my mother lost her battle with cancer at 42 years of age , my father seemed to find some measure of comfort in alcohol .
He did his best to keep life moving forward for his children , but as his oldest son , I had more weight on my shoulders than I could handle .
Or maybe I never dealt with my own loss .
Either way , things turned nasty one night and I hurt him both physically and mentally .
Eight years went by before we saw each other again .
We ’ve never discussed that night , and I do n’t think we ever will , but we ’ve been able to rebuild our relationship even so .
My little boy arrived in March this year and whenever my father is back in Ireland we use his grandchild as an excuse to get together .
My dad was taken into the hospital yesterday , and I thought of my regret for the night we fought , the eight lost years , and all the things that have gone unsaid .
This may not be my best photograph ( and I pray it is not the last I take of Dad ) , but I am extremely grateful that I had the opportunity to take it .
This image was taken with a Canon EOS 40D .
A God Who Hates : The Courageous Woman Who Inflamed the Muslim World Speaks Out Against the Evils of Islam , by Wafa Sultan ( St. Martin’s , 256 pp. , $ 24.99 )
Cruel and Usual Punishment : The Terrifying Global Implications of Islamic Law , by Nonie Darwish ( Thomas Nelson , 288 pp. , $ 24.99 )
As American citizens and officials engage in a muddled public debate about how to deal with indicted Fort Hood murderer Malik Hasan and his ilk , they would do well to consult these two books , which examine the Islamic system in practice .
A God Who Hates explores the nature of Islam , viewed through Wafa Sultan ’s personal experiences growing up in Syria , working there as a doctor , and then immigrating to the United States , where she became a psychiatrist .
Cruel and Usual Punishment , published early last year , is the second book by Nonie Darwish , the daughter of an Egyptian officer killed by the Israelis in the 1950s .
Her first , Now They Call Me Infidel , offered extensive autobiographical detail ; the more recent book is an in - depth probe of what she sees as key problematic aspects of Islam .
Both Sultan and Darwish document how traditional Islamic law , or sharia , underpins Islamic life .
Darwish argues that under Islam ’s golden period of conquest and imperial rule , sharia ’s most important aspect was “ total control of the large and diverse Muslim empire — everyone ’s behavior , loyalty , mind and even soul . ”
The system was all - encompassing and punishments were strict , but the caliphs , or rulers , were exempt from penalty for theft , adultery , killing , or drinking ; in addition , they alone could have an unlimited number of wives .
Their subjects were not allowed to revolt against them unless the caliphs acted in an “ un - Islamic ” way .
Indeed , the fate of the learned imams who had written the sharia law demonstrated the extent of the caliphs ’ immunity : they all wound up imprisoned , punished , exiled , or poisoned .
This system , Darwish writes , continues today in the tyrannical — and broadly accepted — behavior of most Muslim rulers .
And the behavior cascades downward through Islamic society : those in positions of authority , whether in business or government , often act in repressive ways toward subordinates or the public at large .
For many Islamic men , the home is the only place where they can assert their authority ; yet even there , Darwish suggests , that authority is less than it seems .
She analyzes the corrosive impact of polygamy , practiced or merely hypothetical , on all family members .
She also notes its contribution to societal tension : since women do not greatly outnumber men , richer , older men acquire numerous wives at the expense of poorer young men .
Caught between exclusion from a normal family life and brutal behavior in the public sphere , the best outlet for many young men is jihad :
“ The bottled - up sexual rage of the Muslim male , ” Darwish argues , “ must explode in the faces of the foreign infidel . ”
Jihad is thus essential for the maintenance of sharia law .
For her part , Sultan emphasizes the fear inherent in Islam , where the Koran ’s 99 attributes of God include “ The Harmer , ” “ The Compeller , ” “ The Imperious , ” “ The Humiliator , ” and “ The Bringer of Death . ”
She traces this to the dangerous environment of the Arabian desert , in which life was fragile and unpredictable , heightening people ’s fear of the unknown .
She also emphasizes the traditional Bedouin practice of raiding ; Bedouins feared raids , yet relied on them for their own survival .
Muslims today , too , are governed by the philosophy of raiding , she suggests .
She describes an incident soon after she arrived in the United States , in which an Arab neighbor took her to the supermarket :
We went into a Vons market and , once there , she began to open every packet she could , then she began to make holes in the lids of cartons of milk , Jell - O , and cream .
Then she made holes in a number of bags of potato chips , packets of paper handkerchiefs , and packets of spaghetti .
I shouted at her disapprovingly : “ Dina , what are you doing ? ”
“ May God curse them .
They stole our land ! ”
“ And are you doing this to try to get it back ? ”
“ I ’m trying to hurt them !
You ’re still new here .
Do n’t you know the owner ’s Jewish ? ”
This hatred of Jews is not peripheral or dependent on Israel or Israeli behavior .
Rather , it is deeply rooted in Islam , which divides the world into two parts , Muslim and non-Muslim .
As Sultan recalls from her own childhood : “ Jew must be one of the words Muslim children hear most frequently before the age of ten .
It is also one of the hardest words they hear , as in their imagination it conjures up visions of killing , depravity , lies , and corruption .
When one person wishes to express his disdain for another , he will call him a Jew . ”
With some humor , Sultan describes how , early on , she bolted out of a shoe shop in Hollywood , one foot bare , upon discovering that the shop assistant was an Israeli Jew .
” We imbibed with our mother ’s milk hatred for the Jews , ” she writes , “ and for anyone who supported their cause .
We justified this hatred by devising a conspiracy theory , and we called anyone who disagreed with us a Zionist agent .
This conspiracy theory helped keep Muslims inside the straitjacket in which Islam had imprisoned their minds . ”
Darwish agrees .
She quotes the Koranic verse , “ O ye who believe !
Take not the Jews and Christians for your friends and protectors :
They are but friends and protectors to each other .
And he amongst you that turns to them ( for friendship ) is of them . ”
She thinks Westerners who dismiss the influence of such passages on Islamic attitudes are deluding themselves : “ Do n’t even think for a second that the above verse does not cause a major divide between Muslims and non-Muslims .
Those apologists who claim it has little effect on Muslim society are in denial and are unable to see Muslim society objectively . ”
These various elements of control , fear , and separation dominate the role of women , particularly , in traditional Islam .
Sultan recounts horrifying tales of rape , incest , and abuse that she uncovered while working as a doctor in Syria .
Most searing are those of women convinced that , as they have been told all their lives , they are dirt .
Such conviction , Sultan points out , comes straight out of Koranic verses and prophetic traditions , which stress that women are defective .
Darwish lays out the options available to Muslim women .
They can reject sharia , whether secretly or openly ; they can join in , becoming militant supporters of it ; or they can live in denial .
She herself spent many years in the third category , as she describes : “ Women who follow the maze Islam has created for them will not be noticed and will be safe .
On the other hand , if anyone deviates and is noticed , she will get no mercy from anyone .
Other women in society — mothers , aunts , sisters , cousins — were among those who reinforced such attitudes . ”
Most Muslim women succumb to what Darwish terms a “ worldwide Stockholm syndrome , ” championing sharia for their own survival .
If the fundamental elements of traditional Islam are inimical to Western values of equality , freedom , and tolerance , what can be done to protect these values from Muslim immigrants who seek , like Malik Hasan , to destroy them ?
For Sultan and Darwish , the basic problem is not the Hasans of this world , but the ideology that motivates them — an ideology fundamental to “ traditional ” or “ moderate ” Islam as much as to its “ radical ” variant , they believe .
Darwish cites repeated examples of Islam ’s reliance on vigilantism : Muslims who kill unbelievers , infidels , or non-Muslims are regularly absolved of their crimes , and the use of civilian enforcers is a constant feature of Islam .
She argues that Muslim immigrants to the West need to understand that attacks on freedom of religion will not be tolerated , and that their goal should be assimilation into democratic society .
She would have sharia declared an illegal , dangerous totalitarian ideology , in much the same way that the United States did decades ago with Communism .
These steps would not stop the entry of Muslims intent on subverting the Western system , but they would put them on notice .
Sultan , a Muslim who has become an atheist , states the problem even more baldly :
No one can be a true Muslim and a true American simultaneously .
Islam is both a religion and a state , and to be a true Muslim you must believe in Islam as both religion and state .
A true Muslim does not acknowledge the U.S. Constitution , and his willingness to live under that constitution is , as far as he is concerned , nothing more than an unavoidable step on the way to the constitution ’s replacement by Islamic Sharia law .
These two books will no doubt prove highly unpalatable , if not unacceptable , for many Americans .
Nevertheless , they should demand serious attention .
Both authors are intelligent , courageous observers who know what they ’re talking about , and who speak out at their own personal risk .
The United States is , and will remain , a welcoming land for immigrants , and any Muslim like Wafa Sultan or Nonie Darwish who wishes to live here and share our values should be made welcome .
Those who seek to bring down our system , however , should not .
The hard part , of course , is figuring out how to distinguish between the two categories .
But we wo n’t be able to solve that problem until we address it honestly .
RELATED INFO
FROM THE ARCHIVES :
Note :
The video above is a condensed version of nearly 19 - minute video submitted to The Republican .
For a look at the entire , unedited video , click here .
Updated Thursday at 11 p.m. with more details
SPRINGFIELD - The Police Department is conducting a criminal investigation into the actions of four officers during a traffic stop in which 28 - year - old black city man was beaten by a white officer with a flashlight , The Republican has learned .
The incident was caught on video by an anonymous bystander , and the officer shown swinging the flashlight is identified in the arrest report as patrolman Jeffrey M. Asher .
Asher , appointed to the force in 1993 , attracted national attention in 1997 when another video surfaced showing him kicking a black suspect who had already been subdued by other officers .
Cleared of criminal wrongdoing in that case , Asher was suspended for a year without pay although the suspension was later reduced to six months .
The video of the Nov. 27 arrest of Melvin Jones III , of 55 Middlesex St. , who was charged with drug possession and resisting arrest , was obtained by The Republican .
It has been in the hands of law enforcement and city officials for several weeks .
It shows Jones being hit at least 15 times by one officer swinging a metal flashlight while two others wrestle with him on the hood of a police car .
In the police report of the incident , one of the officers states the struggle ensued when Jones became violent and grabbed one of the officer 's gun and began to pull it .
Roughly just before the 2 - minute mark of the video , one officer can be heard shouting what sounds like a racial epithet as he commands Jones to put his hands behind his head .
One of the witnesses standing near the camera can be heard repeating the same phrase and asks if anyone else heard it .
Afterward , Jones is shown lying motionless on the ground , and the camera operator can be heard exclaiming " He 's dead ! "
Jones suffered fractures to the bones in his face that needed reconstructive surgery , according to his father , Melvin Jones Jr. , who supplied the copy of the video to The Republican .
His son also sustained a broken finger that required two pins and is now partially blind in one eye .
View full size
" They beat him like a wild animal , " the elder Jones said .
Melvin Jones Jr. said he was shocked and angry when he first saw the video and has only grown more angry since receiving it .
" I counted 17 or 18 times they clubbed him with that flashlight , " Melvin Jones Jr. said .
" Those officers have no regard for human life . "
Other officers named in the arrest report are patrolmen Michael J. Sedergren and Theodore Truoiolo .
They were under the command of Lt. John M. Bobianski .
The four were working an extra duty detail of " hot spots " in the area of nearby Hancock and Orange streets .
The detail was funded with money awarded the city under the Sen. Charles Shannon Jr. Community Safety Initiative grant program , a state program .
Police Commissioner William J. Fitchet has ordered Capt . Charles Arpin to perform " a full criminal investigation , " according to Sgt. John M. Delaney , aide to the commissioner .
Delaney said the department 's Internal Affairs Unit is also conducting a separate investigation to determine if there was any misconduct from any of the officers involved .
Police received a copy of the video and are reviewing it , according to Delaney .
He said Fitchet ordered the criminal and internal investigations before the department received the video .
The department has consulted with the Hampden District Attorney 's Office about the investigation , and has also notified the office of Mayor Domenic J. Sarno , Delaney said .
District Attorney William M. Bennett on Thursday afternoon issued a statement saying , " I am aware of the internal police investigation regarding the arrest of Melvin Jones III .
I will be reviewing all relevant information regarding the arrest and the internal investigation . "
Sarno , reached Thursday night , said he has been in contact with Bennett and Fitchet about the matter .
He said he has seen the tape and repeatedly called it " disturbing . "
He pledged there would be a very thorough investigation .
" We need to get to the bottom of this and any information of what went on , " Sarno said , expressing concern for potential fallout and adding that city is not looking to sweep anything under the rug .
" People know my reputation on public safety , and the know my reputation on race relations , " he said .
POLICE REPORT
PDF :
Narrative for Officer Michael J. Sedergren
Jones , who , according to the police report was employed as a deli clerk at a supermarket in Holyoke , has pleaded innocent in District Court to charges resulting from his arrest .
They include three felony counts of possession for marijuana , crack cocaine and Percocet , resisting arrest and malicious damage to a motor vehicle , a police car .
The police report states that the officers recovered 38 " rocks " of crack cocaine , 38 Percocet tablets and eight bags of marijuana .
He is due back in court on Feb. 3 , according to his public defender Jarod Olanoff .
Olanoff declined comment about the video or any aspects of the case .
He said Jones would also not speak while his court case is pending .
Melvin Jones Jr. said his son has been arrested previously .
The police report mentions he had recently been released from prison after serving 18 months for cocaine possession .
He said if his son was carrying drugs on Nov. 27 , he should be punished in court .
" I 'm not trying to sugar coat anything for my son , " the elder Jones said , " but no human being should be treated like that . "
View full size
According to the arrest report filed by Sedergren , Jones was a passenger in a car driven by Malika Barnett , 30 , of Springfield .
The car was pulled over because it was dragging its muffler on the road , according to the report , and Barnett was found to be driving with a suspended license .
She was not arrested , but she was told to find a licensed driver to take her car home .
While officers talked to Barnett , they noticed Jones acting unusually beside her in the front seat and asked him to step out of the car .
He was described as sliding forward and putting something in his pants .
As Truoiolo attempted to pat him down to look for weapons , Jones bolted down Rifle Street , according to the report .
The report says Truoiolo and Sedergren caught up to him and began wrestling to control him .
Sedergren writes that during the struggle Jones grabbed his gun and began to pull at it .
He states that he yelled for officers to strike Jones “ in order to disorientate him .
Officer Asher struck Jones several times in the chest , shoulders and face with the flashlight . ”
The report narrative said Jones then “ struck violently toward Asher , ” striking the car ’s side mirror to break it .
The report continues that Jones at this point appeared reaching toward his waistband , and fearing he was reaching for a weapon , Sedergren again yelled for officers to strike him again .
“ Officer Asher struck Jones several more times in the front of his body , causing him to become disorientated , ” the report states .
The report state ’s that Asher ’s jacket was ripped , but does not indicate any injuries to the officers .
Jones ’ father said the account of his son ’s arrest does not match what is depicted in the video .
“ The way they wrote the report is not the way the video describes it , and it ’s not the way that it was told to be by various people that were witnesses , ” he said .
He said he does not see his son reaching for a weapon or even fighting back .
The woman who filmed the video and whose voice is heard throughout the taping is unknown .
Melvin Jones Jr. said he received a copy in the mail two to three weeks after his son was arrested .
The letter had no return address .
The woman filming it is heard to exclaim at one point that the scene before her is “ Rodney King 2010 . ”
King was the black Los Angeles motorist whose beating at the hands of white police officers in 1991 was captured on video .
This is not Asher ’s first brush with allegations of brutality .
Asher ’s most recent encounter with conflict came in late 2004 when he was among a group of white officers accused of beating a black school principal in his car at a South End gasoline station .
While the officers were cleared in February 2005 by the Police Commission in a 3 - 2 vote of any wrongdoing , the city subsequently paid a $ 180,000 settlement in the case involving Douglas G. Greer , then principal at the New Leadership Charter School .
Greer said the officers broke the windows on his car as he suffered a diabetic attack , dragged him from the vehicle and then beat him .
Asher wrote in a report to the then police chief , Paula C. Meara , that police only tried to restrain Greer as he thrashed and screamed before being taken to the hospital .
Portions of the report released to The Republican showed conflicting accounts from witnesses and statements from others about Greer ’s history of violent diabetic seizures .
Six months later , in August 2005 , Asher was transferred from uniform patrol duty on the 4 p.m. to midnight shift to inside duty in the Records Division , where he has served ever since .
That transfer was among 17 made at the time by then acting commissioner Fitchet who did it under a new policy which , he said , sought to match an officer ’s experience and interest to a position .
Asher first gained notoriety in 1997 when he was caught on videotape , kicking Roy Parker , a black man who was already cuffed and held down by other officers .
It was an incident which aggravated race relations in the city .
Asher was later cleared of any criminal wrongdoing by a judge who said he had used reasonable force in making the arrest .
He was , however , suspended for one year and ordered to undergo sensitivity training by the Police Commission .
A labor arbitrator later reduced Asher ’s suspension from 12 to six months and awarded him about $ 20,000 in back pay after concluding the Police Commission had punished the officer too harshly .
Asher maintained he kicked Parker , a self - confessed heroin addict with 170 arrests , after Parker slashed him in the neck with a sharp - edged object and resisted arrest .
Asher ’s troubles with the department date back to as early as 1994 , the year after he graduated as president of his police academy class .
The city , in 2000 , paid $ 75,000 to settle a brutality complaint against Asher and another officer , Daniel Brunton , for a 1994 incident .
The settlement was made in a case involving a Springfield man , Michael J. Cuzzone , who reported being beaten unconscious by Asher on May 26 , 1994 , after Cuzzone ’s friend had a dispute with Asher ’s father , Michael Asher , a bartender at Donnie ’s Cafe on Chestnut Street .
Cuzzone , who filed suit a few months after the 1997 incident involving Parker , claimed he ’d been beaten in an apartment above the bar .
The city made no admission of wrongdoing in paying the settlement , and neither Asher nor Brunton was disciplined in connection with that incident .
Asher , a Marine Corps veteran of the Persian Gulf War , has not been without commendation and exemplary service .
In June 1996 he rescued a child left behind in a building evacuated for a natural gas leak , for which he won a statewide bravery award from the Italian - American Police Officers Association .
In January 2001 , he was among a group of officers involved in subduing a suspect who was shot by another officer in an incident on Main Street which the man threatened patrolmen with a knife .
Asher and two other officers were treated at Baystate Medical Center after being kicked or kneed by the suspect , police said .
In that incident , a subsequent meeting with members of the Hispanic community - the suspect was a Latino man - found the public was satisfied police acted properly to subdue a dangerous suspect , whose young daughter phoned for help .
More than 3,800 free images from old rare antique and vintage books .
High - resolution images for sale .
Site by Liam Quin .
Follow on Facebook .
Recently added images
Most popular images
122 page images including cover and title page ; I have started to transcribe names that appear in the text .
FromOldBooksdotOrg is grateful for sponsorshpip from Dotcom - Monitor , Load View Testing , Web Hosting Buddy , Instructify , Driven Coffee , and Security Guard Training Central .
If you would like to help the site with a subsccrition , you can be added to this list by emailing slave at fromoldbooks dot org .
Some crises hit unexpectedly — for instance , hurricane Katrina or the Indian Ocean tsunami .
The energy crisis is something very different : a slow - motion problem unfolding in fits and starts right before our eyes , often in foreseeable ways .
We know that the population of the world ( and of the United States ) will grow , and that people will expect an ever - rising standard of living .
We know that fossil fuel resources are finite .
We also know that our current methods of energy generation have significant environmental drawbacks .
In short , we have the luxury of preparing for the future now .
With that in mind , DISCOVER teamed up with the National Science Foundation to set up a series of briefings on Capitol Hill in Washington , D.C. Eight leading thinkers offered visions of how to make our energy supply cleaner , more efficient , and more abundant .
Here we feature highlights from their presentations .
None of these proposals require magical breakthroughs .
All they require is action .
Lowell Ungar , senior policy analyst , Alliance to Save Energy
- Bright Idea :
Treat efficiency like a fuel and make it the cornerstone of energy policy .
Energy efficiency is the first fuel and must be at the core of our nation ’s energy policy .
Energy efficiency is not a sideshow .
It is the main show , and we ’ve only begun to tap it .
To achieve it , there are dozens of things you can do , many of them strictly personal and cost - effective as well .
You have to know which kind of lightbulb to get .
Can you install a ground source heat pump ?
What about tightening the walls of your home to reduce air leakage , thereby saving on heating and cooling your home ?
Your landlord may be choosing what equipment to put in , but since he might not pay the energy bill , he might not care how efficient it is .
You can also try to influence legislation to enact energy - efficiency policies .
One such policy is the carbon cap .
Current proposals are to set a limit on carbon dioxide and other greenhouse - gas emissions by issuing permits that limit those emissions to entities like power and industrial plants .
These plants would be allowed to trade permits among themselves in a system known as cap - and - trade .
By one independent estimate , a carbon cap bill would take energy demand — predicted to go up 15 percent over the next 40 years — and essentially hold it flat .
Another policy would address building - energy codes .
Buildings account for about two - fifths of the energy we use and are responsible for about two - fifths of the carbon emitted in this country .
Right now building codes tend to say OK , can we get 1 percent , can we get 2 percent savings maybe ?
No , we need 30 percent savings .
That ’s a starting point .
Then 50 percent savings , then more moving forward from that point .
Another important policy involves efficiency labels .
If you go buy a dishwasher , you walk into the store and they ’re required to post labels on every dishwasher they sell , telling you how much energy it is likely to use and how much that energy is going to cost you .
Then you can make a choice as to whether you want to pay a little bit more for a better dishwasher because you ’re going to get that money back in your utility bills .
If you want to buy an efficient house , good luck .
Maybe 10 percent of the new homes in this country are labeled Energy Star for their efficiency .
The foreclosure problem in this country stems not just from mortgages but also from utility bills .
There ’s good evidence that utility costs are the second - leading cause of foreclosure , but if you want to reduce those bills , you wo n’t often find easy explanations telling you how .
Ralph Masiello , innovation director , KEMA
- Bright Idea :
Store renewable energy so we can use it when we need it .
Renewable energy sources like wind and solar need storage .
It ’s kind of funny ; with all other commodities and manufactured products for the past 40 years , we ’ve been on a kick to reduce inventory , but electricity has always been a zero - inventory product , until now .
Our inability to store electricity meant that every time somebody in the house turned the light on or off , ultimately the source of electricity — the generation plant — had to wiggle up or down .
But we ’re at a cusp where we can start putting storage on the grid .
This means that we can handle the fluctuations , the imbalance between demand and supply , with huge benefits .
Right now the price of energy ranges from negative $ 20 to $ 500 per megawatt hour , and that changes every five minutes .
Think about that volatility .
The stock market does n’t move that fast .
And what ’s this about negative prices ?
When the generators are producing too much , the markets have to pay somebody to take the extra energy .
So the ability to store it will help smooth the tremendous volatility we ’ve got in prices today .
We ’re not going to be able to store power in batteries for the 9 billion people who will be around in 50 years .
We are going to have to figure this out as a fuel problem .
The smart grid can help .
Number one , front and center , we can use the grid to decouple the renewable power production from when we want energy .
The sun shines only during the day , so it ’s not going to help cool your house at night .
And wind , in many parts of the country , is a lot stronger at night than it is in the daytime .
We ’re already in a situation in Texas where wind farms have to shut off in the middle of the night because they ca n’t get the electricity to the station .
There ’s not enough demand where the wind farms are , and the transmission pipes are n’t big enough , because there ’s nowhere else to put it .
Storage will level the load .
To facilitate storage , the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission and the states will have to work through the policy issues .
In essence , we now have a Chinese wall between two classes of assets :
If it is a transmission asset , then the utility owns it and it is regulated by the government .
But if it is a generation asset , it is owned by a merchant or investor who has assumed risk to produce energy — and it is deregulated .
Storage would bridge the barrier .
You put the energy into storage when it is cheap , and you take it out when it is valuable .
But new regulations would need to address who owns the energy and how the revenue is generated , among other things .
George Huber , chemical engineer , University of Massachusetts at Amherst
- Bright Idea : Produce ethanol or other renewable fuels from biomass that we do not use for food .
The amount of biomass available from corn and food crops is very small ; for biofuels to have a large impact , we must harness energy from nonedible plants , also known as cellulosic biomass — wood and wood waste , agricultural waste , and energy crops .
You want to convert it as cheaply as possible and make the highest - value products .
Here ’s how :
First you break that solid biomass down into liquid or gaseous products .
Then you add catalysts to convert these broken - down products into a range of compounds .
From such biomass , you can make all the same fuels that we make from petroleum today : gasoline , diesel , jet .
In the future , when people go to the gas station , they wo n’t even know that they ’re putting a biofuel into their car .
This is a very near - term solution that we are going to see happening in the next 5 to 15 years .
My opinion is that we ’ll first see cellulosic biofuels being done with forestry products because you can buy forestry products on the market today .
We know how to harvest them .
And then in the future , once we ’ve demonstrated the technology , we ’ll move on to other crops as well .
Cellulosic biomass has a huge potential to make liquid transportation fuels .
It does not compete directly with food crops , and it is the only renewable source of carbon that we have .
One technology we ’re studying , called catalytic fast pyrolysis , produces gasoline - range compounds from biomass in a single step .
We can take sawdust .
We can also take agricultural waste .
We can also take energy crops , and we can make gasoline .
And we do this in one single reactor .
We ’re using very inexpensive catalysts to make a liquid product that already fits into existing infrastructure .
There is no new need for flex - fuel vehicles .
There is no need for new pipelines .
We are also making jet fuel from cellulosic biomass .
The military is entirely dependent on petroleum - derived jet fuel to meet its transportation needs .
So from a national security point of view , they ’d like to look at alternatives .
Vivian Loftness , architect , Carnegie Mellon - Bright Idea :
Use natural light , better airflow , and smart design to make buildings more efficient .
Buildings are perhaps the most significant player in carbon production .
How can we make them more efficient ?
We need to embrace nature .
The House buildings and Senate buildings in Washington , D.C. , are designed around nature .
They ’re designed around daylight in the working spaces .
They ’re designed around natural ventilation .
They predate electrical energy .
They were and could continue to be amazing work environments .
Daylight can displace between 30 and 60 percent of all lighting energy in this country .
The key is turning that light switch off and making sure that window is designed to distribute the light in that space .
There ’s a stretch because some of our buildings are too deep ; we ’ve also started to move our workforce into basements , which should be illegal .
If you use daylight as your dominant source of lighting , work environments are so much more beautiful .
We should also be using natural ventilation , even through the cool seasons .
In fact , we used to do that routinely .
Every college campus that is more than 50 or 60 years old used to rely on natural ventilation as its only breathing - air system .
In lecture halls and classrooms , we basically managed to educate intelligent people without having to have central air - conditioning and forced ventilation .
Obviously you ’re not going to open the window wide when it ’s 10 degrees outside , but you can certainly use natural , free air to provide your breathing - air needs .
Passive solar energy can provide between 20 and 40 percent of our heating loads , and beyond that , we should shade America .
In Sacramento the utility companies will plant a tree for you .
You can pick out trees from a picture book , and the utilities will come and plant them in your garden .
It actually reduces the peak and running electrical loads on the grid .
We have to insulate and tighten to reduce both heating and cooling loads .
We should be using every watt of energy three times .
We are pouring about 70 percent of our total electricity up the chimney , and that 70 percent is free heat .
Actually , you could use that energy four times if you really got it right .
We also have to get America walking again .
This is a building issue because it ’s about where we ’re putting our new buildings .
We are increasing the mileage we drive every year to get to the same types of places ; it ’s time for us to infill over sprawl .
Daniel Nocera , chemist , MIT
- Bright Idea : Split water to generate hydrogen energy — but do it the cheap way .
Nature is the best solar fuel energy storage machine known , so let ’s figure out how it works .
Light comes in four photons , and then it hits the leaf , and it splits water into oxygen and hydrogen .
A leaf makes twice as much hydrogen as it does oxygen , and then it stores the result as a solid fuel .
So you ’ve stored the sunlight in a fuel , and the energy is in the chemical bonds .
Then you eat that fuel , and you get all the sunlight back out in a time - released way .
So you are literally chewing the sun .
Our lab at MIT invented a process that splits water and performs photosynthesis cheaply , outside of the leaf .
Lately we ’ve found out we can use the Charles River as a water source .
We can use waste streams as water sources .
We can use the ocean as a water source .
So you can generate hydrogen through artificial photosynthesis whenever you need it .
I ’m very interested in the nonlegacy world , especially Africa and India .
Giving a little kid in Africa 500 watts of energy will change his life .
And that ’s not much energy .
Al Gore has been walking around saying : “ Just use the technologies .
They ’re on the shelf .
Take them off . ”
But he ’s gone a bit over the deep end .
Yes , we do have the technologies .
I have photovoltaics .
I can store hydrogen in a fuel cell and get all the energy out .
I can build any number of systems for you right now , but guess what ?
They ’re too expensive .
The reason you need scientists like me to discover my little cobalt phosphate catalyst — the material that can drive photosynthesis outside the leaf and in the lab — is because I ’m going to do it cheaply .
To take care of the average house in a day , you need 20 kilowatt - hours of electricity , which is equivalent to only 5.5 liters of water .
To drive that point home , I ’m holding the amount of water in my hands that you need to power a very big house on the California coast .
That amount of water takes care of that house as well as powering a fuel cell car around town .
So that ’s the future .
There ’s no way to stop it .
Nature already did this 2 - billion - year experiment and decided on this process , and it ’s coming soon .
Brooke Coleman , executive director , New Fuels Alliance
- Bright Idea :
Let biofuels compete freely with petroleum on the open market .
Sometimes people compare using advanced biofuels to the Internet boom .
But no one had control of the Internet market before the Internet existed .
The oil companies do have control of the liquid fuels market , however — so at the end of the day , what the biofuel folks are looking to do is to take market share away from probably the most powerful industry in America , and arguably in the world .
It ’s not an easy thing to do , and it ’s policy driven .
So what do you need to do to solve the problem ?
You have to cut the knot by allowing these fuels to compete in the marketplace on a level playing field .
Get flex - fuel vehicles on the roads that can run on any combination of biofuels .
In the United States , people pretend it ’s really difficult .
It ’s not .
It ’s less expensive than putting a seat belt in a car , certainly less expensive than air bags , definitely less expensive than stereos and a leather interior .
Companies have to attract investment , build plants , and produce gallons ahead of the market , in time for these mandates to kick in .
Anybody who has lived in this country for the last 18 months knows that when petroleum prices go up and down , you have a variety of indirect carbon effects in the market .
If we place controls on carbon in the future , we will have to score each fuel based on specific variables and assumptions that might make or break entire industries .
We need to let renewable fuels out of the box so they can compete on a level carbon playing field .
If you ’re going to carbon - score them and compare them on a relative basis , treat petroleum and biofuels alike .
AGENTS OF CHANGE
All of the ideas outlined above require rethinking how we generate energy , how we store it , and how we use it .
These two transformative technologies could help bring about such radical reforms .
THE TRANSFORMER S. Massoud Amin , electrical and computer engineer , University of Minnesota
THE CONCEPT
Self - healing grid
In essence , this involves giving the grid an immune system .
A self - healing grid is designed so that any problematic elements are quickly isolated and restored to normal operation with little or no human intervention .
Such a grid might include a network linked to multiple energy sources , with sensors throughout to identify malfunctions and communicate them to nearby devices that would automatically take corrective steps .
A perfect self - healing grid would eliminate inefficiencies and run forever without a glitch .
THE TRANSFORMER James D. McCalley , electrical and computer engineer , Iowa State University
THE CONCEPT
Energy systems analysis Advanced computer models could be used to plan the mix of technologies , the means of distribution , and the environmental impact of our energy supply 40 years out .
In that spirit , McCalley is planning for 2050 right now :
He is researching optimal energy flow patterns , identifying infrastructure enhancements to realize that optimal performance , and forecasting the influence of the market on energy supply and demand .
The energy sources parsed in his equations include solar , clean fossil fuel , geothermal , nuclear , and wind .
Right now , we are in the middle of the biggest population boom Australia has ever seen .
The numbers are staggering .
Australia will house 35 million people by 2050 .
Our population is racing ahead at a faster rate than the US , Britain , and even many developing countries .
Currently , about 443,000 people are added to our population every year .
The figure used to be just 220,000 .
Never before in Australia have we added this many people , with immigration rates and the Generation X driven baby boom responsible for the unprecedented growth .
In the next 40 years , Brisbane and Perth will double in size .
Sydney and Melbourne will become sprawling mega-cities of 7 million people each .
But can we , as a nation , handle this exponential growth ?
Prime Minister Kevin Rudd says he is in favour of a " bigger " Australia .
But right now , Australians are car - dependent , huge energy consumers , and addicted to city living .
We are a nation of two - car commuting families , big backyards and unsustainable energy use .
The forward - thinking brains in our community say we just cannot keep living like this .
Professor Mike Young from the School of Earth and Environmental Sciences at the University of Adelaide predicts our ' water - affluent ' lifestyle will simply have to go .
" The backyard will be a thing of the past , " he said .
" Water - or lack of it - is going to determine the fate of some of our cities . "
With regards to Australia 's power use , Tony Vassallo from the Institute of Sustainable Solutions says 10 kilograms of coal are burnt for every household in Australia , every day .
" It 's time that we start to change now how we use electricity " , he said .
" And we 're going to do it much more intelligently in the next few years " .
Some families are already smarter about their power use - like the McQuires in Brunswick West , Melbourne , who are selling their excess solar - generated electricity back into the grid , netting them $ 1,000 a year .
But it is not just power , water and environmental sustainability that will come under huge pressure as we add another 13 million Australians to our already over - stretched roads , hospitals , and schools .
The ability to access work and services needs careful examination .
What do we want our nation to look like in 2050 ?
And what do we need to change to get there ?
Leave a comment and have your say below .
- A week - long series on our ever - growing Australian population : problems , potential solutions , and the need for change , begins tonight on the 7:30 Report .
Rep. Henry Waxman trekked from Capitol Hill to Federal Trade Commission headquarters today to deliver a message to journalists and news consumers :
All of you need to reach a consensus about working with the government in order to bail out the struggling news industry .
The California Democrat , who chairs the powerful House Energy and Commerce Committee , did n’t say it quite so bluntly , but his point was clear .
“ Government ’s going to have to be involved , in one way or the other , ” to save journalism from an ongoing “ market failure ” that will only worsen without intervention , Waxman said .
He spoke at the second day of an FTC workshop on how journalism can survive in the Internet era .
Waxman bemoaned the demise of newspapers across the country , including in Denver and Seattle , and warned that the troubling media trends will continue .
“ This recent depression in the media sector is not cyclical , ” Waxman said .
“ It is structural . ”
“ Congress ca n’t impose a solution ” to that structural problem , he said .
But the government should partner with the media industry to ensure a sound future for journalism .
Waxman praised the record of “ independent ” reporting in U.S. history and said it has implications for democracy .
“ There needs to be a consensus within the media industry and the larger community it serves ” before the government acts , Waxman said .
“ We have to figure out together how to preserve that kind of reporting . ”
The morning session also featured media policy activists , public broadcasters and proponents of nonprofit journalism making the case for government funding of the media .
“ Congress should adopt legislation that would provide substantial additional resources ” to fund public - service media , said Mark MacCarthy , a communications professor in the culture and technology program at Georgetown University .
He said Waxman “ gave us the path to legislative success in that area . ”
Several speakers likened government intervention in the media market to past instances of federal funding for publicly valuable services , such as public safety , education and libraries .
“ As a civil society , we do n’t trust the open market or the free market ” to provide such valuable services , said Jon McTaggart , the senior vice president and chief operating officer of American Media Group , and neither should the media be allowed to suffer because of market forces .
MacCarthy also said government involvement in the arts , sciences and other fields is “ traditional , mainstream and all - American . …
This is not some weird , strange aberration and alien intrusion into our life .
This is the way we do things in this country . ”
Members of the audience raised concerns about how journalists could serve as independent and reliable government watchdogs if the government funds their work , but the panelists dismissed those concerns .
Vivian Schiller , the president and CEO of National Public Radio , cited her own organization ’s history of criticizing the government even though it is federally subsidized .
“ No news organization worth its salt is going to accept money with conditions attached , ” she said . “…
If anything the opposite problem is true : ‘ Oh , they ’re funding us .
Let ’s look more deeply into them . ' ”
Josh Silver , the executive director of Free Press , acknowledged that there are liabilities to government - subsidized journalism but said the country has no choice but to move in that direction in order to halt “ significant erosion of the Fourth Estate . ”
Eric Newton , vice president of the journalism program at the Knight Foundation , called the idea that government has never been involved in media a “ mythology .
“ It ’s a bogus argument that just keeps us from doing the right thing , ” he said .
Newton said the key is to maintain a “ firewall ” between that involvement and the production of content , just like the longstanding wall between advertising and editorial in commercial media .
The tone of today ’s discussion stood in marked contrast to Tuesday ’s speeches and panel discussions at the workshop .
News Corp. Chairman Rupert Murdoch and other speakers said the government should stay out of the news business despite the industry ’s ongoing woes .
“ The prospect of the U.S. government getting involved in American journalism ought to be chilling for anyone interested in public speech , ” Murdoch said .
Instead , he urged the government to be less involved by abandoning the cross - ownership rule that prevents one company from owning newspapers and broadcast outlets within the same markets .
Jeff Jarvis , an analyst of emerging media who is no fan of Murdoch , agreed that government intervention is a bad idea .
He admonished the FTC to stay off the media lawn or risk quashing the new media sprouts of grass that are growing on it .
UPDATE : Mark Tapscott , the editorial - page editor at the Washington Examiner , is outraged that many of his journalistic colleagues are determined to chase a “ pot of government gold . ”
“ Firewalls can work in private businesses when management insists that they be respected , ” Tapscott wrote , “ but it ’s different when government is involved because nobody can say no to power - happy federal bureaucrats armed with regulatory authority or litigious Justice Department attorneys packing subpoenas and make it stick . “
Do n't know what to cook for dinner ?
The Random Recipe Generator at jamesoff.net probably wo n't help you , unless you want to make Grapes Stew , Zingy Water And Strawberries Soup , Raisins With Raisins Crust ( made of just raisins and port ) , Toffee Salad , Water Tart ( featuring chicken and coffee ) , and endless other questionable choices .
I quite like this one :
Butter And Butter Pudding
Serves 5
You will need :
60g cous cous
130 ml lemonade
40g butter
Instructions :
pre -heat the oven to 230 C grill the cous cous heat the cous cous in the saucepan sauté the cous cous fry the lemonade toast the butter bake for 60 minutes and serve hot
[ via Metafilter ]
All products linked here have been independently selected by our editors .
We may earn a commission on purchases , as described in our affiliate policy .
Posted November 15 , 2009 by brachinus in Uncategorized .
Tagged : atheism , etiquette , funny , song , Sunday sermon , video , YouTube .
4 Comments
Inspired by Adam Sandler ’s wonderful song(s ) about famous people who are Jewish , and by a couple lists of atheists who are famous , I thought I ’d borrow Sandler ’s melody and write an alternate version for atheists .
I do n’t have an introduction like Sandler does ( we atheists do n’t even get “ 8 crazy nights ” ) , but I think it ’s not too bad for roughly half an afternoon ’s work ( UPDATE : I ’ve added an intro and changed one of the couplets ) .
Note :
When the second word in a line has the first letter bolded , that means it ’s supposed to be on the downbeat , with the other word coming before it ( i.e. a pickup note ) .
The Holiday Song ( for atheists )
Hanukkah and Christmas , they both have lots of gifts
Ramadan has fasting , so it ’s slimming for your hips
Pagans honor Solstice , with the sun ’s emerging phase ,
But having no gods does n’t mean you ca n’t have holidays …
Lance Armstrong does n’t pray to Jesus ,
He ’s atheist like Sheryl Crow , his ex-main squeeze , is ,
Lots of authors do n’t believe in the Virgin Mary ,
Studs Terkel , Salman Rushdie , Florence King and Dave Barry ,
Are there any deities ?
Musicians answer no ,
Bob Geldof , Billy Joel and Barry Manilow ,
Is there a hell ?
Some may answer yes , but ,
If hell has open fires , they ’ll be roasting Vic Chesnutt ,
If you ’re an atheist , no need to feel odd ,
Lots of famous people do n’t believe in any gods ,
Put on your scarlet “ A ” to celebrate the holiday
There ’s no hell to pay , so celebrate the holiday
God ’s dead , and it ’s OK , to celebrate the holiday
Allah is MIA , so celebrate the holiday
We know ’bout DNA , how everybody ’s got some ,
Thanks to non-believers Francis Crick and James Watson ,
Penn & Teller , Mitchell & Webb , and yes , Fry and Laurie ,
Even Brad and Angelina think the Bible ’s just a story ,
We ’ve got lots of actors on the atheist roster ,
Jack Nicholson , John Malkovich , Diane Keaton and Jodie Foster ,
Guess who wo n’t be singing “ Gloria in Excelsis , ”
Kevin Bacon ’s an atheist — so everybody else is !
Do n’t feel out of place this holiday season ,
Lots of famous people worship nothing — but reason ,
Put on your scarlet “ A ” to celebrate the holiday
There ’s no hell to pay , so celebrate the holiday
God ’s dead , and it ’s OK , to celebrate the holiday
Allah is MIA , so celebrate the holiday
( Oops , turns out it ’s already been done — this version by Don Davis of SatiricalPolitical.com ranges from really clever to kind of awkward , IMO )
A pair of gatecrashers managed to get into Barack Obama 's first state dinner
An internal US Secret Service document shows that there have been 91 instances of security breaches since 1980 , most of them involving the president .
The breaches include a family driving a vehicle on to the White House grounds and a man being allowed access after being mistaken for a delivery driver .
The report comes only two weeks after a couple gatecrashed a state dinner hosted by President Barack Obama .
The 2003 document was obtained by the Washington Post newspaper .
The Washington Post said the report had been used for training officers in the Secret Service , the branch in charge of the president 's security .
' Concerned and embarrassed '
A spokesman for the Secret Service , Ed Donovan , said that there had been 10 security lapses since 2001 , including the incident in November 2009 involving Tareq and Michaele Salahi .
The well - dressed couple gained access to a state dinner given in honour of Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh .
They mingled with the guests and even had their picture taken with Mr Obama .
Secret Service director Mark Sullivan accepted responsibility for the breach , saying it made him " deeply concerned and embarrassed " .
Among the more serious security breaches listed in the Secret Service document is a 1994 incident in which a man fired 29 rifle rounds at the White House from outside the perimeter fence before being apprehended .
It also cites an incident in the same year in which a pilot was killed when his small plane crashed in the White House grounds .
In another startling breach of security dating from 1982 , a family of four neared the Oval Office in their vehicle .
All they had done to gain access to the White House grounds was honk their horn .
Secret Service spokesman Edwin Donovan said the document " reflects a proactive attempt to evaluate our security and obviously raise awareness of uniformed division officers and agents about their job " .
He also pointed out that despite the publicity surrounding the recent gatecrashing incident , the service 's officers had successfully protected 34 top US figures and 222 international dignitaries attending the UN general assembly .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
I ran across this story on Thursday and thought it was interesting enough to pass along .
Put yourself in Jeremy Bell ’s shoes .
You ’re a creative director at Teehan + Lax , a Downtown Toronto design firm and a lifelong LEGO fan .
You ’re having a quiet Tuesday afternoon at the office .
Hey , you just got a custom BrickGun model kit of a semi-auto handgun in the mail .
Why not build it at your desk ?
( I for one totally understand , I just did the same thing last week with the Space Police Smash ‘ n’ Grab . )
After you ’re done , you show the model to a co-worker , he breaks it , you put it back in its box , then unwind with some co-workers by playing video games .
Photo above courtesy of National Post and Global TV
The problem is , handguns are illegal in Canada , and gun play at work is generally associated with disgruntled employee rampages , rather than good LEGO design .
So that afternoon , a person with a condo overlooking Jeremy ’s window office saw him assembling the model , thought it was a real handgun and called the police .
( He has since apologize via Twitter , Facebook and a handmade sign put up in his window . )
About an hour after putting away the model gun , the gaming was interrupted by yelling in the hallway .
Jeremy peeked into the hall and saw members of the Toronto Police Emergency Task Force with real big guns pointed at him .
He cooperated , got ‘ cuffed , told them to check out the LEGO gun in his office , and he was uncuffed in about 90 seconds .
Done , right ?
It became a slightly bigger deal because people in and immediately around the building were detained , had big guns pointed at them , the street was closed off by half a dozen police cars , a couple ambulances waited nearby , and a helicopter hovered overhead .
For details on the basic facts of the story , the best details and perspective are in Jeremy ’s blog , but also check out some of the local Toronto online news outlets like GlobalToronto and Torontoist , where I first ran across the story .
Jeremy is now obviously being pestered by media all across Canada , and even by US LEGO nerds like me .
He was gracious enough to answer a few questions :
The Brothers Brick :
How do you feel about all this attention over a bizarre misunderstanding ?
Jeremy Bell : I could do without the attention , but I do find the whole situation hilarious .
Do n’t get me wrong , guns in the workplace are n’t cool , and I ’m aware that people have been killed over similar misunderstandings — luckily this event did n’t turnout the same .
TBB : What form has your LEGO fandom taken ?
Collector , builder , sets , your own creations , just looking ?
JB : I ’ve been a fan of Lego since I was a little kid , but it ’s not something I spend a lot of time playing with now .
That said , I ’ll usually assemble actual kits and then combine the pieces with the rest of my collection and build my own creations .
TBB : Was the ordering of the custom gun kit a bit of lark ?
How did you find out about the kit ?
Was it any good ?
JB : I discovered the BrickGun kit on a design blog ( if I recall correctly ) , so ya… it was a bit of a lark .
The kit had about 250 pieces in it , plus some elastic bands .
Was it any good ?
Well , I got arrested … that ’s gotta count for something I guess .
TBB : According to the other news stories , you ’re the Creative Director at a design company ?
How has this affected your professional relationships , since this went down at work ?
JB : Excellent question about the work side of things … no one has asked that yet .
At the moment , all of our clients seem to think it ’s pretty humours ( although we have n’t heard from all of them yet ) .
We ’ll see how this shakes out next week .
TBB : How about your family ?
JB : My family ’s always known I was a Lego fan , so they were n’t surprised to see what I built .
That said , my wife was n’t so thrilled when she found out .
Thanks , Jeremy !
From looking at BrickGun ’s website , they ’re a little overwhelmed by the media driven orders because of this story , so if this gets you all excited to order something from them , good luck trying to get it in time for the holidays .
T- ALL is a form of childhood leukaemia
Scientists believe they have made an important breakthrough in attempts to treat a form of childhood leukaemia .
In mice tests , Australian researchers found that a cell , which plays a key role in T - cell acute lymphoblastic leukaemia , survives radiotherapy .
The Melbourne University team believes targeting this cell may help to stop this disease returning , but they warned much more research was needed .
UK experts said the findings may eventually lead to better care .
T - cell acute lymphoblastic leukaemia is a rare form of leukaemia which is most common in older children and adolescents , although adults can also be affected .
About a fifth of children suffer relapses after radiation therapy .
In the tests , the team found that 99 % of cells in the thymus , a small organ in the upper chest which helps protect people from infections and as a result plays a key role in leukaemia , were killed by radiation .
Resistance
But the Lmo2 gene was able to recover because of its stem - cell like properties , suggesting it could be responsible for the disease , the Science journal reported .
Lead researcher Dr Matthew McCormack said : " The cellular origins of this leukaemia are not well understood .
" Our discovery that these cells are similar to normal stem cells explains why they are capable of surviving for long periods .
" It also explains why they are remarkably resistant to treatment . "
The team is now planning to focus on novel treatment capable of killing these cells , but warns it is still many years away from clinical trials .
Ken Campbell , of Leukaemia Research , said : " This is an interesting piece of research that increases our understanding of this small sub -set of childhood leukaemia patients .
" However , while the research could reduce relapse rates in the future for this group , it is likely that current treatment regimes will continue to be used . "
Congratulations , you made a 3D scan from only three images !
So where do we go from here ?
To keep track of where I take this technique next , watch my Vimeo .
Here are some things I 've been looking into .
Feel free to leave any ideas or questions in the comments section !
3D Motion
This only gives us one scan .
To capture motion with this technique requires a few more tricks .
The first one is synchronizing a camera and projector so we can capture at a high rate .
Commercial structured light systems use hardware and special electronics to do this .
A DIY approach might use the vertical sync signal from a camera to drive a microcontroller that generates the three phase patterns for a projector .
Without real sync , we can get pretty far with a 60 fps camera like the PS3 Eye and a 60 Hz projector .
Exporting the Data
Exporting the 3D data for use with other applications is obviously important if you want to do something with the data .
Maybe fabricating a miniature , or using the mesh for a character in a video game .
A more complex application simply called decode.zip is available from the structured - light project .
It can handle exporting into various 3D formats like .png depth maps , .ply and .obj triangle meshes and point clouds .
It will also allow you to capture motion as described above .
As this application develops , I 'll write another Instructable describing how to capture 3D video .
More Accurate Unwrapping
Phase unwrapping , mentioned in Step 2 , is a big part of phase - shift scanning .
There is n't a single " right " answer to an unwrapping problem given the wrapped phase .
However , the flood fill technique is clearly not ideal as it can create regions with large phase discontinuities along straight lines .
Better phase unwrapping algorithms could avoid these obvious errors .
Automatic Calibration
We should be able to automatically approximate zskew , zscale and the noise threshold parameters by taking some test scans of reference subjects .
Absolute Position
Three phase scanning can only recover relative position by propagating phases during the unwrapping stage .
In order to take absolute measurements of every position in a scene , we can use cosine patterns with many different frequencies , or use a technique called Gray code scanning .
Gray codes assign a unique code to each stripe by using 10 patterns instead of 3 .
Invisible Capture for Performance
Unless you like the aesthetic of flashing scrolling lines , structured light is n't the best way to capture 3D information on a stage in front of an audience .
One solution to this involves modifying a projector to remove the infrared - cut filter and replace it with a visible light - cut filter .
Then , with an IR camera , you can see the projected patterns without disturbing the scene in the visible spectrum .
I do n't want my IR handset to act like a keyboard
Op 10-01-10 19:04 , Tony Houghton schreef : >
I 've got a DVB card with an IR controller which appears as an input > device .
I want my applications to read the input device directly , not as > a keyboard .
Among other reasons , it 's because I want to use the " OK " > button while mplayer is running , but it generates an " Enter " keypress > which mplayer interprets as " please quit " .
>
Interestingly , someone has been complaining of exactly the opposite : http://www.kernellabs.com/blog/?p=1309
Maybe in your case , what you need is just a special keymap for the remote control , and make sure that applications listen to it only via X .
See you , Eric
Opening in Ukranian Village some time in 2010 will be Lockdown Bar & Grill ( 1024 N Western Ave ) , a concert bar with a barbed wire aesthetic and a punningly badass menu .
We ’re happy to try to figure out the thought process that went into naming an appetizer of sausage , peppers , and fried eggplant “ Tasers & Pepper Spray , ” or quesadillas “ El Paso Prison , ” but what ’s really got us literally laughing out loud is the felony - themed burger list : the Cruelty to Animals is a beef patty topped with pancetta and turkey bacon , the Malicious Destruction of Property comes with extra meat , extra peppers , extra cheese , and extra napkins , and the turkey burger is , of course , False Impersonation .
Read on for the full exercise in creativity .
Starters
Tasers & Pepper Spary $ 8.95
( Sausage peppers fried eggplant )
Goat Thief $ 9.95
( Fried goat cheese in marinara sauce )
Bone Collecter $ 8.95
( Chicken Wings )
Cult and Paste $ 8.95
( Hummos and Baba Plate w goat cheese )
Pirating $ 8.95
( Lake perch w white wine butter sauce )
Five Finger Discount $ 8.95
( Five Spice ribs )
Barb ‘d wire $ 8.95
( Chilli cheese barb b q pork fries )
El Paso Prison $ 8.95
( Quesadillas )
Jersey Shore $ 8.95
( Fried mozzarella w zucchini )
Copyright Infringement $ 8.95
( Barbecue pork imperial rolls )
Entrees
Marinated filet and Chicken $ 8.95
With couscous , hummus , and baba
Baked rigatoni $ 8.95
In bolognaise with sausage and mozzarella
Baked Mac and Cheese $ 8.50
Salads
Chop Salad $ 9.95
iceberg , romaine lettuce , corn scallions , fresh mozzarella , red onion , tomato , with prosciutto sweet creamy Italian dressing
Southwest Chicken Salad $ 9.95
mix greens , romaine lettuce , corn black , beans , white cheddar cheese , with honey - citrus vinaigrette
Asian Salmon Salad $ 9.95
tossed greens with apples , tomatoes , with wasabi vinaigrette and soy glazed salmon
Greek Salad $ 9.95
iceberg romaine , lettuce , cucumbers , olives , feta cheese with creamy Greek dressing
Burgers
Our famous Certified Angus Beef® burgers are grilled to order and served on a house - baked bun with your choice of sides
Intimidation Burger $ 10.95
A colossal 3/ 4 lb burger with massive onion rings , it ’s 8 ” tall !
Cruelty to Animals $ 9.95
Topped with pancetta and turkey bacon
Driving while Intoxicated $ 8.95
Tequila soaked salsa
No Permit Burger $ 8.95
Topped with foie gras
Malicious Destruction of Property $ 8.95
Extra meat , extra peppers , extra cheese , and extra napkins
False Impersonation $ 8.95
Turkey Burger
Blackmail Burger
Black pepper encrusted , black beans
Sandwiches
All sandwiches are served with your choice of fries or side salad
Salmon $ 8.95
Prosciutto arugula tomato
Chicken Club $ 8.95
Bacon , Avocado , Jack cheese , arugula tomato
Barbecue Pork $ 8.95
Fried Buffalo Chicken Sandwich $ 8.95
Lockdown opens “ sometime in 2010 ” at 1024 N Western Ave , Chicago .
773-451-LOCK
Talk of a sequel to Tony Hawk Ride was already up in the E3 air last year , and despite the game ’s horrid sales and almost universal panning from reviewers ( including Elder - Geek ) the titular skateboard - guru remains optimistic about the possibilities of a new disc , vocally calling out the critics of the recently released peripheral - based sports game .
Activision may still be licking their wounds over the title ’s time on the market , Hawk recently twittered about a meeting that could spell out the first steps of pre-production for Tony Hawk Ride 2 .
“ Just met with Robomodo about our next project and it ’s already much better than I expected .
Details soon , ” wrote Hawk , he then added , “ Chicago is not warm . ”
Its a meeting with the same developers as the first one , but does this mean that Ride 2 is on its way ?
Give us your thoughts in the comments section , Elder - Geeks !
Two bloggers received home visits from Transportation Security Administration agents Tuesday after they published a new TSA directive that revises screening procedures and puts new restrictions on passengers in the wake of a recent bombing attempt by the so - called underwear bomber .
Special agents from the TSA 's Office of Inspection interrogated two U.S. bloggers , one of them an established travel columnist , and served them each with a civil subpoena demanding information on the anonymous source that provided the TSA document .
The document , which the two bloggers published within minutes of each other Dec. 27 , was sent by TSA to airlines and airports around the world and described temporary new requirements for screening passengers through Dec. 30 , including conducting " pat - downs " of legs and torsos .
The document , which was not classified , was posted by numerous bloggers .
Information from it was also published on some airline websites .
" They 're saying it 's a security document but it was sent to every airport and airline , " says Steven Frischling , one of the bloggers .
" It was sent to Islamabad , to Riyadh and to Nigeria .
So they 're looking for information about a security document sent to 10,000 - plus people internationally .
You can't have a right to expect privacy after that . "
Transportation Security Administration spokeswoman Suzanne Trevino said in a statement that security directives " are not for public disclosure . "
" TSA 's Office of Inspections is currently investigating how the recent Security Directives were acquired and published by parties who should not have been privy to this information , " the statement said .
Frischling , a freelance travel writer and photographer in Connecticut who writes a blog for the KLM Royal Dutch Airlines , said the two agents who visited him arrived around 7 p.m.
Tuesday , were armed and threatened him with a criminal search warrant if he did n't provide the name of his source .
They also threatened to get him fired from his KLM job and indicated they could get him designated a security risk , which would make it difficult for him to travel and do his job .
" They were indicating there would be significant ramifications if I did n't cooperate , " said Frischling , who was home alone with his three children when the agents arrived .
" It 's not hard to intimidate someone when they 're holding a 3 - year - old [ child ] in their hands .
My wife works at night .
I go to jail , and my kids are here with nobody . "
Frischling , who described some of the details of the visit on his personal blog , told Threat Level that the two agents drove to his house in Connecticut from DHS offices in Massachusetts and New Jersey and did n't mention a subpoena until an hour into their visit .
" They came to the door and immediately were asking , ' Who gave you this document ? , Why did you publish the document ? ' and ' I do n't think you know how much trouble you 're in . '
It was very much a hardball tactic , " he says .
When they pulled a subpoena from their briefcase and told him he was legally required to provide the information they requested , he said he needed to contact a lawyer .
The agents said they 'd sit outside his house until he gave them the information they wanted .
Frischling says he received the document anonymously from someone using a Gmail account and determined , after speaking with an attorney , that he might as well cooperate with the agents since he had little information about the source and there was no federal shield law to protect him .
The Gmail address consisted of the name " Mike , " followed by random numbers and letters .
Frischling had already deleted the e-mail after publishing the document but said he had learned from previous correspondence with the source that he had been hired as a screener for the TSA in 2009 .
The agents searched through Frischling 's BlackBerry and iPhone and questioned him about a number of phone numbers and messages in the devices .
One number listed in his phone under " ICEMOM " was a quick dial to his mother , in case of emergency .
The agents misunderstood the acronym and became suspicious that it was code for his anonymous source and asked if his source worked for ICE – the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement .
The agents then said they wanted to take an image of his hard drive .
Frischling said they had to go to WalMart to buy a hard drive , but when they returned were unable to get it to work .
Frischling said the keyboard on his laptop was no longer working after they tried to copy his files .
The agents left around 11 p.m. but came back Wednesday morning and , with Frischling 's consent , seized his laptop , which they promised to return after copying the hard drive .
Frischling wrote on his blog that he decided to publish the TSA directive to clear up much of the confusion and speculation that was circulating among the public about changes that were being instituted in airport security procedures after a passenger unsuccessfully tried to ignite a bomb Dec. 25 using a syringe and explosive chemicals hidden in his underwear .
" We are a free society , knowledge is power and informing the masses allows for public conversation and collective understanding , " Frischling wrote on his blog .
" You can agree or disagree , but you need information to know if you want to agree or disagree .
My goal is to inform and help people better understand what is happening , as well as allow them to form their own opinions . "
A former federal prosecutor who asked not to be identified told Threat Level that the TSA is being heavy - handed in how it 's handling the matter .
" It strikes me that someone at TSA is apoplectic that somehow there 's a sense that they 're not doing their job right , " he told Threat level .
" To go into this one reporter 's house and copy his computer files and threaten him , it strikes me that they 're more aggressive with this reporter than with the guy who got on this flight . "
Christopher Elliott , who is based in Florida and writes a column for the Washington Post , MSNBC and others , received a visit from a TSA special agent named Robert Flaherty around 6:30 p.m. Tuesday .
Elliott would n't discuss the details of the visit with Threat Level , due to pending legal issues , but he describes in his blog post how he got a knock on his door shortly after finishing dinner and putting his three young children in the bathtub .
Flaherty showed him a badge and said he wanted information about the source of the document he published .
When Elliott told him he'd need to see a subpoena , Flaherty pulled one out and handed it to Elliott .
Elliott told Threat Level they talked for 10 to 20 minutes , but he refused to cooperate .
Flaherty left but called Wednesday to remind Elliott that he had until the end of the business day to comply with the subpoena .
" I really do n't think they thought this one through , " said Elliott about the TSA tactics .
Elliott could face a fine and up to a year in jail for failure to comply , according to a statement on the subpoena .
The TSA directive was issued Christmas Day , the date of the attempted attack on Northwest Flight 253 , and indicates that the directive will expire Dec. 30 .
The directive applies to anyone operating a scheduled or charter flight departing from a foreign location and destined for the United States .
It requires all passengers to undergo a " thorough pat - down , " which should concentrate on their upper legs and torso , at the boarding gate .
It also requires physical inspection of all " accessible property " accompanying passengers at the boarding gate , " with focus on syringes being transported along with powders and / or liquids . "
It also indicates that restrictions against liquids , aerosols and gels should be strictly adhered to .
Heads of state can be exempted from the special screening .
Passengers are also required to remain seated during the last hour of flights , and cannot access carry - on baggage or have blankets , pillows or other personal belongings on their lap during this time .
Aircraft phones , internet service , TV programming and global positioning systems are to be disabled prior to boarding and during all phases of flight .
Flight crews are also prohibited from making any announcements to passengers about the flight path or the plane 's position over cities or landmarks .
The TSA was embarrassed earlier this month after a contract worker posted an improperly redacted sensitive screening manual on a government site .
That document revealed which passengers are more likely to be targeted for secondary screening , who is exempt from screening , TSA procedures for screening foreign dignitaries and CIA - escorted passengers , and extensive instructions for calibrating Siemens walk - through metal detectors .
Five TSA workers were put on leave pending an internal investigation into how that document got posted .
Hunt may well be over for a mysterious and invisible substance that accounts for three - quarters of the matter in the universe
For 80 years , it has eluded the finest minds in science .
But tonight it appeared that the hunt may be over for dark matter , the mysterious and invisible substance that accounts for three - quarters of the matter in the universe .
In a series of coordinated announcements at several US laboratories , researchers said they believed they had captured dark matter in a defunct iron ore mine half a mile underground .
The claim , if confirmed next year , will rank as one the most spectacular discoveries in physics in the past century .
Tantalising glimpses of dark matter particles were picked up by highly sensitive detectors at the bottom of the Soudan mine in Minnesota , the scientists said .
Dan Bauer , head of the Cryogenic Dark Matter Search ( CDMS ) , said the group had spotted two particles with all the expected characteristics of dark matter .
There is a one in four chance that the result is due to some other effect in the underground detectors , Bauer told a seminar at the Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory , near Chicago .
Rumours that Bauer 's group was on the verge of making an announcement surfaced on physicists ' blogs a few weeks ago .
Though tentative , tonight 's results triggered an immediate wave of excitement in the science community .
" If they have a real signal , it 's a seriously big deal .
The scale on which people are looking for dark matter is vast , " said Gerry Gilmore at Cambridge University 's institute of astronomy .
" Dark matter is what created the structure of the universe and is essentially what holds it together .
When ordinary matter falls into lumps of dark matter it turns into galaxies , stars , planets and people .
Without it , we would n't be here , " Gilmore said .
Scientists have debated the existence of dark matter since 1933 , when the Swiss astronomer Fritz Zwicky argued that a distant cluster of galaxies would fall apart were it not for the gravitational pull of some vast but invisible cosmic substance .
It was named dark matter because it does not reflect or absorb light , making it impossible to observe with telescopes .
Last year , the Hubble telescope photographed indirect evidence in the form of a ghostly halo around a distant galaxy , caused by clumps of dark matter bending light from stars as it passed by .
A year before that , scientists led by the British astronomer Richard Massey , at the California Institute of Technology , published the first 3D map of dark matter , which revealed how it clung around galaxies and held clusters of them together .
Dark matter is likely to be made up of a variety of invisible particles that not only explain the missing mass of the universe , but shed light on some of the most profound mysteries in science .
Some dark matter particles could explain why ordinary matter is not radioactive , while others may help scientists understand why time – so far as we know – always runs forward .
" The real impact of this is psychological , in that it shows we 're getting close to being able to do a whole new kind of physics , " Gilmore said .
" We know there are properties of the universe that should correspond to new families of particles .
One of the great mysteries is why time only goes in one direction , and one candidate to explain that is a dark matter particle . "
Many scientists believe dark matter particles will turn out to be proof of a theory called supersymmetry , which predicts that every kind of particle in the universe is paired with a heavier twin .
Finding evidence for supersymmetry is one of the major goals of the Large Hadron Collider at Cern , in Switzerland .
Dark matter particles are peculiar because they pass through objects as if they were not there .
Their aloof nature has led scientists to name them weakly interacting massive particles , or Wimps .
Vast amounts of these are thought to be constantly moving through the Earth and everything on it , us included , as the solar system spins around our galaxy .
The detectors at the Soudan mine are buried underground to shield them from other kinds of particles that bombard Earth from space .
To detect dark matter , scientists have to wait for the extremely rare occasion when a dark matter particle knocks into an atomic nucleus in the detector and makes it vibrate .
Detectors in the mine will be upgraded in the new year before the search for more dark matter continues , Bauer said .
The hunt for dark matter
What is dark matter ?
The night sky might seem full of stars and planets , but what we see is only 4 % of the stuff of the universe .
Some three - quarters is dark matter , an invisible substance that scientists believe is there because of the gravitational force it exerts .
What does dark matter do ?
Dark matter stretches throughout space where it attracts ordinary matter that coalesces into galaxies of billions of stars and planets .
It forms a kind of cosmic skeleton that gives the universe its structure .
Many scientists believe they will find a family of invisible dark matter particles , each of which plays a different role in nature .
Some may even explain why time always goes in the same direction .
Who came up with the idea ?
The Swiss astronomer Fritz Zwicky postulated dark matter in 1933 .
He noticed that a distant cluster of galaxies would fall apart were it not for the extra gravitational pull of some mysterious unseen mass in space .
Astronomers verified his prediction by showing that stars swirling around distant galaxies zipped around so fast they must be held in place by extra gravitational forces .
Does everyone believe in dark matter ?
A minority of astronomers and physicists dismiss dark matter as a fudge .
Instead , they suspect that the strength of gravity varies from place to place , in a way that explains why stars do not hurtle out of spinning galaxies .
The theory is known as Modified Newtonian Dynamics ( Mond ) .
• This article was amended on Friday 18 December 2009 .
We said dark matter accounts for three - quarters of the mass of the universe ; we meant to say three - quarters of the matter of the universe .
This has been corrected .
The Comparative Risk of Terrorism
Good essay from the Wall Street Journal :
It might be unrealistic to expect the average citizen to have a nuanced grasp of statistically based risk analysis , but there is nothing nuanced about two basic facts : ( 1 ) America is a country of 310 million people , in which thousands of horrible things happen every single day ; and ( 2 ) The chances that one of those horrible things will be that you ’re subjected to a terrorist attack can , for all practical purposes , be calculated as zero .
Consider that on this very day about 6,700 Americans will die … .
Consider then that around 1,900 of the Americans who die today will be less than 65 , and that indeed about 140 will be children .
Approximately 50 Americans will be murdered today , including several women killed by their husbands or boyfriends , and several children who will die from abuse and neglect .
Around 85 of us will commit suicide , and another 120 will die in traffic accidents . [ … ]
Indeed , if one does not utter the magic word “ terrorism , ” the notion that it is actually in the best interests of the country for the government to do everything possible to keep its citizens safe becomes self - evident nonsense .
Consider again some of the things that will kill 6,700 Americans today .
The country ’s homicide rate is approximately six times higher than that of most other developed nations ; we have 15,000 more murders per year than we would if the rate were comparable to that of otherwise similar countries .
Americans own around 200 million firearms , which is to say there are nearly as many privately owned guns as there are adults in the country .
In addition , there are about 200,000 convicted murderers walking free in America today ( there have been more than 600,000 murders in America over the past 30 years , and the average time served for the crime is about 12 years ) .
Given these statistics , there is little doubt that banning private gun ownership and making life without parole mandatory for anyone convicted of murder would reduce the homicide rate in America significantly .
It would almost surely make a major dent in the suicide rate as well : Half of the nation ’s 31,000 suicides involve a handgun .
How many people would support taking both these steps , which together would save exponentially more lives than even a — obviously hypothetical — perfect terrorist - prevention system ?
Fortunately , very few .
( Although I admit a depressingly large number might support automatic life without parole . )
Or consider traffic accidents .
All sorts of measures could be taken to reduce the current rate of automotive carnage from 120 fatalities a day — from lowering speed limits , to requiring mechanisms that make it impossible to start a car while drunk , to even more restrictive measures .
Some of these measures may well be worth taking .
But the point is that at present we seem to consider 43,000 traffic deaths per year an acceptable cost to pay for driving big fast cars .
Kevin Drum takes issue with the analysis :
Two things .
First , this line of argument — that terrorism is statistically harmless compared to lots of other activities — will never work .
For better or worse , it just wo n’t .
So we should knock it off .
Second , even in the realm of pure logic it really does n’t hold water .
The fundamental fear of terrorism is that it ’s not just random or unintentional , like car accidents or ( for most of us ) the threat of homicide .
It ’s carried out by people with a purpose .
The panic caused by the underwear bomber was n’t so much over the prospect of a planeload of casualties , it was over the reminder that al - Qaeda is still out there and still eager to expand its reach and kill thousands if we ever decide to let our guard down a little bit .
So even if you agree with Campos , as I do , that overreaction to al - Qaeda ’s efforts is dumb and counterproductive , it ’s perfectly reasonable to be more afraid of a highly motivated group with malign ideology and murderous intent than of things like traffic accidents or hurricanes .
Suggesting otherwise , in some kind of hyperlogical a - death - is - a - death sense , strikes most people as naive and clueless .
It ’s an argument that probably hurts the cause of common sense more than it helps .
While I agree that arguing that terrorism is statistically harmless is n’t going to win any converts , I still think it ’s an important point to make .
We routinely overestimate rare risks and underestimate common risks , and the more we recognize that cognitive bias , the better chance we have for overcoming it .
And Kevin illustrates another cognitive bias : we fear risks deliberately perpetrated by other people more than we do risks that occur by accident .
And while we fear the unknown — the “ reminder that al - Qaeda is still out there and still eager to expand its reach and kill thousands if we ever decide to let our guard down a little bit ” — more than the familiar , the reality is that automobiles will kill over 3,000 people this month , next month , and every month from now until the foreseeable future , irrespective of whether we let our guard down or not .
There simply is n’t any reasonable scenario by which terrorism even approaches that death toll .
Yes , the risks are different .
Your personal chance of dying in a car accident depends on where you live , how much you drive , whether or not you drink and drive , and so on .
But your personal chance of dying in a terrorist attack also depends on these sorts of things : where you live , how often you fly , what you do for a living , and so on .
( There ’s also a control bias at work : we underestimate the risk in situations where we ’re in control , or think we ’re in control — like driving — and overestimate the risks in situations where we ’re not in control . )
But as a nation we get to set our priorities , and decide how to spend our money .
No one is suggesting we ignore the risks of terrorism — and making people feel safe is a good thing to do — but it makes no sense to focus so much effort and money on it when there are far worse risks to Americans .
Jeffrey Rosen wrote about this last year .
And similar sentiments from Baroness Murphy of the British House of Lords .
Remember , the terrorists want us to be terrorized , and they ’ve chosen this tactic precisely because we have all these cognitive biases that magnify their actions .
We can fight back by refusing to be terroroized .
Posted on January 12 , 2010 at 6:15 AM • 88 Comments
DAVOS , Switzerland ( Reuters ) - Bill and Melinda Gates said on Friday they would spend $ 10 billion over the next decade to develop and deliver vaccines , an increased commitment that reflects progress in the pipeline of products for immunizing children in the developing world .
Microsoft founder Bill Gates ( L ) and his wife Melinda attend a news conference at the World Economic Forum ( WEF ) in Davos January 29 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Arnd Wiegmann
Over the past 10 years , the Microsoft co-founder ’s charity has committed $ 4.5 billion to vaccines and has been instrumental in establishing the GAVI alliance , a public - private partnership that channels money for vaccines in poor countries .
By increasing immunization coverage in developing countries to 90 percent , it should be possible to prevent the deaths of 7.6 million children under five between 2010 and 2019 , Gates told reporters at the World Economic Forum .
Margaret Chan , director - general of the World Health Organization described Gates ’ commitment to vaccines as “ unprecedented ” and called on governments around the world and the private sector to match it with “ unprecedented action . ”
Vaccination rates have already climbed remarkably in recent years , with even a poor African country like Malawi now boasting coverage rates similar to those in many Western cities .
“ Over the last 10 years , the success of both increased vaccine coverage and getting new vaccines out has been phenomenal , ” Gates said .
More cash is now needed to make the most of new vaccines becoming available , including ones against severe diarrhea and pneumococcal disease from GlaxoSmithKline , Merck and Pfizer .
“ We can take immunization to the next level , with the expanded uptake of new vaccines against major killers such as pneumonia and rotavirus diarrhea , ” Chan said in a statement .
She said an extra two million deaths in children under five could be prevented by 2015 by widespread use of new vaccines and a 10 percent increase in global immunization coverage .
Further off , Glaxo is also in the final phase of testing a vaccine against malaria that Gates said could slash deaths from the mosquito - borne disease .
Gates warned against the risk of governments diverting foreign aid funding for health toward climate change , arguing that health should stay a top priority -- not least because better health leads to a lower birth rate .
Curbing the globe ’s population growth is critical for tackling global warming .
About 50 people contacted me during that week , and the talks I had with them lasted from ten minutes to one and a half hours , if you leave out the black woman who quickly stopped and asked me the question :
Should I marry him or not ?
and who disappeared again , laughing , without waiting for an answer .
The issues that people came to me for guidance on were primarily existential issues .
I think my life is off course , what should I do ?
That type of question .
There were five or ten people who wanted to know what my background was to provide guidance on everything , and I told them I work as a photographer and that I had no precondition apart from a desire to try , together with the person seeking advice , to become more aware of how his or her problem could be solved .
Furthermore , I said , my experience was that people often know what is wrong in their lives and that simple questions from an outsider can help provide clarity in relation to the problem .
An example of what happened during the week :
Three young Muslim girls come up to me , they are teasing each other , joking , they ’re obviously a little uncertain about the situation .
One of the girls starts talking to me , the two other girls move a little away .
The girl tells me that today she and her two friends started at the same school , but her two friends have started training with a focus on Sanitation and Food and she has started an education in architecture and urban planning .
And now she ’s unsure – that is what she tells me – if her study is right for her or if she had better switch to the course her friends are on .
I ask her , what would your situation be like if - and try to imagine that this scenario is real - so , how would the whole situation look if your two friends did n’t exist , they are not a part of your life , they ’re gone , erased from your consciousness ?
If that were so , would you still consider switching to the Sanitation and Food program or would you stay on the course you have chosen - at least for a while so that you have a chance to get to know the course ?
The girl said that she was actually quite interested in architecture , and today was her first day on the course and her impression of it was pretty good .
So if her friends did n’t exist she 'd probably , she said , stay on the course - at least for now .
She could always switch courses if she found out later that she ’d rather be on the course her friends had chosen .
I said , well , there you have your answer .
Stay where you are – stick with the decision you have made – that will be best for all three parties .
Something I noticed in connection with the project , and which was fantastic to experience , was people ’s willingness to take courage and involve a complete stranger – me – in their personal reflections on where they were in life at the moment .
Something else that was interesting to experience in relation to the project was that during the week I , who had no precondition ( at least not a technical one ) to bring strangers on the right track , rose to the challenge to such a degree that I could barely recognize myself Friday afternoon .
There was something larger going on , something I had only a small part in .
I ’m talking about the energy that occurs when two or more people move forward together in a shared attempt to become more conscious .
It was quite an amazing experience .
Thank you to Marc Horowitz ( ineedtostopsoon.com ) who inspired me to do the project .
About 50 people contacted me during that week , and the talks I had with them lasted from ten minutes to one and a half hours , if you leave out the black woman who quickly stopped and asked me the question :
Should I marry him or not ?
and who disappeared again , laughing , without waiting for an answer .
The issues that people came to me for guidance on were primarily existential issues .
I think my life is off course , what should I do ?
That type of question .
There were five or ten people who wanted to know what my background was to provide guidance on everything , and I told them I work as a photographer and that I had no precondition apart from a desire to try , together with the person seeking advice , to become more aware of how his or her problem could be solved .
Furthermore , I said , my experience was that people often know what is wrong in their lives and that simple questions from an outsider can help provide clarity in relation to the problem .
An example of what happened during the week :
Three young Muslim girls come up to me , they are teasing each other , joking , they ’re obviously a little uncertain about the situation .
One of the girls starts talking to me , the two other girls move a little away .
The girl tells me that today she and her two friends started at the same school , but her two friends have started training with a focus on Sanitation and Food and she has started an education in architecture and urban planning .
And now she ’s unsure – that is what she tells me – if her study is right for her or if she had better switch to the course her friends are on .
I ask her , what would your situation be like if - and try to imagine that this scenario is real - so , how would the whole situation look if your two friends did n’t exist , they are not a part of your life , they ’re gone , erased from your consciousness ?
If that were so , would you still consider switching to the Sanitation and Food program or would you stay on the course you have chosen - at least for a while so that you have a chance to get to know the course ?
The girl said that she was actually quite interested in architecture , and today was her first day on the course and her impression of it was pretty good .
So if her friends did n’t exist she 'd probably , she said , stay on the course - at least for now .
She could always switch courses if she found out later that she ’d rather be on the course her friends had chosen .
I said , well , there you have your answer .
Stay where you are – stick with the decision you have made – that will be best for all three parties .
Something I noticed in connection with the project , and which was fantastic to experience , was people ’s willingness to take courage and involve a complete stranger – me – in their personal reflections on where they were in life at the moment .
Something else that was interesting to experience in relation to the project was that during the week I , who had no precondition ( at least not a technical one ) to bring strangers on the right track , rose to the challenge to such a degree that I could barely recognize myself Friday afternoon .
There was something larger going on , something I had only a small part in .
I ’m talking about the energy that occurs when two or more people move forward together in a shared attempt to become more conscious .
It was quite an amazing experience .
Thank you to Marc Horowitz ( ineedtostopsoon.com ) who inspired me to do the project .
About 50 people contacted me during that week , and the talks I had with them lasted from ten minutes to one and a half hours , if you leave out the black woman who quickly stopped and asked me the question :
Should I marry him or not ?
and who disappeared again , laughing , without waiting for an answer .
The issues that people came to me for guidance on were primarily existential issues .
I think my life is off course , what should I do ?
That type of question .
There were five or ten people who wanted to know what my background was to provide guidance on everything , and I told them I work as a photographer and that I had no precondition apart from a desire to try , together with the person seeking advice , to become more aware of how his or her problem could be solved .
Furthermore , I said , my experience was that people often know what is wrong in their lives and that simple questions from an outsider can help provide clarity in relation to the problem .
An example of what happened during the week :
Three young Muslim girls come up to me , they are teasing each other , joking , they ’re obviously a little uncertain about the situation .
One of the girls starts talking to me , the two other girls move a little away .
The girl tells me that today she and her two friends started at the same school , but her two friends have started training with a focus on Sanitation and Food and she has started an education in architecture and urban planning .
And now she ’s unsure – that is what she tells me – if her study is right for her or if she had better switch to the course her friends are on .
I ask her , what would your situation be like if - and try to imagine that this scenario is real - so , how would the whole situation look if your two friends did n’t exist , they are not a part of your life , they ’re gone , erased from your consciousness ?
If that were so , would you still consider switching to the Sanitation and Food program or would you stay on the course you have chosen - at least for a while so that you have a chance to get to know the course ?
The girl said that she was actually quite interested in architecture , and today was her first day on the course and her impression of it was pretty good .
So if her friends did n’t exist she 'd probably , she said , stay on the course - at least for now .
She could always switch courses if she found out later that she ’d rather be on the course her friends had chosen .
I said , well , there you have your answer .
Stay where you are – stick with the decision you have made – that will be best for all three parties .
Something I noticed in connection with the project , and which was fantastic to experience , was people ’s willingness to take courage and involve a complete stranger – me – in their personal reflections on where they were in life at the moment .
Something else that was interesting to experience in relation to the project was that during the week I , who had no precondition ( at least not a technical one ) to bring strangers on the right track , rose to the challenge to such a degree that I could barely recognize myself Friday afternoon .
There was something larger going on , something I had only a small part in .
I ’m talking about the energy that occurs when two or more people move forward together in a shared attempt to become more conscious .
It was quite an amazing experience .
Thank you to Marc Horowitz ( ineedtostopsoon.com ) who inspired me to do the project .
About 50 people contacted me during that week , and the talks I had with them lasted from ten minutes to one and a half hours , if you leave out the black woman who quickly stopped and asked me the question :
Should I marry him or not ?
and who disappeared again , laughing , without waiting for an answer .
The issues that people came to me for guidance on were primarily existential issues .
I think my life is off course , what should I do ?
That type of question .
There were five or ten people who wanted to know what my background was to provide guidance on everything , and I told them I work as a photographer and that I had no precondition apart from a desire to try , together with the person seeking advice , to become more aware of how his or her problem could be solved .
Furthermore , I said , my experience was that people often know what is wrong in their lives and that simple questions from an outsider can help provide clarity in relation to the problem .
An example of what happened during the week :
Three young Muslim girls come up to me , they are teasing each other , joking , they ’re obviously a little uncertain about the situation .
One of the girls starts talking to me , the two other girls move a little away .
The girl tells me that today she and her two friends started at the same school , but her two friends have started training with a focus on Sanitation and Food and she has started an education in architecture and urban planning .
And now she ’s unsure – that is what she tells me – if her study is right for her or if she had better switch to the course her friends are on .
I ask her , what would your situation be like if - and try to imagine that this scenario is real - so , how would the whole situation look if your two friends did n’t exist , they are not a part of your life , they ’re gone , erased from your consciousness ?
If that were so , would you still consider switching to the Sanitation and Food program or would you stay on the course you have chosen - at least for a while so that you have a chance to get to know the course ?
The girl said that she was actually quite interested in architecture , and today was her first day on the course and her impression of it was pretty good .
So if her friends did n’t exist she 'd probably , she said , stay on the course - at least for now .
She could always switch courses if she found out later that she ’d rather be on the course her friends had chosen .
I said , well , there you have your answer .
Stay where you are – stick with the decision you have made – that will be best for all three parties .
Something I noticed in connection with the project , and which was fantastic to experience , was people ’s willingness to take courage and involve a complete stranger – me – in their personal reflections on where they were in life at the moment .
Something else that was interesting to experience in relation to the project was that during the week I , who had no precondition ( at least not a technical one ) to bring strangers on the right track , rose to the challenge to such a degree that I could barely recognize myself Friday afternoon .
There was something larger going on , something I had only a small part in .
I ’m talking about the energy that occurs when two or more people move forward together in a shared attempt to become more conscious .
It was quite an amazing experience .
Thank you to Marc Horowitz ( ineedtostopsoon.com ) who inspired me to do the project .
About 50 people contacted me during that week , and the talks I had with them lasted from ten minutes to one and a half hours , if you leave out the black woman who quickly stopped and asked me the question :
Should I marry him or not ?
and who disappeared again , laughing , without waiting for an answer .
The issues that people came to me for guidance on were primarily existential issues .
I think my life is off course , what should I do ?
That type of question .
There were five or ten people who wanted to know what my background was to provide guidance on everything , and I told them I work as a photographer and that I had no precondition apart from a desire to try , together with the person seeking advice , to become more aware of how his or her problem could be solved .
Furthermore , I said , my experience was that people often know what is wrong in their lives and that simple questions from an outsider can help provide clarity in relation to the problem .
An example of what happened during the week :
Three young Muslim girls come up to me , they are teasing each other , joking , they ’re obviously a little uncertain about the situation .
One of the girls starts talking to me , the two other girls move a little away .
The girl tells me that today she and her two friends started at the same school , but her two friends have started training with a focus on Sanitation and Food and she has started an education in architecture and urban planning .
And now she ’s unsure – that is what she tells me – if her study is right for her or if she had better switch to the course her friends are on .
I ask her , what would your situation be like if - and try to imagine that this scenario is real - so , how would the whole situation look if your two friends did n’t exist , they are not a part of your life , they ’re gone , erased from your consciousness ?
If that were so , would you still consider switching to the Sanitation and Food program or would you stay on the course you have chosen - at least for a while so that you have a chance to get to know the course ?
The girl said that she was actually quite interested in architecture , and today was her first day on the course and her impression of it was pretty good .
So if her friends did n’t exist she 'd probably , she said , stay on the course - at least for now .
She could always switch courses if she found out later that she ’d rather be on the course her friends had chosen .
I said , well , there you have your answer .
Stay where you are – stick with the decision you have made – that will be best for all three parties .
Something I noticed in connection with the project , and which was fantastic to experience , was people ’s willingness to take courage and involve a complete stranger – me – in their personal reflections on where they were in life at the moment .
Something else that was interesting to experience in relation to the project was that during the week I , who had no precondition ( at least not a technical one ) to bring strangers on the right track , rose to the challenge to such a degree that I could barely recognize myself Friday afternoon .
There was something larger going on , something I had only a small part in .
I ’m talking about the energy that occurs when two or more people move forward together in a shared attempt to become more conscious .
It was quite an amazing experience .
Thank you to Marc Horowitz ( ineedtostopsoon.com ) who inspired me to do the project .
About 50 people contacted me during that week , and the talks I had with them lasted from ten minutes to one and a half hours , if you leave out the black woman who quickly stopped and asked me the question :
Should I marry him or not ?
and who disappeared again , laughing , without waiting for an answer .
The issues that people came to me for guidance on were primarily existential issues .
I think my life is off course , what should I do ?
That type of question .
There were five or ten people who wanted to know what my background was to provide guidance on everything , and I told them I work as a photographer and that I had no precondition apart from a desire to try , together with the person seeking advice , to become more aware of how his or her problem could be solved .
Furthermore , I said , my experience was that people often know what is wrong in their lives and that simple questions from an outsider can help provide clarity in relation to the problem .
An example of what happened during the week :
Three young Muslim girls come up to me , they are teasing each other , joking , they ’re obviously a little uncertain about the situation .
One of the girls starts talking to me , the two other girls move a little away .
The girl tells me that today she and her two friends started at the same school , but her two friends have started training with a focus on Sanitation and Food and she has started an education in architecture and urban planning .
And now she ’s unsure – that is what she tells me – if her study is right for her or if she had better switch to the course her friends are on .
I ask her , what would your situation be like if - and try to imagine that this scenario is real - so , how would the whole situation look if your two friends did n’t exist , they are not a part of your life , they ’re gone , erased from your consciousness ?
If that were so , would you still consider switching to the Sanitation and Food program or would you stay on the course you have chosen - at least for a while so that you have a chance to get to know the course ?
The girl said that she was actually quite interested in architecture , and today was her first day on the course and her impression of it was pretty good .
So if her friends did n’t exist she 'd probably , she said , stay on the course - at least for now .
She could always switch courses if she found out later that she ’d rather be on the course her friends had chosen .
I said , well , there you have your answer .
Stay where you are – stick with the decision you have made – that will be best for all three parties .
Something I noticed in connection with the project , and which was fantastic to experience , was people ’s willingness to take courage and involve a complete stranger – me – in their personal reflections on where they were in life at the moment .
Something else that was interesting to experience in relation to the project was that during the week I , who had no precondition ( at least not a technical one ) to bring strangers on the right track , rose to the challenge to such a degree that I could barely recognize myself Friday afternoon .
There was something larger going on , something I had only a small part in .
I ’m talking about the energy that occurs when two or more people move forward together in a shared attempt to become more conscious .
It was quite an amazing experience .
Thank you to Marc Horowitz ( ineedtostopsoon.com ) who inspired me to do the project .
About 50 people contacted me during that week , and the talks I had with them lasted from ten minutes to one and a half hours , if you leave out the black woman who quickly stopped and asked me the question :
Should I marry him or not ?
and who disappeared again , laughing , without waiting for an answer .
The issues that people came to me for guidance on were primarily existential issues .
I think my life is off course , what should I do ?
That type of question .
There were five or ten people who wanted to know what my background was to provide guidance on everything , and I told them I work as a photographer and that I had no precondition apart from a desire to try , together with the person seeking advice , to become more aware of how his or her problem could be solved .
Furthermore , I said , my experience was that people often know what is wrong in their lives and that simple questions from an outsider can help provide clarity in relation to the problem .
An example of what happened during the week :
Three young Muslim girls come up to me , they are teasing each other , joking , they ’re obviously a little uncertain about the situation .
One of the girls starts talking to me , the two other girls move a little away .
The girl tells me that today she and her two friends started at the same school , but her two friends have started training with a focus on Sanitation and Food and she has started an education in architecture and urban planning .
And now she ’s unsure – that is what she tells me – if her study is right for her or if she had better switch to the course her friends are on .
I ask her , what would your situation be like if - and try to imagine that this scenario is real - so , how would the whole situation look if your two friends did n’t exist , they are not a part of your life , they ’re gone , erased from your consciousness ?
If that were so , would you still consider switching to the Sanitation and Food program or would you stay on the course you have chosen - at least for a while so that you have a chance to get to know the course ?
The girl said that she was actually quite interested in architecture , and today was her first day on the course and her impression of it was pretty good .
So if her friends did n’t exist she 'd probably , she said , stay on the course - at least for now .
She could always switch courses if she found out later that she ’d rather be on the course her friends had chosen .
I said , well , there you have your answer .
Stay where you are – stick with the decision you have made – that will be best for all three parties .
Something I noticed in connection with the project , and which was fantastic to experience , was people ’s willingness to take courage and involve a complete stranger – me – in their personal reflections on where they were in life at the moment .
Something else that was interesting to experience in relation to the project was that during the week I , who had no precondition ( at least not a technical one ) to bring strangers on the right track , rose to the challenge to such a degree that I could barely recognize myself Friday afternoon .
There was something larger going on , something I had only a small part in .
I ’m talking about the energy that occurs when two or more people move forward together in a shared attempt to become more conscious .
It was quite an amazing experience .
Thank you to Marc Horowitz ( ineedtostopsoon.com ) who inspired me to do the project .
About 50 people contacted me during that week , and the talks I had with them lasted from ten minutes to one and a half hours , if you leave out the black woman who quickly stopped and asked me the question :
Should I marry him or not ?
and who disappeared again , laughing , without waiting for an answer .
The issues that people came to me for guidance on were primarily existential issues .
I think my life is off course , what should I do ?
That type of question .
There were five or ten people who wanted to know what my background was to provide guidance on everything , and I told them I work as a photographer and that I had no precondition apart from a desire to try , together with the person seeking advice , to become more aware of how his or her problem could be solved .
Furthermore , I said , my experience was that people often know what is wrong in their lives and that simple questions from an outsider can help provide clarity in relation to the problem .
An example of what happened during the week :
Three young Muslim girls come up to me , they are teasing each other , joking , they ’re obviously a little uncertain about the situation .
One of the girls starts talking to me , the two other girls move a little away .
The girl tells me that today she and her two friends started at the same school , but her two friends have started training with a focus on Sanitation and Food and she has started an education in architecture and urban planning .
And now she ’s unsure – that is what she tells me – if her study is right for her or if she had better switch to the course her friends are on .
I ask her , what would your situation be like if - and try to imagine that this scenario is real - so , how would the whole situation look if your two friends did n’t exist , they are not a part of your life , they ’re gone , erased from your consciousness ?
If that were so , would you still consider switching to the Sanitation and Food program or would you stay on the course you have chosen - at least for a while so that you have a chance to get to know the course ?
The girl said that she was actually quite interested in architecture , and today was her first day on the course and her impression of it was pretty good .
So if her friends did n’t exist she 'd probably , she said , stay on the course - at least for now .
She could always switch courses if she found out later that she ’d rather be on the course her friends had chosen .
I said , well , there you have your answer .
Stay where you are – stick with the decision you have made – that will be best for all three parties .
Something I noticed in connection with the project , and which was fantastic to experience , was people ’s willingness to take courage and involve a complete stranger – me – in their personal reflections on where they were in life at the moment .
Something else that was interesting to experience in relation to the project was that during the week I , who had no precondition ( at least not a technical one ) to bring strangers on the right track , rose to the challenge to such a degree that I could barely recognize myself Friday afternoon .
There was something larger going on , something I had only a small part in .
I ’m talking about the energy that occurs when two or more people move forward together in a shared attempt to become more conscious .
It was quite an amazing experience .
Thank you to Marc Horowitz ( ineedtostopsoon.com ) who inspired me to do the project .
About 50 people contacted me during that week , and the talks I had with them lasted from ten minutes to one and a half hours , if you leave out the black woman who quickly stopped and asked me the question :
Should I marry him or not ?
and who disappeared again , laughing , without waiting for an answer .
The issues that people came to me for guidance on were primarily existential issues .
I think my life is off course , what should I do ?
That type of question .
There were five or ten people who wanted to know what my background was to provide guidance on everything , and I told them I work as a photographer and that I had no precondition apart from a desire to try , together with the person seeking advice , to become more aware of how his or her problem could be solved .
Furthermore , I said , my experience was that people often know what is wrong in their lives and that simple questions from an outsider can help provide clarity in relation to the problem .
An example of what happened during the week :
Three young Muslim girls come up to me , they are teasing each other , joking , they ’re obviously a little uncertain about the situation .
One of the girls starts talking to me , the two other girls move a little away .
The girl tells me that today she and her two friends started at the same school , but her two friends have started training with a focus on Sanitation and Food and she has started an education in architecture and urban planning .
And now she ’s unsure – that is what she tells me – if her study is right for her or if she had better switch to the course her friends are on .
I ask her , what would your situation be like if - and try to imagine that this scenario is real - so , how would the whole situation look if your two friends did n’t exist , they are not a part of your life , they ’re gone , erased from your consciousness ?
If that were so , would you still consider switching to the Sanitation and Food program or would you stay on the course you have chosen - at least for a while so that you have a chance to get to know the course ?
The girl said that she was actually quite interested in architecture , and today was her first day on the course and her impression of it was pretty good .
So if her friends did n’t exist she 'd probably , she said , stay on the course - at least for now .
She could always switch courses if she found out later that she ’d rather be on the course her friends had chosen .
I said , well , there you have your answer .
Stay where you are – stick with the decision you have made – that will be best for all three parties .
Something I noticed in connection with the project , and which was fantastic to experience , was people ’s willingness to take courage and involve a complete stranger – me – in their personal reflections on where they were in life at the moment .
Something else that was interesting to experience in relation to the project was that during the week I , who had no precondition ( at least not a technical one ) to bring strangers on the right track , rose to the challenge to such a degree that I could barely recognize myself Friday afternoon .
There was something larger going on , something I had only a small part in .
I ’m talking about the energy that occurs when two or more people move forward together in a shared attempt to become more conscious .
It was quite an amazing experience .
Thank you to Marc Horowitz ( ineedtostopsoon.com ) who inspired me to do the project .
About 50 people contacted me during that week , and the talks I had with them lasted from ten minutes to one and a half hours , if you leave out the black woman who quickly stopped and asked me the question :
Should I marry him or not ?
and who disappeared again , laughing , without waiting for an answer .
The issues that people came to me for guidance on were primarily existential issues .
I think my life is off course , what should I do ?
That type of question .
There were five or ten people who wanted to know what my background was to provide guidance on everything , and I told them I work as a photographer and that I had no precondition apart from a desire to try , together with the person seeking advice , to become more aware of how his or her problem could be solved .
Furthermore , I said , my experience was that people often know what is wrong in their lives and that simple questions from an outsider can help provide clarity in relation to the problem .
An example of what happened during the week :
Three young Muslim girls come up to me , they are teasing each other , joking , they ’re obviously a little uncertain about the situation .
One of the girls starts talking to me , the two other girls move a little away .
The girl tells me that today she and her two friends started at the same school , but her two friends have started training with a focus on Sanitation and Food and she has started an education in architecture and urban planning .
And now she ’s unsure – that is what she tells me – if her study is right for her or if she had better switch to the course her friends are on .
I ask her , what would your situation be like if - and try to imagine that this scenario is real - so , how would the whole situation look if your two friends did n’t exist , they are not a part of your life , they ’re gone , erased from your consciousness ?
If that were so , would you still consider switching to the Sanitation and Food program or would you stay on the course you have chosen - at least for a while so that you have a chance to get to know the course ?
The girl said that she was actually quite interested in architecture , and today was her first day on the course and her impression of it was pretty good .
So if her friends did n’t exist she 'd probably , she said , stay on the course - at least for now .
She could always switch courses if she found out later that she ’d rather be on the course her friends had chosen .
I said , well , there you have your answer .
Stay where you are – stick with the decision you have made – that will be best for all three parties .
Something I noticed in connection with the project , and which was fantastic to experience , was people ’s willingness to take courage and involve a complete stranger – me – in their personal reflections on where they were in life at the moment .
Something else that was interesting to experience in relation to the project was that during the week I , who had no precondition ( at least not a technical one ) to bring strangers on the right track , rose to the challenge to such a degree that I could barely recognize myself Friday afternoon .
There was something larger going on , something I had only a small part in .
I ’m talking about the energy that occurs when two or more people move forward together in a shared attempt to become more conscious .
It was quite an amazing experience .
Thank you to Marc Horowitz ( ineedtostopsoon.com ) who inspired me to do the project .
About 50 people contacted me during that week , and the talks I had with them lasted from ten minutes to one and a half hours , if you leave out the black woman who quickly stopped and asked me the question :
Should I marry him or not ?
and who disappeared again , laughing , without waiting for an answer .
The issues that people came to me for guidance on were primarily existential issues .
I think my life is off course , what should I do ?
That type of question .
There were five or ten people who wanted to know what my background was to provide guidance on everything , and I told them I work as a photographer and that I had no precondition apart from a desire to try , together with the person seeking advice , to become more aware of how his or her problem could be solved .
Furthermore , I said , my experience was that people often know what is wrong in their lives and that simple questions from an outsider can help provide clarity in relation to the problem .
An example of what happened during the week :
Three young Muslim girls come up to me , they are teasing each other , joking , they ’re obviously a little uncertain about the situation .
One of the girls starts talking to me , the two other girls move a little away .
The girl tells me that today she and her two friends started at the same school , but her two friends have started training with a focus on Sanitation and Food and she has started an education in architecture and urban planning .
And now she ’s unsure – that is what she tells me – if her study is right for her or if she had better switch to the course her friends are on .
I ask her , what would your situation be like if - and try to imagine that this scenario is real - so , how would the whole situation look if your two friends did n’t exist , they are not a part of your life , they ’re gone , erased from your consciousness ?
If that were so , would you still consider switching to the Sanitation and Food program or would you stay on the course you have chosen - at least for a while so that you have a chance to get to know the course ?
The girl said that she was actually quite interested in architecture , and today was her first day on the course and her impression of it was pretty good .
So if her friends did n’t exist she 'd probably , she said , stay on the course - at least for now .
She could always switch courses if she found out later that she ’d rather be on the course her friends had chosen .
I said , well , there you have your answer .
Stay where you are – stick with the decision you have made – that will be best for all three parties .
Something I noticed in connection with the project , and which was fantastic to experience , was people ’s willingness to take courage and involve a complete stranger – me – in their personal reflections on where they were in life at the moment .
Something else that was interesting to experience in relation to the project was that during the week I , who had no precondition ( at least not a technical one ) to bring strangers on the right track , rose to the challenge to such a degree that I could barely recognize myself Friday afternoon .
There was something larger going on , something I had only a small part in .
I ’m talking about the energy that occurs when two or more people move forward together in a shared attempt to become more conscious .
It was quite an amazing experience .
Thank you to Marc Horowitz ( ineedtostopsoon.com ) who inspired me to do the project .
About 50 people contacted me during that week , and the talks I had with them lasted from ten minutes to one and a half hours , if you leave out the black woman who quickly stopped and asked me the question :
Should I marry him or not ?
and who disappeared again , laughing , without waiting for an answer .
The issues that people came to me for guidance on were primarily existential issues .
I think my life is off course , what should I do ?
That type of question .
There were five or ten people who wanted to know what my background was to provide guidance on everything , and I told them I work as a photographer and that I had no precondition apart from a desire to try , together with the person seeking advice , to become more aware of how his or her problem could be solved .
Furthermore , I said , my experience was that people often know what is wrong in their lives and that simple questions from an outsider can help provide clarity in relation to the problem .
An example of what happened during the week :
Three young Muslim girls come up to me , they are teasing each other , joking , they ’re obviously a little uncertain about the situation .
One of the girls starts talking to me , the two other girls move a little away .
The girl tells me that today she and her two friends started at the same school , but her two friends have started training with a focus on Sanitation and Food and she has started an education in architecture and urban planning .
And now she ’s unsure – that is what she tells me – if her study is right for her or if she had better switch to the course her friends are on .
I ask her , what would your situation be like if - and try to imagine that this scenario is real - so , how would the whole situation look if your two friends did n’t exist , they are not a part of your life , they ’re gone , erased from your consciousness ?
If that were so , would you still consider switching to the Sanitation and Food program or would you stay on the course you have chosen - at least for a while so that you have a chance to get to know the course ?
The girl said that she was actually quite interested in architecture , and today was her first day on the course and her impression of it was pretty good .
So if her friends did n’t exist she 'd probably , she said , stay on the course - at least for now .
She could always switch courses if she found out later that she ’d rather be on the course her friends had chosen .
I said , well , there you have your answer .
Stay where you are – stick with the decision you have made – that will be best for all three parties .
Something I noticed in connection with the project , and which was fantastic to experience , was people ’s willingness to take courage and involve a complete stranger – me – in their personal reflections on where they were in life at the moment .
Something else that was interesting to experience in relation to the project was that during the week I , who had no precondition ( at least not a technical one ) to bring strangers on the right track , rose to the challenge to such a degree that I could barely recognize myself Friday afternoon .
There was something larger going on , something I had only a small part in .
I ’m talking about the energy that occurs when two or more people move forward together in a shared attempt to become more conscious .
It was quite an amazing experience .
Thank you to Marc Horowitz ( ineedtostopsoon.com ) who inspired me to do the project .
About 50 people contacted me during that week , and the talks I had with them lasted from ten minutes to one and a half hours , if you leave out the black woman who quickly stopped and asked me the question :
Should I marry him or not ?
and who disappeared again , laughing , without waiting for an answer .
The issues that people came to me for guidance on were primarily existential issues .
I think my life is off course , what should I do ?
That type of question .
There were five or ten people who wanted to know what my background was to provide guidance on everything , and I told them I work as a photographer and that I had no precondition apart from a desire to try , together with the person seeking advice , to become more aware of how his or her problem could be solved .
Furthermore , I said , my experience was that people often know what is wrong in their lives and that simple questions from an outsider can help provide clarity in relation to the problem .
An example of what happened during the week :
Three young Muslim girls come up to me , they are teasing each other , joking , they ’re obviously a little uncertain about the situation .
One of the girls starts talking to me , the two other girls move a little away .
The girl tells me that today she and her two friends started at the same school , but her two friends have started training with a focus on Sanitation and Food and she has started an education in architecture and urban planning .
And now she ’s unsure – that is what she tells me – if her study is right for her or if she had better switch to the course her friends are on .
I ask her , what would your situation be like if - and try to imagine that this scenario is real - so , how would the whole situation look if your two friends did n’t exist , they are not a part of your life , they ’re gone , erased from your consciousness ?
If that were so , would you still consider switching to the Sanitation and Food program or would you stay on the course you have chosen - at least for a while so that you have a chance to get to know the course ?
The girl said that she was actually quite interested in architecture , and today was her first day on the course and her impression of it was pretty good .
So if her friends did n’t exist she 'd probably , she said , stay on the course - at least for now .
She could always switch courses if she found out later that she ’d rather be on the course her friends had chosen .
I said , well , there you have your answer .
Stay where you are – stick with the decision you have made – that will be best for all three parties .
Something I noticed in connection with the project , and which was fantastic to experience , was people ’s willingness to take courage and involve a complete stranger – me – in their personal reflections on where they were in life at the moment .
Something else that was interesting to experience in relation to the project was that during the week I , who had no precondition ( at least not a technical one ) to bring strangers on the right track , rose to the challenge to such a degree that I could barely recognize myself Friday afternoon .
There was something larger going on , something I had only a small part in .
I ’m talking about the energy that occurs when two or more people move forward together in a shared attempt to become more conscious .
It was quite an amazing experience .
Thank you to Marc Horowitz ( ineedtostopsoon.com ) who inspired me to do the project .
About 50 people contacted me during that week , and the talks I had with them lasted from ten minutes to one and a half hours , if you leave out the black woman who quickly stopped and asked me the question :
Should I marry him or not ?
and who disappeared again , laughing , without waiting for an answer .
The issues that people came to me for guidance on were primarily existential issues .
I think my life is off course , what should I do ?
That type of question .
There were five or ten people who wanted to know what my background was to provide guidance on everything , and I told them I work as a photographer and that I had no precondition apart from a desire to try , together with the person seeking advice , to become more aware of how his or her problem could be solved .
Furthermore , I said , my experience was that people often know what is wrong in their lives and that simple questions from an outsider can help provide clarity in relation to the problem .
An example of what happened during the week :
Three young Muslim girls come up to me , they are teasing each other , joking , they ’re obviously a little uncertain about the situation .
One of the girls starts talking to me , the two other girls move a little away .
The girl tells me that today she and her two friends started at the same school , but her two friends have started training with a focus on Sanitation and Food and she has started an education in architecture and urban planning .
And now she ’s unsure – that is what she tells me – if her study is right for her or if she had better switch to the course her friends are on .
I ask her , what would your situation be like if - and try to imagine that this scenario is real - so , how would the whole situation look if your two friends did n’t exist , they are not a part of your life , they ’re gone , erased from your consciousness ?
If that were so , would you still consider switching to the Sanitation and Food program or would you stay on the course you have chosen - at least for a while so that you have a chance to get to know the course ?
The girl said that she was actually quite interested in architecture , and today was her first day on the course and her impression of it was pretty good .
So if her friends did n’t exist she 'd probably , she said , stay on the course - at least for now .
She could always switch courses if she found out later that she ’d rather be on the course her friends had chosen .
I said , well , there you have your answer .
Stay where you are – stick with the decision you have made – that will be best for all three parties .
Something I noticed in connection with the project , and which was fantastic to experience , was people ’s willingness to take courage and involve a complete stranger – me – in their personal reflections on where they were in life at the moment .
Something else that was interesting to experience in relation to the project was that during the week I , who had no precondition ( at least not a technical one ) to bring strangers on the right track , rose to the challenge to such a degree that I could barely recognize myself Friday afternoon .
There was something larger going on , something I had only a small part in .
I ’m talking about the energy that occurs when two or more people move forward together in a shared attempt to become more conscious .
It was quite an amazing experience .
Thank you to Marc Horowitz ( ineedtostopsoon.com ) who inspired me to do the project .
About 50 people contacted me during that week , and the talks I had with them lasted from ten minutes to one and a half hours , if you leave out the black woman who quickly stopped and asked me the question :
Should I marry him or not ?
and who disappeared again , laughing , without waiting for an answer .
The issues that people came to me for guidance on were primarily existential issues .
I think my life is off course , what should I do ?
That type of question .
There were five or ten people who wanted to know what my background was to provide guidance on everything , and I told them I work as a photographer and that I had no precondition apart from a desire to try , together with the person seeking advice , to become more aware of how his or her problem could be solved .
Furthermore , I said , my experience was that people often know what is wrong in their lives and that simple questions from an outsider can help provide clarity in relation to the problem .
An example of what happened during the week :
Three young Muslim girls come up to me , they are teasing each other , joking , they ’re obviously a little uncertain about the situation .
One of the girls starts talking to me , the two other girls move a little away .
The girl tells me that today she and her two friends started at the same school , but her two friends have started training with a focus on Sanitation and Food and she has started an education in architecture and urban planning .
And now she ’s unsure – that is what she tells me – if her study is right for her or if she had better switch to the course her friends are on .
I ask her , what would your situation be like if - and try to imagine that this scenario is real - so , how would the whole situation look if your two friends did n’t exist , they are not a part of your life , they ’re gone , erased from your consciousness ?
If that were so , would you still consider switching to the Sanitation and Food program or would you stay on the course you have chosen - at least for a while so that you have a chance to get to know the course ?
The girl said that she was actually quite interested in architecture , and today was her first day on the course and her impression of it was pretty good .
So if her friends did n’t exist she 'd probably , she said , stay on the course - at least for now .
She could always switch courses if she found out later that she ’d rather be on the course her friends had chosen .
I said , well , there you have your answer .
Stay where you are – stick with the decision you have made – that will be best for all three parties .
Something I noticed in connection with the project , and which was fantastic to experience , was people ’s willingness to take courage and involve a complete stranger – me – in their personal reflections on where they were in life at the moment .
Something else that was interesting to experience in relation to the project was that during the week I , who had no precondition ( at least not a technical one ) to bring strangers on the right track , rose to the challenge to such a degree that I could barely recognize myself Friday afternoon .
There was something larger going on , something I had only a small part in .
I ’m talking about the energy that occurs when two or more people move forward together in a shared attempt to become more conscious .
It was quite an amazing experience .
Thank you to Marc Horowitz ( ineedtostopsoon.com ) who inspired me to do the project .
About 50 people contacted me during that week , and the talks I had with them lasted from ten minutes to one and a half hours , if you leave out the black woman who quickly stopped and asked me the question :
Should I marry him or not ?
and who disappeared again , laughing , without waiting for an answer .
The issues that people came to me for guidance on were primarily existential issues .
I think my life is off course , what should I do ?
That type of question .
There were five or ten people who wanted to know what my background was to provide guidance on everything , and I told them I work as a photographer and that I had no precondition apart from a desire to try , together with the person seeking advice , to become more aware of how his or her problem could be solved .
Furthermore , I said , my experience was that people often know what is wrong in their lives and that simple questions from an outsider can help provide clarity in relation to the problem .
An example of what happened during the week :
Three young Muslim girls come up to me , they are teasing each other , joking , they ’re obviously a little uncertain about the situation .
One of the girls starts talking to me , the two other girls move a little away .
The girl tells me that today she and her two friends started at the same school , but her two friends have started training with a focus on Sanitation and Food and she has started an education in architecture and urban planning .
And now she ’s unsure – that is what she tells me – if her study is right for her or if she had better switch to the course her friends are on .
I ask her , what would your situation be like if - and try to imagine that this scenario is real - so , how would the whole situation look if your two friends did n’t exist , they are not a part of your life , they ’re gone , erased from your consciousness ?
If that were so , would you still consider switching to the Sanitation and Food program or would you stay on the course you have chosen - at least for a while so that you have a chance to get to know the course ?
The girl said that she was actually quite interested in architecture , and today was her first day on the course and her impression of it was pretty good .
So if her friends did n’t exist she 'd probably , she said , stay on the course - at least for now .
She could always switch courses if she found out later that she ’d rather be on the course her friends had chosen .
I said , well , there you have your answer .
Stay where you are – stick with the decision you have made – that will be best for all three parties .
Something I noticed in connection with the project , and which was fantastic to experience , was people ’s willingness to take courage and involve a complete stranger – me – in their personal reflections on where they were in life at the moment .
Something else that was interesting to experience in relation to the project was that during the week I , who had no precondition ( at least not a technical one ) to bring strangers on the right track , rose to the challenge to such a degree that I could barely recognize myself Friday afternoon .
There was something larger going on , something I had only a small part in .
I ’m talking about the energy that occurs when two or more people move forward together in a shared attempt to become more conscious .
It was quite an amazing experience .
Thank you to Marc Horowitz ( ineedtostopsoon.com ) who inspired me to do the project .
About 50 people contacted me during that week , and the talks I had with them lasted from ten minutes to one and a half hours , if you leave out the black woman who quickly stopped and asked me the question :
Should I marry him or not ?
and who disappeared again , laughing , without waiting for an answer .
The issues that people came to me for guidance on were primarily existential issues .
I think my life is off course , what should I do ?
That type of question .
There were five or ten people who wanted to know what my background was to provide guidance on everything , and I told them I work as a photographer and that I had no precondition apart from a desire to try , together with the person seeking advice , to become more aware of how his or her problem could be solved .
Furthermore , I said , my experience was that people often know what is wrong in their lives and that simple questions from an outsider can help provide clarity in relation to the problem .
An example of what happened during the week :
Three young Muslim girls come up to me , they are teasing each other , joking , they ’re obviously a little uncertain about the situation .
One of the girls starts talking to me , the two other girls move a little away .
The girl tells me that today she and her two friends started at the same school , but her two friends have started training with a focus on Sanitation and Food and she has started an education in architecture and urban planning .
And now she ’s unsure – that is what she tells me – if her study is right for her or if she had better switch to the course her friends are on .
I ask her , what would your situation be like if - and try to imagine that this scenario is real - so , how would the whole situation look if your two friends did n’t exist , they are not a part of your life , they ’re gone , erased from your consciousness ?
If that were so , would you still consider switching to the Sanitation and Food program or would you stay on the course you have chosen - at least for a while so that you have a chance to get to know the course ?
The girl said that she was actually quite interested in architecture , and today was her first day on the course and her impression of it was pretty good .
So if her friends did n’t exist she 'd probably , she said , stay on the course - at least for now .
She could always switch courses if she found out later that she ’d rather be on the course her friends had chosen .
I said , well , there you have your answer .
Stay where you are – stick with the decision you have made – that will be best for all three parties .
Something I noticed in connection with the project , and which was fantastic to experience , was people ’s willingness to take courage and involve a complete stranger – me – in their personal reflections on where they were in life at the moment .
Something else that was interesting to experience in relation to the project was that during the week I , who had no precondition ( at least not a technical one ) to bring strangers on the right track , rose to the challenge to such a degree that I could barely recognize myself Friday afternoon .
There was something larger going on , something I had only a small part in .
I ’m talking about the energy that occurs when two or more people move forward together in a shared attempt to become more conscious .
It was quite an amazing experience .
Thank you to Marc Horowitz ( ineedtostopsoon.com ) who inspired me to do the project .
About 50 people contacted me during that week , and the talks I had with them lasted from ten minutes to one and a half hours , if you leave out the black woman who quickly stopped and asked me the question :
Should I marry him or not ?
and who disappeared again , laughing , without waiting for an answer .
The issues that people came to me for guidance on were primarily existential issues .
I think my life is off course , what should I do ?
That type of question .
There were five or ten people who wanted to know what my background was to provide guidance on everything , and I told them I work as a photographer and that I had no precondition apart from a desire to try , together with the person seeking advice , to become more aware of how his or her problem could be solved .
Furthermore , I said , my experience was that people often know what is wrong in their lives and that simple questions from an outsider can help provide clarity in relation to the problem .
An example of what happened during the week :
Three young Muslim girls come up to me , they are teasing each other , joking , they ’re obviously a little uncertain about the situation .
One of the girls starts talking to me , the two other girls move a little away .
The girl tells me that today she and her two friends started at the same school , but her two friends have started training with a focus on Sanitation and Food and she has started an education in architecture and urban planning .
And now she ’s unsure – that is what she tells me – if her study is right for her or if she had better switch to the course her friends are on .
I ask her , what would your situation be like if - and try to imagine that this scenario is real - so , how would the whole situation look if your two friends did n’t exist , they are not a part of your life , they ’re gone , erased from your consciousness ?
If that were so , would you still consider switching to the Sanitation and Food program or would you stay on the course you have chosen - at least for a while so that you have a chance to get to know the course ?
The girl said that she was actually quite interested in architecture , and today was her first day on the course and her impression of it was pretty good .
So if her friends did n’t exist she 'd probably , she said , stay on the course - at least for now .
She could always switch courses if she found out later that she ’d rather be on the course her friends had chosen .
I said , well , there you have your answer .
Stay where you are – stick with the decision you have made – that will be best for all three parties .
Something I noticed in connection with the project , and which was fantastic to experience , was people ’s willingness to take courage and involve a complete stranger – me – in their personal reflections on where they were in life at the moment .
Something else that was interesting to experience in relation to the project was that during the week I , who had no precondition ( at least not a technical one ) to bring strangers on the right track , rose to the challenge to such a degree that I could barely recognize myself Friday afternoon .
There was something larger going on , something I had only a small part in .
I ’m talking about the energy that occurs when two or more people move forward together in a shared attempt to become more conscious .
It was quite an amazing experience .
Thank you to Marc Horowitz ( ineedtostopsoon.com ) who inspired me to do the project .
About 50 people contacted me during that week , and the talks I had with them lasted from ten minutes to one and a half hours , if you leave out the black woman who quickly stopped and asked me the question :
Should I marry him or not ?
and who disappeared again , laughing , without waiting for an answer .
The issues that people came to me for guidance on were primarily existential issues .
I think my life is off course , what should I do ?
That type of question .
There were five or ten people who wanted to know what my background was to provide guidance on everything , and I told them I work as a photographer and that I had no precondition apart from a desire to try , together with the person seeking advice , to become more aware of how his or her problem could be solved .
Furthermore , I said , my experience was that people often know what is wrong in their lives and that simple questions from an outsider can help provide clarity in relation to the problem .
An example of what happened during the week :
Three young Muslim girls come up to me , they are teasing each other , joking , they ’re obviously a little uncertain about the situation .
One of the girls starts talking to me , the two other girls move a little away .
The girl tells me that today she and her two friends started at the same school , but her two friends have started training with a focus on Sanitation and Food and she has started an education in architecture and urban planning .
And now she ’s unsure – that is what she tells me – if her study is right for her or if she had better switch to the course her friends are on .
I ask her , what would your situation be like if - and try to imagine that this scenario is real - so , how would the whole situation look if your two friends did n’t exist , they are not a part of your life , they ’re gone , erased from your consciousness ?
If that were so , would you still consider switching to the Sanitation and Food program or would you stay on the course you have chosen - at least for a while so that you have a chance to get to know the course ?
The girl said that she was actually quite interested in architecture , and today was her first day on the course and her impression of it was pretty good .
So if her friends did n’t exist she 'd probably , she said , stay on the course - at least for now .
She could always switch courses if she found out later that she ’d rather be on the course her friends had chosen .
I said , well , there you have your answer .
Stay where you are – stick with the decision you have made – that will be best for all three parties .
Something I noticed in connection with the project , and which was fantastic to experience , was people ’s willingness to take courage and involve a complete stranger – me – in their personal reflections on where they were in life at the moment .
Something else that was interesting to experience in relation to the project was that during the week I , who had no precondition ( at least not a technical one ) to bring strangers on the right track , rose to the challenge to such a degree that I could barely recognize myself Friday afternoon .
There was something larger going on , something I had only a small part in .
I ’m talking about the energy that occurs when two or more people move forward together in a shared attempt to become more conscious .
It was quite an amazing experience .
Thank you to Marc Horowitz ( ineedtostopsoon.com ) who inspired me to do the project .
About 50 people contacted me during that week , and the talks I had with them lasted from ten minutes to one and a half hours , if you leave out the black woman who quickly stopped and asked me the question :
Should I marry him or not ?
and who disappeared again , laughing , without waiting for an answer .
The issues that people came to me for guidance on were primarily existential issues .
I think my life is off course , what should I do ?
That type of question .
There were five or ten people who wanted to know what my background was to provide guidance on everything , and I told them I work as a photographer and that I had no precondition apart from a desire to try , together with the person seeking advice , to become more aware of how his or her problem could be solved .
Furthermore , I said , my experience was that people often know what is wrong in their lives and that simple questions from an outsider can help provide clarity in relation to the problem .
An example of what happened during the week :
Three young Muslim girls come up to me , they are teasing each other , joking , they ’re obviously a little uncertain about the situation .
One of the girls starts talking to me , the two other girls move a little away .
The girl tells me that today she and her two friends started at the same school , but her two friends have started training with a focus on Sanitation and Food and she has started an education in architecture and urban planning .
And now she ’s unsure – that is what she tells me – if her study is right for her or if she had better switch to the course her friends are on .
I ask her , what would your situation be like if - and try to imagine that this scenario is real - so , how would the whole situation look if your two friends did n’t exist , they are not a part of your life , they ’re gone , erased from your consciousness ?
If that were so , would you still consider switching to the Sanitation and Food program or would you stay on the course you have chosen - at least for a while so that you have a chance to get to know the course ?
The girl said that she was actually quite interested in architecture , and today was her first day on the course and her impression of it was pretty good .
So if her friends did n’t exist she 'd probably , she said , stay on the course - at least for now .
She could always switch courses if she found out later that she ’d rather be on the course her friends had chosen .
I said , well , there you have your answer .
Stay where you are – stick with the decision you have made – that will be best for all three parties .
Something I noticed in connection with the project , and which was fantastic to experience , was people ’s willingness to take courage and involve a complete stranger – me – in their personal reflections on where they were in life at the moment .
Something else that was interesting to experience in relation to the project was that during the week I , who had no precondition ( at least not a technical one ) to bring strangers on the right track , rose to the challenge to such a degree that I could barely recognize myself Friday afternoon .
There was something larger going on , something I had only a small part in .
I ’m talking about the energy that occurs when two or more people move forward together in a shared attempt to become more conscious .
It was quite an amazing experience .
Thank you to Marc Horowitz ( ineedtostopsoon.com ) who inspired me to do the project .
About 50 people contacted me during that week , and the talks I had with them lasted from ten minutes to one and a half hours , if you leave out the black woman who quickly stopped and asked me the question :
Should I marry him or not ?
and who disappeared again , laughing , without waiting for an answer .
The issues that people came to me for guidance on were primarily existential issues .
I think my life is off course , what should I do ?
That type of question .
There were five or ten people who wanted to know what my background was to provide guidance on everything , and I told them I work as a photographer and that I had no precondition apart from a desire to try , together with the person seeking advice , to become more aware of how his or her problem could be solved .
Furthermore , I said , my experience was that people often know what is wrong in their lives and that simple questions from an outsider can help provide clarity in relation to the problem .
An example of what happened during the week :
Three young Muslim girls come up to me , they are teasing each other , joking , they ’re obviously a little uncertain about the situation .
One of the girls starts talking to me , the two other girls move a little away .
The girl tells me that today she and her two friends started at the same school , but her two friends have started training with a focus on Sanitation and Food and she has started an education in architecture and urban planning .
And now she ’s unsure – that is what she tells me – if her study is right for her or if she had better switch to the course her friends are on .
I ask her , what would your situation be like if - and try to imagine that this scenario is real - so , how would the whole situation look if your two friends did n’t exist , they are not a part of your life , they ’re gone , erased from your consciousness ?
If that were so , would you still consider switching to the Sanitation and Food program or would you stay on the course you have chosen - at least for a while so that you have a chance to get to know the course ?
The girl said that she was actually quite interested in architecture , and today was her first day on the course and her impression of it was pretty good .
So if her friends did n’t exist she 'd probably , she said , stay on the course - at least for now .
She could always switch courses if she found out later that she ’d rather be on the course her friends had chosen .
I said , well , there you have your answer .
Stay where you are – stick with the decision you have made – that will be best for all three parties .
Something I noticed in connection with the project , and which was fantastic to experience , was people ’s willingness to take courage and involve a complete stranger – me – in their personal reflections on where they were in life at the moment .
Something else that was interesting to experience in relation to the project was that during the week I , who had no precondition ( at least not a technical one ) to bring strangers on the right track , rose to the challenge to such a degree that I could barely recognize myself Friday afternoon .
There was something larger going on , something I had only a small part in .
I ’m talking about the energy that occurs when two or more people move forward together in a shared attempt to become more conscious .
It was quite an amazing experience .
Thank you to Marc Horowitz ( ineedtostopsoon.com ) who inspired me to do the project .
While the press is hyperventilating over NASA GISS recent announcement of the “ Hottest Decade Ever “ , it pays to keep in mind what happened the last two years of the past decade .
According to NCDC , 2009 temperatures in the US ( 53.13 F ) were the 33rd warmest and very close to the long term mean of 52.86 F .
Generated from http://www.ncdc.noaa.gov/oa/climate/research/cag3/na.html
Since 1998 , according to NCDC ’s own figures , temperatures in the US have been dropping at a rate of more than 10 degrees F per century .
Generated from http://www.ncdc.noaa.gov/oa/climate/research/cag3/na.html
For 2009 , all regions of the US were normal or below normal except for the southwest and Florida .
NCDC Statewide Rankings
Temperatures in Alaska were also slightly below the long term mean .
Three of the last four years have seen below normal temperatures in Alaska .
A few fond memories from 2009 :
Americans suffer record cold as temperatures plunge to - 40 16th January 2009
Jul 28 , 2009 Chicago Sees Coldest July In 67 Years
Aug 31 , 2009 August Ends With Near - Record Cold
Oct 14 , 2009 October Cold Snap Sets 82 - Year Record
And my personal favorite :
From : Kevin Trenberth < trenbert@xxxxxxxxx.xxx >
To : Michael Mann < mann@xxxxxxxxx.xxx >
Subject : Re : BBC U - turn on climate
Date : Mon , 12 Oct 2009 08:57:37 - 0600
Cc : Stephen H Schneider < shs@xxxxxxxxx.xxx > , Myles Allen < allen@xxxxxxxxx.xxx > , peter stott < peter.stott@xxxxxxxxx.xxx > , “ Philip D. Jones ” < p.jones@xxxxxxxxx.xxx > , Benjamin Santer < santer1@xxxxxxxxx.xxx > , Tom Wigley < wigley@xxxxxxxxx.xxx > , Thomas R Karl < Thomas.R.Karl@xxxxxxxxx.xxx > , Gavin Schmidt < gschmidt@xxxxxxxxx.xxx > , James Hansen < jhansen@xxxxxxxxx.xxx > , Michael Oppenheimer < omichael@xxxxxxxxx.xxx >
Hi all
Well I have my own article on where the heck is global warming ?
We are asking that here in
Boulder where we have broken records the past two days for the coldest days on record .
We
had 4 inches of snow .
The high the last 2 days was below 30 F and the normal is 69 F , and it
smashed the previous records for these days by 10 F .
The low was about 18 F and also a
record low , well below the previous record low .
This is January weather ( see the Rockies
baseball playoff game was canceled on saturday and then played last night in below freezing
weather ) .
Trenberth , K. E. , 2009 : An imperative for climate change planning : tracking Earth ’s global
energy .
Current Opinion in Environmental Sustainability , 1 , 19 - 27 ,
doi:10.1016/j.cosust.2009.06.001 . [ 1 ]
[ PDF ]
( A PDF of the published version can be obtained
from the author . )
The fact is that we ca n’t account for the lack of warming at the moment and it is a
travesty that we can ’t .
The CERES data published in the August BAMS 09 supplement on 2008
shows there should be even
h/t to Steve Goddard
Sponsored IT training links :
If you want to pass 642- 533 exam quickly then download 70 - 236 questions and 70 -293 answers for practice and pass exam on first try .
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
This article is a comprehensive guide to every notable question on Lost given per episode as well as its answer .
" Self - Implied " denotes that the episode that raised a question itself already implied the answer , though fans may have missed it and continue to ask about it .
For a more general breakdown of the mysteries , see Portal : Mysteries .
Episode Questions and Answers
6x02
" What Kate Does " Why does Dogen have a baseball ?
It belonged to his son .
( " Sundown " )
What was the nature of Dogen 's test ?
Dogen states that the test told how the scale of good and evil is balanced in a person .
( " Sundown " )
It 's worth noting that Dogen was examining Sayid 's facial expressions when torturing him , inspecting his feelings .
Later on , Sayid exhibits " deadness " in his feelings at the height of his sickness .
( " Recon " ) ( " The Package " )
Why did n't Dogen have Sayid killed directly ?
It seems Dogen does not emotionally like to deal in death personally or order it through his people , due to having almost killed his son .
Therefore , he tries to manipulate Sayid to get killed on his own at the behest of outsiders .
( " Sundown " )
Is Kate really innocent in this reality ?
As this reality is a construct , it seems that her self - belief of her innocence is derived subconsciously from her belief that she did nothing wrong in murdering Wayne .
( Inferred from revelations about the sideways from " The End " )
It 's worth mentioning that supplementary material suggested that in this reality , the explosion Kate staged accidentally killed Wayne 's apprentice , and Wayne himself survived .
( " Comic Con 2009 " )
How has the sickness affected Claire 's nature ?
It has turned her insane and murderous .
( " Lighthouse " )
6x04
" Lighthouse " Who is David 's mother ?
Juliet .
( " The End " )
Who is coming to the Island ?
Widmore 's group , on submarine .
( " Dr. Linus " )
Why did Christian and the Monster tell Claire that the Others had her baby ?
He claims to have been giving her " someone to hate " as a helpful way to cope with her separation from Aaron . ( " Recon " )
However , as it is in fact he himself who separated her from Aaron , it seems was in fact claiming her for use against Jacob 's forces .
What is the significance of Dogen 's son ?
Dogen had gotten his son mortally wounded in a car accident .
Jacob offered to heal his son , but in exchange , Dogen had to take his position on the Island , and would never see his son again .
( " Sundown " )
What is it that Jack has to do , according to Jacob ?
Jack must become the protector long enough to sacrifice himself , defeating the Monster and saving the Island from destruction .
( " The End " )
Self - Implied
What is the nature of the lighthouse ?
Under Jacob 's orders , it was built by the Egyptians ( as indicated by the hieroglyphics ) , and was used to guide ships to the Island , and later repurposed by Jacob to watch the candidates in the mirror .
Jacob seems to have endowed it with some electromagnetic or spacetime power , as the mirror is drawing light from around the world .
Also , as Jack seems to suggest in the episode , it seems they had to be looking for it in order to find it , thereby keeping its existence long undiscovered .
6x05
" Sundown " Is the Monster " evil incarnate " ?
No .
He , in fact , seems to have been a decent human being initially , but being turned into the Monster and being trapped for eons has eroded his moral character .
( " Across the Sea " )
Can Sayid and Claire be redeemed from the sickness ?
Yes .
With the proper enlightenment or kindness , it seems they can be drawn back to their old selves .
( " The Last Recruit " )
How can the Monster be killed or stopped ?
The only known way is to transform him back into a mortal human .
( " The End " )
Did Sayid refer to Nadia or Shannon 's death ?
Ambiguous .
While he spent a lot of his flash - sideways life with Nadia , it seems that he ultimately needed Shannon to move on .
( " The End " )
How can the Monster enable Sayid to see her again ?
He can't .
He is simply manipulating Sayid to his side , long enough so he can kill him himself .
( " The Candidate " )
Why was Keamy 's group mobsters instead of soldiers ?
As the flash - sideways is created by the needs of the people 's collective subconscious and brings together the people from the most important times of their lives , it seems that familiar antagonists from the original lives were orchestrated together , enabling Sayid to come to terms with his choice for murder , as well as for Sun and Jin to later overcome Mr. Paik 's influence over their lives .
( " The Package " )
Why was Jin being held in the freezer ?
Keamy had been hired by Mr. Paik to kill Jin for his involvement with Sun , but first needed to get the money that had been taken at customs at LAX .
( " The Package " )
Will the spring raise Dogen and Lennon again with the sickness ?
It seems not .
( " Season 6 " )
It seems that the spring may be selective in who it does or does n't raise , relative to the will of Jacob or the Island .
( Retrospect : " Dead Is Dead " )
However , in the case of the tainted pool , it seems likely that the Monster controls it , and so did n't raise Dogen or Lennon , knowing he could n't turn them to his side .
( Inference )
Self - Implied
Why did Dogen ask Sayid to kill the Man in Black before he spoke ?
There is no actual magical binding power here , but rather Dogen was hoping the Monster would kill Sayid in retaliation .
When Sayid accused Dogen of this , he responded in silence , which seems to confirm this .
The Man in Black had also previously attempted to trick Ricardo into killing Jacob in the same manner , stabbing him with the same knife before he could speak .
As the Man in Black later conceded , Jacob is " very persuasive " .
( " Ab Aeterno " )
How did Dogen 's death make the Temple accessible for the Monster ?
This is likely another one of Jacob 's rules .
Interestingly , it seems that the Monster was able to cross over the ash into the Temple following Dogen 's death , which may suggest that the ash can be crossed if the person or representative person inside is killed .
6x06
" Dr. Linus " Why does the Monster want to leave Ben in charge of the Island ?
He does n't .
He only wants to get Ben on his side , but intends to destroy the Island .
( " The End " )
Why is the Monster leading his group to the Hydra ?
He intends to get everyone on the Ajira plane .
( " Recon " )
How did Widmore get back to the Island ?
Jacob gave him an invitation back to the Island , giving him the coordinates to find it .
( " What They Died For " )
What is Widmore 's mission ?
Widmore is heading to dock to Hydra Island in orderto form a defensive against the Monster , ( " Recon " ) and bring Desmond back for Jacob 's purposes .
( " The Package " ) ( " What They Died For " )
6x07
" Recon " Where is Anthony Cooper in the flash - sideways ?
He is in a nursing home , in a vegetative state .
( " The Candidate " )
Who killed the Ajira survivors ?
Ambiguous .
According to disputed canon , Widmore 's people slaughtered them .
( " Lost Encyclopedia " )
The Monster may have done so , as per his previously hinted intentions .
( " The Incident " ) Though it 's not clear when he would have had an opportunity to do so .
Who was the Monster 's mother ?
She was his surrogate mother , who took him after murdering his biological mother .
She raised him to be fearful and avoiding of the outside world , though was very deceptive , secretive , and manipulative .
When he later vowed to leave her behind , she destroyed his means of escape and destroyed the community of people he had begun to live with .
( " Across the Sea " )
What is Zoe 's position among Widmore 's group ?
She is a geophysicist brought to search for the Island 's electromagnetic hotspots , and also Widmore 's second in command .
( " The Package " )
Why is Widmore geared for conflict against the Monster ?
Widmore is securing the Ajira plane , trying to keep the Monster from escaping the Island .
( " The Package " )
Why does n't Widmore 's group appear to be as militarized as the freighter ?
Widmore claims that Jacob had " convinced him of the error of his ways " after the freighter 's destruction .
So Jacob 's invitation to Widmore back to the Island likely entailed a group lighter on warfare .
( " What They Died For " )
What is inside the locked room in the submarine ?
Desmond .
( " The Package " )
Will Widmore really honor his agreement with Sawyer ?
No , he intends to capture Sawyer and the other candidates .
( " The Last Recruit " )
6x08
" Ab Aeterno " How did Ilana recover in the hospital so quickly ?
Unanswered .
According to disputed canon , Jacob touched Ilana and healed her burns .
( " ABC Recap : Ab Aeterno " )
This was not seen occurring in the episode on - screen , though it may have been in a cut scene .
What is it that Jacob said Richard would know to do next ?
As Richard realized through his flashback recollection and his conversation with Hurley and Isabella , the survivors must stop the Monster from leaving the Island in order to stop hell from breaking out against mankind .
( " The Package " )
Of course , Richard 's chosen choice of action to stop the Man in Black ( the use of explosives ) is quickly rejected by the group .
( " Everybody Loves Hugo " )
Richard himself later changes his mind and decides to fly the plane off the Island with Lapidus 's help instead .
( " The End " )
While this does not seem to impact the Man in Black 's final path of escape ( via sailboat ) , Jacob nonetheless may have intended Richard to get the Ajira plane functioning so that the remaining candidates could fulfill their choice of leaving the Island .
How did Jacob betray the Monster and take his body and humanity ?
He threw him into the Heart of the Island , causing his consciousness to be stripped away from his body and fused with some of the Light , turning him into the Monster .
Why did Jacob want to prove mankind can be redeemed ?
This personal quest seems to have begun with his disagreements in his early life with both Mother and the Man in Black .
The former , out of her own beliefs , tried to indoctrinate them both into fearing mankind .
Jacob grew skeptical of her claims , and felt that humanity " did n't seem so bad " when watching them from afar .
His personal quest to prove mankind 's goodness was also likely influenced out of his own failings in turning the Man in Black into the Monster .
( " Across the Sea " )
Why is the Monster cynical about mankind ?
He came to agree with Mother 's belief , out of his own personal experience living among humans .
It was also likely influenced by his suffering experienced at the hands of Mother and later Jacob .
( " Across the Sea " )
How does the Island keep " hell " " corked " ?
This seems to be partly a symbolic metaphor for preventing mankind 's universal death .
The " cork " Jacob speaks of is a veiled reference to the cork - like drain plug at the Heart of the Island , which sustains the flow of the Light and contains destructive volcanic activity .
( " The End " )
If the Light were to be extinguished and the Island destroyed , this would result in humanity 's death .
( " Across the Sea " )
How will the Monster 's escape unleash " hell " onto the world ?
The Monster is physically connected to the Light at the Heart of the Island .
( " Across the Sea " ) His escape from the Island entails that he must uncork the Light in order to sever his connection and be free , with humanity soon dying as a consequence .
( " The End " )
It seems that the writers at one time may have intended for the death of humanity to be brought on by a globally cataclysmic volcanic eruption , as hinted in their comments in an interview .
For budgetary purposes , the volcano 's presence had to be minimized in the finale , but this idea is still worth pondering in interpretation .
| Lost Volcano Alternative Ending
Self - Implied
What is the nature of Isabella 's appearance to Richard on the Black Rock ?
It was the Monster projecting her figure into the ship , as Jacob himself later hints in his argument with Ricardo .
( " Ab Aeterno - enhanced " )
6x09
" The Package " Why does the Monster need all the candidates to leave together ?
While he implies in this episode that this was influenced by the same methodology that brought them on the Ajira plane in the first place , Retrospect : ( " 316 " ) it seems that this is a lie .
What he really needs is for the candidates to be together in a confined location where he can instigate their deaths without their escape .
( " The Candidate " )
Why is Widmore looking for electromagnetic pockets on the Island ?
He is looking for the Heart of the Island , knowing he must take Desmond there for his unique resistance to electromagnetism , in order to stop the Monster .
( " What They Died For " ) ( " The End " )
Why did Widmore bring Desmond back to the Island ?
He was instructed to do so by Jacob , to use Desmond 's electromagnetic resistance as a " failsafe " , a last resort to stop the Monster .
( " What They Died For " )
6x10
" Happily Ever After " What was the nature of Desmond 's experience following the electromagnetic blast ?
It seems that Desmond 's consciousness was jolted through time again , as previously happened after turning the Swan 's failsafe .
This time , Desmond 's consciousness randomly glimpsed into his future constructed life after dying , the flash - sideways world , possibly as a result of the normally - lethal level of energy blasted at his head .
( Notably , Desmond does not experience a time jump later when entering the Heart of the Island , as only his feet stepped into the electromagnetism . )
( " The End " )
What is the nature of Charlie , Daniel , and Desmond 's glimpses into the original reality ?
It seems that extreme emotion and life - altering experiences in the flash - sideways are a trigger for the sideways characters to remember their original lives and original the persons they made the closest connections to .
It seems it 's often a gradual process , which may require continued emotional exposure before a character has fully awakened .
( " Everybody Loves Hugo " ) ( " The End " )
Is Eloise already aware of the original reality ?
Yes .
She is trying to stop Desmond from waking the other characters up , out of fear that Desmond will take Daniel , who she is trying to hold onto her relationship to , because of what happened in their original lives .
( " The End " )
What happened to Desmond after he made contact with Penny ?
He awoke to his life and full memory from the original reality .
( " Everybody Loves Hugo " )
How much does Widmore know about the flash - sideways world ?
He knows nothing .
He is not aware of Desmond 's newly - formed connection to the sideways world .
( " What They Died For " )
What is the nature of Desmond 's connection between the worlds ?
Desmond saw a glimpse into the sideways world , leading up to his sideways counterpart 's awakening with Penny .
This has invigorated the Island Desmond with a new serenity and optimism , though he is in fact not in sustained contact with the Sideways Desmond , and is n't any more clear on the nature of what 's really going on than anyone else .
On the flip side , the Sideways Desmond has now awakened and remembers what happened in the Island reality and what the nature of the sideways reality is , and so holds the key to getting the other 815 passengers ' purpose fulfilled in that reality .
( " The End " )
Why did Sayid spare Zoe ?
Sayid later states that he did n't see the point in killing her more after finding what he came for .
( " Everybody Loves Hugo " )
This is the first hint showing that some light still exists in Sayid 's personality , not extinguished by the sickness .
( " The Last Recruit " )
What is it that Desmond needs to " show " to the other Oceanic passengers ?
He is going to bring them together , wake them up , and show them the original reality , so they can all move on together .
( " Everybody Loves Hugo " ) ( " The Last Recruit " ) ( " What They Died For " ) ( " The End " )
6x11
" Everybody Loves Hugo "
What will the Monster use the stick he 's carving for ?
To smash the walkie - talkie Zoe will later give him .
( " The Last Recruit " )
Why did Desmond run down Locke ?
He was n't trying to hurt Locke , but rather trying to help him let go .
( " What They Died For " )
Self - Implied
Why did the Monster throw Desmond into the well ?
He felt threatened by Desmond , and threw him in to trap him there .
6x12
" The Last Recruit " In the flash - sideways , why did Sun seem distressed to see Locke ?
She was remembering the Man in Black in Locke 's form , who caused the deaths of both herself and Jin. ( " The Candidate " )
Did the Monster speaking to Jack cause him to be recruited ?
No .
Despite this being entertained throughout the season , it does n't seem that letting the Monster speak to you has any particular persuasive enchantment .
The characters all seem to resist the Monster fairly soon , including Claire herself .
( " The Candidate " ) ( " The End " )
Did Sayid really kill Desmond ?
No , he spared him .
( " The Candidate " )
6x13
" The Candidate " Did Cindy , Zack , and Emma escape the mortar attack ?
According to disputed canon , they did , and later on continued to help Hugo in his caretaking of the Island .
( " Lost Encyclopedia " )
Who planted the C4 in the Ajira plane ?
Widmore did , in order to stop the Monster .
Richard 's group had not yet collected their C4 .
( " What They Died For " )
Is there any more C4 in the plane ?
It seems not .
( " The End " )
Why does the Monster have to kill all the candidates to leave ?
According to the Monster himself , the rules are that he can't leave until the candidates are all dead .
( " Season 6 deleted scenes " )
It seems that this was initially necessary for him in order to reach the Heart of the Island .
( " The End " )
What is Lapidus 's fate ?
He survives , and later is found by Miles and Richard as he 's floating in the ocean with a life vest .
( " The End " )
Carlos Perez wishes now that he had burned his clothes instead of giving them away .
He thinks mostly about his shirt — white , and emblazoned with the image of a dying gang member .
“ It ’s hard to think now that someone else is wearing the shirt , thinking it ’s cool , ” Perez says as he contemplates a photograph taken of him in 2001 in his family ’s yard in the Guatemalan village of Magdalena Milpas Altas .
He was 18 then — a budding artist , but also a member of the 18th Street Gang , a violent , illicit Los Angeles - based group that has gained ground in Guatemala and El Salvador .
“ At the time , he really had a foot in both worlds , ” says Donna DeCesare , who took the photograph .
“ He was starting to do a lot of art , but he was active in the gang .
It was very clear he had n’t made up his mind which one he ’d go with . ”
DeCesare , 55 , a New York City native , has become internationally known for her work documenting the spread of U.S. gang culture to Central America .
She won awards for From Civil War to Gang War , a photographic project on Salvadoran refugees getting involved in Los Angeles gangs .
A multimedia sequel titled Hijos del Destino , or Destiny ’s Children , was scheduled to go up on the Internet last month .
“ When kids have any kind of pull toward gangs , often they ’ll say , ‘ I ’ll be dead soon , ’ ” she says .
“ But Carlos told me early on that he did n’t believe in destiny and thought life was more a matter of influence . ”
Perez ’s early life was influenced principally by poverty and the violence of Guatemala ’s 36 - year civil war , which ended in 1996 .
His father , he says , was an alcoholic ; his mother , Carmen , a midwife , raised their seven children .
She sent Perez to a school several hours away from their home so her brother , a Catholic priest there , could look after him .
Perez was 11 when , he says , masked gunmen murdered his teacher .
Gunmen also went after his uncle — Catholic clergy were suspected by the army of supporting the rebels — but he escaped and went into hiding .
Not long afterward , Perez returned to his mother ’s home .
Gradually , he sought safety in the brotherhood of gangsters .
At the same time , he stayed in school and maintained a close relationship with his mother .
“ He did n’t want her to know about the gang , so he never got the trademark tattoos , ” DeCesare says .
“ He really loved his mother a great deal , and I think she knew what he was up to , but it was never discussed . ”
Even now , Perez refuses to talk about what he did as a gang member .
In 2001 he met DeCesare , who spent a year photographing gangsters in and around Magdalena Milpas Altas .
“ There is an unwritten rule in gangs that you do n’t let yourself be photographed , ” Perez says .
“ But by the time Donna began photographing me , I ’d gotten to know and trust her .
She had seen some of the same [ violence ] I had . ”
Perez even helped her photograph members of rival gangs , avoiding the question of whether he was a gang member himself .
“ He ’d say , ‘ No , I ’m the photographer ’s assistant , ’ ” DeCesare says .
“ That was a real breakthrough . ”
Perez reached a turning point in 2002 , when his mother died of ovarian cancer .
“ My mother had a deep psychological impact on me , ” he says .
“ She saw a lot of extreme violence , a lot of death , because of the war .
When I look back on it , I think that she showed me that I can take violence and turn it into something positive . ”
He began easing himself out of the 18th Street Gang — which meant leaving its clothing , such as his white shirt , behind .
“ When I was trying to leave the gang and wore regular clothes , it made me feel so exposed , ” he says .
“ Sometimes I ’d put my gang shirt back on to feel safe . ”
Ultimately , he gave it away .
Meanwhile , DeCesare ’s picture of Perez appeared in a Guatemalan newspaper with an article highlighting his artwork .
At the time , his art was heavy on gang iconography and graffiti , but the story caught the attention of local United Nations officials .
Eventually , he won a commission from them to illustrate a series of textbooks .
Shortly after his mother died , Perez heard from a schoolmate that an Austrian art school was interested in having more students from Central America .
He launched an effort to get admitted and to organize his resources , including a scholarship , and in 2004 he enrolled in the Vienna Academy of Fine Arts , concentrating in painting .
He uses bold colors and large images , often of children .
“ I recognize in my art that I ’m processing a lot of violence , ” he says .
“ I do n’t overdramatize it , but I think it ’s there . ”
Perez has already had three shows in Austria ; he is working on another one while teaching a course in painting at an art school .
When he graduated from the academy , last June , some of his paintings were hanging in a juried exhibition of students ’ work .
Perez dedicated the exhibition to his mother ; DeCesare attended the ceremony as his guest .
He intends to stay in Vienna , where he is living with his German - born girlfriend .
He says he feels safe there .
Patti McCracken edited graphics for American newspapers for 15 years before moving to Europe .
She now lives in Vienna .
By Chris Harris
How much can you do in 27 minutes ?
If you 're Cesc Fabregas , that 's how long it takes you to come off the bench , galvanise your team , score two world - class goals and then limp off with a possible recurrence of the hamstring injury which delayed your introduction in the first place .
The captain 's magnificent cameo was bittersweet for Arsenal but it saw off Aston Villa in style .
Fabregas curled an exquisite free - kick into the top corner to give his side the lead after 65 minutes and rounded off a quickfire counter - attack with nine minutes left to secure a significant victory .
Abou Diaby iced the cake with a well - taken third in stoppage time to leave Arsene Wenger 's side four points behind Chelsea at the top of the Premier League - with an all - important game in hand .
Four short weeks ago Arsenal 's title challenge was seen by some as a joke .
After 13 points from a possible 15 , that same quest for the Premier League is deadly serious .
While Chelsea falter , the Gunners are flying .
Whether Fabregas ' injury is serious enough to clip their wings remains to be seen .
Before kick - off the gossip centred around the Spaniard .
Would he be fit to return after injury ?
The answer was , er... kind of .
The captain was deemed OK to take his place among the substitutes but not in the starting line - up .
We would have to wait for his heroics .
There were two changes on the pitch though , both at full - back : Bacary Sagna stepped in for Emmanuel Eboue while Armand Traore shrugged off a hamstring problem of his own to replace Mikael Silvestre .
It was a sign of Wenger 's respect for Villa that he gave this encounter the same billing as a traditional ‘ Big Four ' clash .
And no wonder .
Villa won here last November and have already beaten Chelsea , Manchester United and Liverpool this season .
While the visitors dreamed of completing a ‘ Grand Slam ' , this was a chance for Arsenal to put clear , blue water between them and Martin O'Neill 's side .
And there was an extra incentive : Chelsea 's latest stutter - a goalless draw at Birmingham - presented another chance to eat into their lead at the top of the table .
Villa 's counter - attacking was decisive on their last visit and that threat had to be quelled .
But Wenger still demanded the " audaciousness to attack " ahead of the game and his players granted their manager 's wish with a sprightly start .
An early free - kick from Samir Nasri caused consternation in the Villa box and Thomas Vermaelen tested Brad Friedel as the ball dropped beyond the far post .
Seconds later Diaby span past his marker on the edge of the box and squared for Eduardo .
The Croatian turned his own man expertly but his shot lacked power and direction .
It was the kind of chance a confident Eduardo would have snaffled but he was left holding his head in his hands while Wenger span with frustration on the touchline .
Arsenal pressed on .
Denilson fizzed an effort over the bar from 20 yards following a well - worked short corner between Eduardo and Nasri .
But Villa , having weathered the early storm , began to make inroads of their own .
Emile Heskey scuffed a shot wide in the 10th minute after his excellent knock down had been bundled back by Gabriel Agbonlahor .
Ashley Young saw a shot deflect off Bacary Sagna and loop agonisingly wide .
And Carlos Cuellar should have done better than slap his left - footed effort off target after the impressive James Milner picked him out on the edge of the box .
Pacy , muscular and disciplined , Villa looked proper top - four material .
But Arsenal soon hit back .
And with Andrey Arshavin on the periphery , Nasri and Diaby took the fight to Villa .
First Nasri clipped in a free - kick which Diaby rose to head just over .
Then their slick exchange in the 24th minute left Nasri in space inside the box but Stephen Warnock 's sliding challenge averted the threat .
And on the half - hour Denilson teed up Nasri for a dipping volley which took a deflection and looped just over the bar .
Moments later Diaby 's skill and persistence and Denilson 's tenacity earned a free - kick on the edge of the box .
The Brazilian dusted himself off to hammer a shot into Villa 's wall ; the ball fell into the path of Sagna and his howitzer whistled just over .
It was compelling stuff , and Arsenal were gaining the upper hand .
Their grip strengthened when Fabregas emerged from the bench 11 minutes into the second half .
His first contribution ?
A 40 - yard free kick which flew just over the bar .
The captain galvanised his team , not least Arshavin .
The diminutive duo were in tandem immediately as Fabregas picked out the Russian for a turn and shot which Brad Friedel did well to palm away .
That was solid keeping but a defensive mix - up almost cost Villa dear on the hour mark .
Arshavin set Eduardo away on the left and , as Luke Young waited for Friedel to claim , Fabregas nipped in .
He slipped the ball to Eduardo but the Croatian 's goal - bound shot was hacked clear by Cuellar .
With 25 minutes left , the deadlock was broken .
Fabregas won a free - kick 22 yards out after his jinking run was illegally halted by Richard Dunne .
The skipper picked himself up and curled an exquisite effort into the top left - hand corner with Friedel grasping at thin air .
Alex Song sliced a shot over the crossbar as Arsenal pressed on and another classic finish from Fabregas sealed the points nine minutes from time .
Traore arrowed a diagonal pass into the path of Theo Walcott on the right and the substitute slid the ball into the path of Fabregas , who had charged through the centre at full pelt .
He barely broke stride to slam a lot shot past Friedel and double Arsenal 's lead .
The Emirates erupted but , almost immediately , there was concern .
Fabregas was hobbling as he celebrated and , within four minutes , the Spaniard had been replaced by Aaron Ramsey .
It was a sad end to an extraordinary performance from the Arsenal captain .
He was the catalyst for a priceless victory ; his return can not come soon enough .
Not that Arsenal did badly in his absence .
Diaby , probably the game 's second most impressive performer , slotted home a fine goal of his own in stoppage time .
It capped an almost perfect day .
( Click for large ) .
Oh , those TSA agents are special alright .
Mary Kirby , aka Runway Girl , reports that one of the federal agents who showed up at travel writer Steven Frischling 's house to issue a subpoena and search his computer for the source of the agency 's leaked security directive flaked out and left his notebook lying in a public place .
Yes , a notebook with notes on the very important Department of Homeland Security investigation they were conducting .
No TSA response on this one yet .
Kirby blogs the photo above , and asks :
Would you define such a misstep as complete ineptitude ?
Would you wonder how the agency protects the information it gleans from other – more important – investigations ( you know , ones involving threats against our nation ) ?
Such tough questions !
These were the same agents who ( according to the Wired report ) showed up armed at Frischling 's home , told him " I do n't think you know how much trouble you 're in , " said they had to run to Wal - Mart to buy a hard drive to burn his MacBook contents to , came back and could n't figure out how to get that to work , then seized his hard drive and took off , returning it later in malfunctioning order after they 'd copied what they wanted .
Wonder what else was in the little notebook ( " created with pride by Americans who are blind . " )
Presumably , some directly identifying information which is not shown in the photos Kirby chose to publish .
Exclusive : TSA agent 's notebook discovered in public place ( flightglobal )
Men , Do n’t Forget : You Have Nipples
The photos below may be a little disturbing to some people , but they ’re a provide an important reminder :
Men , do n’t forget that you have nipples too .
For those who may be unfamiliar with this phenomenon , it is called male nipple chafing , or sometimes , the “ sad clown face ” .
The repeated abrasion between the skin and a wet shirt ( particularly cotton ) over thousands and thousands of strides eventually causes the below to happen .
It ’s completely preventable – band aids or a lubrication product called Body Glide will usually do the trick .
The payoff in budget savings would be small relative to the deficit :
The estimated $ 250 billion in savings over 10 years would be less than 3 percent of the roughly $ 9 trillion in additional deficits the government is expected to accumulate over that time .
The initiative holds political risks as well as potential benefits .
Because Mr. Obama plans to exempt military spending while leaving many popular domestic programs vulnerable , his move is certain to further anger liberals in his party and senior Democrats in Congress , who are already upset by the possible collapse of health care legislation and the troop buildup in Afghanistan , among other things .
Fiscally conservative Democrats in the House and Senate have urged Mr. Obama to support a freeze , and it would suggest to voters , Wall Street and other nations that the president is willing to make tough decisions at a time when the deficit and the national debt , in the view of many economists , have reached levels that undermine the nation ’s long - term prosperity .
Perceptions that government spending is out of control have contributed to Mr. Obama ’s loss of support among independent voters , and concern about the government ’s fiscal health could put upward pressure on the interest rates the United States has to pay to borrow money from investors and nations , especially China , that have been financing Washington ’s budget deficit .
Republicans were quick to mock the freeze proposal .
“ Given Washington Democrats ’ unprecedented spending binge , this is like announcing you ’re going on a diet after winning a pie-eating contest , ” said Michael Steel , a spokesman for the House Republican leader , Representative John A. Boehner of Ohio .
The spending reductions that would be required would have to be agreed to by Congress , and it is not clear how much support Mr. Obama will get in an election year when the political appeal of greater fiscal responsibility will be vying with the pressure to provide voters with more and better services .
The administration officials said the part of the budget they have singled out  $ 447 billion in domestic programs  amounts to a relatively small share , about one - eighth , of the overall federal budget .
Women with higher blood levels of PBDEs , a type of flame retardant commonly found in household consumer products , took longer to become pregnant compared with women who have lower levels of PBDEs , according to a new study by researchers at the University of California , Berkeley .
The study , to be published Jan. 26 in the journal Environmental Health Perspectives , found that each 10 - fold increase in the blood concentration of four PBDE chemicals was linked to a 30 percent decrease in the odds of becoming pregnant each month .
“ There have been numerous animal studies that have found a range of health effects from exposure to PBDEs , but very little research has been done in humans .
This latest paper is the first to address the impact on human fertility , and the results are surprisingly strong , ” said the study ’s lead author , Kim Harley , adjunct assistant professor of maternal and child health and associate director of the Center for Children ’s Environmental Health Research at UC Berkeley ’s School of Public Health .
“ These findings need to be replicated , but they have important implications for regulators . ”
PBDEs , or polybrominated diphenyl ethers , are a class of organobromine compounds that became commonplace after the 1970s when new fire safety standards were implemented in the United States .
The flame retardants are used in foam furniture , electronics , fabrics , carpets , plastics and other common items in the home .
Studies have found widespread contamination of house dust by PBDEs , which are known to leach out into the environment and accumulate in human fat cells .
Studies also suggest that 97 percent of U.S. residents have detectable levels of PBDEs in their blood , and that the levels in Americans are 20 times higher than in their European counterparts .
According to the researchers , residents in California are among those experiencing the highest exposures , most likely due to the state ’s relatively stringent flammability laws .
The researchers measured PBDE levels in blood samples from 223 pregnant women enrolled in a longitudinal study at the Center for the Health Assessment of Mothers and Children of Salinas ( CHAMACOS ) that examines environmental exposures and reproductive health .
The median concentrations of the four PBDE chemicals in the analysis were slightly lower in this study population than in the general U.S. population , possibly because many of the participants had grown up in Mexico where PBDE exposures are limited , said the authors of the study .
The median number of months it took to get pregnant was three , with 15 percent of the participants taking longer than 12 months to conceive .
When the analysis was limited to women who were actively trying to become pregnant , the researchers found that they were half as likely to conceive in any given month if they had high levels of PBDE in their blood .
“ We are n’t looking at infertility , just subfertility , because all the women in our study eventually became pregnant , ” said Harley .
“ Had we included infertile couples in our study , it is possible that we would have seen an even stronger effect from PBDE exposure . ”
It is not entirely clear how PBDEs might impact fertility .
A number of animal studies have found that PBDEs can impair neurodevelopment , reduce thyroid hormones , and alter levels of sex hormones .
Both high and low thyroid hormone levels can disrupt normal menstrual patterns in humans , but this study did not find a link between PBDE exposure and irregular menstrual cycles .
Because the participants were mostly young , Mexican immigrant women who lived in an agricultural community , the researchers controlled for exposure to pesticides in their analysis .
The researchers also controlled for other variables known to impact fertility , such as irregularity of menstrual cycles , frequency of intercourse , pre-pregnancy body mass index , use of birth control pills in the year before conception , smoking , and alcohol and caffeine consumption .
There are some 209 different possible formulations of PBDEs , but only three mixtures – pentaBDE , octaBDE and decaBDE – have been developed for commercial use as flame retardants .
The mixtures are distinguished by the average number of bromine atoms attached to each molecule .
Like many other studies , the most prevalent PBDEs in the blood of women participating in the UC Berkeley study were four components of the pentaBDE mixture .
Penta- and octaBDE have both been banned for use in several U.S. states , including California , but they are still present in products made before 2004 .
Last month , the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) announced an agreement with three major manufacturers of decaBDE to phase out its production by 2013 .
“ Although several types of PBDEs are being phased out in the United States , our exposure to the flame retardants is likely to continue for many years , ” said the study ’s principal investigator , Brenda Eskenazi , UC Berkeley professor of epidemiology and of maternal and child health at the School of Public Health .
“ PBDEs are present in many consumer products , and we know they leach out into our homes .
In our research , we have found that low - income children in California are exposed to very high levels of PBDEs , and this has us concerned about the next generation of Californians . ”
Keeping up with the ever - expanding range of chemicals in our environment is challenging , the researchers noted .
As PBDEs are being phased out , they are being replaced with other brominated compounds .
“ We know even less about the newer flame retardant chemicals that are coming out , ” said Harley .
“ We just do n’t have the human studies yet to show that they are safe . ”
A 2007 state assembly bill that would have banned all brominated and chlorinated chemical flame retardants from household furniture and bedding sold in California failed to pass .
Other co-authors of the study are Amy Marks , Jonathan Chevrier and Asa Bradman from the Center for Children ’s Environmental Health Research at UC Berkeley ’s School of Public Health ; and Andreas Sjödin from the National Center for Environmental Health at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) .
The National Institute of Environmental Health Science , the U.S. EPA and the CDC helped support this research .
Although changing social and cultural contexts mean guilt has less power today than it once did , a new study has shown that in the West this emotion is " significantly higher " among women .
The main problem , according to the experts , is not that women feel a lot of guilt ( which they do ) , but rather that many males feel " too little " .
" Our initial hypothesis was that feelings of guilt are more intense among females , not only among adolescents but also among young and adult women , and they also show the highest scores for interpersonal sensitivity " , Itziar Etxebarria , lead author of the study and a researcher at the University of the Basque Country ( UPV / EHU ) , tells SINC .
The research , published in the Spanish Journal of Psychology , was carried out using a sample from three age groups ( 156 teenagers , 96 young people and 108 adults ) equally divided between males and females .
The team of psychologists asked them what situations most often caused them to feel guilt .
They also carried out interpersonal sensitivity tests - the Davis Empathetic Concern Scale , and a questionnaire on Interpersonal Guilt , created purposely for this study .
When it came to comparing the measurements of intensity of habitual guilt of these groups , the researchers saw that this score was significantly higher for women , in all three age groups .
" This difference is particularly stark in the 40 - 50 - year - old age group " , points out Etxebarria .
The data also suggest that female teenagers and young women have higher scores than males of the same age .
" This is caused by certain educational practices , which demand more of females , and which are sometimes still in use despite belief to the contrary " , claims the scientist .
The authors also found gender differences - similar to those noted for habitual guilt - in the two indices of interpersonal sensitivity , although in the 40 - 50 age bracket the men 's levels came closer to women's .
The interpersonal sensitivity of men ( especially those aged between 25 - 33 ) is " comparatively low " .
The experts say a lack of sensitivity could lead to absence or excessive weakness of certain kinds of guilt , such as empathetic guilt , which could be beneficial for interpersonal relationships and for the individual .
Types of guilt
The most common forms of guilt are related to situations where we cause harm to others .
Stemming from this , it is normal that this arouses feelings of empathy for the people we may have harmed , which tend to turn into feelings of guilt when we recognise that we are responsible for their suffering .
A previous study , also headed by Itziar Etxebarria , analyses people 's experiences of guilt , differentiating two components - one of these being empathetic ( sorrow for the person we have harmed in some way ) and the other anxious - aggressive ( unease and contained aggression ) .
The anxious - aggressive kind of guilt is more common in people who have been raised in a more blame - imposing environment , and who are governed by stricter rules about behaviour in general and aggression in particular .
" It seems obvious that this component will be more intense among women , and especially in older women " , says Etxebarria .
The greater presence of this component among women , above all those aged between 40 and 50 , explains the marked differences in the intensity of habitual guilt in this age group , " just at the age when males move towards females in the two indices of interpersonal sensitivity analysed " , she explains .
" Educational practices and a whole range of socialising agents must be used to reduce the trend towards anxious - aggressive guilt among women and to strengthen interpersonal sensitivity among men " , concludes the researcher .
###
References : Etxebarria , I. , Ortiz , M. J. , Conejero , S. y Pascual , A . " Intensity of habitual guilt in men and women : Differences in interpersonal sensitivity and the tendency towards anxious - aggressive guilt " .
The Spanish Journal of Psychology , 12 ( 2 ) , 540 - 554 , noviembre de 2009 .
Terms of use
To encourage the use and re-use of this data we have wherever possible made the data within OpenGeoscience available under the Open Government Licence , subject to the following acknowledgement accompanying the reproduced BGS materials : “ Contains British Geological Survey materials ©UKRI [ year ] “ .
The terms of use for every product under OpenGeoscience are displayed clearly at the top of every page .
The Rusty Firebox is a Furnace Web site Owned by The Empire Family of Services , Plumbing , Heating , Air Conditioning and Electrical
This is certainly a biased web site and right off the top I ’d like to inform you that you should be investing in your home ’s heating and cooling system by calling us , The Empire Family of Services , Plumbing , Heating , Air Conditioning and Electrical .
But , we ’re not for everybody .
While our Customer Satisfaction rate is extremely high , especially for gas heating for home , furnace repair and troubleshooting motors , we still just ca n’t seem to please that 1 % or 2 % of the population .
It is for this reason that you need to beware of home heating companies .
The right diy home air heating knowledge can save you money , time and trouble when you want to fix your furnace .
When dealing with any type of gas home heating company or other repair company , you should do research first .
Make sure your choice of gas home and heating , electric heater repair and gas furnace services is made with the highest level of education .
This site is designed to provide information for everybody that owns a furnace , forced air heater , HVAC system , air conditioner , heat pump as well as a floor furnace and wall furnace .
Making an informed decision when picking a heating and air conditioning service provider is crucial , there are so many that really do more harm than good .
The majority of the information that you will find in this site is unbiased and has been observed , recorded , noted and taught at heating and air conditioning universities , trade shows and at factory training classes .
When I am expressing an opinion I will let you know so that you do not confuse my opinion with industry facts .
These findings and professional opinions come from many sources including contractors , employees , manufacturers , HVAC industry experts and from many homeowners just like you .
Are you after gas furnace services ?
We are here to help .
Your furnace is in good hands .
Firebox , firebox repair , home furnace firebox , fireboxes replacement , scanning fireboxes , home fireboxes , home gas heating repair , home gas heating repair with firebox cleaning
-----------------We Provide Many Services -----------------
Furnace Fireboxes Air Conditioning Repair Home Electric Heaters Carrier Home Heating
Why do central heater fireboxes crack ?
Why do forced air furnace heat exchangers fail ?
Every homeowner should know what they can do to prevent or postpone the destruction of the thin wall of sheet metal that separates the products of combustion , carbon monoxide , and the air that they breathe .
That thin wall of sheet metal is the firebox , also known as the furnace heat exchanger .
There are a variety of things that cause a furnace firebox to crack .
Call now ( 877 ) 247-6426 .
This is what causes your central heating and air conditioning firebox to crack and this is what you can do to save your central forced air heating system .
Most people do n't know why a furnace firebox cracks and most homeowners do n't prepare for this problem in advance .
Save money by stopping cracked fireboxes .
How much does it cost to fix a broken furnace ?
Anxiety over having a furnace repairman in your home is normal , but it does n't have to be .
Here at the Empire Family of Services we specialize in making your life easier .
Our average service call is less than $ 100 and we can typically have your furnace up and running today .
Not all repairs are so small , just most of them .
Home furnaces have many components that can suffer damages .
Call now ( 877 ) 247-6426 .
This is what typically breaks down in a forced air heater .
A broken furnace does n't provide any comfort so when we fix your heater we 'll make sure your furnace wo n't break again .
Furnace fireboxes , heater fireboxes , gas home heating fireboxes , home furnace fireboxes , fireboxes repair , furnance fireboxes , furrnace repair fireboxes , home furnace repair fireboxes , fireboxes repairing , your fireboxes
Cracked fireboxes , cracking fireboxing , rusting fireboxes , furnace fireboxes repair , heater fireboxes repair , heat fireboxes repair , home heater fireboxes , home heating fireboxes , gas home heating fireboxes , huntington beach fireboxes , newport beach fireboxes
How much does it cost to fix a broken air central conditioner unit or central air conditioner heat pump ?
The day your home air conditioning system breaks is usually the hottest day of the year , or at least it seems like it .
Do n't worry about the repair .
We will come to your home for a free evaluation and find out what is going on , or not going on , and let you know in advance of the details of the speedy repair .
Most items that break down are carried in our trucks for fast repairs that are typically very affordable .
Call now ( 877 ) 247-6426 .
This is what typically breaks down in home air conditioning systems .
These are your home forced air heating problems .
Fixing a broken A/C system is easily .
Making sure that your air conditioner wo n't break down again takes a little more skill .
fireboxes , fireboxes , fireboxes
good fireboxes , bad fireboxes , cracked fireboxes , cracking fireboxes , rusted fireboxes , rusting fireboxes , order fireboxes rusty fireboxes , old fireboxes , new fireboxes , replace fireboxes , repair fireboxes , scan fireboxes
How to buy an air conditioner unit ?
What about central air conditioning ratings ?
What about central air conditioning reviews ?
What is the best central air conditioner ?
Want to know exactly what questions to ask your air conditioning repairman to decide whether or not you need a new air conditioning system or whether you should replace your existing air conditioning system .
Call now ( 877 ) 247-6426 .
You need to know this information .
Click here and become a smart shopper .
The lowest price air conditioner is sometimes the right solution , but it seldom brings the level of indoor air conditioning comfort you and your family deserve .
How to buy a forced air furnace .
What about forced air heating system prices ?
What about central heat and air prices ?
What is the best forced air heating system on the market ?
This information is vital in choosing a new furnace .
With the advent of government rebates , utility rebates , HERS testing , permit expenses , ducting problems and high efficiency heating system the choices that are available now can be overwhelming .
We are here to help .
Find out exactly what you need before you have a heating technician to your home .
Call now ( 877 ) 247-6426 .
You need to know more about your forced air furnace and forced air central heating system .
Click here for answers .
The cheapest central heater may be right for you , but should n't you know more about the decision to buy a forced air furnace in order to make the right home heater buying choice ?
Gas Furnace Repair Electric Furnace Repair
Gas Heater Repair Gas Furnace Repair Electric Forced Air Heaters
Is ductwork and air ducting a big issue ?
Can ducting cause central heating and air conditioner problems ?
Can ducting cause central heat pump problems ?
The California Energy Commission performed a study and found out that the average heating and air conditioning system is only achieving 50 % to 75 % of its rated capacity and efficiency .
Ducting , ductwork , metal ducts and flexible ducts are the problem .
See what we can do to ensure that you get exactly what you are investing in .
Call now ( 877 ) 247-6426 .
Central heating and cooling system ducting can make or break your home heating and cooling system .
Click here to find out why .
Unless you fix your furnace ducts your A/C repair will not work and your heating repair will only heat the attic .
What kind of air cleaning system is right for you and your family ?
Does it matter if we do n't have central heating and cooling units ?
Is it better to have a central air conditioning heat pump for a gas forced air furnace for indoor air cleaning ?
It was n't that many years ago that a furnace was merely a box in a closet that threw out hot air to heat the home and an air conditioner was a box that threw out cold air to cool the home .
Times have changed and now we know that simply hot and cold is a recipe for poor indoor air quality that negatively affects you and your family 's health .
Starting out building a Home Comfort now can greatly affect the quality of your life indoors .
There are many different options and getting to know them in advance of installing or repairing a heating and air conditioning system can save you a great deal of your hard earned money .
Call now ( 877 ) 247-6426 .
Clean indoor air means clean lungs and less allergy symptoms .
Your forced air furnace problems , central air conditioning heat pump problems and central air conditioner problems may just be because of a poor quality air cleaning system .
Find out more here .
Fix your indoor air when you fix your air conditioner .
Clean air conditioning and clean air go hand in hand .
Wall Heater Repair Floor Heater Repair House Gas Heater Repair
How can you pay for your home investment in a new heating and cooling system ?
Do you finance heat pumps ?
Do you take payments for new central air conditioning ?
How much is my new air conditioner going to cost ?
How much is my new furnace going to cost ?
When President Obama signed into law the credit card act of 2009 the financing world went end over end in confusion .
The legislation was n't clear and had to be corrected several times .
Here is the affect that it had on investing in your home improvements .
Call now ( 877 ) 247-6426 .
How to get rid of your central air conditioning problems and how to get rid of your central heating problems while making your new central heating and cooling system pay for itself .
Affording a new air conditioner or a new heater is easy when you calculate the utility savings from your new air conditioner and your new heater .
Carrier Home Heating Lennox Home Heating Trane Home Heating American Standard Home Heating
Can central heating and air conditioning problems be solved with a furnace tune up ?
Does a forced air furnace tune up lessen central heater and air conditioner problems ?
Why should I have my central heater tuned up each year ?
Catch phrases , innuendos , warranty exclusions and furnace breakdowns are what the typical furnace manufacturer and the typical heating contractor is going to give you when providing you with a new furnace , but what do these have to do with an existing furnace and a furnace tune up ?
The number one reason for home heater breakdown is lack of maintenance .
Dirt buildup on the blower assembly , firebox and the evaporator coil can have a severe impact on your furnace and your wallet .
Call now ( 877 ) 247-6426 for all your home heating repairs .
Home heating system tune ups can rid you of many central heating problems .
You are paying for forced air heating tune up whether or not you have the work done .
Click here to find out why .
Save the warranty on your heater and make sure to tune up your heater each year .
Rheem Gas Furnaces Ruud Gas Furnaces
What is an air conditioning tune up ?
Why should I have my central air conditioner tuned up each year ?
Do central air conditioner heat pumps require tune ups ?
Do all home cooling systems require tune ups ?
The air conditioner is the largest user of electricity in your home in the summer time .
Not having an air conditioning tune up each year is tantamount to throwing your money away in the form of high utility overpayments each and every month .
Why not have a system that works the way it should , provides cool comfortable clean air , rather than a rattle trap that breaks downs at the least opportune time .
Call now ( 877 ) 247-6426 .
Air conditioning tune ups help to prevent central air conditioning problems .
It will actually save you money each and every month and save you on central air conditioning troubleshooting should you experience a air conditioning problem A tune up will help to maintain peak efficiency in your air conditioner saving you money and break downs .
Heil Gas Heater Repair Bryant Gas Heater Repair
Air Conditioning Freon leak detection
Do you know that you should never have to add Freon to your air conditioning system .
Freon ( Puron , R410a , R22 ) is not a maintenance item on your air conditioning or heat pump system .
If you need to add Freon each year you are causing long term damage to your air conditioner or your heat pump .
Freon carries the lubricating oil and running a system low ……….
Finding Freon leaks is no longer extremely difficult .
Modern Freon leak detection methods help your central air conditioner troubleshooting .
Central air conditioning troubleshooting is no longer as expensive as it used to be .
The Government is in Your Home See how federal legislation directly impacts and affects you , your family , your A/C , your Heat Pump , your Home and your Wallet when it comes to the changing Freon Laws .
Looking back on 2009 , there was one particular note that seemed to sound repeatedly , resonating through the professional discourse at conferences and in posts throughout the blogosphere : the likelihood of disruptive change afoot in the scientific publishing industry .
Here in the digital pages of the Scholarly Kitchen , for example , we covered John Wilbanks ’ presentation at SSP IN and Michael Nielsen ’s talk at the 2009 STM Conference .
They were both thoughtful presentations and I agree with many of the points raised by both speakers .
I think Wilbanks is right when he says that thinking of information in terms of specific containers ( e.g. books , journals , etc. ) presents an opening to organizations in adjacent spaces who are able to innovate without the constraints of existing formats .
I also agree with Nielsen ’s point that acquiring expertise in information technology ( and especially semantic technology ) — as opposed to production technology — is of critical importance to scientific publishers and that those publishers who do not acquire such expertise will fall increasing behind those organizations that do .
It has occurred to me , however , that I would likely have agreed with arguments that scientific publishing was about to be disrupted a decade ago — or even earlier .
That we are speculating on the possibility of the disruption ( here were are talking of “ disruption ” in the sense described by Clay Christensen in his seminal book The Innovator ’s Dilemma ) of scientific publishing in 2010 is nothing short of remarkable .
Lest we forget ( and this is an easy thing to do from the vantage of the second the decade of the 21st century ) , the World Wide Web was not built for the dissemination of pornography , the sale of trade books , the illegal sharing of music files , dating , trading stocks , reading the news , telecommunications , or tracking down your high school girlfriend or boyfriend .
As it turns out , the Web is particularly good for all these activities , but these were not its intended uses .
When Tim Berners - Lee created the Web in 1991 , it was with the aim of better facilitating scientific communication and the dissemination of scientific research .
Put another way , the Web was designed to disrupt scientific publishing .
It was not designed to disrupt bookstores , telecommunications , matchmaking services , newspapers , pornography , stock trading , music distribution , or a great many other industries .
And yet it has .
It is breathtaking to look back over the events of the last 18 years since the birth of the Web .
It has grown from an unformed infant , to a promising adolescent , to a sometimes - unruly teenager .
In that time we have witnessed vast swaths of the global economy reconfigured as new industries emerged and old industries were upended .
New modes of communication have transformed the workplace — and the home lives — of hundreds of millions of people .
From the vantage of 1991 , it would have been impossible to predict all that has happened in the last 18 years .
No one would have believed that much could change that quickly .
And yet it has .
The one thing that one could have reasonably predicted in 1991 , however , was that scientific communication — and the publishing industry that supports the dissemination of scientific research — would radically change over the next couple decades .
And yet it has not .
To be sure , many things have changed .
Nearly all scientific journals ( and an increasing number of books ) are now available online .
Reference lists are interconnected via digital object identifiers ( DOIs ) .
Vast databases such as Genbank and SciFinder have aggregated and parsed the structures of millions of biological and chemical sequences and structures .
Published research is more accessible than ever via search tools such as Google Scholar , PubMed , and Scopus .
New business models , such as open access and site licensing , have emerged .
And new types of communication vehicles have emerged such as the preprint server ArXiv , video journals such as JoVE and the Video Journal of Orthopaedics , and online networks such as Nature Network , Mendeley , and ( most recently ) UniPHY — to name just a few innovations .
To be sure , scientific publishers have not ignored the Web .
They have innovated .
They have experimented .
They have adapted .
But it has been incremental change — not the disruptive change one would have predicted 18 years ago .
Looking back at the publishing landscape in 1991 , it does not look dramatically different from today , at least in terms of the major publishers .
The industry has been relatively stable .
And one would be hard pressed to characterize the number of mergers and acquisitions that have occurred as particularly numerous relative to other industries .
Moreover , these mergers and acquisitions are more likely to be explained by the rise of private equity and the availability of cheap capital than by technological innovations related to publishing .
The question then becomes , not whether scientific publishing will be disrupted , but rather why has n’t it been disrupted already ?
In examining the reason for this surprising industry stability , I think it is useful to start by looking closely at the functions that journals — still the primary vehicles for the formal communication of research — serve in the scientific community .
Why were journals invented in the first place ?
What accounts for their remarkable longevity ?
What problems do they solve and how might those same problems be solved more effectively using new technologies ?
Initially , journals were developed to solve two problems : Dissemination and registration .
Dissemination .
Scientific journals were first and foremost the solution to the logistical problem of disseminating the descriptions and findings of scientific inquiry .
Prior to 1665 , when both the Journal des sçavans and the Philosophical Transactions were first published , scientists communicated largely by passing letters between each other .
By 1665 , however , there were too many scientists ( or , more accurately , there were too many educated gentlemen with an interest , and in some cases even an expertise , in “ natural philosophy ” ) for this method to be practical .
The solution was to ask all such scientists to mail their letters to a single person ( such as , in the case of the Philosophical Transactions , Henry Oldenburg ) who would then typeset , print , and bind the letters into a new thing called a journal , mailing out copies to all the other ( subscribing ) scientists at once .
While the journal was a brilliant solution to the dissemination problems of the 17th century , I think it is safe to say that dissemination is no longer a problem that requires journals .
The Internet and the World Wide Web allow anyone with access ( including , increasingly , mobile access ) to the Web to view any page designated for public display ( we will leave aside the issue of pay walls in this discussion ) .
If dissemination were the only function served by journals , journals would have long since vanished in favor of blogs , pre-print servers ( e.g. ArXiv ) , or other document aggregations systems ( e.g. Scribd ) .
Registration .
Registration of discovery — that it to say , publicly claiming credit for a discovery — was , like dissemination , an early function of journal publishing .
Ironically , the Philosophical Transactions was launched just in time to avert the most notorious scientific dispute in history — and failed to do so .
The Calculus Wars were largely a result of Newton , who developed his calculus by 1666 , failing to avail himself of Oldenburg ’s new publication vehicle .
By the time the wars ended in 1723 , Newton and Leibniz can be credited with doing more to promote the need for registration than any other individuals before or since .
Oldenburg could not have scripted a better marketing campaign for his invention .
As enduring as journals have been as a mechanism for registration of discovery , they are no longer needed for this purpose .
A preprint server that records the time and date of manuscript submission can provide a mechanism for registration that is just as effective as journal publication .
Moreover , by registering a DOI for all manuscripts an additional record is created that can further validate the date of submission and discourage the possibility of tampering .
While journals are no longer needed for the initial problems they set out to solve ( dissemination and registration ) , there are 3 additional functions that journals serve that have developed over time .
These later functions — comprising validation ( or peer review ) , filtration , and designation — are more difficult to replicate through other means .
Validation .
Peer review , at least in the sense most journals practice it today , was not a common function of early scientific journals .
While journal editors reviewed submitted works , the practice of sending manuscripts to experts outside of the journal ’s editorial offices for review was not routine until the last half of the 20th century .
Despite the relatively late provenance of peer review , it has become a core function of today ’s journal publishing system — indeed some would argue its entire raison d’etre .
Schemes have been proposed over the years for decoupling peer review from journal publishing , Harold Varmus ’ “ E - Biomed ” being perhaps the most well - known example .
There have additionally been several experiments in post- publication peer review — whereby review occurs after publication — though in such cases , journal publication is still attached to peer review , simply at a different point in the publication process .
To date , no one has succeeded in developing a literature peer - review system independent of journal publication .
One could imagine a simple online dissemination system , like ArXiv , coupled with peer review .
And indeed one could make the case that this is precisely what PLoS One is , though PLoS considers PLoS One to be a journal .
It is perhaps not an important distinction once one factors out printed issues , which I do n’t think anyone would argue are central to the definition of a journal today .
Filtration .
In 1665 it was fairly easy to keep up with one ’s scientific reading — it required only 2 subscriptions .
Over the last few centuries , however , the task has become somewhat more complicated .
In 2009 the number of peer - reviewed scientific journals is likely over 10 thousand with a total annual output exceeding 1 million papers ( both Michael Mabe and Carol Tenopir have estimated the number of peer - reviewed scholarly journals between 22,000 and 25,000 , with STM titles being a subset of this total ) .
Keeping up with papers in one ’s discipline , never mind for the whole of science , is a challenge .
Journals provide important mechanisms for filtering this vast sea of information .
First , with the exception of a few multi-disciplinary publications like Nature , Science , and PNAS , the vast majority of journals specialize in a particular discipline ( microbiology , neuroscience , pediatrics , etc. ) .
New journals tend to develop when there is a branching of a discipline and enough research is being done to justify an even more specialized publication .
In this way , journals tend to support a particular community of researchers and help them keep track of what is being published in their field or , of equal importance , in adjacent fields .
Second , the reputations of journals are used as an indicator of the importance to a field of the work published therein .
Some specialties hold dozens of journals — too many for anyone to possibly read .
Over time , however , each field develops a hierarchy of titles .
The impact factor is often used as a method for establishing this hierarchy , though other less quantitative criteria also come into play .
This hierarchy allows a researcher to keep track of the journals in her subspecialty , the top few journals in her field , and a very few generalist publications , thereby reasonably keeping up with the research that is relevant to her work .
Recommendations from colleagues , conferences , science news , and topic - specific searches using tools such as Google Scholar or PubMed , might fill in the rest of a researcher ’s reading list .
Still , filtration via journal leaves a lot of reading on behalf of scientists .
This has prompted a number of developments over the years , from informal journal clubs to review journals to publications like Journal Watch that summarize key articles from various specialties .
Most recently , Faculty of 1000 has attempted to provide an online article rating service to help readers with the growing information overload .
These are all welcome developments and provide scientists with additional filtration tools .
However , they themselves also rely on the filtration provided by journals .
Journal clubs , Journal Watch , and Faculty of 1000 all rely on editors ( formally or informally defined ) to scan a discipline that is defined by a set of journals .
Moreover , each tool tends to weight its selection towards the top of the journal hierarchy for a given discipline .
None of these tools therefore replace the filtration function of journals — they simply act as a finer screen .
While there is the possibility that recent semantic technologies will be able to provide increasingly sophisticated filtering capabilities , these technologies are largely predicated on journal publishers providing semantic context to the content they publish .
In other words , as more sophisticated filtering systems are developed — they tend to augment , not disrupt , the existing journal publication system .
Designation .
The last function served by scientific journals , and perhaps the hardest to replicate through other means , is that of designation .
By this I mean that many academic institutions ( and other research organizations ) rely , to a not insignificant degree , on a scientists ’ publication record in career advancement decisions .
Moreover , a scientists ’ publication record factors into award decisions by research funding organizations .
Career advancement and funding prospects are directly related to the prestige of the journals in which a scientist publishes .
As such a large portion of the edifice of scientific advancement is built upon publication records , an alternative would need to be developed and firmly installed before dismantling the current structure .
At this point , there are no viable alternatives — or even credible experiments — in development .
There are some experiments that seek to challenge the primacy of the impact factor with the aim of shifting emphasis to article - centric ( as opposed to journal - centric ) metrics .
Were such metrics to become widely accepted , journals would , over time , cease to carry as much weight in advancement and funding decisions .
Weighting would shift to criteria associated with an article itself , independent of publication venue .
Any such transition , however , would likely be measured not in years but in decades .
The original problems that journals set out to solve — dissemination and registration — can indeed be handled more efficiently with current technology .
However , journals have , since the time of Oldenburg , developed additional functions that support the scientific community — namely validation , filtration , and designation .
It is these later functions that are not so easily replaced .
And it is by closely looking at these functions that an explanation emerges to explain why scientific publishing has not been disrupted by new technology as yet : these are not technology - driven functions .
Peer review is not going to be substantively disrupted by new technology ( indeed , nearly every STM publisher employs an online submission and peer - review system already ) .
Filtration may be improved by technology , but such improvements are likely to take the form of augmentative , not disruptive , developments .
Designation is firmly rooted in the culture of science and is also not prone to technology - driven disruption .
Article - level metrics would first have to become widely adopted , standardized , and accepted , before any such transition could be contemplated — and even then , given the amount of time that would be required to transition to a new system , any change would likely be incremental rather than disruptive .
Given these 3 deeply entrenched cultural functions , I do not think that scientific publishing will be disrupted anytime in the foreseeable future .
That being said , I do think that new technologies are opening the door for entirely new products and services built on top of — and adjacent to — the existing scientific publishing system :
Semantic technologies are powering new professional applications ( e.g. ChemSpider ) that more efficiently deliver information to scientists .
They are also beginning to power more effective search tools ( such as Wolfram Alpha ) meaning researchers will spend less time looking for the information they need .
are powering new professional applications ( e.g. ChemSpider ) that more efficiently deliver information to scientists .
They are also beginning to power more effective search tools ( such as Wolfram Alpha ) meaning researchers will spend less time looking for the information they need .
Mobile technologies are enabling the ability to access information anywhere .
Combined with GPS systems and cameras , Web enabled mobile devices have the potential to transform our interaction with the world .
As I have described recently in the Scholarly Kitchen , layering data on real - world objects is an enormous opportunity for scientists and the disseminators of scientific information .
The merger of the Web and the physical world could very well turn out to be the next decade ’s most significant contribution to scientific communication .
are enabling the ability to access information anywhere .
Combined with GPS systems and cameras , Web enabled mobile devices have the potential to transform our interaction with the world .
As I have described recently in the Scholarly Kitchen , layering data on real - world objects is an enormous opportunity for scientists and the disseminators of scientific information .
The merger of the Web and the physical world could very well turn out to be the next decade ’s most significant contribution to scientific communication .
Open data standards being developed now will allow for greater interoperability between data sets , leading to new data - driven scientific tools and applications .
Moreoever , open data standards will lead to the ability to ask entirely new questions .
As Tim Berners - Lee ’s pointed out in his impassioned talk at TED last year , search engines with popularity - weighted algorithms ( e.g. Google , Bing ) are most helpful when one is asking a question that many other people have already asked .
Interoperable , linked data will allow for the interrogation of scientific information in entirely new ways .
These new technologies , along with others not even yet imagined , will undoubtedly transform the landscape of scientific communication in the decade to come .
But I think the core publishing system that undergirds so much of the culture of science will remain largely intact .
That being said , these new technologies — and the products and services derived from them — may shift the locus of economic value in scientific publishing .
Scientific journals provide a relatively healthy revenue stream to a number of commercial and not - for - profit organizations .
While some may question the prices charged by some publishers , Don King and Carol Tenopir have shown that the cost of journals is small relative to the cost , as measured in the time of researchers , of reading and otherwise searching for information ( to say nothing of the time spent conducting research and writing papers ) .
Which is to say that the value to an institution of workflow applications powered by semantic and mobile technologies and interoperable linked data sets may exceed that of scientific journals .
If such applications can save researchers ( and other professionals that require access to scientific information ) significant amounts of time , their institutions will be willing to pay for that time savings and its concatenate increase in productivity .
New products and services that support scientists through the more effective delivery of information may compete for finite institutional funds .
And if institutions designate more funds over time to these new products and services , there may be profound consequences for scientific publishers .
While it will not likely result in a market disruption as scientific journals will remain necessary , it will nonetheless create a downward pressure on journal ( and book / ebook ) pricing .
This could , in turn , lead to a future where traditional knowledge products , while still necessary , provide much smaller revenue streams to their publishers .
And potentially a future in which the communication products with the highest margins are not created by publishers but rather by new market entrants with expertise in emerging technologies .
The next decade is likely to bring more change to scientific publishing than the decade that just ended .
However , it will likely continue to be incremental change that builds on the existing infrastructure rather than destroying it .
It will be change that puts pressure on publishers to become even more innovative in the face of declining margins on traditional knowledge products .
It will be change that requires new expertise and new approaches to both customers and business models .
Despite these challenges , it will be change that improves science , improves publishing , and improves the world we live in .
sually I tend to feel fanmade videos of their favorite games are a bit corny or Bleh its not that great , but this time I have to give it up to a Youtube user by the name of Migor .
This person actually impressed me a whole lot with making this homemade Team Fortress 2 video out of Legos and actually making it work .
Just think Team Fortress 2 Lego edition , Yup it works !
I would definitely buy the game if it came out .
The time he put in this video and all those small details in the video will definitely surprise every Team Fortress 2 fans out there .
Hope Migor will keep the videos coming .
Check out the video after the jump .
For finding online genealogy databases , records and resources .
The focus is on vital records ( birth , marriage and death records ) , obituaries , census records , naturalization records , military records and ship passenger lists .
Although the blog is based in the USA , online European , Canadian , and other records sources are sometimes included .
You may also occasionally see a fun post or genealogy news .
