Pablo Cano - Lopez told detectives he was at " the breaking point " when he lifted his crying stepson , 4 - month - old Elijah Llanos , and shook him four or five times .
The baby stopped crying and whimpered before falling asleep .
Six hours later , Elijah 's lips had turned blue .
He was rushed to a hospital , but by the next day , Feb. 19 , 2006 , he was pronounced dead .
" He just kept on crying again , and that 's when I … I just got irritated , man , " Cano - Lopez told police , according to transcripts .
" That 's when I shook him . "
Lopez , 23 , of Lake Worth , Fla. , confessed and was convicted in May of manslaughter and aggravated child abuse .
He was sentenced July 11 to 20 years in prison .
" It 's hard to understand , " says Robert Gershman , Cano - Lopez 's defense attorney .
" He loved his children and , in a moment , shook the child out of not only frustration but irrational thinking .
Not until it 's over does he realize it 's wrong , and he should have walked away . "
HEALTH BLOG : News and research on caring for kids
Armed with data linking shaken baby incidents to periods of increases in infant crying , researchers in North Carolina and Pennsylvania are teaching parents how to cope with crying babies instead of simply saying , " Do n't shake your baby . "
" We do n't think that shaken baby is the same kind of child abuse as battered - child abuse , " says Desmond Runyan , a pediatrician at the University of North Carolina - Chapel Hill who is leading the state 's prevention efforts .
" It 's somebody who lost it for 30 seconds and changed their life and life of the child .
" We 're trying to prevent that unfortunate event . "
Horrific damage
When a child is shaken , the head whips back and forth and the brain crashes against the skull .
Typically , there are no outward signs of abuse , but the child may have bleeding in the brain or eyes .
Shaken - baby syndrome kills 15 % to 35 % of all victims .
Half the survivors often suffer severe brain damage , such as the 10 - year - old girl named Winter who was shaken by her father when she was 9 weeks old .
The father told investigators Winter had stopped breathing and he shook her to revive her , says Chris DeMartino , the district attorney in San Antonio who prosecuted the case .
The father was convicted in 2000 of felony child neglect , fined $ 10,000 and sentenced to five years ' probation .
Winter cannot speak , eat solid food and is blind because of damage to her optic nerve .
She needs oxygen to breathe at night and medication to sleep .
" He made a horrible , tragic mistake , and in the five seconds it took to shake Winter , he ruined her life , " says Care Burpee , Winter 's mother .
Official numbers are hard to come by , but since the National Center for Shaken Baby Syndrome launched a victim database in 1998 by cobbling together information from news reports , 3,286 victims have been identified in the USA .
' The right time ' for action
" Parents already knew that violent shaking was a bad thing , " says Mark Dias , a neurosurgeon who developed prevention programs in New York and Pennsylvania .
The program has parents review information about the syndrome , and they have one - on - one counseling with a nurse after the baby 's birth .
" They needed to be reminded in the right time and in the right setting . "
Researchers are hoping to replicate results of a pilot program created by Dias in upstate New York that reduced such cases by 47 % from 1998 to 2003 .
In North Carolina , every family with a new baby now receives a DVD and a booklet describing the " period of PURPLE crying , " an acronym that helps parents understand all children increasingly will cry uncontrollably from about 2 weeks old until about 5 or 6 months .
P stands for peak of crying ; U for unexpected ; R for resists soothing ; P for pain - like face ; L for long - lasting ; E for evening .
The message is repeated by a nurse after the birth and again by a pediatrician at the child 's checkups at 2 months and 4 months .
Message received
" We 're trying to get people — the whole society , not just mothers and fathers … to understand early infant crying is not because the baby is bad or because the parents are bad , " says Ron Barr , who created the PURPLE program and studied the link between shaken babies and crying .
The programs encourage parents to put a crying child in a safe place and walk away before they get too frustrated .
" What I see here is the relief when a parent hears ( uncontrollable crying ) is normal , " says Cindy Brown , a pediatrician at Mission Hospital in Asheville , N.C. , one of the first medical centers in the state to distribute the prevention materials .
Both programs , which are financed for five years in part by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , will track infant head traumas until 2012 .
Says Runyan , " It 's our view that the majority of shaken babies are not premeditated but a desperate parent who has run out of gas who needs the kid to be quiet . "
Metallica Live LA
Metallica live at the Silverlake Conservatory , LA 14/5/08 .
Photo : credit Winter / Getty from Rolling Stone .
This Wednesday the trash metal icons , Metallica , performed live in a benefit concert in Los Angeles for Flea ’s music school for kids , the Silverlake Conservatory .
The performance was the band ’s first one in almost one year , but the quartet did n’t sound rusty at all , by all means they were highly energetic .
The almost 2000 fans ( who paid as much as 500 $ for the ride ) gathered in at the Wiltern Theate , were treated to some of the band ’s old - school material going far as the mid 80 ’s with hard riffs , screaming vocals and over all epic speed metal rocking .
“ It ’s great to be playing live again . ” says james Hetfield before bursting into the set , that included almost all of Metallica ’s smashing hits , from “ Sad But True , ” to “ Ecstasy of Gold . ” to “ Fuel , ” to the unmistakable rocker “ Master Of Puppets . ”
No new songs from the highly anticipated forthcoming album , however , the band motivating as follows : “ We ’re not playing any of the new stuff .
I do n’t think this is the place .
This is a benefit for Flea ’s thing .
We do n’t want to grandstand with anything else here .
There will be a time for that . ”
Near the end of the night , the Red Hot Chilly Peppers psychotic bassist , concert benefactor and all round swell chap , Flea , joined the band on bass for the insanely fast “ Fight Fire With Fire , ” a speed metal classic from 1984 .
What a night for Metallica fans !
Before the set , however , our fellow blogging colleagues from Rolling Stone ’s Rock Daily , caught up with Metallica for a quick set of interesting questions , that shed some light on the new album , its name , Rick Rubin ( the new producer ) , the concert itself and a few more .
Here ’s an excerpt .
Check out the rest of the interview at RS .
Incest Dad : ' I Am Not a Monster '
Austrian Father Breaks His Silence , Criticizes Media for Dubbing Him a Monster
Josef Fritzl , the Austrian man who fathered seven children with his daughter while keeping her imprisoned in a windowless dungeon in his cellar , has complained about poor media coverage of the case .
His criticism of the international media 's reporting was published in the German tabloid Bild Zeitung .
" I could have killed them all , " reads the front page headline of today 's Bild Zeitung .
And Fritzl , dubbed a monster by the Austrian media , told his lawyer , Rudolf Mayer , " I 'm not a monster , " according to today 's report .
Fritzl is sharing his prison cell with another man who is serving time for taking part in a shooting incident .
The men have a TV set and a radio available to them in their cell .
Fritz 's lawyer has been seeing him and , according to Bild Zeitung , his client has complained to the lawyer that media coverage has been " unfair " and " completely one - sided . "
" I could have killed them all , and no one would ever have known , no one would ever have found out , " he reportedly told his lawyer .
Fritzl has confessed to locking up his daughter for almost 24 years , and fathering seven children with her during that time .
Three of those children , Kerstin , 19 , Stefan , 18 , and Felix , 5 , had never seen sunlight until they were released from their captivity by police last month after Kerstin became seriously ill and was taken to hospital for a life - threatening disease .
The young woman has since remained in a medically induced coma and is said to be in critical condition .
" If it was n't for me , Kerstin would not be alive today , " Fritzl is quoted by his lawyer as saying .
" It was me who made sure she was taken to hospital . "
Fritzl was questioned by a state prosecutor for the first time today .
" The hearing , which lasted for about 2 hours , mainly focused on the basic details of Mr. Fritzl and his family 's background , as is required by Austrian Law , " prosecution spokesman Gerhard Sedlacek told reporters .
" Mr. Fritzl has told the prosecutor in charge that he 's now willing to cooperate with the prosecution . "
Fritzl 's lawyer , Mayer , had previously said that his client was " emotionally a broken man , who does not belong in a prison , but rather in a closed psychiatric hospital . "
He also claimed that it would be impossible for his client to get a fair trial in front of a jury , given the media coverage and the publicity the case has generated worldwide .
The lawyer , who has received plenty of hate mail since he took the case , told reporters in Vienna that he was trying to get a certificate of insanity for his client , in order to be able to declare him unfit to stand trial .
Meanwhile , the case has reached the Austrian Parliament , where members are debating today on whether to introduce lengthier prison sentences for sex offenders and whether to change the existing laws to allow criminal records to be kept for a longer period .
Under current laws , files on sex offenses are removed from the records after 15 years .
The move comes after the revelation that Fritzl had previously served 18 months in jail for a rape conviction but was nevertheless awarded care of three infants thought to have been found on the Fritzls ' doorstep .
In fact , these were three of the children born out of his incestuous relationship with his daughter , who were allowed to grow up in the care of their grandparents upstairs while their siblings were suffering in captivity with their mother in the secret dungeon in the basement .
I think this is my favorite piece of video footage since Jon Stewart told off Tucker Carlson on Crossfire .
Seriously , watch it again and again , it just gets better .
At the National Conference for Media Reform , Bill O'Reilly producer Porter Barry ambushes journalist Bill Moyers and asks him why he wo n't appear on The O'Reilly Factor .
Moyers , a class act to the last , makes Barry look like the small and petty man he is .
But the joke is on Barry , because other journalists , including Uptake correspondent Noah Kunin , who got this raw footage , turned tables on ol ' Porter and gave him a little taste of the FOX News - style ambush journalism .
I do n't think he liked it much .
By the way , Moyers gave an absolutely inspirational keynote address at NCMR2008 .
You can view it on YouTube .
Police officer Jim Keyzer , the leader and key witness in the Pirate Bay investigation was recently employed by Warner Bros , one of the plaintiffs in the ongoing case against the Pirate Bay four .
Undoubtedly , this will seriously hurt the credibility of the ongoing court case .
Kopit.se found out yesterday - through the police officer ’s facebook profile - that Keyzer was recently employed by Warner Bros , one of the plaintiffs in the prosecution against The Pirate Bay .
Keyzer has deleted his facebook profile , but confirmed that he indeed works for the company now .
Pirate Bay ’s Peter Sunde ( brokep ) stated : “ He [ Keyzer ] confirmed that he is an employee there and we ca n’t see it in any other way than this being the reward for a work well done from the new employer of the police , the entertainment industry ”
“ This is a legal outrage .
Talk about biased , ” Sunde continues .
“ Keyzer is in charge of the investigation .
No matter the reasons to switch employer , this investigation has not been fair .
We have felt that the investigation has concentrated on trying to locate something to point out as wrong with The Pirate Bay instead of determining if the activities of the site are unlawful or not , ” he added .
“ This is pure , classic corruption , ” says Rickard Falkvinge leader of the Swedish pirate party .
“ Big companies from foreign nations trying to affect the outcome in a Swedish Court of Justice with straightforward bribes .
Now the copyright lobby is showing its true face ”
Peter Athlin , Sunde ’s laywer , thinks that the consequence of the new information could be that the investigation - which took nearly two years - has to be redone .
If so , this will be a huge setback for the Swedish police .
The legal investigation into the Pirate Bay started nearly two years ago , after the controversial raid on the Pirate Bay in May 2006 .
At the time the Swedish police confiscated 180 servers , most of which had nothing to do with the BitTorrent tracker .
Last December the investigation finally came to an end , resulting in 4,000 pages of legal paperwork .
Lebanon on brink of civil war
By Chris Marsden
9 May 2008
Lebanon stands on the brink of all - out civil war .
A general strike by the leading trade union to protest rising prices and demand an increase in the minimum wage has led to armed conflict between the pro-Western Sunni and Druze - based government of Prime Minister Fouad Siniora and the Shia - based Hezbollah and its ally , Amal .
For the past two days , the conflict has constantly escalated .
On Wednesday , supporters of the Hezbollah - led opposition blocked roads in the capital Beirut .
About a dozen people were injured in stone - throwing by rival pro- and anti-government gangs of young men .
On Thursday , Sunnis and Shiites exchanged gunfire in the village of Saadnayel in the eastern Bekaa Valley — a crossroads linking the Hezbollah stronghold of Baalbek with central Lebanon and Beirut .
Supporters of Hezbollah have blocked the road to the country ’s only airport , closing it .
Burning tyres and earth blockades have been erected , paralysing the capital city .
Heavy fighting broke out in the al - Mazraa district of West Beirut between Sunni and Shia fighters .
Opposition gunmen used rocket - propelled grenades to destroy an office belonging to the pro-government Future Movement .
Its weapons and ammunition were seized .
The army was deployed in key thoroughfares and crossroads dividing Beirut from the Shia - dominated suburbs in the south .
Troops in riot gear stood between rival stone - throwing youths in the mixed Sunni - Shia Mazraa district .
Lebanon ’s army command has warned that a “ continuation of the situation ... harms the unity of the military establishment . ”
The conflict brings to a head a 17 - month stand - off between the US - and Saudi - backed government and Hezbollah , which has the support of Iran and Syria .
Lebanon ’s presidential election has been postponed 18 times .
Parliament Speaker Nabih Berri has designated May 13 as the date for the next attempt to elect a new president after this month ’s failure to secure a compromise by Arab League Secretary General Amr Moussa .
The ruling March 14 group , though appearing as the victim of an offensive by Hezbollah , has , in fact , been working for months towards an open conflict with the Hezbollah - led March 8 Alliance , which also includes the Christian Free Patriotic Movement of Michel Aoun .
It has done so in collaboration with the United States and Israel , both of which have made clear their intention to resume hostilities against Hezbollah , and threatened Syria and Iran .
Lebanon has long been the focal point of a regional contest between the US and its allies — Israel , Saudi Arabia and France — and Syria , Iran and their local allies , Hezbollah and Amal .
Washington has repeatedly blocked any compromise with Hezbollah because it wants Lebanon to function as its protectorate and as an extension of its main power base in Israel .
This would , in turn , be a precursor to possible regime change in Syria and Iran to establish US hegemony in the oil - rich region .
Israeli forces withdrew from Lebanon in 2000 .
But Israel made clear its continued designs on the country when , targeting Hezbollah , it declared war against Lebanon in July 2006 , during which more than 1,200 people were killed , many more were injured and vast swathes of the country ’s infrastructure were destroyed .
Israel ’s inability to defeat Hezbollah created a major political crisis in Jerusalem , while winning Hezbollah further popular support amongst the Shia masses .
Since that time , the US has been anxious to create a pretext for conflict with Hezbollah , Syria and , ultimately , Iran , blocking tentative peace talks between Israel and Syria and mounting repeated provocations against both Damascus and Tehran .
Last September , Israeli warplanes bombed Syria , with unnamed US sources claiming that the target was a partly - constructed nuclear reactor .
On February 28 , the USS Cole was stationed off Lebanon ’s coast , joined later by the Nassau battle group , which includes six vessels , including amphibious landing craft , and a contingent of over 2,000 Marines .
A top US official declared at the time , “ The United States believes a show of support is important for regional stability .
We are very concerned about the situation in Lebanon .
It has dragged on very long . ”
That same month , the Bush administration announced a further round of sanctions against Syria , directed at unnamed individuals alleged to have played a role in supporting the resistance in Iraq .
On April 24 , the Bush administration released intelligence claiming to prove that Damascus was building a nuclear reactor , with the assistance of North Korea , at the site targeted by Israel ’s air force last year .
A White House statement ominously warned that Syria ’s alleged covert construction of the reactor was “ a dangerous and potentially destabilising development for the region and the world . ”
The US justification for Israel ’s earlier bombing paves the way for similar measures to be undertaken .
The allegations also chime with the repeated accusations that Iran is developing a nuclear weapons program .
For its part , following on from its September 2007 air raid , Israel assassinated senior Hezbollah leader Imad Mughniyah in Damascus on February 12 of this year , an action widely seen as aimed at provoking retaliation and providing the pretext for another Israeli war in Lebanon .
On May 8 , amidst the escalating conflict in Lebanon , President George Bush said he was again extending for one year US sanctions against Syria , using the charge that it was trying to secretly build a nuclear reactor .
The sanctions include a freezing of Syrian assets and an embargo on several imported goods .
Bush accused Damascus of supporting terror , continuing its interference in Lebanon and Iraq , and attempting to acquire weapons of mass destruction and missile programs .
The provocative actions of the Siniora government against Hezbollah can only be viewed as an extension of this US / Israeli - led offensive .
In a televised February 10 speech , Druze leader Walid Jumblatt threatened Hezbollah : “ You want disorder ?
It will be welcomed .
You want war ?
It will be welcomed .
We have no problem with weapons , no problem with missiles .
We will bring them to you . ”
Last week two moves were made towards doing just that .
At the weekend , Jumblatt accused Hezbollah of monitoring Beirut International Airport with security cameras in preparation for a possible attack or kidnapping .
On Tuesday , the government ordered the commander of security at the airport , Brigadier General Wafiq Shuqeir , to return to the Army Command , accusing him of sympathising with Hezbollah and failing to deal with the secret camera it allegedly set up overlooking the main runway .
Shuqeir is close to Nabih Berri , the parliamentary speaker and leader of Hezbollah ’s coalition partner , Amal .
It is this action that prompted the barricading of roads to the airport .
In the same speech , Jumblatt also accused Hezbollah of setting up its own private telecommunications network to eavesdrop on calls made in Lebanon .
This was followed on Tuesday by a government declaration that Hezbollah ’s telephone network was “ illegal and unconstitutional ” and a threat to state security , referring a dossier on the issue to the judiciary .
Targeting the network was bound to illicit a strenuous response .
Hezbollah does indeed operate an extensive fixed - line telecommunications network .
According to Time - CNN , “ Hizballah had some time ago installed its own , in - house dedicated fiber - optic telephone network , connecting its headquarters in the southern suburbs of Beirut to its offices , military posts and cadres as far south as the Israeli border .
During the summer 2006 war , Israel had jammed cell phone signals throughout south Lebanon and monitored the Lebanese telephone system , but Hizballah ’s internal communications channels had survived thanks to its private fiber - optic system .
“ Since the war , however , Hizballah has expanded the network to cover its new military frontline north of the United Nations - patrolled southern border district , and into the Bekaa Valley to the east .
Part of the system incorporates a WiMAX network allowing long - distance wireless access for the Internet and cell phones .
“ More recently , Hizballah has dug trenches for fiber - optic cables in the mainly Christian and Druze Mount Lebanon district and in north Lebanon , according to Marwan Hamade , the Lebanese minister of telecommunications . ”
An attack on this network would severely curtail Hezbollah ’s ability to defend itself from Israeli aggression or from an attack by its internal opponents .
The provocation had the desired effect .
On Thursday , Hezbollah leader Sheikh Hassan Nasrallah gave his first press conference since 2006 , stating that the decision to close down the organisation ’s private telecommunications network was a “ declaration of war . ”
Describing the network as the most important weapon against foreign aggressors , he said , “ This decision is first of all a declaration of war and the launching of war by the government ... against the resistance and its weapons for the benefit of America and Israel .
Whoever declares war against us and who launches a war against us even if he ’s our father or brother , or just a political opponent , we have the right to confront him to defend ourselves , to defend our weapons , to defend our resistance and to defend our existence . ”
He demanded the government rescind its decision and also reinstate Brig Gen Wafiq Shuqeir .
US National Security Council spokesman Gordon Johndroe yesterday demanded that Hezbollah “ stop their disruptive activities ” and choose whether to be “ a terrorist organization or be a political party . ”
Bush is scheduled to meet with Siniora at the end of next week at Egypt ’s Red Sea resort of Sharm el Sheikh , following his attendance at Israel ’s 60th anniversary celebrations and a visit to Saudi Arabia to celebrate 75 years of US relations with the kingdom .
For its part , Saudi Arabia has accused unnamed “ foreign extremist sides ” of fomenting the present conflict .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
In 1978 , when Microsoft was three years old and based in Albuquerque , New Mexico , there were only a dozen people working for the company - compared with the current number of almost 90 000 employees worldwide .
The original Microsoft ' family '
Enlarge Image
Here we have 11 of the early pioneers , in a photograph that has evolved from a snapshot to become a historic document .
Thirty years on from the taking of the original photograph , the Microsoft staff who worked at Albuquerque were reunited to recreate the photograph .
Most of the team had not seen one another for many years .
It took weeks of organisation to bring them back together .
The picture shows Back row from left to right :
The original Microsoft ' family ' enjoys their reunion
Enlarge Image
Steve Wood Left Microsoft in 1980 and has worked in the technology sector ever since .
Bob Wallace Left Microsoft in 1983 .
Died in 2002 .
Jim Lane Left Microsoft in 1985 .
Stills works in software .
Middle row from left to right : Bob O'Rear
Had worked for NASA before joining Microsoft and was the oldest member of staff in the photograph .
Left Microsoft in 1983 but stayed within the hi-tech sector .
Bob Greenberg Responsible for organising the photo session .
Left Microsoft in 1981 .
Is a member of the family responsible for Cabbage Patch dolls .
Marc McDonald Generally credited with being Microsoft 's first salaried employee .
Left the company in 1984 because " it was getting too big " but returned to work there later .
Gordon Letwin Left Microsoft in 1993 .
Is now involved with various environmental causes .
Front row from left to right : Bill Gates Co-founder of Microsoft .
Was 23 years old when the photograph was taken .
Stands down from day - to - day control of Microsoft on 27th June 2008 but remains Chairman indefinitely .
Andrea Lewis Left Microsoft in 1983 .
Has since worked as a journalist .
Marla Wood Left Microsoft in 1980 .
Lives just outside Seattle .
Paul Allen School friend of Gates , joint founder of Microsoft and one of the Microsoft billionaires .
Withdrew from full - time involvement with the company in 1983 when he was diagnosed with Hodgkin 's disease .
Now engaged in a range of new enterprises from space exploration to bio-sciences .
' Mama ' takes part
The original photograph should also have featured Miriam Lubow , the office secretary who was affectionately known as the Microsoft " Mama " , as she was the oldest employee of the company .
Former office secretary Miriam Lubow joins the rest of the original Microsoft ' family '
Enlarge Image
However , there was a snowstorm on the day the photograph was taken - an unusual problem for New Mexico .
Ms Lubow 's husband advised her to stay at home and so she missed being in the picture .
However , when the photograph was recreated in 2008 , Lubow joined her former colleagues for another version , in which she takes pride of place - thirty years on
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Energy costs are in the top three expenses that many small businesses face .
Running a small business is hard enough without having to pay extreme utility bills .
Well , you no longer have to .
Thanks to society ’s progress towards energy conservation and research , there are a few proven ways to significantly reduce your energy bill .
Read on to learn how to save on electricity as a small business and keep more of your money in your pocket .
1. Turn it Off and Unplug It
It may seem obvious to turn the lights off when you ’re not using them , but it ’s easy to forget .
The issue is people do n’t tend to think about the rooms their not it .
Rooms like the bathroom and breakroom often have their lights left on throughout the day – racking up money .
A lot of waste also comes from leaving lights and equipment on overnight .
Installing motion - detecting lights or even putting a label on a light switch or door can help with energy savings .
It ’s also advised to use natural lighting from windows throughout the day as much as possible .
Other than lighting , the real hidden costs come in the form of phantom loads .
This is the wasted energy expelled by appliances that are left plugged in .
Even if they ’re not turned on , a certain amount of electricity is wasted .
2. Consider an Energy Audit
An energy audit is when a professional in energy management comes to your house or place of business and assesses areas of wasted energy .
They ’re also able to tell you what your minimum energy expenditure can be .
This can serve as a motivating goal .
Areas of wasted energy can be anywhere , from issues in your building ’s insulation to air leaks and bad windows .
These are all opportunities for you to save .
For example , double - pane windows are suggested over single - pane because less energy can escape through them .
3. Get Energy - Efficient Equipment
If you ’re wondering how to save on electricity , one of the easiest ways is to get energy - efficient equipment .
Due to society ’s trend towards energy conservation , there are a growing number of products that are considered energy efficient .
This equipment uses less electricity to function .
Energy - efficient brands are easy to find because it ’s usually their main selling point and boldly listed on the packaging .
Energy - saving products , from light bulbs to printers , are going to be more expensive than their competitors .
It ’s important to remember that they will save you more money in the long run .
4. Practice HVAC Maintenance
Your HVAC is the system responsible for your building ’s heating and air conditioning .
Both of these contribute a large amount to your energy bill , especially if you live somewhere with cold or hot weather .
You can save energy by making sure your HVAC system works properly and efficiently .
This includes confirming that the air ducts through the building do n’t have leaks .
Know How to Save on Electricity
Knowing how to save on electricity is the first step to making expensive energy bills a thing of the past .
If you remember to turn off the lights , unplug equipment you ’re not using , get an energy audit , use energy - efficient equipment , and maintain your HVAC system , you ’ll be saving large amounts of money in no time .
If you found this article informative , check out our business blog for more business tips and tricks .
Link of the day - Free $ 50 Kmart card .
Advertisers like to say sex sells , but the rules of the game change when gas prices go up .
As the Silver State 's fuel prices hit all - time highs , Nevada 's brothel employees find it harder to make a living these days , leaving some people wondering whether they should stay in the business .
At the Stardust Ranch in eastern Nevada , bartender Cindy Howe says they 're " down to only two girls .
They do n't want to come here because business is down . "
The brothel is about to change hands after soaring gas prices affected the number of customers willing to drive out to Ely .
Now its owners are forced to sell .
Truckers , who provide steady business to many of Nevada 's 28 legal brothels , are now paying 40 percent more this year to fill up their rigs .
A gallon of diesel averages $ 4.69 across the country , up $ 1.89 , or 67.5 percent , from a year ago , according to the Department of Energy .
" Most of these truckers used to have $ 100 they could spend , " Howe says .
Now they 're struggling to pay for fuel .
The Stardust 's out - of - the - way location in downtown Ely does n't help matters .
Ely is 240 miles from Las Vegas , 320 miles from Reno and 240 miles from Salt Lake City , surrounded by open spaces .
" The cost of fuel is killing us , " says Karl Hardy , who also works at the Stardust as a bartender .
" Tourists can't afford it . "
Hardy says he 's worried about his job , but may find other work welding for a nearby mining company .
To provide customers with incentives , the Ranch offered free showers , parking and coffee .
None of these perks translated into more business .
George Flint , a lobbyist for the Nevada Brothel Owners ' Association , says many of the brothels are seeing decreases in revenue anywhere from 20 to 45 percent .
He says he has " never seen it this dramatic " in 48 years .
" There are more and more women having second thoughts about staying in the business , " he says .
" The return for their time is not there .
In northern Nevada , most of our business is supported by the truckers .
They do n't have much disposable income left . "
Other brothels rely on tourists who are no less cash - strapped .
In western Nevada at the Kit Kat Guest Ranch in Carson City , co-owners Jacie Caramella , 23 , and her mother Shelia , 50 , says they 've cut costs to trim their overhead .
" We could be buried right now , " Jacie Caramella says .
" This year really has n't been a good year . "
Their clients , who tend to come from San Francisco and Sacramento , are n't traveling as often now that gas prices are so high .
" I would say we 're probably down 25 percent , " Sheila Caramella says .
" We had a really bad winter up near Reno , so you do n't have the people coming over the hill . "
Crafty Strategies
But some of these Nevada institutions are n't lacking for customers .
Jim Davis and his wife , Bobbi Davis , co-own the Shady Lady Ranch in Esmeralda County , near Las Vegas .
In between answering the door to let in three different customers , Jim Davis explained that unlike most brothels where the women negotiate one - on - one with their clients behind closed doors in a private room , the Shady Lady posts its prices online .
The business also advertises monthly promotions , such as June 's $ 25 discount off the regular 40 - minute rate of $ 200 .
" Other brothels play the negotiation game , " he says .
" It 's too far to drive for that kind of thing . "
Davis , 76 , who attributes much of Shady Lady 's success to his 54 - year - old wife 's " brilliance and marketing , " says that the majority of its profits come from people driving out from Vegas , mostly men on business trips who generate " a ton of repeat business . "
" Next month we 're going to give a gas card out and we think that will help some , " Jim Davis says .
July 's promotion offers customers a $ 50 gas card if they spend at least $ 300 on services there .
" Good service and a friendly atmosphere will win over gas prices any day , " he says .
One -man promotional machine Dennis Hof , the self - proclaimed " PT Barnum of booty , " says he lives in another world , " the bunny world . "
The owner of the Moonlite Bunny Ranch has been insulated from economic trouble , thanks to frequent national news coverage and HBO 's cinema verite series " Cathouse , " a documentary - style portrayal of the Bunny Ranch that debuted in 2002 .
Business is up 20 percent for the year , says Hof , thanks in part to his latest promotions .
His nationwide Father 's Day radio contest asked callers to nominate their dad for a VIP Bunny Ranch booty pass , and June 11 Hof vowed to double the value of any IRS stimulus check that a customer cashed at the brothel and used on a Ranch Pleasure Party .
" The sex does n't last long , " he says .
" The party is what it 's all about . "
Hof 's persistence has paid off in a Web site that gets 125 million hits a month and a database of more than 17,000 women who have expressed interest in working for him .
" Most girls are making a six figure income in a year , some a mid-six figure income , " he says .
He hires around eight women a month and loses six or so every year .
Naudia , 26 , is one of the many women who entered the brothel business last year .
She joined the Wild Horse Adult Resort and Spa about seven months ago , a place she describes as the " five star of all brothels . "
Longing to leave her nine - to - five " average lifestyle " in California , Naudia began researching other jobs on the Internet .
" I wanted to be a dancer -- that 's how I got involved in this , " she says .
By searching online she found a brothel advertisement .
" I had never even heard of a brothel before , " she says .
" It advertised that girls sometimes make $ 20,000 to $ 40,000 a week . "
Her income is n't nearly as lavish , but it 's lucrative enough that she says her " lifestyle has turned around . "
The Wild Horse brothel is doing better than expected this quarter .
Even so , Naudia says some of her fellow workers reminisce about earlier times when business was more robust .
" The girls tell me it used to be so much better , " she says .
" But I ca n't miss something I never had . "
Rise of the ' Stay - cation '
Right now the Nevada Commission on Tourism is running commercials across state lines to lure tourists into the state .
Within Nevada they 're asking Las Vegas residents to visit Lake Tahoe , and encouraging people in Reno to go up highway 80 to Elko , a place commission spokeswoman Bethany Drysdale describes as the " heart of cowboy country . "
She says Nevada 's tourism industry is good overall , despite tough times in Sin City and Reno .
" Of course , gas prices are going to affect us , " Drysdale says .
" Gas prices are raising , airfare and everything , but we are such a drive destination as well .
The whole state is projecting less tourism income than what was originally projected . "
In 2007 , 57 percent of visitors who came to rural Nevada traveled in their cars .
Today gas prices are at an all - time high in Nevada and the rest of the country .
Tourists and locals are paying $ 4.27 a gallon in Las Vegas and $ 4.21 a gallon in Reno , according to AAA .
The rise in fuel costs has prompted the Nevada Commission on Tourism to rethink some of its initiatives .
" We 're trying to get more in - state travel .
People really are looking closer to home , " Drysdale says .
" There 's a new trend called ' stay - cations ' -- people vacationing in their own towns or nearby towns . "
At the " world famous " Mustang Ranch and the Wild Horse Adult Resort and Spa brothels near Reno , general manager Susan Austin says she has noticed that the average tourist is n't traveling as far as he normally would .
The Mustang Ranch made headlines recently when production began on " Love Ranch , " a movie starring Helen Mirren that 's based on the ranch 's infamous history .
Austin serves as a consultant for the film .
Her reality , however , was a bit less glamorous earlier this year .
After observing the sagging economy , she decided to lay off employees and trim back in the kitchen " and everywhere across the board to save one or two thousand a month . "
But in the past two weeks , business has picked up , partly due to " Love Ranch . "
Several women have approached Austin looking for work .
" When you see a huge influx of girls , you know they 're not getting a lot of business , " she says .
One of those women was Nyoka , 45 , who was been working at the Mustang for the past three months .
" This business is so unpredictable , " she says .
" You can be having sex all day and not having sex the next day , but it has a way of averaging out . "
Nyoka , a former nurse , left the health care industry after a divorce , an ailing parent and the pressures of supporting both her daughter and granddaughter made it difficult to pay the bills .
At the encouragement of a friend , she began working at the Sagebrush Ranch brothel , outside Carson City , where she stayed for four years .
" The business just died down there , " she says .
" There 's a couple of girls there who are doing very badly , and it 's a sign of the times . "
Nyoka says women at the Sagebrush who used to work one week , then take the next week off , now work three months in a row .
When several of Nyoka 's friends decided to leave the Sagebrush for the Mustang Ranch , Nyoka followed and has n't looked back .
" I average three grand a week , " she says .
" I 'm a little higher than average -- I 'm a very young 45 , but I have the mindset of a 45 - year - old and I know what guys like .
I think my secret talent is drawing out their fetishes . "
Austin's brothels still draw customers , who drive in from four or five hours away , but she says they 're " not getting fellows from Chicago or the East Coast -- if you know what I mean . "
Her resort compound typically holds up to 150 men during the course of a day .
" Last year was a banner year , " she says .
But 2008 started out slow .
Even so , she 's not worried about the future .
" I 've got some great smiling ladies , let 's put it that way , " she says .
" We 'll survive this .
And we 'll be here and smiling when all this picks back up . "
" Sex is sex , " says Nyoka .
" So , they 'll make a budget for it . "
[ Via - ABC ]
Data Fudging 101 . The History Of US Government Statistics Manipulation
10 Best Books About Human Irrationality
Mariage Annulled , After Bride Turns Out To Be Not A Virgin .
Weird $ 4 Gas Side - Effect
Good life in prison - Brazil inmate had $ 173 K , guns , TV , fridge in cell
I tell you , I love living in New York , but sometimes , the government here does things that make me scratch my head and want to scream .
Generally , it ’s a pretty progressive state -- but the reactionaries that serve in the state ’s governing bodies , the State Assembly and the State Senate , can infuriate people with their recalcitrant ways .
One such anti-videogames lobbyist is Republican New York State Senator Andrew Lanza .
Last year , Lanza introduced a bill in the Senate that had the intent of cracking down on videogame violence .
It aimed to do that by establishing an Advisory Council on Interactive Media and Youth Violence , as well as a Parent - Teacher Anti-Violence Awareness Program , and by requiring all games sold in New York ( at retail or over the Internet ) to carry an ESRB rating label .
For more on that bill , check out David Houghton ’s detailed analysis of its pros and cons .
The bill was passed astonishingly quickly -- in four days -- but it never became law due to political battles between then - Governor Eliot Spitzer and Republican Senators .
I ’ll give Lanza some credit here ; he seems to be undaunted by failure , as he sponsored a nearly identical bill in the State Senate this year .
The bill was first proposed in the State Assembly by Democratic Assemblyman Joseph Lenton of Brooklyn .
This bill has the added requirement that all videogame consoles have regulatory controls .
It passed unanimously on June 23rd in the Assembly , and it was up for a vote in the State Senate yesterday .
Thanks to Lanza ’s defense of the legislation , it passed 61 - 1 .
Now , the bill will go directly to Governor David Paterson .
If he signs it , the bill will become law on September 1 , 2010 -- though the games industry will surely file a federal lawsuit on the grounds that the bill is unconstitutional .
Hit the jump for my own analysis of this unfortunate situation .
[ Via GamePolitics -- thanks , power - glove ! ]
[ Update :
The article originally discussed unrated games and movies , which are exempt from the bill .
Changes have been made to reflect this .
-- SS ]
Unfortunately , the bill is already on its way to Governor Paterson .
Before it was passed in the State Senate , the Video Game Voters Network ( an organization sponsored by the Entertainment Software Association , the parent organization of the ESRB ) exhorted New York residents to send letters to their state legislators , telling the politicians to vote against the bill .
I guess no one was listening , since there was only one dissenting vote .
My main problems with this bill are : it ’s essentially pointless and redundant , and it unfairly singles out the videogame industry .
Let ’s dissect it :
Advisory Council on Interactive Media and Youth Violence
The bill provides for the creation of a 16 - member government council to do the following : study the potential effects of violent videogames , examine the ESRB ratings system and its effectiveness , and potentially establish a Parent - Teacher Violence Awareness Program to “ identify and appropriately assist students who may have a propensity toward violence . ”
Why is such a council necessary ?
After all , a Federal Trade Commission ( FTC ) study found that 80 % of the time , retailers did n’t sell M-rated games to kids under the age of 17 .
That ’s much better than the rate at which movie theaters were able to prevent under - 17s from seeing R- rated movies without an of - age companion ( 65 % ) .
And as for stores selling DVDs of R - rated films , forget it : they did it just under half the time ( 53 % prevention ) .
So obviously , the rating system is doing its job -- and as such , if you ’re going to target the self - regulating private organization , why not go after the Motion Picture Association of America ( MPAA ) for its film rating system as well ?
Required parental controls on videogame consoles
All of the “ big three ” consoles of this generation already have parental controls .
In fact , there ’s a great USA Today article from December 2006 that explains how to set them up on the PlayStation 3 , PlayStation Portable , Xbox 360 , and Nintendo Wii ( ironically enough , the DS does n’t have any such system , except for its web browser ) .
The bill actually only covers non-portable videogame consoles ( “ such terms shall not include a personal computer , nor shall they include a handheld device in which such entire device , including the viewing screen , is designed to be held in one ’s hand ” ) , so the PSP and DS are exempt anyway .
And no offense , but if you have kids and you either ( A ) ca n’t figure out the controls , or ( B ) ca n’t be bothered to do so , well , you need to do a better job of being a parent .
It ’s not Sony ’s , Microsoft ’s , or Nintendo ’s fault that soccer moms claim to have better things to do than making sure that their children do n’t have access to violent videogames .
Thus , it also should n’t be something that the New York State legislature has to reinforce by law .
Required display of rating for videogames and films
The final section of the bill is rather curious -- it applies to videogames as well as movies , and it enacts requirements for the display of ratings :
No person , partnership or corporation shall sell or rent at retail or attempt to sell or rent at retail a VIDEO GAME OR film unless { the} A VIDEO GAME rating {of} OR the RATING OF THE motion picture from which {it} THE FILM was copied is clearly displayed on the outside of the case , jacket or other cover of the VIDEO GAME OR film .
Yet again , we have a redundant part of the bill .
According to the ESRB ’s Web site , games with ESRB ratings are required to display ratings information on game packaging and in advertising .
If a publisher fails to adequately satisfy these requirements , the ESRB can take action that includes : “ the re-labeling of product inventory and unsold product at retail or , potentially , a product recall . ”
Once again , this has already been taken care of by the self - regulatory ESRB , so the New York State government does n’t need to meddle in the proceedings .
In its article on last year ’s Lanza - introduced bill , GamePolitics noted that such “ content - based restrictions ” have meant death in the “ First Amendment scrap heap ” for pretty much every other bill like this .
Regardless , the passage of this bill in the State Assembly and Senate has been quite expedient , so lamentably , it looks as if Gov. Paterson will soon sign it into law .
We may be in for a long , protracted legal battle , my friends -- let ’s hope my fellow New Yorkers come to their senses .
Welfare ... the forcible taking of resources from productive citizens and parts of the economy to give to those deemed , by way of progressive thought , " less fortunate " ... is immoral , pure and simple .
It is immoral as it regards the individual , family , or business from which resources are taken , but it is equally immoral toward the recipients of such government largess .
It destroys incentive , values , and self - worth as nothing else ever could .
I wo n't belabor the point , I shall simply refer you to the following .
And such is the future that the Pelosi - Kennedy - Clinton - Obama cabal wishes for America .
From the London Daily Mail :
Meet the families where no one 's worked for THREE generations - and they do n't care
By SADIE NICHOLAS and DIANA APPLEYARD - 21st March 2008
Known as the " Shameless " family among horrified neighbours , the McFaddens " boast " three generations of adults who are not working .
All ten members of the clan share a council house and live off benefits amounting to around £ 32,000 a year .
And very happy they are , too .
( John ’s note … that ’s more than $ 64,000 ! )
Matriarch is grandmother Sue McFadden , 54 .
" Our neighbours are so snobby - they call us the " Shameless " family and say that we ought to go out to work .
But how can we work when we have all these children to look after ?
" The only problem is , " she says without a hint of irony , " that we 're living in a three - bedroom council house , which is ridiculous .
" I'm asking the council for a ten - bedroom home for all of us .
We need more space .
It 's awful sometimes when all the children are squabbling .
Still , we do have a big TV with Sky , but we need some relaxation . "
Of course they do , poor lambs .
What a damning verdict on our claim - it - all society , a grotesque mirror of the dark television drama Shameless .
That show features fictional father - of - eight Frank , who is work - shy and self - pitying .
Living on the Chatsworth Estate , he heads a family of dysfunctional teenagers living on an estate of benefit claimants and cheats .
The McFaddens bear an uncanny resemblance .
Grandmother
Sue is divorced and has three daughters , Theresa , 34 , Debbie , 32 , and Tammy , 24 .
None of the adults living in the house in Ellesmere Port , near Chester , has a job , and there are also six grandchildren living at home - Kyle , 18 , Clayton , 12 , Tyler , nine , Courtney , eight , Jodie , seven , and Lucas , six .
But the really disturbing aspect of the McFaddens ' lifestyle is that they are far from alone .
Six million Britons are living in homes where no one has a job and " benefits are a way of life " , according to a report by MPs .
Shock figures also revealed that 20,000 households in Britain are pocketing more than £ 30,000 a year in state benefits .
With thousands of children growing up in families where their parents and grandparents have never worked , a senior government adviser warned this week of a " terrible legacy " of youngsters who had no expectation of ever getting a job .
Sue herself is defiant .
" People do n't understand how hard it is to keep a family like this going - no wonder we can't work .
How could I go out to work with all these children at home ?
Local people call us scroungers and that is so unfair .
We need the money to keep the family going .
" We get about £ 2,700 a month in benefits , from income support to disability allowance , and child benefit for the kids .
Kyle is at college and he gets the Education Maintenance Allowance of £ 30 a week , and we get Housing Benefit , too .
Our rent is £ 40 a week , so our benefits do n't go far . "
Jean Thompson , 66 , has n't worked for over 40 years .
She lives in Neath , Swansea , with husband Glyn , 61 , a retired plumber .
They have three grown - up children , two of whom live on benefits , including son Steven Martin , 39 .
Jean says : " My own dad worked down the pit , but my mum did n't work , so I suppose I wanted the same life that she had when I grew up .
I just wanted to be at home and live off other people .
" I left school at 15 with no qualifications and worked in a sewing factory for a short while then gave it up and went on the dole instead .
Even when my kids were older , I did n't go back to work because I did n't want to .
I never get bored .
I just sew , knit and clean .
" I do n't worry about the example I set to my kids or the fact that two of them do n't work .
It 's up to them
what they do , it 's their life , not mine , so it 's not my problem .
I do n't think my desire never to work and to live off the state and my husband rubbed off on Steven .
He makes his own decisions .
" I 'm certainly not angry that Steven does n't have a job .
He 's got children , that 's his job .
And I do n't worry that he 's setting a bad example to his children - that 's up to him . "
Steven left school 23 years ago and has worked for only five years in that time .
It 's 12 years since he last had a job .
Steven lives in Swansea with partner Donna , 24 , who 's never worked , and their daughter Celsea , three .
His eldest daughter from a previous partner , 17 - year - old Jessica , is also on benefits .
Steven says : " Mum never really made us think about work .
I did do a plumbing YTS scheme after school .
They paid £ 27 a week , but it was so boring looking at pipes and sinks all day .
When I told my dad I was bored , he said I should never stick with a job I did n't like .
" So , eventually , in my 20s , I thought : " I 've tried security work and plumbing and I 've even been a taxi driver for six months , but I just do n't like working " .
My mates all left school and became mechanics , sweating it out in stinking , dirty garages for a couple of hundred quid a week .
" I 'm much better off than any of them .
The highlight of their day is going to the bakery to get a pasty for lunch and they 've aged 20 years from the stress of working for a pittance and being stuck indoors all day .
It 's my right to claim benefits .
We 're all entitled to do what we want in life .
" I could have trained as a fireman or something , but I did n't want the responsibility .
All I 've ever wanted is to chill out and have easy money .
All my family and friends live in council houses - my parents included . "
Steven 's daughter Jessica left school last year without any qualifications and has been claiming benefits since .
She says : " It 's fine that my mum and dad do n't work .
I 'm not ashamed or anything .
" But I suppose if they did both have jobs then I 'd have grown up seeing them going to work and earning money and realised how you go about getting work and holding down a job .
That would have made me more likely to leave school and want to get a job straight away .
But they 've both managed OK on benefits .
" Because my gran , Jean , did n't work either then I suppose it 's just normal in our family not to have jobs .
" I do n't like the idea of having to be bossed around at work and I do n't want to go to college or anything because I like to stay in bed in the morning .
In the meantime , it 's my right to claim benefits .
One day I 'd like a council flat . "
There have been an astonishing number of comments on my post about the Debian OpenSSL debacle , clearly this is a subject people have strong feelings about .
But there are some points raised that need addressing , so here we go .
Firstly , many , many people seem to think that I am opposed to removing the use of uninitialised memory .
I am not .
As has been pointed out , this leads to undefined behaviour – and whilst that ’s probably not a real issue given the current state of compiler technology , I can certainly believe in a future where compilers are clever enough to work out that on some calls the memory is not initialised and take action that might be unfortunate .
I would also note in passing that my copy of K&R ( second edition ) does not discuss this issue , and ISO / IEC 9899 , which some have quoted in support , rather post - dates the code in OpenSSL .
To be clear , I am now in favour of addressing this issue correctly .
And this leads me to the second point .
Many people seem to be confused about what change was actually made .
There were , in fact , two changes .
The first concerned a function called ssleay_rand_add ( ) .
As a developer using OpenSSL you would never call this function directly , but it is usually ( unless a custom PRNG has been substituted , as happens in FIPS mode , for example ) called indirectly via RAND_add ( ) .
This call is the only way entropy can be added to the PRNG ’s pool .
OpenSSL calls RAND_add ( ) on buffers that may not have been initialised in a couple of places , and this is the cause of the valgrind warnings .
However , rather than fix the calls to RAND_add ( ) , the Debian maintainer instead removed the code that added the buffer handed to ssleay_rand_add ( ) to the pool .
This meant that the pool ended up with essentially no entropy .
Clearly this was a very bad idea .
The second change was in ssleay_rand_bytes ( ) , a function that extracts randomness from the pool into a buffer .
Again , applications would access this via RAND_bytes ( ) rather than directly .
In this function , the contents of the buffer before it is filled are added to the pool .
Once more , this could be uninitialised .
The Debian developer also removed this call , and that is fine .
The third point : several people have come to the conclusion that OpenSSL relies on uninitialised memory for entropy .
This is not so .
OpenSSL gets its entropy from a variety of platform - dependent sources .
Uninitialised memory is merely a bonus source of potential entropy , and is not counted as “ real ” entropy .
Fourthly , I said in my original post that if the Debian maintainer had asked the developers , then we would have advised against such a change .
About 50 % of the comments on my post point to this conversation on the openssl - dev mailing list .
In this thread , the Debian maintainer states his intention to remove for debugging purposes a couple of lines that are “ adding an unintialiased buffer to the pool ” .
In fact , the first line he quotes is the first one I described above , i.e. the only route to adding anything to the pool .
Two OpenSSL developers responded , the first saying “ use - DPURIFY ” and the second saying “ if it helps with debugging , I ’m in favor of removing them ” .
Had they been inspired to check carefully what these lines of code actually were , rather than believing the description , then they would , indeed , have noticed the problem and said something , I am sure .
But their response can hardly be taken as unconditional endorsement of the change .
Fifthly , I said that openssl - dev was not the way to ensure you had the attention of the OpenSSL team .
Many have pointed out that the website says it is the place to discuss the development of OpenSSL , and this is true , it is what it says .
But it is wrong .
The reality is that the list is used to discuss application development questions and is not reliably read by the development team .
Sixthly , my objection to the fix Debian put in place has been misunderstood .
The issue is not that they did not fully reverse their previous patch – as I say above , the second removal is actually fine .
My issue is that it was committed to a public repository five days before an advisory was issued .
Only a single attacker has to notice that and realise its import in order to start exploiting vulnerable systems – and I will be surprised if that has not happened .
I think that ’s about enough clarification .
The question is : what should we do to avoid this happening again ?
Firstly , if package maintainers think they are fixing a bug , then they should try to get it fixed upstream , not fix it locally .
Had that been done in this case , there is no doubt none of this would have happened .
Secondly , it seems clear that we ( the OpenSSL team ) need to find a way that people can reliably communicate with us in these kinds of cases .
The problem with the second is that there are a lot of people who think we should assist them , and OpenSSL is spectacularly underfunded compared to most other open source projects of its importance .
No -one that I am aware of is paid by their employer to work full - time on it .
Despite the widespread use of OpenSSL , almost no - one funds development on it .
And , indeed , many commercial companies who absolutely depend on it refuse to even acknowledge publicly that they use it , despite the requirements of the licence , let alone contribute towards it in any way .
I welcome any suggestions to improve this situation .
Incidentally , some of the comments are not exactly what I would consider appropriate , and there ’s a lot of repetition .
I moderate comments on my blog , but only to remove spam ( and the occasional cockup , such as people posting twice , not realising they are being moderated ) .
I do not censor the comments , so do n’t blame me for their content !
Singular Sexual Spice For Men
You ’ve probably been jacking off for many , many years now .
You probably started feeling your penis and testes for the
pleasurable sensations it created before you even knew the
proper words for them .
You probably think you know
everything there is to know about pleasing yourself .
Maybe
you do , but then again , maybe you do n’t .
I do n’t even HAVE a penis ( not counting those on loan or the
ones that can go through the dishwasher ) but I ’ve talked to a
lot of folks who do .
It turns out that many men do the same
things time and again to get off .
It ’s not that men do n’t have
rich imaginations – they certainly do !
It ’s not that men are
afraid to try new things – many are not .
It ’s just that human
beings of all sorts tend to get stuck in ruts particularly when
they discover something that works .
There ’s nothing wrong
with taking comfort in jacking off like you did as a boy but
there ’s something to be said for variety .
I ’ve made a list of some fun things you might try - alone or
with a playmate – to spice up your self - loving .
Do n’t stop
there , use these ideas as a springboard for your own fanciful
explorations .
* Invest in a pair of satin or silk women ’s panties and a satin
sheet set .
If you ’re too shy to buy women ’s underwear , buy
yourself some silky or satiny boxer shorts .
Make your bed
with the satin sheets and pillowcases .
Put on the silk or satin
underpants .
Lie face down and slide around on the silky
sheets , focusing on the sensations this causes in your penis .
You can also lay the pillows on the bed and hump them either
just by rubbing your cock across the top of them or by
removing the underwear , squeezing the satin clad pillows
together and fucking the space between them .
* Fold a blanket and roll it up like a sleeping bag or jelly
donut , tying it with a belt , cord , and necktie or whatever to
keep it rolled .
Squish a generous dollop of lube inside a
sandwich baggie .
Put the baggie on your penis , stroking to
cover it well with lube .
Holding the baggie over your penis ,
now fuck the rolled up blanket .
* Find a nice , large , ripe banana .
Wash it with hot soapy
water being careful to rinse it very well .
Cut off the stem end
of the banana with a sharp knife and squeeze out the
contents , leaving the slippery skin for you to penetrate .
For
extra sensation you can warm the banana by putting it in a
pitcher of hot water for several minutes before cutting it open .
* Make some stove top pudding as per the directions pouring
it into a plastic cup to set .
Cover the top with two or three
layers of plastic wrap and secure it with a rubber band .
Allow
the pudding to cool to a safe temperature .
Pop a small hole
in the plastic wrap with your fingers , gently expanding it to just
smaller than your penis .
Now apply a condom and fuck the
cup .
For variation you could use cooked pasta instead of
pudding .
* Wrap a string of beads around your hand , using cheap ones
like the kind they give out at Mardi Gras .
Apply lots of lube to
your penis and slide your beaded hand gently along the
shaft .
Alternatively , you could skip the lube and wrap your
hand with a silk scarf or other slick material over the beads
and then jack off .
* You can also simply explore different tactile sensations .
Try
masturbating with a fur mitten or a pair of latex gloves on .
Touch yourself with silk scarves , satin pillowcases or panties ,
faux fur , Vellux blankets , velvet fabric , or a washcloth
moistened with lube .
The possibilities are endless .
Try treating yourself the way you ’d treat a partner – with
creativity , passion , and lust – and you ’ll reap the rewards of
delicious self - pleasure .
They want to outlaw Xboxes and ban Christmas , do away with the Arab world 's version of " American Idol , " and keep female drivers off the roads .
Kuwait is seeing a surge in conservative Islamist legislative proposals just one month after the country 's Salafi Islamists and tribal candidates gained a majority in its National Assembly .
With 29 out of 50 seats , this newly empowered bloc appears to be testing its political capital and could succeed in making an already conservative country even more socially strict .
Their drive comes as the Gulf region debates the pace of social development in a tug of war between traditionalists and modernists .
While the oil boom brings in a flood of Westerners and their ideas , traditional local societies are increasingly questioning how much change they 'll accept along with the economic surge .
Foreigners now account for 12.5 million people , or nearly half of the 33 million population in the six Gulf Cooperation Council ( GCC ) member states : Bahrain , Kuwait , Qatar , Oman , Saudi Arabia , and the United Arab Emirates .
Kuwaitis and other locals are also traveling and studying abroad at greater numbers and returning home with experiences once alien to this arid region of the world .
The impact has indeed angered many here .
And some – like the Islamist parliamentarians in Kuwait – are reacting with a vengeance .
Since winning control of the legislature in the May 17 polls , not only has the conservative bloc begun pushing proposals calling for the banning of reality TV and private parties in hotels , but they have also created a parliamentary committee mandated to " study the negative effects of foreign phenomena " in Kuwait .
Islamist member of parliament ( MP ) Waleed al - Tabtabae , known for his opposition to female sports teams whose athletes would wear shorts , slammed the popular reality music show " Star Academy " ( the region 's version of " American Idol " ) when its recruiters came to Kuwait looking for contestants .
" The recruitment of youth for a program that destroys morals and fights our [ Islamic ] values is no less bad and dangerous than recruiting them for terrorism or for peddling drugs , " said the fiery parliamentarian in a statement to the press in late May .
Several Islamist
MPs walked out of parliament during its opening session to protest the appointment of two female ministers – one for education , the other for housing .
Islamist tribal MP Mohammad Hayif al - Mutairi said they were boycotting the opening session because the two female ministers " were not abiding by sharia ( Islamic law ) . "
Neither of the women wear the hijab , the Islamic head scarf worn by many Muslim women .
The rise of the Salafis , members of the austere branch of Sunni Islam that has its origins in Saudi Arabia , came in large part because of a new electoral system and growing frustration with institutionalized corruption .
The parliamentary polls were held after an electoral redistricting that divided Kuwait into five districts , permitting 10 MPs to be elected from each district , for a total of 50 seats .
Two of the districts are fully tribal , ensuring 20 seats for tribal MPs .
In the first and second district , an additional three tribal MPs won seats .
The tribal MPs either tend to be members of the Salafi group or openly sympathetic to their agenda .
" The problem is that the tribal [ MPs ] are also being infiltrated by the Islamists , especially the Salafi and especially in the fifth district .
There are actually candidates who stood on a tribal basis , but within that they are actually affiliated with the Salafi , " explains Ayad al - Manna , a Kuwaiti political analyst .
While some Salafis have said they do n't want to turn Kuwait into Saudi Arabia , liberal groups in Kuwait are fearful that the Islamists will use their new power to set up bodies like Saudi 's religious police .
The Committee for the Promotion of Virtue and the Prevention of Vice , also called the mutawa , patrols the streets , shops , and public spaces of Saudi Arabia and arrests anyone suspected of indecent behavior .
The mutawa have come under pressure recently in Saudi Arabia due to several cases where suspects died in custody or when trying to flee arrest .
" I 'm not actually worried about the Salafis when it comes to politics .
I 'm worried about them when it comes to social life , " says Mr. Manna .
He 's not the only one .
Seventeen nongovernmental organizations in Kuwait have come together to protest the parliament 's " foreign influences " committee and to combat what they label as the ideological agendas of the Islamists .
The greater Salafi influence in Kuwait , however , is not likely to affect Kuwait 's strategic alliance with the United States .
It could make it more difficult for the US to find sympathy and support for its regional agenda here .
It may also put pressure on the US military stationed in Kuwait to keep a lower profile and to maintain a high degree of decorum in public .
Recent unconfirmed reports of US soldiers firing rounds from their weapons last month during a traffic altercation with a Kuwaiti citizen may be exploited by Salafi politicians to further stoke anti-US sentiment , which has grown considerably since 2006 , mostly as enthusiasm for the US - led occupation of Iraq has waned .
About 25,000 US troops are stationed in Kuwait .
The combination of tribal power and Salafi Islamist orientation may equal trouble for staid Kuwait .
The government and parliament have already spent the past two years battling over nearly every bill and failing to pass nearly every significant piece of economic reform legislation that would allow Kuwait to match developing powerhouses Dubai or Qatar .
The coming summer break , and then Ramadan , should cool things down in the short term .
Parliament will recess June 26 until the end of October .
In their first month in power , however , Salafi Islamists and tribal MPs have begun work on fundamentally redefining social behavior in Kuwait to fit their ideological and religious interpretation .
The Bet : Gold = $ 1,650 by 2011 ; The Wager $ 1M
My S. African pal Prieur du Plessis informs us of this interesting wager from Jim Sinclair : A $ 1 million wager for the price of gold over the next 3 years .
Assuming this is more than a marketing stunt , here are Sinclair 's terms :
My position on timing and price is that Gold will trade at USD $ 1650 before the second week of January 2011 .
I am offering a $ 1,000,000USD wager to a financially qualified party that this will occur within the stated timeframe .
Any party on Bloomberg , CNBC or CNN - Business stating an opposite opinion on the price of gold should be informed of this challenge .
Please communicate to ANY vocal bearish so - called gold expert that I challenge them to put their money on their views .
Any commentator unable to financially meet this challenge should not be opining .
If they really knew the gold and currency market they could easily meet the challenge .
The technical procedure of a serious wager is :
Prove you can in fact wage the challenge by an attorney 's letter .
Segregate the funds in cash or near cash kind in the hands of your attorney .
Execute an agreed upon binding contract stating the terms of the wager .
I have been a bull on commodities and Gold for quite some time .
But there are plenty of Gold Bears out there .
Will any of them rise to the bait ?
~~~
UPDATE : April 3 , 2008 6:43 am
Neal informs us this is not a marketing ploy for several reasons :
1. Jim Sinclair is the CEO of TRE
2 . His website www.jsmineset.com is a free website
3 . He has been bullish on gold since the upper $ 200's
4 . He has been dead on with his accuracy of where gold is going .
5 . He is tired of the top callers of gold anytime gold has a correction
6 . He is one of the country 's top gold traders .
>
Source :
A $ 1 million wager for gold bears
Prieur du Plessis
Investment Postcards from Cape Town , April 2 , 2008
http://www.investmentpostcards.com/2008/04/02/a-1-million-wager-for-gold-bears/
Wednesday , April 02 , 2008 | 02:00 PM | Permalink | Comments ( 52 ) | TrackBack ( 1 )
add to de.li.cious | digg this !
| add to technorati | email this post
Comments
Not unless they would like to depart with their $ 1 M .
Sinclair should have them take out $ 1 M in gold futures and DELIVER those ozs as payment instead of $ 1 M in cash as the NPV only be $ 750 K by then .
Posted by : Stuart | Apr 2 , 2008 2:08:58 PM
Studies Gone Wild : Death by Shower Curtain ?
New study on the hazards of shower curtains : do you believe it ?
June 12 , 2008  --
Could your shower curtain be harming your health ?
An environmental group claims in a new study of vinyl shower curtains that some of them may release into the air toxic chemicals which could cause asthma , eye irritation or even cancer .
" We have a clear - cut case that these products release elevated levels of harmful chemicals , " said report co-author Mike Schade , PVC campaign coordinator for the Center for Health , Environment and Justice .
" Our research builds on a growing body of evidence that shows that the government fails to protect us from the growing number of toxic chemicals in products . "
But some health experts are paying scant attention to those behind the curtain study .
And perhaps with good reason .
Skeptics pointed out what they call a glaring error in the study 's methodology .
The group tested a total of five shower curtains , of which only one shower curtain — not one brand ; one curtain — was subjected to complete testing for chemicals in its composition , as well as those it released into the air — a phenomenon known as " off - gassing . "
Further testing was not performed " to avoid potential instrument damage , " according to the report .
The study found the one curtain which was tested for off - gassing may have released , over the course of the first few hours after it was opened , chemicals that could be toxic if swallowed or inhaled only in quantities thousands of times greater than those found .
Critics said that the testing was not verified by an independent lab and did n't account for real - world conditions such as temperature or humidity in a shower stall .
The study also included estimated results for some of the chemical amounts it reported , and most of the off - gassed chemicals found initially were not detectable after a few days .
In short , it is a piece of shower curtain research that some experts said just does n't hold water .
" It 's a great example of how quickly a sound bite can become dangerous and contagious , " said ABC News medical contributor Dr. Marie Savard .
" The idea that people should be tossing out their shower curtains based on a study that more or less focuses on a single shower curtain is absurd .
This is scare science at its best , or worst , depending on how you look at it . "
Also sounding off against the study was the Consumer Product Safety Commission ( CSPC ) , the agency charged with protecting the public from dangers in more than 15,000 types of consumer products under its jurisdiction .
" The CSPC never just discounts or discredits information , " said CSPC spokesperson Julie Vallese .
" If it is a topic that the agency should have an interest in , we are always willing to take a look at the science . "
But in this case , she noted , " Our toxicological experts took a look at the report and have many , many concerns with the credibility of the science involved . "
Vallese cited the methodology , as well as the peer review , which comprised a selection of experts she criticized as non-objective .
" As for the report overall — based on the sound science and information that the CSPC has — the claims that are being made on shower curtains are ' phantasmagorical , ' " Vallese said , adding that she does n't get to use such a word very often in her work as a spokesperson .
Schade stood behind the report , noting that his team found that the shower curtains released 108 different volatile organic compounds , or VOCs .
He maintained that many of these compounds have been linked with developmental problems in children , cancer and other health effects .
But he conceded that whether the levels of these VOCs emitted by the curtains could be directly linked to health effects was difficult to determine .
" It 's really hard to say that , because there are currently no standards for indoor air quality . "
He cited that one class of chemicals — phthalates — were of particular concern due to their purported effects on babies in the womb .
" All five curtains we tested contained phthalates at pretty high concentrations , " he said .
Phthalates , however , are present in nearly all flexible plastics .
And the ubiquitous ingredient , unlike VOCs , is not released into the air by products containing it — suggesting that the primary way one would absorb it from their shower curtain would be through eating it .
Still , Shanna Swan , director of the Center for Reproductive Epidemiology at the University of Rochester School of Medicine and Dentistry , said that the idea that the researchers detected so many compounds warrants further study .
" I was surprised and alarmed by the large number of volatile organic compounds measured , " she said .
" I think it 's a very strong message that we are exposed to mixtures of chemicals . "
But she agreed that the findings , on their own , were far too weak to be considered a basis for an all - out ban on vinyl shower curtains .
" I do n't think that this is a case for panic or immediately ripping these things out of houses , " she said .
" I do n't think any regulations would be made on a single study . "
And other epidemiologists cited the need for evidence of real - world effects in any study .
" I would think that they would have data showing how health outcomes have changed [ due to exposure to shower curtains ] , " said Dr. Tim Byers , professor of epidemiology and community health at the University of Colorado School of Medicine .
" That is always the question ; is this a laboratory phenomenon that is not related to ' in use ' conditions ? "
Vallese said that unless a stronger link can be proven , consumers can probably put their minds at ease the next time they purchase a new shower curtain .
" In our busy lives , there are so many things that people should be or could be focused on to improve their health and safety , " Vallese said .
" Their shower curtains are not one of them .
" I think there are a lot of people out there sounding the false alarm . "
Powerhouse ACC plays on as many NCAA women 's soccer teams sit on sidelines
The conference with more women 's soccer championships than any other opted for an abbreviated fall schedule now and a restart in the spring , when the NCAA plans to hold the College Cup .
Why Quit
Search WhyQuit
Top
Our Free E-books
Frequently Asked Questions
What is Why Quit ?
Founded in July 1999 , Why Quit is home to cold turkey quitting .
Visited by 2.2 million unique annual visitors , most are trying to stop smoking and seek motivation enhancement , insightful articles , free quitting e-books , tips guides , video counseling or group support .
But Why Quit is broader than just smoking .
It 's a nicotine cessation site .
So , whether addicted to smoked nicotine from cigarettes , cigars , beedies , a pipe or hookah , or slave to vaping e-cigs or dependent upon smokeless products such as dip , chewing tobacco or snus , or whether hooked nicotine replacement products such as the gum , lozenge , spray , patch or inhaler , you 're in the right place !
Why cold turkey ?
Because it works .
Each year more nicotine addicts arrest their chemical dependence by going cold turkey than by all other quitting methods combined .
Cold turkey is fast , free , safe , effective and highly productive .
But do n't take our word for it .
Ask all ex-smoking friends who have not allowed any nicotine into their bloodstream for at least one year how they quit .
You 'll discover a giant elephant or turkey in the room .
How is cold turkey defined ?
Cold turkey is the abrupt and complete cessation of nicotine use , without resort to any quitting product or procedure , including but not limited to : replacement nicotine ( the nicotine patch , gum , lozenge , spray or inhaler ) , any smoking cessation medication ( Chantix , Champix or Zyban ) , any shots , herbs or other pills , any smokeless or other tobacco product , any type of e-cigarette ( including reliance upon nicotine - free juices ) , or any form of hypnosis , acupuncture , or other procedure .
What is smart turkey ?
Imagine becoming smarter and wiser than nicotine 's grip upon us .
Real drug addicts in every sense , we 'll never be stronger than nicotine .
But then we do n't need to be .
Nicotine is simply a chemical with an I.Q. of zero .
It can not think , plan , plot or conspire and is not some monster or demon that dwells within .
Our greatest weapon has always been our intelligence but only if put to work .
So many links , where do I start ?
Search WhyQuit.com
By Ben Cohen
A couple of weeks ago , I wrote an article in the Huffingon Post on Chris Matthew 's schizophrenic attitude towards journalism titled ' Will the Real Chris Matthews Please Stand Up ? " .
I argued that although Matthews has the ability to engage in serious analysis , he often descends into hack journalism to satisfy MSNBC 's thirst for ratings .
Anyway , I came across this clip of Matthews schooling a right wing shock jock for his awful understanding of history .
Kevin James came onto Matthews show and began frothing at the mouth over Obama 's ' appeasement ' of Iran , comparing him to the British Prime Minister Neville Chamberlain ( famous for appeasing Hitler ) .
Matthews quickly pounces on the fact that James has virtually no knowledge of 20th century history , and has no idea what Chamberlain actually did .
Matthews does not let him off the hook and shows why he has the ability to be a very good journalist when he wants to be .
ADVERTISEMENT
Thanks for watching !
Visit Website
A 2006 Department of Defense directive on Information Operations ( pdf ) , which had previously been withheld as “ For Official Use Only , ” was released last week in response to a Freedom of Information Act request from the Federation of American Scientists .
The directive , issued by the Under Secretary of Defense ( Intelligence ) , assigns baseline responsibilities for the conduct of information operations , an umbrella term that includes electronic warfare , computer network operations , psychological operations , military deception , and operations security .
Among related capabilities , the directive cites “ public affairs , ” the purpose of which is “ to communicate military objectives , counter misinformation and disinformation , deter adversary actions , and maintain the trust and confidence of the U.S. population , as well as our friends and allies .
Effective military operations shall be based on credibility and shall not focus on directing or manipulating U.S. public actions or opinion . ”
The New York Times reported on April 20 that the Pentagon had mobilized numerous former military officials , some with unacknowledged financial interests in Department programs , to help generate favorable news coverage of the Bush Administration ’s war policies .
It is not clear ( to me , at least ) how this practice comports with the declared Pentagon policy on public affairs , i.e. whether it violates the policy , or implements it .
See “ Information Operations , ” Department of Defense Directive O-3600.1 , August 14 , 2006 .
Only a few weeks ago , prominent policymakers and economists were cheerfully asserting that the U.S. economy would dodge recession and keep chugging forward despite a housing bust , a credit crunch and continuing job losses .
“ The data are pretty clear that we are not in recession , ” said President Bush ’s chief economist , Edward Lazear .
Treasury Secretary Henry M. Paulson Jr. declared “ the worst is likely to be behind us ” and confidently predicted that more than $ 100 billion in tax rebates would help create half a million new jobs by the end of the year .
But instead of clearing , the skies over the economy have ominously darkened in recent days .
The chief reason is oil .
And there are signs the nation may have reached an economic tipping point after years of shrugging off the petroleum problem .
“ We may finally have crossed the line where the price of crude actually matters for most companies , ” said Peter Boockvar , equity strategist at New York financial firm Miller Tabak & Co .
“ The stock market has been in la-la land when it comes to oil , but they got a pretty good dose of reality the last few days . ”
Advertisement
The ill effects of the latest price hikes would not be so surprising if it were not for the fact that the nation ’s economy and financial markets remained blissfully unruffled by oil ’s upward march during most of the last five years .
Until this week .
“ The economic outlook has been taken hostage by the relentless surge in oil prices , ” said Robert V. DiClemente , chief U.S. economist at Citigroup in New York .
“ We ’re seeing an inexorable increase , and it does n’t seem like anybody ’s in charge or can do anything about it , ” added Bank of America senior economist Peter E. Kretzmer .
Big , small firms take hits
Advertisement
Among the signs that the economy may finally be feeling the effect of rising oil prices was Ford Motor Co. 's announcement Thursday that it was abandoning any hope of making a profit this year or next now that sales of its gas - guzzling pickup trucks and Explorer sport utility vehicles have plunged .
And experts said that the other two U.S. automakers , General Motors Corp. and Chrysler , may be in even greater trouble .
Ford Chief Executive Alan Mulally said the industry had “ reached a tipping point ” where energy costs were fundamentally changing what kind of vehicles Americans buy .
Meantime , to cope with higher energy prices , American Airlines and United Airlines both raised ticket prices , and American announced plans to impose a new baggage - handling fee .
But experts say the price hikes barely begin to make up for recent losses .
Advertisement
“ The airline industry is devastated .
It ca n’t survive $ 130 - a - barrel oil , ” said industry analyst Ray Neidl at Calyon Securities in New York .
Many analysts think that unless oil prices fall back to about $ 100 a barrel -- where they were as recently as April -- the industry will have to slash 20 % of its routes , the equivalent of knocking two major airlines out of business .
Companies as far flung from oil as SanDisk Corp. , the world ’s largest maker of the flash memory cards that go in such products as digital cameras and media players , said that sales were soft last month because rising oil prices were causing consumers to tighten their belts .
And it ’s not just big companies that are taking a hit .
Ted Holcomb , owner of Los Alamitos , Calif . - based Fiesta de Carnival , said he had been staggered by rocketing prices for everything including the diesel and gas that fuel his trucks and the propane that vendors use to fry churros and grill taco fillings .
Advertisement
Fiesta de Carnival makes money organizing and staging about 25 events a year , many of them city - funded festivals and street fairs .
The events feature games , live music , food , toys and rides , and are mostly attended by working - class Latino families who also are suffering from fuel - price shock .
The company is a good example of how rising oil prices can worm their way into every nook and cranny of the economy .
Oil prices have doubled in the last year , with a barrel of crude rising $ 1.38 on Friday to $ 132.19 in New York trading .
“ Attendance has been down 30 % to 40 % , and the people that do come have less to spend , ” Holcomb said .
“ A show usually has 15 rides and 50 to 60 kiosks .
We use semi- trailer rigs and pickup trucks to move the equipment , so we ’re hit by gasoline and diesel prices .
The bands want to be paid more because it ’s costing them a lot more to drive out to an event , ” he said .
Holcomb said that fuel costs have cut his profit .
An event that used to rake in $ 50,000 now brings in only about $ 30,000 .
Meanwhile , the cost of putting on the show has climbed from $ 15,000 to $ 20,000 .
Advertisement
“ I ’ve just never seen anything like this ” during the 12 years his company has operated , Holcomb said .
Choosing alternatives
Across the country , Ken Coneff , a salesman at Fitzgerald Toyota in Gaithersburg , Md. , said that until recently the auto dealership made its money selling pickup trucks while hybrids languished on the lot unsold .
Today , Fitzgerald is sold out of hybrids and has a long list on back order .
Advertisement
“ Hybrid is scarce . . . like a bald eagle , ” Coneff said .
Meanwhile , pickup trucks are piling up on the lot .
“ We ’re giving them away , in essence , ” he said .
Economists are generally skeptical about “ tipping points ” and claims of abrupt changes in economic direction .
“ There are n’t straws that break the economy ’s back , ” said Jim Glassman , senior economist at JPMorgan Chase in New York .
Companies and consumers adjust only gradually to changes such as oil price hikes , he said .
And , in fact , there ’s evidence that people have been adjusting to higher gas , heating and electrical costs for some time now .
Advertisement
Energy Department figures show that oil and fuel consumption dropped by 2.3 % over the last year .
And the Transportation Department released data Friday showing that the number of highway miles traveled by Americans in March fell 4.3 % from a year earlier , the steepest year - to - year drop since the government began keeping records during World War II .
But the price of oil has climbed so quickly and the most recent round of increases has struck at a moment of such vulnerability that many analysts are concerned that the economy is making a sharp swerve -- one that could set its direction for a long time to come .
“ The economy sailed through $ 70 and $ 80 [ a barrel ] oil with almost no friction at all , ” veteran energy analyst Daniel Yergin said .
“ But there ’s a big difference between $ 80 and $ 120 or $ 130 , ” he said .
“ Now we have an oil shock on top of a credit crunch , a housing slump and a slowdown . ”
Oil stifles stimulus plan
Advertisement
Analysts said that the latest increases were particularly disheartening because they knocked the wind out of what many had thought would provide the economy with a big , new boost : the arrival of $ 120 billion worth of tax rebate checks that Washington hopes will help rekindle growth by spurring consumption .
Chris Lafakis , an economist at Moody ’s Economy.com , a forecasting firm in West Chester , Pa. , said that the oil price increases to date had absorbed the rebates that consumers will be receiving , and then some .
Even with no further increase in oil prices , the cost of gasoline will almost certainly rise from the $ 3.79 that it averaged nationally this week .
That ’s because Americans drive more during the summer , pushing up demand and , with it , prices .
What that means , Lafakis said , is that if Americans drive as much as they did last summer , and oil prices remain stable , gas prices could hit $ 4.75 a gallon .
Advertisement
--
peter.gosselin@latimes.com
--
Times staff writers Maura Reynolds in Washington and Ronald D. White in Los Angeles contributed to this report .
Myth # 1 – Dark Beer is Heavy
Could n't be further from the truth , folks .
Colour in beer comes purely from the grain used in its creation , with darker beers containing more toasted or roasted barley malt and paler beers containing less or no darker malts .
And roasting malt does n't make it heavier or more caloric .
Myth # 2 – Ale is Stronger than Lager
The funny thing about this popular North American myth is that Brits think the exact opposite , with the perception in the U.K. being that way because best bitters normally sit around 4 % alcohol by volume and lagers generally come in around 5 % .
The truth is that alcohol comes from the amount of sugars provided for fermentation and has nothing to do with whether that fermentation takes place at warmer ( ale ) or cooler ( lager ) temperatures .
Myth # 3 – Beer Makes You Fat
Inactivity and bad diet make you fat .
Beer , when enjoyed in moderation and as part of balanced lifestyle , does n't .
Myth # 4 – Stout is a “ Meal in a Glass ”
Most stouts are no more caloric or filling than the yellow lager many people knock back by the pint on a Saturday night .
The reason we think otherwise is because we expect something that has a very dark colour to be richer than something that 's pale .
See Myth # 1 .
Myth # 5 – Bock is Brewed Each Spring After the Brewing Tanks are Cleaned
This one is so prevalent that it even made it into the pages of the landmark Time - Life book series , “ Foods of the World , ” in the “ Wine and Spirits ” volume .
The idea is that the brewer cleans his or her tanks once a year and ferments the gunk scraped off the sides into a beer called bock .
Suffice to say that any brewer who did this once would n't be in business long enough to do it again .
( Bock is simply a Germanic style of strong lager , likely originating in the town of Einbeck , from which the corruption “ bock ” was formed . )
Myth # 6 – Cold - Filtering
Here 's one from the marketing geniuses behind the big breweries .
Simply , all beer is cold - filtered , since only a fool would run their beer through a “ hot filter , ” even if such a thing did exist in a brewery .
What the use of this phrase is really saying , usually , is that the beer is not pasteurized , as are many of the world 's biggest selling brands .
Myth # 7 – Draught Gets You Drunk Faster than Bottled Beer ( or Vice Versa )
Here 's what gets you drunk : Alcohol .
Whether it comes from bottled or draught beer , wine , cocktails or straight spirits does n't matter .
Myth # 8 – Imported Beer is Better than Domestic Beer
Almost every brewer exporting his or her beer to a foreign destination exploits this myth at one time or another , whether implicitly or explicitly .
But that fact remains that beer from any given country is not necessarily going to be better than that from another , as witnessed by some of the great beers I 've tasted from non-traditional brewing countries like Italy and Brazil , or some of the poor ones I 've had from brewing powers like England and Belgium .
Myth # 9 – Wine is More Complex Than Beer
Give me a break !
I enjoy wine as much as the next drinker , and I appreciate the complexities and nuances of a truly fine zinfandel or sauvignon blanc , but how can a drink made from a single ingredient , grapes , be necessarily more complex in flavour than one made from a minimum of water , malt and hops and an almost limitless diversity of other ingredients ?
Ever find coriander or cumin notes in a wine ?
No ?
Well , you can in a beer .
Myth # 10 – “ That Beer I Had last Night Made Me Sick ”
Maybe the scallops you ate at dinner made you sick , or perhaps you picked up a contaminant from somewhere else or simply drank too much .
But being a boiled and fermented alcoholic beverage , the chances of a beer causing illness is very , very , very slight .
Myth # 11 – Fruit Beers Are “ Girly Beers ”
Get it straight :
Hops only started being used in brewing about 1,000 to 1,200 years ago .
Up until then , for at least five millennia , beer was flavoured with a wide variety of spices , herbs and , yes , fruits .
In fact , archeological research has shown that King Tut drank fruit beer , and he was one dude you could hardly consider “ girly . ”
Myth # 12 – Ales Are Necessarily Better Than Lagers
This common though misguided beer aficionado myth stems largely from the fact that most major brewery brands are lagers , and the vast majority of those lie low on the flavour meter .
But as many excellent lager brewers show , cold - fermented beers like Ontario 's King Pilsner , Live Oak Pilz from Texas and the classic Budweiser Budvar from the Czech Republic , sold in North America as Czechvar , can be every bit as flavourful , complex and rewarding as any ale .
Myth # 13 – Canadian Beer is Stronger Than American Beer
A popular perception from the bad old days of major brewery domination , this one stemmed from the fact that , until recently , American breweries measured their alcohol contents by weight while Canadians used volume measures .
Since 4 % alcohol by weight is equal to 5 % by volume , north - of - the - border brews were thought to be more potent than their southern cousins .
Today , with 1,400 breweries in the States and another couple of hundred in Canada , this should n't even be remotely considered as valid .
Myth # 14 – German Wheat Beers Are Flavoured With Bananas and Cloves
The Bavarian Purity Law of 1516 , called the Reinheitsgebot , mandates that beer be made from only malted grain , hops and water , with yeast as a given .
So no , there are no fruits or spices in the Bavarian style of wheat beer variously known as hefeweizen , weissbier or hefeweissbier .
What causes the banana and clove flavours and aromas normally associated with these brews are the particular yeasts used to ferment them .
Myth # 15 – Beer and Fine Dining Don't Mix
With its wealth of flavours and finely nuanced characters , the world of beer has a style to pair with any food , from the commonplace to the extravagant .
( See Myth # 9 for more on this . )
The reason we tend to place wine at the table rather than beer is because that 's what the French do , and the western world learned much of what it knows about fine dining from the French .
[ Via - That 's The Spirit ]
The Brits Are Drowning In Debt
Man Gets Stolen Mustang Back 38 Years Later
Overdosed !
Requiem for a Departing Economic System
Judges overturn libel verdict over bad review given Irish pizzeria
Sex Too Hard to Sell These Days
A dozen pregnant women wanted - for ballet
SAN FRANCISCO ( MarketWatch ) --
The market for large sport-utility vehicles and trucks is in a sudden free fall as owners confronting potential $ 100 fill - ups are rushing to unload their petrol pigs to spare themselves squeals of pain at the pump .
The values of many used models have dropped as much as $ 4,000 below recent " book " prices .
Many dealers are offering even less on trade - ins on the least - popular vehicles -- if they 'll even take them at all .
The same mass anxiety that gripped Americans driving large , eight - cylinder sedans by the early 1980s and spurred rapid replacement with four - cylinder gas misers is resurfacing with a vengeance .
The question many distraught owners need to ask themselves is whether dumping their SUV or minivan is a smart financial move in the long term .
" People need to put pencil to paper to see what it will really cost them , because there are other ways to save on gas costs , " says Dale Early , owner of Deerbrook Forest Chrysler Jeep in Kingwood , Texas , and a National Automobile Dealers Association board member .
Before selling off a gas glutton , owners should consider the following to avoid being pennywise and pound foolish :
The cost of a replacement vehicle .
Buying a hybrid may seem like a financial lifesaver , but not if your gas guzzler is paid off or soon will be , Early says .
Taking on a $ 400 monthly car payment may put a far more severe crimp in personal cash flow -- nearly $ 5,000 annually for five or six years -- than the higher annual fuel costs for a large vehicle .
If your large vehicle is n't likely to need a major repair in the next few years , you may be better off holding onto it .
Buying a hybrid may seem like a financial lifesaver , but not if your gas guzzler is paid off or soon will be , Early says .
Taking on a $ 400 monthly car payment may put a far more severe crimp in personal cash flow -- nearly $ 5,000 annually for five or six years -- than the higher annual fuel costs for a large vehicle .
If your large vehicle is n't likely to need a major repair in the next few years , you may be better off holding onto it .
Limiting usage .
If you 're in a household with two vehicles and one gets reasonably good gas mileage , you 'll save on gas spending by driving that one primarily and leaving your larger vehicle parked as much as possible .
If you 're in a household with two vehicles and one gets reasonably good gas mileage , you 'll save on gas spending by driving that one primarily and leaving your larger vehicle parked as much as possible .
Sell off your other vehicle .
If one of your household 's vehicles is a midsize sedan or similar fuel - efficient vehicle , consider selling or trading it in instead .
You 'll get good money for that car rather than taking a massive hit on your larger vehicle 's value , and you can use the proceeds to buy a top mileage producer to replace it .
If one of your household 's vehicles is a midsize sedan or similar fuel - efficient vehicle , consider selling or trading it in instead .
You 'll get good money for that car rather than taking a massive hit on your larger vehicle 's value , and you can use the proceeds to buy a top mileage producer to replace it .
Weather the storm .
If gas prices fall or even just level off in the next few months , dealers say the large - vehicle values will likely recover by $ 1,500 to $ 2,000 with an easing in our collective anxiety level .
" If gas prices stabilize , SUV values will come back up some .
People should n't be in a hurry to rush out and take a bath right now , " says Chris Martin , president of E - Z Auto in Fayetteville , N.C. , chairman of the Carolinas Independent Automobile Dealers Association .
" There 's been so much emotion and panic , people are n't really paying attention to the practical options and solutions , " Early says .
" Getting your brains blown out on a trade - in and paying a premium for a subcompact right now may not be the most economical decision . "
In preparation for sale
If you want to get the most for your large vehicle , there are three steps to take before offering it up for a private sale or trade - in , says Marc Cannon , senior vice president for Auto Nation , which owns dealerships in 16 states and sells more than 500,000 cars a year .
As with selling any used vehicle , Cannon says you 'll recoup more of what you paid for it if you go to these minimal lengths , though they may entail spending a few out - of - pocket dollars :
Get the vehicle detailed .
Even if you do n't recover all the money you 'll drop on a deep - cleaning and waxing , you 'll stand a better chance of attracting a buyer or dealer trade - in if the vehicle is looking its best .
Do minor repairs .
All the little fixes you 've been meaning to get but have n't wo n't go unnoticed by buyers with numerous choices in a glutted market .
Whether it's a busted side - view mirror or replacing two severely worn tires , taking care of easy fixes would be a wise move .
Gather all repair records .
The more extensively you can document the maintenance and repair work you 've had done , the more confident a potential buyer will be that they 're getting a reliable vehicle .
" It 's the same principle as always -- any vehicle with a lot of eye appeal , in good shape and with decent miles on it will still attract a buyer , " Early says .
Current demand
As in any market conditions , certain makes and models are in greater or lesser demand based on their perceived value , reliability record and optional equipment .
Here are the vehicles in the SUV , truck and minivan categories for which dealers say demand is holding up best :
SUVs .
Large models with a third - row seat capable of accommodating seven passengers remain attractive as family haulers , says Randall Smith , owner of Randall Smith Auto Sales in Dalton , Ga. , and chairman of the National Independent Automobile Dealers Association .
Smith says two - wheel drive SUVs are holding their value better than their four - wheel or all - wheel drive models because they tend to get slightly better gas mileage , as are SUV models built on car and not truck chassis .
On the used market , Cannon says the values of Chevy Tahoes and Suburbans also are faring better than might be expected because " they 're a workhorse , especially for hauling boats or travel trailers . "
Large models with a third - row seat capable of accommodating seven passengers remain attractive as family haulers , says Randall Smith , owner of Randall Smith Auto Sales in Dalton , Ga. , and chairman of the National Independent Automobile Dealers Association .
Smith says two - wheel drive SUVs are holding their value better than their four - wheel or all - wheel drive models because they tend to get slightly better gas mileage , as are SUV models built on car and not truck chassis .
On the used market , Cannon says the values of Chevy Tahoes and Suburbans also are faring better than might be expected because " they 're a workhorse , especially for hauling boats or travel trailers . "
Trucks .
Demand has plummeted for many used trucks as owners who bought them for a lifestyle statement rather than hauling needs bail out for sedans and crossover vehicles .
At his Houston - area dealership , Early says new - truck sales were down 40 % last month from a year ago -- with eight - cylinder models the biggest losers .
" In Texas , trucks and SUVs have been the preferred vehicle of choice for a long time , " Early says .
" We 're now seeing both Bubba and the high - school teacher getting out of the pickup because they can't afford the note , gas and insurance . "
Demand has plummeted for many used trucks as owners who bought them for a lifestyle statement rather than hauling needs bail out for sedans and crossover vehicles .
At his Houston - area dealership , Early says new - truck sales were down 40 % last month from a year ago -- with eight - cylinder models the biggest losers .
" In Texas , trucks and SUVs have been the preferred vehicle of choice for a long time , " Early says .
" We 're now seeing both Bubba and the high - school teacher getting out of the pickup because they can't afford the note , gas and insurance . "
Minivans .
Values of these people movers have n't fallen as precipitously as for SUVs and large pickups because they generally get better gas mileage .
Yet many families with four or fewer members are starting to part with their minivans in favor of more fuel - efficient , midsize sedans .
The most - popular minivans in the used car market -- Honda Odyssey , Toyota Sienna and Chrysler Town & Country -- continue to attract the best resale values , Cannon says .
If you do decide to trade - in your large vehicle , you could make up some of what you lose on the back end with a trade - in on the price of the new vehicle if you opt for something other than the top - mileage models .
Due to the soft economy , new - car sales have been sluggish and dealers are eager to unload mounting inventories .
Says Cannon : " There 's a real opportunity to negotiate a great deal on a new car right now -- as long as it is n't a hybrid . "
On his last Fourth of July as commander in chief , President Bush made his first visit to Monticello , home of Thomas Jefferson , the author of the Declaration of Independence .
Bush visited the estate in Charlottesville , Va. , to attend the swearing - in of 72 new citizens from 30 countries , including one from Myanmar .
He sounded emotional as he talked about spreading freedom to other countries , one of his rationales for going to war in Iraq .
Bush noted that Jefferson had called the principles in the Declaration of Independence universal .
“ We honor Jefferson ’s legacy by aiding the rise of liberty in lands that do not know the blessings of freedom , ” he said .
Advertisement
Without mentioning Iraq , Afghanistan or the war on terrorism , he added , “ And on this Fourth of July , we pay tribute to the brave men and women who wear the uniform of the United States of America . ”
Bush was interrupted repeatedly by protesters shouting , “ Defend the Constitution , impeach Bush ! ” and “ War criminal ! ”
He diverged from his prepared remarks to explain to the new Americans : “ We believe in free speech in the United States of America . ”
Bush , who will celebrate his 62nd birthday Sunday , said he was delighted to spend part of the weekend at the home of the nation ’s third president -- who died on July 4 , 1826 , the 50th birthday of the United States .
Advertisement
“ This is a fitting place to celebrate our nation ’s independence , ” Bush said .
“ Thomas Jefferson once said he ’d rather celebrate the Fourth of July than his own birthday .
To me , it ’s pretty simple -- the Fourth of July weekend is my birthday weekend . ”
Praising Jefferson ’s achievements as a well - read man whose book collection formed the basis of the Library of Congress , Bush said that although Jefferson was the nation ’s first secretary of State , second vice president and third president , he hated public speaking .
Alluding to his own reputation for muffing speech lines , he said , “ It seems Jefferson got away with only delivering two public speeches during his presidency . ”
Pausing for the laugh , Bush added , “ I ’m sure a lot of Americans wish that were the case today . ”
Our favorite Terminator ( and Governor of California ) Arnold Schwarzenegger has just helped Tesla Motors make an announcement that 's probably sending chills through traditional automaker 's boardrooms .
The company has just introduced a fully - electric , five passenger sports sedan dubbed the Model S , which will be selling for $ 60,000 , and will manage 225 miles on a full charge .
The carmaker says it will produce the vehicles in a brand new manufacturing plant it 's opening in Northern California .
We 're on the ground at the announcement right now -- no pictures or release date have surfaced yet , but you 'll know more as soon as we do .
Chase Tatum Wrestler & Actor Dies of Drug Overdose ( Photos )
34 year old former wrestler and actor , died of an accidental drug overdose on Sunday in Atlanta .
He used to wrestle for World Championship Wrestling , now defunct .
He also appeared in the 2007 comedy Who 's Your Caddy ?
He is pictured far left in the above photo .
According to his father Roy Tatum , his son recently had back surgery to repair a disc .
He had been fighting a dependence to painkillers that went back many years .
He was considering entering rehab at the time of his death .
His body was discovered by a friend late Sunday afternoon .
A toxicology report has been ordered by the Fulton County Medical Examiner .
The finding will not be available for six to eight weeks , according to an investigator with the coroner 's office .
Tatum won Mr. Georgia bodybuilding competition at age 19 .
He was 6 ' 3 " and weighed 265 pounds .
He became a personal trainer and had a short lived career in wrestling , debuting in 1999 .
He left the sport after 2 - 1/ 2 years due to severe back problems .
Tatum found success as an actor , landing a substantial role in the low - budget comedy , Who 's Your Caddy ? in 2007 alongside costar rapper Big Boi of Outkast .
He also worked as a road manager and personal assistant with Outkast .
The ' perfect ' female voice Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Researchers say they have worked out a mathematical formula to find the perfect human voice .
MOST POPULAR VIDEO / AUDIO Editor 's Choice Improvements to the BBC News Website
Download Download ( h/t Heather )
Bill O'Reilly has a checkered history with the Peabody Awards .
For years , he claimed that his work on Inside Edition garnered two Peabodys , until he was outed by nemesis Al Franken as having confused the Polk Awards ( won after O'Reilly was no longer with Inside Edition ) with the more prestigious Peabodys .
Obviously , that kind of public mistake has to smart a man with as big an ego as his mouth .
So it is with no little irony to see him mention the Peabodys on his Thursday broadcast , talking about Bill Moyers receiving one .
Funny enough , while I can think of no one in journalism more deserving -- and Moyers has been awarded 10 Peabodys over his career -- Moyers was not on the list of winners this year .
So why the slam on the Peabodys ?
You may have heard about the Peabody Award , the prestigious prize given by the University of Georgia to journalists .
Seems every few minutes our pal Bill Moyers wins one of those .
And we 're very happy for him .
So happy , in fact , that we looked into the political leanings of the Peabody board .
Interesting .
There are ten liberals on it , two conservatives .
Sounds like Newsweek magazine .
Horace Newcomb , the director of the Peabody deal , and a Democrat himself , says he 's not concerned .
Nor are we , because we 're sure the judging is ... fair and balanced .
Party on , Peabody guys .
Indeed .
Actually , there are 16 members of the Peabody panel , not twelve , and their respective political affiliations seems less than obvious by the list , nor particularly relevant to their bona fides as members of the Peabody board .
But hey , why deal in facts when you can get a nice little librul conspiracy action working .
You know why I think Bill O'Reilly 's miffed at the Peabodys ?
Because guess who won a Peabody this year , basically for acting like Bill O'Reilly ?
May 2008
Great cities attract ambitious people .
You can sense it when you walk around one .
In a hundred subtle ways , the city sends you a message : you could do more ; you should try harder .
The surprising thing is how different these messages can be .
New York tells you , above all : you should make more money .
There are other messages too , of course .
You should be hipper .
You should be better looking .
But the clearest message is that you should be richer .
What I like about Boston ( or rather Cambridge ) is that the message there is : you should be smarter .
You really should get around to reading all those books you 've been meaning to .
When you ask what message a city sends , you sometimes get surprising answers .
As much as they respect brains in Silicon Valley , the message the Valley sends is : you should be more powerful .
That 's not quite the same message New York sends .
Power matters in New York too of course , but New York is pretty impressed by a billion dollars even if you merely inherited it .
In Silicon Valley no one would care except a few real estate agents .
What matters in Silicon Valley is how much effect you have on the world .
The reason people there care about Larry and Sergey is not their wealth but the fact that they control Google , which affects practically everyone .
_____
How much does it matter what message a city sends ?
Empirically , the answer seems to be : a lot .
You might think that if you had enough strength of mind to do great things , you 'd be able to transcend your environment .
Where you live should make at most a couple percent difference .
But if you look at the historical evidence , it seems to matter more than that .
Most people who did great things were clumped together in a few places where that sort of thing was done at the time .
You can see how powerful cities are from something I wrote about earlier : the case of the Milanese Leonardo .
Practically every fifteenth century Italian painter you 've heard of was from Florence , even though Milan was just as big .
People in Florence were n't genetically different , so you have to assume there was someone born in Milan with as much natural ability as Leonardo .
What happened to him ?
If even someone with the same natural ability as Leonardo could n't beat the force of environment , do you suppose you can ?
I do n't .
I 'm fairly stubborn , but I would n't try to fight this force .
I 'd rather use it .
So I 've thought a lot about where to live .
I 'd always imagined Berkeley would be the ideal place — that it would basically be Cambridge with good weather .
But when I finally tried living there a couple years ago , it turned out not to be .
The message Berkeley sends is : you should live better .
Life in Berkeley is very civilized .
It 's probably the place in America where someone from Northern Europe would feel most at home .
But it 's not humming with ambition .
In retrospect it should n't have been surprising that a place so pleasant would attract people interested above all in quality of life .
Cambridge with good weather , it turns out , is not Cambridge .
The people you find in Cambridge are not there by accident .
You have to make sacrifices to live there .
It 's expensive and somewhat grubby , and the weather 's often bad .
So the kind of people you find in Cambridge are the kind of people who want to live where the smartest people are , even if that means living in an expensive , grubby place with bad weather .
As of this writing , Cambridge seems to be the intellectual capital of the world .
I realize that seems a preposterous claim .
What makes it true is that it 's more preposterous to claim about anywhere else .
American universities currently seem to be the best , judging from the flow of ambitious students .
And what US city has a stronger claim ?
New York ?
A fair number of smart people , but diluted by a much larger number of neanderthals in suits .
The Bay Area has a lot of smart people too , but again , diluted ; there are two great universities , but they 're far apart .
Harvard and MIT are practically adjacent by West Coast standards , and they 're surrounded by about 20 other colleges and universities . [ 1 ]
Cambridge as a result feels like a town whose main industry is ideas , while New York 's is finance and Silicon Valley 's is startups .
_____
When you talk about cities in the sense we are , what you 're really talking about is collections of people .
For a long time cities were the only large collections of people , so you could use the two ideas interchangeably .
But we can see how much things are changing from the examples I 've mentioned .
New York is a classic great city .
But Cambridge is just part of a city , and Silicon Valley is not even that .
( San Jose is not , as it sometimes claims , the capital of Silicon Valley .
It 's just 178 square miles at one end of it . )
Maybe the Internet will change things further .
Maybe one day the most important community you belong to will be a virtual one , and it wo n't matter where you live physically .
But I would n't bet on it .
The physical world is very high bandwidth , and some of the ways cities send you messages are quite subtle .
One of the exhilarating things about coming back to Cambridge every spring is walking through the streets at dusk , when you can see into the houses .
When you walk through Palo Alto in the evening , you see nothing but the blue glow of TVs .
In Cambridge you see shelves full of promising - looking books .
Palo Alto was probably much like Cambridge in 1960 , but you 'd never guess now that there was a university nearby .
Now it 's just one of the richer neighborhoods in Silicon Valley . [ 2 ]
A city speaks to you mostly by accident — in things you see through windows , in conversations you overhear .
It 's not something you have to seek out , but something you can't turn off .
One of the occupational hazards of living in Cambridge is overhearing the conversations of people who use interrogative intonation in declarative sentences .
But on average I 'll take Cambridge conversations over New York or Silicon Valley ones .
A friend who moved to Silicon Valley in the late 90s said the worst thing about living there was the low quality of the eavesdropping .
At the time I thought she was being deliberately eccentric .
Sure , it can be interesting to eavesdrop on people , but is good quality eavesdropping so important that it would affect where you chose to live ?
Now I understand what she meant .
The conversations you overhear tell you what sort of people you 're among .
_____
No matter how determined you are , it 's hard not to be influenced by the people around you .
It 's not so much that you do whatever a city expects of you , but that you get discouraged when no one around you cares about the same things you do .
There 's an imbalance between encouragement and discouragement like that between gaining and losing money .
Most people overvalue negative amounts of money : they 'll work much harder to avoid losing a dollar than to gain one .
Similarly , although there are plenty of people strong enough to resist doing something just because that 's what one is supposed to do where they happen to be , there are few strong enough to keep working on something no one around them cares about .
Because ambitions are to some extent incompatible and admiration is a zero- sum game , each city tends to focus on one type of ambition .
The reason Cambridge is the intellectual capital is not just that there 's a concentration of smart people there , but that there 's nothing else people there care about more .
Professors in New York and the Bay area are second class citizens — till they start hedge funds or startups respectively .
This suggests an answer to a question people in New York have wondered about since the Bubble : whether New York could grow into a startup hub to rival Silicon Valley .
One reason that 's unlikely is that someone starting a startup in New York would feel like a second class citizen . [ 3 ]
There 's already something else people in New York admire more .
In the long term , that could be a bad thing for New York .
The power of an important new technology does eventually convert to money .
So by caring more about money and less about power than Silicon Valley , New York is recognizing the same thing , but slower . [ 4 ]
And in fact it has been losing to Silicon Valley at its own game : the ratio of New York to California residents in the Forbes 400 has decreased from 1.45 ( 81:56 ) when the list was first published in 1982 to .83 ( 73:88 ) in 2007 .
_____
Not all cities send a message .
Only those that are centers for some type of ambition do .
And it can be hard to tell exactly what message a city sends without living there .
I understand the messages of New York , Cambridge , and Silicon Valley because I 've lived for several years in each of them .
DC and LA seem to send messages too , but I have n't spent long enough in either to say for sure what they are .
The big thing in LA seems to be fame .
There 's an A List of people who are most in demand right now , and what 's most admired is to be on it , or friends with those who are .
Beneath that , the message is much like New York 's , though perhaps with more emphasis on physical attractiveness .
In DC the message seems to be that the most important thing is who you know .
You want to be an insider .
In practice this seems to work much as in LA .
There 's an A List and you want to be on it or close to those who are .
The only difference is how the A List is selected .
And even that is not that different .
At the moment , San Francisco 's message seems to be the same as Berkeley 's : you should live better .
But this will change if enough startups choose SF over the Valley .
During the Bubble that was a predictor of failure — a self - indulgent choice , like buying expensive office furniture .
Even now I 'm suspicious when startups choose SF .
But if enough good ones do , it stops being a self - indulgent choice , because the center of gravity of Silicon Valley will shift there .
I have n't found anything like Cambridge for intellectual ambition .
Oxford and Cambridge ( England ) feel like Ithaca or Hanover : the message is there , but not as strong .
Paris was once a great intellectual center .
If you went there in 1300 , it might have sent the message Cambridge does now .
But I tried living there for a bit last year , and the ambitions of the inhabitants are not intellectual ones .
The message Paris sends now is : do things with style .
I liked that , actually .
Paris is the only city I 've lived in where people genuinely cared about art .
In America only a few rich people buy original art , and even the more sophisticated ones rarely get past judging it by the brand name of the artist .
But looking through windows at dusk in Paris you can see that people there actually care what paintings look like .
Visually , Paris has the best eavesdropping I know . [ 5 ]
There 's one more message I 've heard from cities : in London you can still ( barely ) hear the message that one should be more aristocratic .
If you listen for it you can also hear it in Paris , New York , and Boston .
But this message is everywhere very faint .
It would have been strong 100 years ago , but now I probably would n't have picked it up at all if I had n't deliberately tuned in to that wavelength to see if there was any signal left .
_____
So far the complete list of messages I 've picked up from cities is : wealth , style , hipness , physical attractiveness , fame , political power , economic power , intelligence , social class , and quality of life .
My immediate reaction to this list is that it makes me slightly queasy .
I 'd always considered ambition a good thing , but I realize now that was because I 'd always implicitly understood it to mean ambition in the areas I cared about .
When you list everything ambitious people are ambitious about , it 's not so pretty .
On closer examination I see a couple things on the list that are surprising in the light of history .
For example , physical attractiveness would n't have been there 100 years ago ( though it might have been 2400 years ago ) .
It has always mattered for women , but in the late twentieth century it seems to have started to matter for men as well .
I 'm not sure why — probably some combination of the increasing power of women , the increasing influence of actors as models , and the fact that so many people work in offices now : you can't show off by wearing clothes too fancy to wear in a factory , so you have to show off with your body instead .
Hipness is another thing you would n't have seen on the list 100 years ago .
Or would n't you ?
What it means is to know what 's what .
So maybe it has simply replaced the component of social class that consisted of being " au fait . "
That could explain why hipness seems particularly admired in London : it 's version 2 of the traditional English delight in obscure codes that only insiders understand .
Economic power would have been on the list 100 years ago , but what we mean by it is changing .
It used to mean the control of vast human and material resources .
But increasingly it means the ability to direct the course of technology , and some of the people in a position to do that are not even rich — leaders of important open source projects , for example .
The Captains of Industry of times past had laboratories full of clever people cooking up new technologies for them .
The new breed are themselves those people .
As this force gets more attention , another is dropping off the list : social class .
I think the two changes are related .
Economic power , wealth , and social class are just names for the same thing at different stages in its life : economic power converts to wealth , and wealth to social class .
So the focus of admiration is simply shifting upstream .
_____
Does anyone who wants to do great work have to live in a great city ?
No ; all great cities inspire some sort of ambition , but they are n't the only places that do .
For some kinds of work , all you need is a handful of talented colleagues .
What cities provide is an audience , and a funnel for peers .
These are n't so critical in something like math or physics , where no audience matters except your peers , and judging ability is sufficiently straightforward that hiring and admissions committees can do it reliably .
In a field like math or physics all you need is a department with the right colleagues in it .
It could be anywhere — in Los Alamos , New Mexico , for example .
It 's in fields like the arts or writing or technology that the larger environment matters .
In these the best practitioners are n't conveniently collected in a few top university departments and research labs — partly because talent is harder to judge , and partly because people pay for these things , so one does n't need to rely on teaching or research funding to support oneself .
It 's in these more chaotic fields that it helps most to be in a great city : you need the encouragement of feeling that people around you care about the kind of work you do , and since you have to find peers for yourself , you need the much larger intake mechanism of a great city .
You do n't have to live in a great city your whole life to benefit from it .
The critical years seem to be the early and middle ones of your career .
Clearly you do n't have to grow up in a great city .
Nor does it seem to matter if you go to college in one .
To most college students a world of a few thousand people seems big enough .
Plus in college you do n't yet have to face the hardest kind of work — discovering new problems to solve .
It 's when you move on to the next and much harder step that it helps most to be in a place where you can find peers and encouragement .
You seem to be able to leave , if you want , once you 've found both .
The Impressionists show the typical pattern : they were born all over France ( Pissarro was born in the Carribbean ) and died all over France , but what defined them were the years they spent together in Paris .
_____
Unless you 're sure what you want to do and where the leading center for it is , your best bet is probably to try living in several places when you 're young .
You can never tell what message a city sends till you live there , or even whether it still sends one .
Often your information will be wrong : I tried living in Florence when I was 25 , thinking it would be an art center , but it turned out I was 450 years too late .
Even when a city is still a live center of ambition , you wo n't know for sure whether its message will resonate with you till you hear it .
When I moved to New York , I was very excited at first .
It 's an exciting place .
So it took me quite a while to realize I just was n't like the people there .
I kept searching for the Cambridge of New York .
It turned out it was way , way uptown : an hour uptown by air .
Some people know at 16 what sort of work they 're going to do , but in most ambitious kids , ambition seems to precede anything specific to be ambitious about .
They know they want to do something great .
They just have n't decided yet whether they 're going to be a rock star or a brain surgeon .
There 's nothing wrong with that .
But it means if you have this most common type of ambition , you 'll probably have to figure out where to live by trial and error .
You 'll probably have to find the city where you feel at home to know what sort of ambition you have .
Notes
[ 1 ] This is one of the advantages of not having the universities in your country controlled by the government .
When governments decide how to allocate resources , political deal - making causes things to be spread out geographically .
No central goverment would put its two best universities in the same town , unless it was the capital ( which would cause other problems ) .
But scholars seem to like to cluster together as much as people in any other field , and when given the freedom to they derive the same advantages from it .
[ 2 ] There are still a few old professors in Palo Alto , but one by one they die and their houses are transformed by developers into McMansions and sold to VPs of Bus Dev .
[ 3 ] How many times have you read about startup founders who continued to live inexpensively as their companies took off ?
Who continued to dress in jeans and t- shirts , to drive the old car they had in grad school , and so on ?
If you did that in New York , people would treat you like shit .
If you walk into a fancy restaurant in San Francisco wearing a jeans and a t - shirt , they 're nice to you ; who knows who you might be ?
Not in New York .
One sign of a city 's potential as a technology center is the number of restaurants that still require jackets for men .
According to Zagat 's there are none in San Francisco , LA , Boston , or Seattle , 4 in DC , 6 in Chicago , 8 in London , 13 in New York , and 20 in Paris .
( Zagat 's lists the Ritz Carlton Dining Room in SF as requiring jackets but I could n't believe it , so I called to check and in fact they do n't .
Apparently there 's only one restaurant left on the entire West Coast that still requires jackets : The French Laundry in Napa Valley . )
[ 4 ] Ideas are one step upstream from economic power , so it 's conceivable that intellectual centers like Cambridge will one day have an edge over Silicon Valley like the one the Valley has over New York .
This seems unlikely at the moment ; if anything Boston is falling further and further behind .
The only reason I even mention the possibility is that the path from ideas to startups has recently been getting smoother .
It 's a lot easier now for a couple of hackers with no business experience to start a startup than it was 10 years ago .
If you extrapolate another 20 years , maybe the balance of power will start to shift back .
I would n't bet on it , but I would n't bet against it either .
[ 5 ] If Paris is where people care most about art , why is New York the center of gravity of the art business ?
Because in the twentieth century , art as brand split apart from art as stuff .
New York is where the richest buyers are , but all they demand from art is brand , and since you can base brand on anything with a sufficiently identifiable style , you may as well use the local stuff .
Thanks to Trevor Blackwell , Sarah Harlin , Jessica Livingston , Jackie McDonough , Robert Morris , and David Sloo for reading drafts of this .
Italian Translation
Portuguese Translation
Chinese Translation
Korean Translation
Archive
OPEC slams oil speculators
Posted
Jun .
10 - OPEC takes another swipe at speculators blaming them for driving oil prices to record highs .
A tiny , extremely minimalist JavaScript microframework
A few months ago , I started looking for a new job within JavaScript ecosystem , and I started interviewing with many different companies .
Most of them were conducting remote interviews and they often asked me to complete many different kinds of programming assignments .
One of such assignment consisted in developing ( surprise , surprise ) a simple Todo List single - page application but without using any third - party library .
Besides providing basic functionalities like adding / removing / completing todo items etc. , you would get bonus points for things like support for data pagination , simple data persistence , and support for filtering todo items .
I found this quite a refreshing challenge , but I soon realized how tedious it was to operate on the DOM “ in the old way ” and how messy things could get really quickly .
I really , really wanted to use even something minimal like Mithril to carry out the assignment !
And started wondering how hard it would be to implement a quick - and - dirty Virtual DOM to manage changes more efficiently and also a simple HyperScript implementation to speed - up the creation of HTML elements …
Continue reading →
Report this add - on for abuse
Report this add - on for abuse
If you think this add - on violates Mozilla 's add - on policies or has security or privacy issues , please report these issues to Mozilla using this form .
Please do n't use this form to report bugs or request add - on features ; this report will be sent to Mozilla and not to the add - on developer .
There are so many postings out there on all sorts of blogs about how not to waste time that I ’m not sure I can contribute something very meaningful ( certainly not new ) , but since it ’s something I ’ve been thinking about , I might as well spill some ideas about it .
Like this ?
Please check out my latest book , Writing High - Performance .NET
Code .
Definition
Any discussion of time - wasting is profitless unless you define what wasting time is .
My definition is :
Wasting time is doing anything that does not contribute to my goals .
That is a very broad definition , but it is very useful .
It presupposes a goal - oriented mind set and I do n’t want to get too far down that path here .
If you ’re really interested in a goal - focused system , I highly encourage you to read The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People , which is a principles - based approach to effectiveness and goal - setting is a huge part of it .
Whatever your personal system , much of the corporate world and building software specifically revolves around goals ( aka “ milestones ” , “ targets ” ) .
This definition includes taking breaks and eating lunch , but let ’s not be silly –we ’re not talking about that and I ’m not going to water down the definition nor am I going to spend pages talking pointlessly about exceptions to it .
We ’re all intelligent people here and can understand the important principles .
Many Small Goals Are Better Than One Large One
Software development processes have been undergoing evolution since the beginning and lately the whole agile process seems to be taking over .
Whatever the process , many companies are finding more success in breaking down large projects into tiny goal - driven chunks , sometimes lasting as little as a week .
This same principles can be applied to ourselves at both large and fine - grained levels .
It is definitely good and desirable to have the overall vision of our project in mind , but this does n’t often help us get the work done .
Some of my most productive days are when I break down a huge task into tiny subtasks and set a goal for each one ( “ I will have this done by 11 am today , then I will wrap up this other small one by 4 pm . ” )
An example : I ’m currently writing some code to move a huge amount of data around in our production database .
We ’re going to be rolling out a major update that requires some fundamental changes to how things operate .
This task is so large and daunting that I get a headache just thinking about it and so I could put it off , just spinning my wheels until I decide to face the inevitable .
Instead , I ’ve broken it into several smaller tasks that are each easily managed and understood .
Before After Convert database to new format Export SQL script of new tables , triggers , indexes , etc. directly from SQL Server
Aggregate data from Table1 into NewTableX
Move data from Table2 to NewTableY
Move data from Table3 to NewTableZ
Verify moved data
drop old tables
drop old columns
etc .
( In my example , the After column actually contains about 30 items , depending on how far I want to break it down … it could be more . )
Now , instead of being overwhelmed by the complexity of a large task ( and thus doing nothing ) , I can easily handle each of the sub - steps efficiently .
I ’ve changed a two - week task into many hour - long tasks .
The psychological effect of too - hard / too - complex / too - much is devastating .
You ca n’t handle something like that –no one can , and so you wo n’t – you ’ll just end up wasting time fretting about it .
Break it up for your sanity and happiness , as well as productivity .
Motivation is Crucial
Often , a key to not wasting time is having sufficient motivation .
Motivation can come in all sorts of ways –the key is to figure out what motivates you and then set yourself up to succeed by using that motivation as a carrot to pull you forward .
It can be a good idea to share your motivations with managers so they understand what drives you .
Motivation can often begin with picking good goals .
If your goals are unrealistic , you are almost guaranteed to fail in some way .
Despair feeds on itself and will sink your productivity and cause you to engage in anything but work .
Not only will you avoid the drudgery of work , but you wo n’t take steps to improve yourself or change the situation .
This cycle must be broken immediately .
If your projects are just not that interesting this can be a challenge .
Everybody has tasks they do n’t particularly like , but if the majority of your time is spent doing stuff you get no pleasure out of , you are doing a huge disservice to yourself and your future .
Eventually , you ’ll become wasted and useless to both yourself and your employer .
Fix the situation–get a new project , get a new job , find side projects to do that you do enjoy as rewards for getting through the drudgery –anything to avoid becoming the shell of a person you once were .
Maybe you do n’t necessarily need a new job right now –maybe you just need to fix the situation at your current job , get some enjoyable hobbies at home , spend more time with the family .
The needed changes are n’t always drastic–but figure them out so you do n’t spend every day wallowing in a mire not doing anything useful .
Eliminate Distractions Now
I do n’t think I ’ve answered my office phone in about a year .
Not that many people call it in the first place , e-mail being highly - preferred around here , but I like to say I stand on principle .
You can read a lot about creating the right environment for highly - skilled software developers in the fabulous book Peopleware : Productive Projects and Teams .
I ’ve also stuck to the practice of keeping my e-mail inbox cleared .
I delete almost everything I receive unless I need to store it for later or act on it .
In my entry about working an 8 - hour day , I talked about various time - wasting activities that I ’ve observed , such as wandering the halls , micro-managing , too many words , poor inbox management skills , and more .
The goal of eliminating distractions is not to completely choke off any aspect of fun , diversion , and other social aspects of working in an office –those are good things .
The goal is eliminate the things that do n’t help us in our jobs and that are n’t really all that enjoyable to us anyway , all things considered .
One way of eliminating your distractions is to go out of your way ahead of time to manage them so they do n’t come up later .
Some ideas :
If you need somebody to do a task , anticipate questions , concerns , or problems they may have .
Try to address these in an e-mail or in person ( or both ) quickly so that the person can expect it and wo n’t come to you later with problems .
Shut the office door , turn off the phone , close e-mail .
Do n’t let people find a way to distract you .
Shut down your feed - reader , disable pop-up notifications from it .
Set aside time during the day to review feeds and news .
Have a clean desk .
Keep only things you ’re actively working on visible .
Set a schedule or a signal to your peers and supervisors of times when you are busy and should not be bothered .
Be assertive and enforce it .
Focus on one project at a time .
Everybody has a million things to do .
Plan Weekly , Daily , Hourly
Finally , bringing it around full circle back to goals : plan as much as you can to the extent it makes sense .
That ’s a weasel sentence , I know , but there ’s no way around it .
In general , though , I think we could all do with more planning .
Effective planning combines all the above principles into a coherent framework for your work week .
Every week , you have certain meetings , tasks to be completed , issues to be researched , people to be spoken to .
Every day , a certain subset of those must be done .
Every hour , you must pick a task to work on .
My plan is to take 10 - 20 minutes every day to plan the day ’s activities , set min-goals , while at the same time strategizing to eliminate distractions .
Every Monday morning I take an additional 10 - 20 minutes to review and set the major goals for the week , ensure meetings are scheduled , projects are given the correct priority , I know my tasks and responsibilities , and that I have enough dead - time left unscheduled because things always come up ( we operate quickly - growing 24/7/365 services –there ’s no avoiding issues ) .
Every time you finish a task , there should be another one waiting , whether you decide to tackle it right away or take a break and do something else .
As long as you have a plan , it ’s ok .
There are tons of other resources out there –I ’ll just link to some in the forums of Steve Pavlina .
Now I should stop wasting time and get back to work … 😉
Check out my latest book , the essential , in - depth guide to performance for all .NET developers :
Writing High - Performance .NET
Code , 2nd Edition by Ben Watson .
Available for pre-order :
The Pew Research Center has released its latest poll on public attitudes towards climate change , and the results are both troubling and confounding .
Over the last year and a half , the number of Americans who believe the Earth is warming has dropped .
The decline is especially precipitous among Republicans : in January 2007 , 62 percent accepted global warming , compared to just 49 percent now .
Seeing as how 2007 was the second - warmest year on record , and the popular press finally took climate change seriously , I 'm not sure how attitudes shifted in this manner .
That 's the troubling part .
The confounding part : among college - educated poll respondents , 19 percent of Republicans believe that human activities are causing global warming , compared to 75 percent of Democrats .
But take that college education away and Republican believers rise to 31 percent while Democrats drop to 52 percent .
That strikes me as deeply weird .
I do n't even have a snarky quip , much less an explanation .
What do you think , Wired Science readers ?
Why are less - educated Republicans more likely to agree with the global scientific community than their more - educated political counterparts , and vice versa among Democrats ?
A Deeper Partisan Divide Over Global Warming [ Pew Research Center ]
Images : Grant Neufeld ; Pew Research Center
See Also :
WiSci 2.0 : Brandon Keim's Twitter and Del.icio.us feeds ; Wired Science on Facebook .
90210 HOT New Cast Revealed ( Photos )
The CW television network released a photo of the new cast for their 90210 series .
Original cast member Jennie Garth will once again play the role of Kelly Taylor , who will return to West Beverly Hills High School as a guidance counselor .
She was also a celebrity contestant on Dancing with the Stars .
The show will follow the lives of two high school students who move from the Midwest to Beverly Hills .
Unlike the series called Beverly Hills , 90210 that ran from 1990 - 2000 , the new series will be called simply 90210 .
The show will center on the Mills family when they move to Beverly Hills because of the drunken exploits of grandmother Tabitha Mills ( Jessica Walter ) , a has - been Hollywood starlet .
Lori Loughlin will play her daughter - in - law Celia , while granddaughter Annie ( Shenae Grimes ) and adopted grandson Dixon ( Tristan Wilds ) maneuver the hallways of West Beverly High .
Other new cast members includeand
Check out more photos below .
About the author
( NewsTarget )
According to the latest research , species around the world are going extinct faster that previously thought , at a rate not seen since the extinction of the dinosaurs .
The Living Planet index which was released today shows that due to destructive human activity , the diversity of all life on earth has decreased by over 30 % , nearly a third in fact in the past thirty - five years .
The Zoological Society of London and the Global Footprint Network also gave the following statistics : land species have declined by 25 % , marine life by 28 % and freshwater species by 29 % .
The reports editor Jonathan Loh stated that to see such a sharp fall off in the species of the planet was " completely unprecedented in terms of human history " .
" You 'd have to go back to the extinction of the dinosaurs to see a decline as rapid as this ...
In terms of human lifespan we may be seeing things change relatively slowly , but in terms of the world 's history this is very rapid .
" To us , the extinction rate may seem slow or almost non-existent , but in terms of life on a historical time line , the rate is 10,000 times faster than the rate at which the planet normally loses species .
The nations of world who set to make so called " significant reductions " in species loss by 2010 will be virtually useless .
So much loss has already occurred due to lack of concentrated and focused effort and inaction that it is no longer possible to make any significant reductions in such a short time frame .
Ben Collen , who is an extinctions researcher at the Zoological Society of London : " Between 1960 and 2000 , the human population of the world has doubled .
Yet during the same period , the animal populations have declined by 30 per cent .
It 's beyond doubt that this decline has been caused by humans . "
The study pinpointed five major factors in the rapid decline of nearly 4000 species between 1960 and 2000 ; they are the human behavior of : climate change , pollution , the destruction of animals ' natural habitat , the spread of invasive species , and the overexploitation of species .
A case in point can be seen in the Yangtze River dolphin that scientists have been searching for and have been unable to locate any of the species , they now believe it is extinct .
Some of the reasons for its rapid decline are ; collisions with boats , habitat loss and pollution .
All of these factors are man made in origin .
James Leape , who is the director of WWF ( World Wide Footprint ) said ; " Reduced biodiversity means millions of people face a future where food supplies are more vulnerable to pests and disease and where water is in irregular or short supply ...
No one can escape the impact of biodiversity loss because reduced global diversity translates quite clearly into fewer new medicines , greater vulnerability to natural disasters and greater effects from global warming .
The industrialized world needs to be supporting the global effort to achieve these targets , not just in their own territories where a lot of biodiversity has already been lost , but also globally .
" Unfortunately there is coming a time in the not so distant future when the very survival of life on earth will be at stake .
If we continue to overuse all of our resources like a virus consumes its host until its very source of survival is gone , we will eventually be destroyed right along with the very planet that is the true source of our substance and life force .
According to the Tao ( The Way of Nature and the Universe ) , we can not continue to abuse , overuse and rip the earth of her elements and natural resources faster than earth can replace them and expect all things to remain in balance .
This is common sense logic and also the universal laws of balance , yin and yang , light and shadow , male and female , etc .
The power of earth 's magnetic field has decreased significantly in the past 100 years or so .
Much of this can again be blamed on mans ' activities .
You would not normally think it , but the laying of world wide power lines , the explosion of wireless communication devices including satellites beaming information to and from orbit are all affecting the earth 's magnetic field , including it 's very power .
All our foods get part of their energies , their life sustaining chi from a combination of earth ( yin / water ) and the sun ( yang / fire ) .
If we weaken one , the other is thrown out of balance .
We already know that due to acid rain , overuse of the land , pesticides and other factors that the mineral content of the soil is dangerously low .
I 've written before that approximately 2/3 of the earth 's tillable soil is completely devoid of Selenium , a vital trace element and power mineral required not only for the production of SOD ( Superoxide Dismutase ) but also one that is a powerful immune booster , cancer fighter and longevity mineral too , that most people have virtually no selenium in their diet which is another great reason to make sure that you 're taking the true RDA of 200m cg per day .
Eating just three Brazil nuts a day gives approximately 200mcg , or you can take a supplement of Selenium daily .
No matter the mineral content of any food , what gives all foods their true power to heal and sustain life is not their pure vitamin , mineral or chemical compounds or make up themselves , it is the specific type and amount of chi ( life force ) in those elements and foods that are their real power to sustain life and heal .
That is why chemical drugs can and never will be equal to the medicines that God 's earth provides , because science has no belief in or ability to manipulate or use chi .
Science does n't even acknowledge that it exists as the Chinese and other Asian and ancient cultures have stated for millennia , but it surely does exist .
The more we allow and contribute to the destruction of life 's incredibly diverse life forms , the more we are killing ourselves in a very slow way .
We are tied to the earth in an unbreakable way , but mankind with his technological know how thinks that " I know better than nature itself " ... never !
Even a great many of the drugs that man thinks that he " invented " , up to nearly half of them he learned how to make by chemically synthesizing the active ingredients from various plants , herbs and other natural compounds .
Herbs and other life saving medicines are constantly being destroyed , all in the name of the greed of a worldwide collection of billionaires who can't wait to get richer and richer so they can beat their friends ' yearly and lifetime earnings , and corporations who only care about their stock prices on the world market and more .
They truly believe and live by the motto :
" The person who dies with the most toys , wins ! "
That is their religion , their mantra and money is their god .
How sad for the world and all the rest of us who live on this planet .
These people are truly insane and drunk with power and greed and it seems as though they could care less if the entire earth is destroyed and all human and animal life on it is eradicated , as long as they die with the most money and toys to beat their other billionaire friends , that 's all that seems to matter at all to them .
Many prophecies , including those found in the Bible , mention a time when the earth will be ravaged by so much wars , death , disease , greed , destruction and mans ' inhumanity against man and his very environment itself that he will be brought to the very brink of annihilation unless God Himself steps in to stop it .
Here it is starting right before our eyes , but everyone is just so busy having their fun , making their money and going on with their lives that most people , especially those in power and responsible , could care less to stop it or change their high flying , jet setting lifestyles for something that to them is a long way off or likely will never even happen , at least not in their lifetimes .
The destruction of earth 's environment , our food supply as well as the weakening of earth 's magnetic field or chi are reasons why practicing energy medicine and learning to cultivate one 's own chi through the breathing and meditative practices of Chi-gung are so important today , probably more so than at any other time in human history .
To learn to increase our own protective chi field called Wei Chi that surrounds our body , as well as increase our overall chi levels and flow within the body will greatly help us to recover and make up for the chi and energy that we 're not getting from our foods or even the earth itself .
Organic food has more nutrients and chi than conventional food and that 's one thing we all need to eat much more of .
Organic foods also help slow down the rate of destruction of the earth 's ecosystem as does eating more locally grown foods too .
Taking supplements is another way to help keep ourselves healthy since we have to make up for the nutrients that our diets can no longer supply .
But even these are secondary actions compared to the most vital and important source of our life , the primary source of all life , our chi .
It is only through breathing and meditation that we can truly build up and extract many times the chi that we used to be able to get just by eating natural foods and breathing in times past .
Even the oxygen content of the air is about 25 % less than it was just 200 years ago .
Due to the destruction of plankton in the earth 's oceans which makes up about 60 % of the oxygen on earth , deforestation as well as all of mans ' pollution has contributed to lessen the amount of oxygen and sunlight available to us ( and our crops ) with each breath that we take .
This is why practicing deep breathing techniques such as the 8 Pieces of Brocade , Tai chi , and other energy work exercises and learning to use our minds through true meditation to build up and extract even more chi from the earth and universe , has never been more important than at this most critical time in earth 's history .
In time through these ancient and powerful techniques we can greatly increase the amount , the flow , the balance and the strength of our life force flowing through and around our bodies , thus helping to protect our health and stave off illness and disease in a powerful way .
They take work , but in order to remain healthy , vibrant and strong in these times they are very necessary and effective .
Proven through thousands of years of practice by the fighting monks , martial artists and traditional doctors of China , practicing chi-gung and careful attention to diet and nutrition are becoming ever more necessary in today 's ever more polluted environment .
With the abysmal failures of the western slash and burn methods of surgery and drugs to prevent illness , learning to cultivate and use the true source of one 's own life force via the vehicle of various chi-gung techniques and exercises to increase your own store of chi within the body , is really one of the best methods and options that exist in the world today .
The Chinese have given mankind a great gift in the form of its incredible repertoire of Chi-gung techniques and understanding of the human energy systems through Traditional Chinese Medicine ( TCM ) .
They are only proving themselves over and over again in this modern age as they continue to succeed in restoring and maintaining people 's health time and time again where western medicine has repeatedly failed .
This is especially true as we see the rate of both the destruction of the earth itself and its tens of millions of species occurring at an ever increasing rate .
If you can , learn all that you are able to about chi , Chinese and natural medicine , energy work , meditation , nutrition and natural health and healing , since they are our best bet to restore and protect our health and those of our loved ones as the world gets more and more polluted .
Moreover , the energy that they teach you to use is all provided free of charge by the very universe and earth itself with no hidden fees and no side effects ... other than good health and long life that is .
Recommended reading : " Harnessing the Power of the Universe " by Daniel Reid" The Complete Book of Chinese Health and Healing " By Daniel Reid" The Root of Chinese Qigong " by Dr. Yang Jwing - Ming " Awaken Healthing Energy Through The Tao " by Mantak ChiaSource Article : ( http://www.independent.co.uk/environment/nat...
Richard is a network engineer and longtime practitioner of Chinese martial arts , medicine and chi-gung for over twenty six years .
Having learned many Chinese health and healing arts from old world gung - fu and healing masters and practitioners , he has helped many people to overcome their health issues and achieve their fitness goals .
Through diligent study and experience he has taken this knowledge even further over the years including reading scores of books on Chinese medicine , health , chi theory , science , physics , nutrition , supplements , meditation , martial arts , and many other subjects .
Utilizing the web , health and fitness videos , newsletters , articles , teachings and lectures , Rich is passionate about spreading the true knowledge of health , healing , fitness and spiritual truths .
I 'm proud to be writing articles for NaturalNews.com
You can read many articles , hear audio interviews , and learn more about the highly praised Chinese Health and Fitness video by visiting Chinese Health and Fitness.com
There are many ways through which the online product selling sites help their customers to buy the best of the products that are provided and offered to be bought through the site .
In Australia , there are many different kinds of online sites which not only offer high quality products and they also offer a lot of other services that make it easier for the customers to buy the products online .
The most important thing that makes the visitors buy the products as the customers on the site is the way the products are presented and how they are described online .
Definitely if you need to buy Dishwashers , cooktops , upright vacuum , fridges , robot vacuum or even if you need a bench top oven you can find proper description and listing options for you to go through and find the useful information you need .
The sites usually tend to present and describe the various products in a way that people may understand what they are looking and what they will be getting when they buy it .
Even if you are looking at an induction cooktop , fridge freezer , induction cookware , Vacuum Cleaners you can find many kinds of descriptive explanations of the products .
They usually have some pictures and the various aspects enlightened in a descriptive manner .
In another way , they offer proper explanation and specs that are related and that could help in making the decision and buy products quickly and easily .
You may also find that the reviews shared by the various customers may also help in getting all the information in the correct manner .
It is always better to make sure you go through all the different kinds of information so that you can understand the products better .
It is better to have such information compared to other products as well and to help knowing things in detail for better buying experience .
Figure 4 : Frequently Asked Questions .
Part III :
Frequently Asked Questions
Most questions concerning origins are answered in Parts I and II of this book .
Of the questions that remain , the following are some of the most frequently asked in my seminars and public presentations .
These topics can be read in any order .
u Why Are Creation and the Flood Important ?
p. 445
u How Can the Study of Creation Be Scientific ?
p. 447
u Why Is the Universe Expanding ?
p. 448
u Galaxies Are Billions of Light - Years Away , So Is n’t the Universe Billions of Years Old ? p. 466
u If the Sun and Stars Were Made on Day 4 , What Was the Light of Day 1 ? p. 471
u How Old Do Evolutionists Say the Universe Is ? p. 473
u What Was Archaeopteryx ?
p. 475
u What Are the Predictions of the Hydroplate Theory ?
p. 479
u What Triggered the Flood ?
p. 469
u Did It Rain before the Flood ?
What Generated the Preflood Mist ? p. 475
u Have Parts of the Collapsed Subterranean Chamber Been Found ? p. 482
u Why did the Moon Roll — and When ?
p. 484
u When Was the Flood , the Exodus , and Creation ?
p. 485
u Did the Flood Last 40 Days and 40 Nights ?
p. 489
u Could Earth ’s Mountain Ranges Form in Less Than an Hour ?
p. 485
u Is the Hydroplate Theory Consistent with the Bible ? p. 487
u What about the Dinosaurs ?
p. 493
u Why Is Global Warming Occurring ?
Is There a Common - Sense Solution ?
p. 495
u Does Recently Declassified Data Falsify The Plate Tectonic
Theory ?
p. 500
u Why Have So Few Human Fossils Been Found ?
p. 501
u How Could Saltwater and Freshwater Fish Survive the Flood ?
p. 502
u Why Did the Floodwater Drain So Slowly ?
p. 503
u According to the Bible , When Was Adam Created ?
p. 505
u How Accurate Is Radiocarbon Dating ?
p. 506
u Before the Flood , Why Did People Live for about 900 Years ?
p. 510
u Have Planets Been Discovered Outside the Solar System ? p. 513
u How Was the Earth Divided in Peleg ’s Day ? p. 516
u Did a Water Canopy Surround Earth and Contribute to the Flood ?
p. 529
u Why Don’t Creationists Publish in Leading Science Journals ?
p. 538
u How Did Human “ Races ” Develop ?
p. 539
u Is There a Large Gap of Time between Genesis 1:1 and 1:2 ? p. 541
u Is There Life in Outer Space ? p. 543
u Have Scientific Tools Detected Adam and Eve within Us? p. 545
u Is Evolution Compatible with the Bible ?
p. 550
u What Questions Could I Ask Evolutionists ?
p. 560
u How Can Origins Be Taught in High School or College ? p. 562
u What Are the Social Consequences of Belief in Evolution ?
p. 566
u Does the New Testament Support Genesis 1 –11 ? p. 568
u How Can I Become Involved in This Issue ? p. 571
u Why Do Creation Organizations Have Differences ?
p. 573
u How Harmful Is False Scientific Information ?
p. 581
u How Do You Respond to Common Claims of Evolutionists ?
p. 582
u How Do Evolutionists Respond to What You Say ? p. 584
u If God Made Everything , Who Made God ? p. 585
u What Is the Written Debate Offer ? p. 586
u What Is the Direct ( Oral and Written ) Refereed Exchange ?
p. 587
As you navigate through our site , we will provide you with the information that is most important to you and help you find what you are looking for faster .
What will you get ?
@ Cats :
" I 'm soooooo happy you are to !
I mean , the more people that switch to OS X the more prevalent viruses for it will become ! "
Viruses are not " prevalent " on Macs now ( like Windows ) , so how could they become MORE prevalent ?
Even if Apple were to gain enough market share to become the number one computer manufacturer in the world , their market share could be as high as 30 % .
In this hypothetical situation , Windows would be installed on roughly 70 % of all computers in the world .
So , even if Apple sells more than all other computer makers in the world , the Mac would STILL be less susceptible to attacks than all of the Windows machines .
Security through obscurity does work , and was a pretty smart move on Apple 's part not to license its OS ( for more than just this reason too ) .
BTW , the number of viruses for macs has not increased over the past year when Apple has increased their market share and is selling 50 % more than they did last year .
Apple FTW !
With the nomination of Barack Obama as the Democratic presidential candidate clinched , large sections of the white supremacist movement are adopting a surprising attitude : Electing America ’s first black president would be a very good thing .
It ’s not that the assortment of neo -Nazis , Klansmen , anti-Semites and others who make up this country ’s radical right have suddenly discovered that a man should be judged based on the content of his character , not his skin .
On the contrary .
A growing number of white supremacists , and even some of those who pass for intellectual leaders of their movement , think that a black man in the Oval Office would shock white America , possibly drive millions to their cause , and perhaps even set off a race war that , they hope , would ultimately end in Aryan victory .
“ He will make things so bad for white people that hopefully they will finally realize how stupid they were for admiring these j------- all these years , ” “ Darthvader ” wrote on the neo - Nazi Vanguard News Network web forum .
“ I believe in the motto ‘ Worse is Better ’ and Obama certainly fits that description . ”
Just last week , another poster on the same thread chimed in with this : “ I hope Obama wins because in four years , white people just might be pissed off enough to actually do something .
…
White people are n’t going to do a thing until their toys are taken away from them .
So things have to be worse for things to be better . ”
“ Oh man , ” enthused “ Centimanus ” on the white nationalist Stormfront website .
“ I am gleefully , sadistically looking forward to Obama as president . …
It will be a beautiful day when the masses look at the paper and truly realize they have lost their own country .
Added “ Fulimnata ” : “ To the average white man and woman , they could look at Obama and see plain as day that whites are not in control . ”
Another message , from “ TheLastOfMyKind , ” agreed : “ Could it be that the nomination of Obama finally sparks a sense of unity in white voters ?
I would propose that this threat of black , muslim [ sic ] rule may very well be the thing that finally scares some sense back into complacent whites throughout the nation . ”
“ Actually , ” said another poster , “ if Obama were to win , it would be the best thing that ever happened to the Klan .
They would have massive growth . ”
And “ TeutonicLegion ” said that “ a whole bunch of people will join us and find these boards ” if Obama becomes president .
Clinton Ally Switches to Obama , Expects ' Attack Dogs ' Indiana superdelegate says the Clintons will send the " attack dogs " after him .
May 1 , 2008  --
A former leader of the Democratic Party who last year endorsed Hillary Clinton with lavish praise has switched to Barack Obama — and now predicts that the Clinton " attack dogs " will be after him .
Joe Andrew , who was elected chairman of the Democratic National Committee in 1999 with Bill Clinton 's blessing , held a news conference Thursday in Indianapolis to announce his support of Obama and to urge other superdelegates to unite behind Obama in order to " heal the rift in our party . "
" I have been inspired , " Andrew said in a lengthy letter to superdelegates and Indiana voters who will go to the polls next week in a primary that could largely seal the nomination for Obama or give Clinton vital momentum .
" Do n't settle for the tried and true and simplistic slogans , but listen to your heart and dare to be inspired , " he wrote .
Andrew said he would always be grateful to President Bill Clinton for making him the youngest DNC chairman ever , but said the party did not have to be guided by " blind loyalty . "
And the long and often bitter Democratic primary battle is helping Republican John McCain , Andrew warned .
" We are doing his work for him and distracting Americans from the issues that really affect all of our lives , " he wrote .
The Andrew endorsement came just in time for Obama was faced with a week of controversy over his former pastor Rev. Jeremiah Wright and slippage in several polls that could concern superdelegates who have yet to commit to a candidate .
Andrew Expects Clinton Attack
In an interview with ABC News , Andrew says he knows what 's coming from his friends at the Clinton campaign .
He anticipates the Clinton campaign " will use the same words and the same language to attack me that Republicans used to attack me when I was DNC chair and I was defending Bill Clinton . "
" I say this as a longtime participant in old politics , " he says .
" I 've sparred with everyone from Lee Atwater to Karl Rove . "
Andrew points out that he was in charge during a rather tumultuous time for the party — during impeachment and the Florida recount .
" The same words will come out of the [ Clinton campaign 's ] surrogates ' mouths to attack me that the Republicans used — and that demonstrates the very hypocrisy of the old politics , " he says .
" We need to unite the party .
You can actually be for someone without being against someone else . "
On Tuesday , Andrew decided , after a " very personal and as you can imagine somewhat tortuous process , " that in his role as former party chair — and because of " an accident of timing where my home state of Indiana may help decide who the next president will be " — that " though it would be easier for me duck and cover , it 's better to tell people what 's in my heart . "
Andrew was chair of the Indiana Democratic Party for five years , though he now lives in Washington , D.C .
He did not call the Clintons to tell them about the decision .
" That 's sort of the old kabuki theater of old politics , right ? "
Andrew says .
" You call them in advance , they turn on their attack dogs to go after you . "
He 's focused on " try[ing ] to convince Hoosiers here in my home state of Indiana to back Obama and just as importantly to try to convince superdelegates . "
In his letter to superdelegates , Andrews urges them " to come together after this Tuesday 's primary to heal wounds and unite us around a single nominee .
While I was hopeful that a long , contested primary season would invigorate our Party , the polls show that the tone and temperature of the race is now hurting us .
John McCain , without doing much of anything , is now competitive against both of our remaining candidates . "
" The math for this is simple , " Andrew tells ABC News .
" A vote for Hillary Clinton is a vote to continue this process . "
But does he just want to end this race or does he think Obama would be the better president ?
" Barack Obama would be the better president , " Andrew says .
Andrew : ' Obama Is the Bill Clinton of 2008 '
The Clinton campaign had no direct comment on Andrew 's announcement .
" We have seen record turnout in state after state because Democrats are excited and enthusiastic about this primary process , " said Clinton spokesman Howard Wolfson .
" On Tuesday Hoosiers will have their turn to come out in record numbers and support their candidate .
We support that Democratic process and think that every American should be able to weigh in and support the candidate of his or her own choosing . "
Andrew says he was inspired not just by " the unbelievable energy and excitement generated by the Obama campaign " but because of the way Obama dealt with two political problems this week — the continued controversy involving his relationship with Wright , and Obama 's refusal to support a gas tax holiday , unlike his competitors .
" I helped push for a gas tax vacation in Indiana , " Andrew says , " I know how politically beneficial it can be .
I also know it 's not the right thing to do for the economy and for the environment .
It 's great politics , but it 's bad policy . "
It will be bad for the economy and the environment and only give $ 28 and half a tank of gas for the average family , he says .
Now 48 , Andrew was in 1999 the youngest DNC chair ever elected , and he says " I am not only unbelievably grateful , I am the first to say Bill Clinton will go down in history as one of our greatest presidents .
I remember in 1992 , jumping on the campaign , when Bill Clinton brought out massive crowds of young people and articulated a new way of looking at politics .
Obama is the Bill Clinton of 2008 . "
Obama Slips in Wake of Controversy
The Andrew endorsement came after a week of controversy over Wright 's comments and a new poll that shows Obama 's support slipping and possibly vulnerable against McCain if he is the nominee in November .
A new Quinnipiac poll is likely to be incorporated into Clinton 's talking points with uncommitted superdelegates , who are becoming increasingly antsy about how Obama would stack up in a national contest against McCain .
The survey shows Clinton beating McCain in Ohio and Florida , states that were crucial to Democratic losses in the last two presidential elections .
McCain and Obama are in a dead heat in both states , according to the Quinnipiac poll .
Clinton and Obama both defeat McCain in Pennsylvania in the survey .
A month ago , national polls showed Obama with a five - point lead over McCain should they be matched up in the general election .
Now a New York Times / CBS poll shows they are in a statistical dead heat , with each candidate receiving 45 percent support of those polled .
The New York Times / CBS poll had more bad news for Obama .
It shows Obama remains the choice of Democrats – 46 percent support him versus 38 percent for Clinton — but his aura of inevitability has been skunked .
The same poll found that unfavorable views of Obama have gone up from 24 to 34 percent in the last month .
Obama acknowledged that the Wright controversy and comments Obama made recently in San Francisco in which he called blue - collar voters " bitter " had hurt him in the polls .
" We 've had two months .
We had the Reverend Wright controversy and the comments in San Francisco , " Obama said Thursday on NBC's " Today Show . "
Obama 's wife Michelle would not say that Wright had betrayed the senator and called on voters to get over the controversy .
" Voters are tired of this .
They want to move beyond these divisions , " she said on Thursday 's " Today Show " interview .
" We have got to move forward . "
Obama leads in the delegate count overall , but he still trails Clinton in the superdelegate count .
About 230 superdelegates remain undecided .
But in another twist , an NBC / Wall Street Journal found that more people found McCain 's ties to President Bush more of a concern than Obama 's ties to Wright .
This wild political ride seems destined to keep rolling .
Firefox 3 ( Release Candidate 3 ) Release Notes
Released : June 11 , 2008
This third Firefox 3 Release Candidate is a preview release of Mozilla 's next generation Firefox browser and is being made available for testing purposes only .
Preview releases are published to collect feedback from Web developers and our testing community before advancing to the next stage in the release process .
The final version of Firefox 3 will be released when we qualify the product as fully ready for our users .
Users of the latest released version of Firefox should not expect all of their add - ons to work properly with this preview release .
Please see below for an extensive list of features and enhancements found in Firefox 3 , as well as known issues and frequently asked questions .
As always , we appreciate your feedback either through this feedback form or by filing a bug in Bugzilla .
What 's New in Firefox 3
Firefox 3 is based on the Gecko 1.9
Web rendering platform , which has been under development for the past 34 months .
Building on the previous release , Gecko 1.9 has more than 15,000 updates including some major re-architecting to provide improved performance , stability , rendering correctness , and code simplification and sustainability .
Firefox 3 has been built on top of this new platform resulting in a more secure , easier to use , more personal product with a lot more under the hood to offer website and Firefox add - on developers .
More Secure
One - click site info : Click the site favicon in the location bar to see who owns the site and to check if your connection is protected from eavesdropping .
Identity verification is prominently displayed and easier to understand .
When a site uses Extended Validation ( EV ) SSL certificates , the site favicon button will turn green and show the name of the company you 're connected to .
( Try it here ! )
Malware Protection : malware protection warns users when they arrive at sites which are known to install viruses , spyware , trojans or other malware .
( Try it here ! )
New Web Forgery Protection page : the content of pages suspected as web forgeries is no longer shown .
( Try it here ! )
New SSL error pages : clearer and stricter error pages are used when Firefox encounters an invalid SSL certificate .
( Try it here ! )
Add-ons and Plugin version check : Firefox now automatically checks add - on and plugin versions and will disable older , insecure versions .
Secure add - on updates : to improve add - on update security , add - ons that provide updates in an insecure manner will be disabled .
Anti-virus integration : Firefox will inform anti-virus software when downloading executables .
Vista Parental Controls : Firefox now respects the Vista system - wide parental control setting for disabling file downloads .
Effective top - level domain ( eTLD ) service better restricts cookies and other restricted content to a single domain .
Better protection against cross -site JSON data leaks .
Easier to Use Easier password management : an information bar replaces the old password dialog so you can now save passwords after a successful login .
Simplified add - on installation : the add - ons whitelist has been removed making it possible to install extensions from third - party sites in fewer clicks .
New Download Manager : the revised download manager makes it much easier to locate downloaded files , and you can see and search on the name of the website where a file came from .
Your active downloads and time remaining are always shown in the status bar as your files download .
Resumable downloading : users can now resume downloads after restarting the browser or resetting your network connection .
Full page zoom : from the View menu and via keyboard shortcuts , the new zooming feature lets you zoom in and out of entire pages , scaling the layout , text and images , or optionally only the text size .
Your settings will be remembered whenever you return to the site .
Podcasts and Videocasts can be associated with your media playback tools .
Tab scrolling and quickmenu : tabs are easier to locate with the new tab scrolling and tab quickmenu .
Save what you were doing : Firefox will prompt users to save tabs on exit .
Optimized Open in Tabs behavior : opening a folder of bookmarks in tabs now appends the new tabs rather than overwriting .
Location and Search bar size can now be customized with a simple resizer item .
Text selection improvements : multiple text selections can be made with Ctrl / Cmd ; double - click drag selects in " word - by - word " mode ; triple - clicking selects a paragraph .
Find toolbar : the Find toolbar now opens with the current selection .
Plugin management : users can disable individual plugins in the Add - on Manager .
Integration with Windows : Firefox now has improved Windows icons , and uses native user interface widgets in the browser and in web forms .
Integration with the Mac : the new Firefox theme makes toolbars , icons , and other user interface elements look like a native OS X application .
Firefox also uses OS X widgets and supports Growl for notifications of completed downloads and available updates .
A combined back and forward control make it even easier to move between web pages .
Integration with Linux : Firefox 's default icons , buttons , and menu styles now use the native GTK theme .
More Personal Star button : quickly add bookmarks from the location bar with a single click ; a second click lets you file and tag them .
Tags : associate keywords with your bookmarks to sort them by topic .
Location bar & auto - complete : type in all or part of the title , tag or address of a page to see a list of matches from your history and bookmarks ; a new display makes it easier to scan through the matching results and find that page you 're looking for .
Results are returned according to their frecency ( a combination of frequency and recency of visits to that page ) ensuring that you 're seeing the most relevant matches .
An adaptive learning algorithm further tunes the results to your patterns !
( a combination of and of visits to that page ) ensuring that you 're seeing the most relevant matches .
An adaptive learning algorithm further tunes the results to your patterns !
Smart Bookmarks
Folder : quickly access your recently bookmarked and tagged pages , as well as your more frequently visited pages with the new smart bookmarks folder on your bookmark toolbar .
Places Organizer : view , organize and search through all of your bookmarks , tags , and browsing history with multiple views and smart folders to store your frequent searches .
Create and restore full backups whenever you want .
Web - based protocol handlers : web applications , such as your favorite webmail provider , can now be used instead of desktop applications for handling mailto : links from other sites .
Similar support is available for other protocols ( Web applications will have to first enable this by registering as handlers with Firefox ) .
Download & Install Add-ons : the Add- ons Manager ( Tools > Add-ons ) can now be used to download and install a Firefox customization from the thousands of Add - ons available from our community add - ons website .
When you first open the Add - ons Manager , a list of recommended Add - ons is shown .
Easy to use Download Actions : a new Applications preferences pane provides a better UI for configuring handlers for various file types and protocol schemes .
Improved Platform for Developers
New graphics and font handling : new graphics and text rendering architectures in Gecko 1.9 provides rendering improvements in CSS , SVG as well as improved display of fonts with ligatures and complex scripts .
Color management : ( set gfx.color_management.enabled on in about : config and restart the browser to enable . )
Firefox can now adjust images with embedded color profiles .
Offline support : enables web applications to provide offline functionality ( website authors must add support for offline browsing to their site for this feature to be available to users ) .
A more complete overview of Firefox 3 for developers is available for website and add - on developers .
Improved Performance Speed : improvements to our JavaScript engine as well as profile guided optimizations have resulted in continued improvements in performance .
Compared to Firefox 2 , web applications like Google Mail and Zoho Office run twice as fast in Firefox 3 , and the popular SunSpider test from Apple shows improvements over previous releases .
Memory usage : Several new technologies work together to reduce the amount of memory used by Firefox 3 over a web browsing session .
Memory cycles are broken and collected by an automated cycle collector , a new memory allocator reduces fragmentation , hundreds of leaks have been fixed , and caching strategies have been tuned .
Reliability : A user 's bookmarks , history , cookies , and preferences are now stored in a transactionally secure database format which will prevent data loss even if their system crashes .
Downloading and Installing
System Requirements
Before installing , make sure your computer meets the system requirements .
Downloading Firefox 3
Mozilla provides Firefox 3 for Windows , Linux , and Mac OS X in a variety of languages .
You can get the latest version of Firefox 3 here .
For builds for other systems and languages not provided by Mozilla.org , see the Contributed Builds section at the end of this document .
Installing Firefox 3
Please note that installing Firefox 3 will overwrite your existing installation of Firefox on Mac OS X , Linux , and Windows .
For all systems , you wo n't lose any of your bookmarks or browsing history , but some of your extensions and other add - ons might not work until updates for them are made available .
Removing Firefox 3
You can remove Firefox 3 through the Control Panel in the Start Menu on Windows , by removing the Firefox application on OS X , or by removing the firefox folder on Linux .
Removing Firefox 3 wo n't remove your bookmarks , web browsing history , extensions or other add - ons .
This data is stored in your profile folder , which is located in one of the following locations depending on your operating system :
Windows Vista Users\ < UserName > \AppData\Roaming \Mozilla \Firefox Windows 2000 , XP , Server 2003 Documents and Settings\< UserName > \Application Data\Mozilla \Firefox Mac OS X ~/ Library / Application Support / Firefox Linux and Unix systems ~/.mozilla/ firefox
Any version of Firefox that you install after removing Firefox 3 will continue to use the data from this profile folder .
Extensions and Themes
Extensions installed under previous versions of Firefox may be incompatible and / or require updates to work with Firefox 3 .
Please report any issues to the maintainer of the extension .
When you install Firefox 3 all of your Extensions and Themes will be disabled until Firefox 3 determines that either a ) they are compatible with the Firefox 3 release or b ) there are newer versions available that are compatible .
Known Issues
This list covers some of the known problems with Firefox 3 .
Please read this before reporting any new bugs .
Troubleshooting
Poorly designed or incompatible extensions can cause problems with your browser , including make it crash , slow down page display , etc .
If you encounter strange problems relating to parts of the browser no longer working , the browser not starting , windows with strange or distorted appearance , degraded performance , etc , you may be suffering from Extension or Theme trouble .
Restart the browser in Safe Mode .
On Windows , start using the " Safe Mode " shortcut created in your Start menu or by running firefox .
exe - safe - mode .
On Linux , start with ./ firefox - safe - mode and on Mac OS X , run : cd / Applications / Firefox.app/Contents/MacOS/
./firefox-bin - safe-mode
When started in Safe Mode all extensions are disabled and the Default theme is used .
Disable the Extension / Theme that is causing trouble and then start normally .
.
On Linux , start with and on Mac OS X , run :
When started in Safe Mode all extensions are disabled and the Default theme is used .
Disable the Extension / Theme that is causing trouble and then start normally .
If you uninstall an extension that is installed with your user profile ( i.e. you installed it from a Web page ) and then wish to install it for all user profiles using the - install - global - extension command line flag , you must restart the browser once to cleanse the profile extensions datasource of traces of that extension before installing with the switch .
If you do not do this you may end up with a jammed entry in the Extensions list and will be unable to install the extension globally .
If you encounter strange problems relating to bookmarks , downloads , window placement , toolbars , history , or other settings , it is recommended that you try creating a new profile and attempting to reproduce the problem before filing bugs .
Create a new profile by running Firefox with the - P command line argument , choose the " Manage Profiles " button and then choose " Create Profile ... " .
Migrate your settings files ( Bookmarks , Saved Passwords , etc ) over one by one , checking each time to see if the problems resurface .
If you do find a particular profile data file is causing a problem , file a bug and attach the file .
Frequently Asked Questions
What can I do to help ?
We need help from developers and the testing community to provide as much feedback as possible to make Firefox even better .
Please read these notes and the bug filing instructions before reporting any bugs to Bugzilla .
You can also give us your feedback through this feedback form .
If you 're interested in helping us test pre-release builds , you might want to join our beta test mailing list .
Why have n't you responded to the mail I sent you ?
Use the newsgroup .
The Firefox team reads it regularly , and your email may have gotten lost .
Where can I get extensions and themes ( add - ons ) ?
Extensions and Themes can be downloaded from Firefox Add-ons .
Who makes Firefox 3 ?
Lots of people .
See Help -> About Mozilla Firefox , Credits for a list of some of the people who have contributed to Firefox 3 .
Where 's the Firefox 3 source code ?
A tarball of the Firefox 3 source code is available for download .
The latest development code can be obtained by cvs .
Firefox - specific source is in " mozilla / browser " , " mozilla / toolkit " , and " mozilla / chrome " .
Please follow the build instructions .
Where is the mail client ?
Firefox 3 works with whatever mail client is the default on your system .
However , we recommend Mozilla Thunderbird , our next - generation email client and the perfect complement to Firefox .
The following resources contain useful information about Firefox 3 :
by | |
Greetings from Delhi .
Yesterday , Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh opened the conference , Towards a World Free of Nuclear Weapons , by lighting a lamp ( left ) and giving a speech ( right ) .
( I tried to convince George Perkovich to have a lamp lighting ceremony at the 2009 Carnegie Nonproliferation Conference , but I do n’t think he bought it . )
Singh ’s address to the conference , to commemorate the 20th anniversary of a speech by Rajiv Gandhi , emphasizing the need for disarmament and reiterating existing Indian proposals :
These proposals retain the spirit and substance of the Rajiv Gandhi Action Plan .
We hope that other states will agree to a dialogue on these proposals , and will join us in committing to nuclear disarmament .
That is the critical first step – a commitment , preferably a binding legal commitment through an international instrument , to eliminate nuclear weapons within a time bound framework .
I was almost encouraged until I saw the headline in The Hindu over breakfast — “ Ca n’t Limit Energy Options : PM . ”
In fact , these are the headlines from Google News :
Limiting energy options a luxury : PM
The Statesman
N - terrorist a realistic threat , says PM
Economic Times
Nuclear energy the best option
The Hindu ( online )
N - deal must for energy needs : Prime Minister
The Times of India
Only VOA headlined the story “ Prime Minister Pitches Global Nuclear Disarmament . ”
Back to weary cynicism .
We should n't be surprised to hear that George Bush dined with a group of historians on Sunday night .
The president has spent much of his second term pleading with history .
But however hard he lobbies the gatekeepers of memory , he will surely be judged the worst president the United States has ever had .
Even if historians were somehow to forget the illegal war , the mangling of international law , the trashing of the environment and social welfare , the banking crisis , and the transfer of wealth from poor to rich , one image is stamped indelibly on this presidency : the trussed automatons in orange jumpsuits .
It portrays a superpower prepared to dehumanise its prisoners , to wrap , blind and deafen them , to reduce them to mannequins , in a place as stark and industrial as a chicken - packing plant .
Worse , the government was proud of what it had done .
It was parading its impunity .
It wanted us to know that nothing would stand in its way : its power was both sovereign and unaccountable .
Three days before Bush arrived in Britain , the US supreme court ruled that the inmates at Guantánamo Bay were entitled to contest their detention in the civilian courts .
This is the third time the supreme court has ruled against the prison camp , but on this occasion Bush cannot change the law : the court has ruled that the prisoners ' rights are constitutional .
Symbolically the decision could scarcely be more important .
Practically it could scarcely be less .
The department of defence can transfer its prisoners to an oubliette in another country , where the constitution 's writ does not run .
The public atrocity of Guantánamo Bay has provided a useful distraction from something even worse : the sprawling system of secret detention camps the US runs around the world .
We do n't , of course , know much about this programme .
Bush first acknowledged it in September 2006 .
" Of the thousands of terrorists captured across the world , only about 770 have ever been sent to Guantánamo . "
Other suspects , he said , were being " held secretly " by the CIA .
" Many specifics of this program , including where these detainees have been held and the details of their confinement , cannot be divulged . "
He went on to claim that all the secret prisoners had now been transferred to Guantánamo Bay .
Several lines of evidence suggest that this claim was false .
The CIA appears to have overseen or controlled , and in some cases appears still to be running , black sites in Poland , Bulgaria , Romania , Ukraine , Macedonia , Kosovo , Morocco , Libya , Egypt , Djibouti , Somalia , Ethiopia , Iraq , Jordan , Afghanistan , Pakistan , Thailand and , possibly , Diego Garcia .
The US appears to be using ships as secret prisons .
In just two years the CIA ran 283 flights - which the Council of Europe believes were used for transporting secret prisoners - out of Germany alone .
It admits that it possesses 7,000 documents about its ghost detention programme .
Are we to believe all this was done for the 14 men transferred to Guantánamo Bay ?
In Iraq , the US now admits to holding 22,000 prisoners without charge in its own facilities , some of whom are known to be kept away from the Red Cross and other visitors .
Apart from those moved to Cuba , hardly anyone , so far , has come out of this system .
At the end of last year salon.com interviewed Muhammad Bashmilah , who was arrested and tortured by Jordanian police , handed to the Americans , flown to an unknown country in autumn 2003 , and held secretly by the CIA until he was transferred to Yemeni custody in May 2005 .
He reports that he was kept in a cell about the size of a transit van throughout the 19 months of his confinement , without any human contact except during interrogation .
The lights and a source of white noise were left on permanently .
Driven mad by isolation and sensory deprivation , he tried to kill himself several times .
Eventually , when it became obvious even to the CIA that he had nothing to do with terrorism , he was handed over to the Yemeni government , who held him for another year until he was released without charge .
Lawyers for some of the men transferred to Guantánamo Bay claim that , while in secret detention , their clients were left hanging from the ceiling by their wrists , beaten with electric cables , yanked around on a dog's leash , chained naked in a freezing cell , and doused with cold water .
" The CIA worked people day and night for months , " one prisoner reports .
" Plenty lost their minds .
I could hear people knocking their heads against the walls and doors , screaming their heads off . "
Could it be worse than this ?
Yes .
In 2003 , a US official admitted to the Sunday Telegraph that the CIA was detaining and interrogating children .
Discussing two boys aged seven and nine held in secret detention by the CIA , the official explained : " We are handling them with kid gloves .
After all , they are only little children , but we need to know as much about their father 's recent activities as possible .
We have child psychologists on hand at all times and they are given the best of care . "
According to another prisoner , the boys had already been tortured by Pakistani guards .
A former CIA official told the New Yorker that " every single plan [ in the secret detention programme ] is drawn up by interrogators , and then submitted for approval to the highest possible level - meaning the director of the CIA .
Any change in the plan - even if an extra day of a certain treatment was added - was signed off by the CIA director . "
Never mind detention without trial ; this is detention without acknowledgement .
When men and women disappear into this system , neither they nor their families know where they are .
The Red Cross cannot reach them ; they are beyond the scope of the law .
They have been disappeared in the Latin American sense of that word .
Do I need to explain that this treatment breaks just about every article in the Geneva conventions ?
Do I need to tell you that - without charges , trials , lawyers , scrutiny or even recognition - it is just as likely to net the innocent as the guilty ?
In 2006 George Bush maintained that " these are n't common criminals , or bystanders accidentally swept up on the battlefield - we have in place a rigorous process to ensure those held at Guantánamo Bay belong at Guantánamo " .
But a new and detailed investigation by the McClatchy newspaper group has found that many of them were indeed either common criminals or bystanders , or men sold to the authorities in order to settle a feud .
Who knows how many innocent people are going out of their minds in the CIA 's secret prisons today ?
Along with its innocent victims , the US government has locked itself into this system .
As the justice department has argued , these prisoners cannot be released in case they describe the " alternative interrogation methods " ( the euphemism it uses for torture ) the CIA used on them , which could " reasonably be expected to cause extremely grave damage " .
Like almost everything Bush has done , this programme promises to backfire .
George Bush will be remembered not only for the lives he has broken , but also for smashing everything he claimed to defend .
monbiot.com
· This article was amended on Wednesday June 18 2008 .
We originally referred to " the transfer of wealth from rich to poor " , when we meant the opposite .
This has been corrected .
Scientists at Wake Forest University Baptist Medical Center are about to embark on a human trial to test whether a new cancer treatment will be as effective at eradicating cancer in humans as it has proven to be in mice .
The treatment will involve transfusing specific white blood cells , called granulocytes , from select donors , into patients with advanced forms of cancer .
A similar treatment using white blood cells from cancer - resistant mice has previously been highly successful , curing 100 percent of lab mice afflicted with advanced malignancies .
Zheng Cui , Ph.D. , lead researcher and associate professor of pathology , will be announcing the study June 28 at the Understanding Aging conference in Los Angeles .
The study , given the go - ahead by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration , will involve treating human cancer patients with white blood cells from healthy young people whose immune systems produce cells with high levels of cancer - fighting activity .
The basis of the study is the scientists ' discovery , published five years ago , of a cancer - resistant mouse and their subsequent finding that white blood cells from that mouse and its offspring cured advanced cancers in ordinary laboratory mice .
They have since identified similar cancer - killing activity in the white blood cells of some healthy humans .
" In mice , we 've been able to eradicate even highly aggressive forms of malignancy with extremely large tumors , " Cui said .
" Hopefully , we will see the same results in humans .
Our laboratory studies indicate that this cancer - fighting ability is even stronger in healthy humans . "
The team has tested human cancer - fighting cells from healthy donors against human cervical , prostate and breast cancer cells in the laboratory – with surprisingly good results .
The scientists say the anti-tumor response primarily involves granulocytes of the innate immune system , a system known for fighting off infections .
Granulocytes are the most abundant type of white blood cells and can account for as much as 60 percent of total circulating white blood cells in healthy humans .
Donors can give granulocytes specifically without losing other components of blood through a process called apheresis that separates granulocytes and returns other blood components back to donors .
In a small study of human volunteers , the scientists found that cancer - killing activity in the granulocytes was highest in people under age 50 .
They also found that this activity can be lowered by factors such as winter or emotional stress .
They said the key to the success for the new therapy is to transfuse sufficient granulocytes from healthy donors while their cancer - killing activities are at their peak level .
For the upcoming study , the researchers are currently recruiting 500 local potential donors who are 50 years old or younger and in good health to have their blood tested .
Of those , 100 volunteers with high cancer - killing activity will be asked to donate white blood cells for the study .
Cell recipients will include 22 cancer patients who have solid tumors that either did n't respond originally , or no longer respond , to conventional therapies .
The study will cost $ 100,000 per patient receiving therapy , and for many patients ( those living in 22 states , including North Carolina ) the costs may be covered by their insurance company .
There is no cost to donate blood .
For general information about insurance coverage of clinical trials , go to the American Cancer Society 's web site at www.cancer.org/docroot/ETO/content/ETO_6_2x_State_Laws_Regarding_Clinical_Trials.asp.)
For more information about qualifications for donors and participants , go to www.wfubmc.edu/LIFT
( Web site will be available the evening of 6/27 . )
Cancer - killing ability in these cells is highest during the summer , so researchers are hoping to find volunteers who can afford the therapy quickly .
" If the study is effective , it would be another arrow in the quiver of treatments aimed at cancer , " said Mark Willingham , M.D. , a co-researcher and professor of pathology .
" It is based on 10 years of work since the cancer - resistant mouse was first discovered . "
Volunteers who are selected as donors – based on the observed potential cancer - fighting activity of their white cells – will complete the apheresis , a two - to three - hour process similar to platelet donation , to collect their granulocytes .
The cancer patients will then receive the granulocytes through a transfusion – a safe process that has been used for more than 30 years .
Normally , the treatment is used for patients who have antibiotic - resistant infectious diseases .
The treatment will be given for three to four consecutive days on an outpatient basis .
Up to three donors may be necessary to collect enough blood product for one study participant .
" The difference between our study and the traditional white cell therapy is that we 're selecting the healthy donors based on the cancer - killing ability of their white blood cells , " said Cui .
The scientists are calling the therapy Leukocyte InFusion Therapy ( LIFT ) .
The goal of the phase II study is to determine whether patients can tolerate a sufficient amount of transfused granulocytes for the treatment .
Participants will be monitored on a regular basis , and after three months scientists will evaluate whether the treatment results in clear clinical benefits for the patients .
If this phase of the study is successful , scientists will expand the study to determine if the treatment is best suited to certain types of cancer .
Source : Wake Forest University Baptist Medical Center
Explore further Clinical trial of selpercatinib shows strong response for patients with non-small cell lung cancer
Live television is exciting because anything can happen .
Most exciting of all is when ' respectable ' television journalists succumb to the unexpected ( they trip , get mauled by animals , lit aflame , etc. ) right there on your TV .
Here is a compilation video I made of everything tragic that could possibly happen to a television news reporter .
Some of these clips have become internet classics , and some you may have never seen before .
Either way it 's three minutes of pure bliss that will make you feel better about dropping out of j - school .
The meeting was the highest - level encounter for 60 years
The head of Taiwan 's ruling party has met Chinese President Hu Jintao in the highest - level encounter since the two sides split in 1949 .
Kuomintang ( Nationalist Party ) Chairman Wu Poh -hsiung is in China for a six - day landmark visit to discuss cross -strait transport links .
The trip is being seen as another sign of warming ties between the two sides .
Taiwan 's new president , Ma Ying - jeou , has called for a new " chapter of peace " to be opened .
Mr Wu met Chinese President Hu Jintao at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing .
Mr
Hu made reference to the potential for improved relations under Taiwan 's new leadership , and also expressed his gratitude for aid from Taiwan following the devastating earthquake in China 's Sichuan province .
" The love for compatriots shown by the whole Chinese people in time of disaster will become the power to drive cooperation between the compatriots across the strait and create the future together , " he said .
Mr
Wu took the opportunity to say that Taiwan and China should ensure they never take up arms against each other again .
" We can not guarantee there wo n't be any natural disasters ... but through our mutual efforts , we can ensure there is no war , " he added .
' Second track '
TAIWAN - CHINA RELATIONS
Ruled by separate governments since end of Chinese civil war in 1949 China considers the island part of its territory China has offered a " one country , two systems " solution , like Hong Kong Most people in Taiwan support status quo
Taiwan flashpoint On Tuesday Mr
Wu held talks with Jia Qinglin , a high - ranking Communist Party official .
The agenda included establishing direct cross-strait flights and allowing more Chinese tourists into Taiwan .
The BBC's Caroline Gluck in Taipei says Mr Wu is not authorised to sign any documents with Chinese officials .
And some analysts have said that China is calling the shots by allowing this high profile meeting to take place before a visit by the head of Taiwan 's semi-official body , the Straits Exchange Foundation , the only organisation designated by Taipei to hold negotiations with Beijing in the absence of official contacts .
Nevertheless Mr Ma has said he welcomes this latest visit , our correspondent adds .
He says contacts between the two sides ' ruling parties could serve as what he calls a " second track " in helping to improve and promote friendlier relations between Taiwan and China .
China says that Taiwan is part of its territory , although the two have been separately governed since 1949 .
Beijing has previously threatened to attack Taiwan if the self - ruled island ever proclaimed independence .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
The freakiest thing about reading CIA gadget lore is that it 's all real .
The nerds working for the agency 's Office of Technical Services were always devising and building gadgets to get people out of — or into — difficult situations .
Here 's a rundown of crazy stuff from the Spytech book , not necessarily stuff you 'd carry all at the same time , but stuff that , to paraphrase Dr. Strangelove , would help a fella have a pretty nice weekend in Moscow .
Jump for all the pictures and descriptions :
OK , so you 're out there on your ops , and you want to pick up chatter from enemy radio .
You do n't want to look suspicious , so you pull out your pipe and pretend to pack it with tobacco .
You can't actually light it , because inside this pipe - shaped countersurveillance radio is a receiver , batteries and a bunch of other stuff that wo n't take kindly to smoke and embers .
The device 's neatest attribute is its lack of earpiece .
Instead , you 'd bite down on the mouthpiece , and hear signal through bone conduction .
Advertisement
Once you 've gathered your information , you can stash your film and other goodies into a dead rat .
Or , if you think rats are icky , you can put your data into a brick or a rock .
Here 's one actual " concealment " brick with a cement cap :
Advertisement
Since there 's always a risk of getting caught , smart guys wrote down their info on water - soluble paper , and stored it in thermoses .
A thin layer of glass separated the paper from water ; when the bad guys came close to apprehending the agent , he 'd just drop the thermos and the glass would shatter .
There 'd be no sign of the paper , and the contents would then be drinkable — if you did n't mind all the broken glass .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Earlier on , guys would wrote down data in exploding notebooks , but I imagine the practice was curtailed when they drew a little too much attention , especially in phone booths , airplanes or gas stations .
Note :
The instructions tell you to remove the safety when you start using it , not just when you need to blow it up .
Advertisement
If your data - dumping apparatuses did n't get you out of trouble , you 're lucky you 've got an Escape & Evasion Rectal Suppository Tool Kit shoved up your ass .
That 's right , that tool kit is rectal , and goes up presumably far enough that the man with the rubber glove ( you know the man ) wo n't find it .
Hopefully you 'll be able to get to it when you need to saw , drill , ply and file your way out of a Siberian prison camp .
Advertisement
Escape futile ?
Or just having an upleasant time with the whole suppository tool kit ?
If you planned ahead , you got the agency to provide you with a definitive way out .
Though not common , " L - Pills " containing " lethal " substances were issued from time to time , and stashed in pens .
U - 2 spyplane pilots carried something slightly different , a needle , hidden within another larger needle ( you know , so you do n't prick yourself ) , tipped with something nasty called " saxitoxin . "
Advertisement
All of this CIA tech and much more like it is covered with great depth and hair - raising anecdotes in Spycraft , a new book by Robert Wallace and H. Keith Melton , reviewed by us , and available for pre-order at Amazon .
With Crytek claiming its going to start developing games for consoles , only to then announce a PC exclusive , people have been talking about whether there will be more PC - only games released in the future .
While there may technically be more PCs in the homes of consumers , the number of consoles is growing , and your 360 or PS3 is much better at playing games than your average home computer , an argument Roy Taylor , NVIDIA 's VP of Content Business Development , can't ignore .
He sees a trend in gaming : titles begin life on consoles , and are then improved for the PC .
" In the past , PC gaming development meant pandering to the lowest common denominator — which meant some poor integrated graphics , " Taylor told Eurogamer .
" Today , developing a PC game means starting at a console , and console graphics are way above integrated graphics .
That means the baseline is getting better .
Now we 're going to add to that version additional features , additional content , to make the PC version even better . "
The way he explains it , the console version of a game is almost the first draft .
He brings up games like Gears of War and Assassin 's Creed , saying that they began on consoles , only to be made better when ported to the PC with features like improved graphics and level editors .
" That 's something that people need to get their heads around ... the PC is going to be an improved version . "
I 'm not sure that 's the case with Assassin 's Creed , which suffered from a host of problems on the PC , but certainly with games like Mass Effect we 're seeing this theory being proven out .
The console as proving ground
The problem is that this strategy means that consoles will basically be the proving ground for titles before they come to PC , which means fewer games will be built from the ground up to take advantage of what the PC can do .
Taylor is blunt on this point : he simply does n't see a future for PC exclusives .
" I think we have to face the facts — the value of consoles is such that no one is going to make a PC - exclusive game in the future .
Why would they ?
Why would they ignore consoles ? "
Of course , there is still room for the industry .
" That said , PC gaming is changing — and consoles do n't threaten PC gaming .
They 're just different . "
Taylor also has some chilling words for people who like to pretend they own their games .
" I think that we 're going to see more digital authentication , and we 're going to see more of an approach that says that PC games are n't products — they 're a service .
You 're going to start out with a basic service , which is the game , and then increase the value of that service through patches , mod packs , expansions , maps and so on . "
The reason is simple : piracy .
Taylor brings out a now often - heard argument , that " the pirates are just killing the developers — and I think it 's really unfair what they 're doing . "
The first few pushes into this type of PC - gaming experience have been mixed .
Gamers reacted in outrage when it was announced that Mass Effect and Spore would " phone home " to authenticate every ten days ; EA subsequently loosened the DRM restrictions in reaction to the bad press .
Team Fortress 2 was released looking like a finished product , but now patches have begun arriving , with more announced , that beef up the character classes with new achievements and weapons .
The game is changing , with the patches and new content keeping players interested .
PC gaming is n't dying , it 's merely changing , and Taylor has some intriguing ideas about how the industry will react to the sales power of consoles .
The problem is that these may not be things that the PC gamers themselves would like to hear .
" Whatever might happen the results will not be recognised by the world .
No matter what you are forced to do we know what is in your heart .
Do n't risk your life .
The people 's victory may be delayed but it wo n't be denied . "
If you have a Google Analytics account , you must have seen that Google uses slightly rounded edges in the menu buttons on the left .
See the picture below :-
Today , I will teach you how to give these nifty little rounded edges to your menu .
Given below is the CSS code .
This goes into the head section of your HTML file . :-
CSS
Here is the HTML needed .
This goes in the body of your HTML file . :-
HTML
Once you have copied the above pieces of code into your HTML file and when you run it , you should see something like this :-
So , you can see that these rounded corners can be created without using any kind of images .
You can download the source file here :- Download
Please let me know if you have any problems or just leave comments if you like it . 🙂
When the campaign launched a website today to combat rumors about Barack Obama 's patriotism , his religion and his family , the first entry dealt with his wife .
Michelle Obama becomes GOP target
It ’s less than a week into the general election campaign , but already Michelle Obama is a Republican target .
Former Secretary of State Lawrence Eagleburger leveled the first blow , introducing Republican John McCain ’s wife at a fundraiser this week as someone who is “ proud of her country , not just once but always . ”
Obama was n’t mentioned by name , but the audience got it .
Advertisement
The dig signaled the start of what Democrats expect will be a concerted effort to cast Michelle Obama — and , by extension , Barack Obama — as an unpatriotic radical .
It also pointed out the urgency to define Michelle Obama to general election voters before the opposition goes too far in doing it for her , strategists said .
“ We live now in an era where everything and everyone is fair game , ” said Douglas E. Schoen , who was a pollster and adviser to former President Bill Clinton from 1994 to 2000 .
“ It is certainly the case that Teresa Heinz Kerry was probably not an asset in John Kerry ’s campaign , at least publicly , and the jury is still out on how the public will view Michelle Obama . ”
Despite being a steady presence at her husband ’s side on primary election nights , and sitting for occasional media interviews , Michelle Obama remains an unfamiliar figure to most voters , strategists said .
When she campaigned in recent months , it was almost always alone and in small settings .
The most sustained attention she received on cable news shows was for her controversial February statement leaving the impression that she was n’t proud of her country until this year .
“ There is no reason to expect her to have a brand .
But the campaign needs to start doing that , ” said Erik Smith , a Democratic strategist and aide to former Rep. Richard Gephardt during his 2004 presidential campaign .
“ Defining Michelle Obama goes a long way in defining Barack Obama .
I am sure it is a campaign priority . ”
Indeed , when the campaign launched a website today to combat rumors about Barack Obama 's patriotism , his religion and his family , the first entry dealt with his wife .
Other efforts are on tap .
She joins the candidate Friday for a roundtable in Ohio with senior citizens and appears as a guest host next week on " The View , " the popular daytime talk show , giving her access to friendly , high - profile platforms .
Campaign aides said they are “ staffing up across the board , ” including for Michelle Obama — a move that Schoen said reflects the need to “ manage the image and utterances of the spouse . ”
The heightened scrutiny “ requires a level of staffing and attention to detail that goes beyond what spouses have typically gotten , ” Schoen said .
Most voters likely wo n't decide which candidate to support based on wives .
Only 22 percent of respondents in a Rasmussen Reports survey released Wednesday said their perception of the spouse is very important to how they vote .
But the more people learn about her , the more people understand her husband , strategists said .
The Rasmussen survey showed Michelle Obama , at this point , as a more polarizing figure than Cindy McCain .
Forty - eight percent of voters hold a favorable impression of the presumptive Democratic nominee ’s spouse , while 42 percent view her unfavorably , including a “ startling ” 25 percent with a very unfavorable opinion , Rasmussen wrote in its release .
Cindy McCain earned a favorable assessment from 49 percent of voters and an unfavorable review from 29 percent , including 10 percent who held a very unfavorable opinion .
Michelle Obama receives lower ratings than first lady Laura Bush did during the 2004 campaign but fares better than did Heinz Kerry , whose numbers dropped as Election Day drew closer .
Obama is drawing comparisons to another presidential spouse : Hillary Rodham Clinton , who , like Obama , was 44 years old , was Ivy League - educated , earned more money than her husband and raised a child in the spotlight .
Clinton also became a lightening rod for the conservative right .
But unlike 1992 , the debate is n’t a proxy battle about the traditional bounds for women .
Obama , to a greater degree than Clinton , makes her family life the centerpiece of her public image , talking frequently about family - work life balance and her two young daughters .
This time , the criticism is rooted in a combustible mix of race and patriotism .
The Obama campaign and PolitiFact , an independent fact - checking website , have debunked chain e-mails in the last month claiming she advocated racial separatism in her college thesis .
Long the domain of rumors about her husband , the e-mails also focused on her February remark : “ For the first time in my adult lifetime , I am really proud of my country . ”
Michelle Obama later clarified her statement , saying that her pride was in the political process and that she was “ absolutely ” always proud of the country .
The Tennessee Republican Party picked up on the remark , however , and posted a Web video last month that juxtaposed her statement with average voters claiming pride in their country .
The video reaped considerable national media attention and drew a sharp response from Barack Obama ( “ Lay off my wife , ” he said at the time ) .
He did the same last week when he was forced to respond to rumors of a video showing his wife using a derogatory term for white people .
“ There is dirt and lies that are circulated in e-mails , and they pump them out long enough until finally you , a mainstream reporter , asks me about it , ” Barack Obama said to a reporter who asked about the purported video , for which there is no evidence to support its existence .
“ That gives legs to the story .
If somebody has evidence that myself or Michelle or anybody has said something inappropriate , let them do it . ”
His comments followed a month of chatter from conservative pundits that the video 's release was imminent .
The fact that Barack Obama was personally pressed on the matter is said to be a reason why the campaign launched the website , which states on the front page : " No Such Tape Exists . "
Chris Lehane , a veteran of Bill Clinton ’s 1992 presidential campaign , said the Obama campaign faces a choice similar to the one they faced with Hillary Clinton .
As she , too , became a target of Republicans , “ we made the decision to put her out there and not go into the bunker , ” Lehane said .
The campaign gave her “ an entire support system , ” including more than a dozen aides , he said .
By the late summer , attacks on Hillary Clinton at the Republican National Convention backfired as polls showed the criticism had turned off moderate and independent voters .
“ They are going to try to make her a focal point of the campaign , ” Lehane said of Michelle Obama .
The McCain campaign will likely avoid attacks , but independent expenditure groups “ will take selectively used phrases , manipulate and exploit them . ”
The biggest concern for McCain , said a Republican media consultant , “ will be controlling renegade county chairmen and people who have a tendency to be less disciplined about the right thing to say . "
“ This is an area where people have to be extremely careful , " said John Brabender , who is serving as an informal adviser to the McCain campaign .
" Voters have grown to believe that spouses are often well off - limits . ”
Campaign aides said they expect Michelle Obama to maintain her schedule of several days a week on the campaign trail , at least until her daughters finish the school year .
They view her as Barack Obama ’s best character witness , introducing him as a father and a husband , and making connections with other women , particularly as the campaign attempts to lock down Clinton voters .
Tucker Bounds , a McCain spokesman , said the Arizona senator is “ committed to running a respectful campaign ” that is focused on the issues .
Bounds , however , did not respond to a request for comment on Eagleburger ’s remark .
“ She is more likely to be an issue during the slow summer months than the real campaign after Labor Day , ” Brabender said .
“ It is a distraction that campaigns can just not afford . ”
Nah , the idea of using a freshly - mushroomed NES controller as your coffee table is n't new , but we 've got to give props where props are due on this one .
Kyle Downes has just completed a painstaking project that resulted in his very own NES controller table , complete with a removable glass top to protect the unit itself .
Best of all , it 's way more than just a living room centerpiece .
Open it up and you 'll find loads of storage room for items any Big N fanboy should n't be without .
Remove the glass covering and you 'll realize that it's a fully - functional Nintendo Entertainment System control pad .
Do n't believe us ?
Check out the video after the break .
[ Via GeekLifeBlog
We got our hands on ASUS 's beefy M70 laptop way back at CES earlier this year , but it looks like the company has just now gotten around to letting the monster loose on the general populace .
In case you missed it , this one packs up to one terabyte of storage ( in the form of two 500 GB drives ) , along with a 17 - inch WUXGA display , your choice of Core 2 Duo processors up to a T9300 , ATI Mobile Radeon HD3650 or HD3470 graphics , and an optional Blu-ray drive , among other expectedly top - end features .
To make sure no one else but you gets to toy around with all that , ASUS has also seen fit to include not one but two security measures , including the usual fingerprint scanner and ASUS 's trademark SmartLogon face - scanning technology .
No word on a price , but we 're guessing that 's a detail best kept on a need to know basis .
[ Via PC Launches ]
Wind turbines , once used primarily for farms and rural houses far from electrical service , are becoming more common in heavily populated residential areas as homeowners are attracted to ease of use , financial incentives and low environmental effects .
No one tracks the number of small - scale residential wind turbines  windmills that run turbines to produce electricity  in the United States .
Experts on renewable energy say a convergence of factors , political , technical and ecological , has caused a surge in the use of residential wind turbines , especially in the Northeast and California .
“ Back in the early days , off - grid electrical generation was pursued mostly by hippies and rednecks , usually in isolated , rural areas , ” said Joe Schwartz , editor of Home Power magazine .
“ Now , it ’s a lot more mainstream . ”
“ The big shift happened in the last three years , ” Mr. Schwartz said , because of technology that makes it possible to feed electricity back to the grid , the commercial power system fed by large utilities .
“ These new systems use the utility for back up power , removing the need for big , expensive battery backup systems . ”
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Former White House press secretary Scott McClellan charges in an explosive new book that President George W. Bush used propaganda to sell the Iraq war , prompting angry rebukes from current and former Bush aides .
The cover of the soon - to - be - released memoir written by White House Press Secretary Scott McClellan is shown on May 28 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Larry Downing
“ In the permanent campaign era , it was all about manipulating sources of public opinion to the president ’s advantage , ” wrote McClellan , the first Bush insider to write a book criticizing his former boss and fellow Texan .
It was a dramatic break from the close - knit Bush inner circle by the mild - mannered , 40 - year - old McClellan and it drew instant condemnations on Wednesday from former White House colleagues who wondered why he stayed in the job .
“ If he thinks he ’s going to ingratiate himself to his critics , he ’s sorely mistaken , and unfortunately , the only friends he had , he just lost , ” said Dan Bartlett , who served as White House counselor .
McClellan , in “ What Happened -- Inside the Bush White House and Washington ’s Culture of Deception , ” presents himself as a one - time true Bush believer who mistakenly fell in line behind “ the campaign to sell the war ” in Iraq .
McClellan , who had argued strenuously from the White House podium on why the war was justified , wrote that Bush and his top aides conducted a “ political propaganda campaign ” that misled Americans and that Bush led the crisis in a way that “ almost guaranteed that the use of force would become the only feasible option . ”
“ What I do know is that war should only be waged when necessary , and the Iraq war was not necessary , ” he said .
McClellan called Bush “ a man of personal charm , wit , and enormous political skill , ” and “ plenty smart enough to be president , ” while sprinkling criticism of him throughout the 341 - page book .
His operating style , said McClellan , was to remain “ continually in campaign mode , never explaining , never apologizing , never retreating .
Unfortunately , that strategy also had less justifiable repercussions : never reflecting , never reconsidering , never compromising .
Especially where Iraq was concerned . ”
‘ DISGRUNTLED ’
McClellan was replaced as White House press secretary in 2006 by Tony Snow , and Snow gave way to Dana Perino about a year ago .
Many in the White House were stunned by the book .
Perino blasted McClellan .
“ Scott , we now know , is disgruntled about his experience at the White House .
For those of us who fully supported him , before , during and after he was press secretary , we are puzzled .
It is sad -- this is not the Scott we knew , ” she wrote in an e-mail to reporters .
Later , she told reporters that Bush was puzzled and disappointed .
“ He does n’t recognize this as the Scott McClellan he hired and confided in and worked with so many years , ” she said .
The Iraq war was fought over charges that Saddam Hussein possessed weapons of mass destruction based on intelligence that later proved to be faulty .
Bush began building the case for war in 2002 after the upheaval caused by the September 11 , 2001 , attacks .
Bush , at the U.S. Air Force Academy in Colorado , ignored the book and instead sought Americans ’ patience for the prolonged wars in Iraq and Afghanistan .
But former McClellan associates were livid .
“ Here ’s a guy who rode the president ’s coattails to the world stage and now is ( urinating ) on his political grave , all the way to the bank , ” said former White House deputy press secretary Trent Duffy .
Bartlett said McClellan was drawing broad conclusions from decisions in meetings that he did not attend .
In the run-up to the war , McClellan was a deputy press secretary dealing with domestic affairs .
“ Whatever misgivings Scott now proclaims to have , he never shared with anybody , publicly or privately with his closest friends in the White House , which can only leave you scratching your head about the timing of a book right before the president leaves office , ” Bartlett said .
Former White House press secretary Ari Fleischer said he was “ heartbroken and stumped ” by the book .
“ If Scott felt this , why did n’t he ever come to me privately and express it , or why did he take the press secretary job if he thought the president and the White House were disseminating propaganda ? ”
Fleischer said .
McClellan had harsh words for many of the president ’s team .
Secretary of State Condoleezza
Rice was deft at protecting her reputation “ even when the problems related to matters under her direct purview , ” he wrote .
Former Bush adviser Karl Rove was “ the kind of person who would be willing , in the heat of battle , to push the envelop to the limit of what is permissible ethically or legally , ” McClellan wrote .
And he said the news media was too deferential to the White House and served as “ complicit enablers . ”
, but when I 'm not busy learning more than everybody else , sometimes I like to look at free porn just like any normal guy does , sometimes gay porn is cool too , you know , just kind of depends on the mood .
Whoever said you ca n’t make a good cherry pie with sweet cherries was lying .
Sure , I love a sour or tart cherry pie as much as the next cherry - lover , but when the Greenmarket only has the sweet ones , there ’s no reason to run in the other direction .
It helps that they were early - season cherries , thus not as sweet as the dark purple Bings we ’re getting in the supermarkets right now .
But I maintain that even if their sugars were fully developed , you could have just dialed back the sugar and punched up the acidity some more to balance it out .
There ’s just no excuse not to make cherry pie when they ’re this pretty .
You might want to wear dark clothes when you pit the cherries .
Even with OXO ’s smarty - pants splash guard ( yes , I finally bought one ) , I was finding garnet splatters from the food processor to the wall hours later .
( I thought it was pretty and amusingly macabre , but Fear of Ants got me to wipe it up anyway . )
A good part of my Pie Superstition comes from the fact that pie dough , it just does n’t like heat and humidity .
It ’s best to know this going into it , rechill it if it gets sticky , and try not to bemoan the tears and patching that inevitably occur , at least in our kitchen .
Because seriously , does this just not make you want to get outside ?
Do you see that sunlight ricocheting off the cherries ?
Sadly , the lid , with it ’s off - centered and ill - conceived star cut out did n’t do those cherries justice , but I did n’t hear anyone complain .
It was still , indeed , a star .
And it did n’t last long .
We considered arm - wrestling for the last piece .
The pie did n’t win .
One year ago : Lemon Risotto
When one hears the words “ sole survivor ” it tends to conjure up many feeling and emotions .
For the families and loved ones hearing that there is only one person alive , and then holding out hope that just maybe it was their family or loved one that survived .
For the survivor thinking why me and was it fate , or was it not my time , was it destiny or was it just pure luck ?
Or maybe it is as Forest Gump said : “ I do n’t know if we each have a destiny , or if we ’re all just floating around accidental - like on a breeze , but I think maybe it ’s both .
Maybe both is happening at the same time ” .
NOTE : I tried keeping the descriptions short , and that was often difficult .
I wanted to include information on the flight , the crash and the survivor .
Many sources were used to make this list , so I am fairly confident the general information is correct , but please , if any Listverser knows of any information that is incorrect or want to add some additional facts or information about these air disasters or other sole survivors , please share them .
Also it might seem not quite right to put a subject matter like this in a bottom to top list order .
Obviously , each incident is just as tragic as the next .
The “ order ” criteria I used was the over all survival story , and the survival chances of each individual .
10 First Lieutenant Martin Farkaš
Date of Crash : January 19 , 2006
Aircraft type : Antonov An - 24
Operator : Slovak Air Force
Crash Site : Hejce , Hungary
Passengers & Crew : 43
Fatalities : 42
Cause of Crash : Pilot Error
This airplane was carrying Slovak peacekeepers .
The aircraft crashed in snowy and forested terrain , on Borsó Hill , at an elevation of 700 meters ( 2,300 feet ) , near the Hungarian village of Hejce and the town of Telkibánya .
The plane hit the tops of trees , before catching fire and crashing .
The bodies and wreckage were scattered over a large area .
Michaela Farkasova , the wife of the only survivor , reported that she received a cellular telephone call from her husband , who told her that his plane had crashed in a forest .
He asked her to alert rescue services .
Shortly after the phone call , Farkas was found .
According to rescuers , his survival was pure luck as he was found in the aircraft ’s lavatory , which received little damage .
Farkaš suffered minor brain swelling and lung injuries after the crash .
He was put into a medically induced coma , and was soon reported to be in stable condition .
Further investigations indicated that the pilot descended too early in the dark towards the lights of Košice .
9 James Polehinke
Date of Crash : August 27 , 2006
Aircraft type : Bombardier Canadair Regional Jet ( CRJ ) CRJ - 100ER
Operator : Comair ( d /b / a Delta Connection
Crash Site : Blue Grass Airport , Lexington , Kentucky
Passengers & Crew Onboard : 50
Fatalities : 49
Cause of Crash : Pilot Error
This aircraft was assigned the airport ’s Runway 22 for the takeoff , but used Runway 26 instead .
Runway 26 was too short for a safe takeoff , causing the aircraft to overrun at the end of the runway before it could become airborne , killing all 47 passengers and two of the three crew .
The Flights First officer , James Polehinke , was the only survivor .
Polehinke suffered serious injuries , including multiple broken bones , a collapsed lung and severe bleeding .
Doctors later determined that Polehinke had suffered brain damage , and has no memory of the crash or the events leading up to it .
Polehinke was flying the plane when it crashed , but it was the flight ’s captain , Jeffrey Clay , who taxied the aircraft onto the wrong runway .
8 Foye Kenneth Roberts
Date of Crash : JUNE 14 , 1943
Aircraft type : B - 17C Flying Fortress
Crash Site : BAKERS CREEK NEAR MACKAY , QLD Australia
Passengers & Crew : 41
Fatalities : 40
Cause of Crash : unknown
For reasons of military security and morale , this incident was hushed - up by U.S. Army and Australian civil authorities for many years .
The plane carried forty - one American servicemen returning from ten days of leave .
The aircraft took off into ground fog , and leveled off at an altitude of about 300 feet .
In a matter of minutes the plane had caught fire in the air , and as it dived into the trees one of its wings came away , leaving a great opening in the fuselage through which most of the passengers were emptied into the bush before the final impact .
The only survivor was Foye Kenneth Roberts .
Roberts suffered head injuries that were not diagnosed at the time of the crash , and lost his speech for many years after lifesaving brain surgery .
Roberts cannot recall anything of the actual crash .
In February 2004 , Foye Kenneth Roberts passed away .
Another fact that is remarkable is that , still to this day , this crash rates as the worst aviation disaster in Australian history .
7 Nestor Mata
Date of Crash : March 17 , 1957
Aircraft type : C - 47 Skytrain
Operator : Philippine Air Force
Crash Site : 22 miles NW of Cebu City , Philippines
Passengers & Crew : 26
Fatalities : 25
Cause of Crash : Metal fatigue
This crash killed the 7th President of the Philippines , Ramon Magsaysay , as well as many high ranking military officials .
A reporter for the Philippine Herald , Nestor Mata , was the sole survivor of the accident .
The aircraft took off from Lahug Airport for Nichols Field , and eyewitnesses on the ground observed that the airplane had not gained enough altitude as it approached the mountain ranges in Balamban .
Mata was sitting in the second seat , next to the President ’s compartment , when the crash occurred , and remembers there was a blinding flash for a moment , then he fell unconscious .
When he regained consciousness he found himself on the side of a steep cliff among trees and bushes .
As he was in agonizing pain , he began shouting , ‘ Mr. President ! Mr. President !’
When some farmers found him they had to return to the village to get a hammock on which they loaded and carried him for 18 hours through rugged terrain .
As soon as Mata reached the Southern Island Hospital in Cebu , he was treated for severe shock and pain from second and third degree burns .
Mata did not lose consciousness in the hospital , and was able to dictate to a nurse a press dispatch to his paper .
It began ‘ President Magsaysay is dead . ’
The photo above of the white cross is a “ marker ” of the exact site of the crash .
6 Erika Delgado
Date of Crash : Jan 13 , 1995
Aircraft type : DC-9
Operator : Intercontinental airlines
Crash Site : Maria La Baja , 500 miles north - west of Bogota
Passengers & Crew : 52
Fatalities : 51
Cause of Crash : Unknown
This airliner exploded in mid-air as the pilot , apparently , was attempting an emergency landing near a swamp , but hit a grassy field and exploded and then toppled into a lagoon .
A farmer said he heard cries for help , and found a 9 year old girl , Erika Delgado , on a mound of seaweed , which had broken her fall .
She was the only survivor .
She was traveling with her parents and a younger brother , from Bogota to the Caribbean resort city of Cartagena .
The rescuers said she told them her mother had shoved her out of the plane as it broke up and burst into flames .
She was taken to hospital in shock , and with a broken arm .
Erika later recalls someone approached and ignored her cries for help , but ripped a gold necklace from her neck and ran away .
Witnesses say scavengers also looted the bodies of other passengers .
Erika issued a plea for the return of the necklace , which she says was the only memento of her father .
5 George Lamson , Jr.
Date of Crash : January 21 , 1985
Aircraft type : Lockheed Electra 188
Crash Site : Reno , Nevada , USA
Passengers & Crew : 71
Fatalities : 70
Cause of Crash : Pilot / Ground Crew error
After a weekend of skiing , 17 year old George Lamson had taken a seat next to his father in the front row of the airplane ’s cabin , directly behind the bulkhead .
The plane began to shudder and the plane ’s right wing dipped as it began its ill - advised right turn .
Lamson pulled his knees to his chest just as the plane hit the ground .
The force of the crash ripped Lamson ’s seat from the fuselage , and he was catapulted out of the plane , landing upright in the middle of the highway , still strapped in his seatbelt .
He unbuckled and dashed toward a field at the far edge of the pavement as the plane exploded .
Three people survived the crash initially , including George Lamson ’s father , but both died a few days later of severe burns and head injuries .
It was later determined that the probable cause of this accident was the captain ’s failure to control , and the copilot ’s failure to monitor the flight path and airspeed of the aircraft .
This is what caused the unexpected vibration shortly after takeoff .
Lamson was recently contacted by the press and is a now a father himself .
He asked the reporter not to reveal anything more of his work or whereabouts and remains a very private person .
4 Mohammed el - Fateh Osman
Date of Crash : July 8 , 2003
Aircraft type : Boeing 737
Operator : Sudan Airways
Crash Site : Port Sudan
Passengers & Crew : 116
Fatalities : 115
Cause of Crash : * Unknown
About 10 minutes after takeoff heading from Port Sudan on the northeastern coast to the capital , the pilot radioed the control tower about a problem in one engine .
The pilot killed that engine and told the tower he was returning to the airport .
Ten minutes later , the Sudanese airliner plunged into a hillside while attempting an emergency landing , killing 116 people and leaving 3 - year old Mohammed el - Fateh Osman amid a scene of charred corpses , as the only survivor .
The boy was found injured and lying on a fallen tree by a nomad .
The boy ’s mother was among the victims .
Mohammed lost part of a lower leg and was treated for severe burns .
The bodies were buried in a mass grave after performing the Muslim prayer , because the conditions of the bodies would not allow transporting and delivering them to the relatives .
* The country blamed the United States for the crash , saying that sanctions had restricted vital aircraft parts .
The United States denied that claim , stating that there was no ban on equipment required for aviation safety .
3 Vesna Vulovi ?
Date of Crash : January 26 , 1972
Aircraft type : McDonnell - Douglas DC-9
Operator : Jugoslovenski Aero transport
Cause of Crash : Bombing
Crash Site : Hinterhermsdorf , East Germany
Passengers & Crew :28
Fatalities : 27
This is close to the top of the list because of the overall circumstances , and the unbelievable survival story of Vesna Vulovi ? .
Vesna was a flight attendant on board when a bomb went off , at the altitude of 33,000 ft. ( 10,050 meters ) .
The terrorist act was attributed to Croatian Ustashe terrorists .
The explosion tore the jet into several pieces in mid-air .
The wreckage fell through the sky for three minutes before striking a frozen mountainside .
A German man , upon arriving at the crash , found Vesna lying half outside of the plane , with another crew member ’s body on top of her , and a serving cart pinned against her body .
The man was a medic in the second world war , and did what he could for her until further help arrived .
Vesna ’s injuries included a fractured skull , two broken legs and three broken vertebrae , which left her temporarily paralyzed from the waist down .
She regained the use of her legs after surgery , and continued working for JAT at a desk job .
It was discovered later that her schedule had been mixed up with that of another flight attendant named Vesna , and she was subsequently placed on the wrong flight .
Vesna still holds the Guinness World Record for the highest fall survived without a parachute , at 33,330 feet .
She is considered a national heroine throughout the former Yugoslavia .
2 Cecelia Cichan
Date of Crash : August 16 , 1987
Aircraft type : McDonnell Douglas MD - 82
Operator : Northwest Airlines
Crash Site : Romulus , Michigan ( western Detroit )
Passengers & Crew Onboard : 155
Fatalities Onboard : 154 – 2 on the ground were also killed
Cause of Crash : Pilot error
After taking off from Metro Airport , during the initial climb , the plane rolled about 35 degrees in each direction .
The left wing struck a light pole about ½ mile ( 800 m ) from the end of the runway , struck other light poles , the roof of a car rental building , and then the ground .
Cecelia Cichan was located by rescue workers in her seat , several feet away from her mother ’s body along with Cecelia ’s father , and her 6 - year - old brother .
Her survival of the crash was considered unexplainable and miraculous by many , including airline crash investigators .
The National Transportation Safety Board determines that the probable cause of the accident was the flight crew ’s failure to use the taxi checklist to ensure the flaps and slats were extended for takeoff .
Cecelia is now married and earned a Psychology degree from the University of Alabama .
Although she has made no public statements , or attended annual memorial services regarding the tragic crash , she corresponds with some of the crash victims ’ loved ones .
1 Juliane Köpcke
Date of Crash : December 24 , 1971
Aircraft type : Lockheed Electra L-188A
Crash Site : Puerto Inca , Peru
Passengers & Crew : 92
Fatalities : 91
Cause of Crash : Human Error and Structural failure , possibly struck by lightning
This is really two survival stories , so I have placed it in the number one spot .
There are many more interesting details to this story , but to keep this to a list format here are the basic facts of the account .
On Christmas Eve 1971 , the Peruvian airliner had taken off from the Jorge Chavez International Airport in Lima , on a flight to Pucallpa , Peru .
About a half hour after takeoff , and at about 21,000 feet , the aircraft entered a thunderstorm and heavy turbulence and was possibly struck by lightning .
The pilots had difficulty controlling the aircraft , and it soon went into a dive .
The crew attempted to level out the plane , but the fire and turbulent forces on the wings caused the right wing and most of the left wing to separate from the aircraft .
The aircraft came crashing down in a mountainous region of the Amazon .
Miraculously , a German teenager Juliane Koepcke ( 17 ) , who was traveling with her mother , survived the crash and was still strapped in her seat .
After searching for her mother in vain , Koepcke wandered through the jungle for nine days looking for help .
On the ninth day , she found a canoe and shelter .
Hours later , local lumbermen returned and found her .
The men took her on the final seven hour journey via canoe down the river to a lumber station , where she was airlifted to a hospital .
Koepcke is now a successful biologist in Germany .
The photo above is Juliane Köpcke sitting near the recreated wreckage for a documentary called Wings of Hope .
Contributor : Blogball
“ Caller reports hitting an intruder in the head with an axe .
Notes that intruder ‘ was in the mirror . ' ”
“ A man came to the Sheriff ’s Department to ‘ find out how to legally kill ’ a person who was harassing him . ”
He did n’t want to break any laws or anything …
“ A caller reported at 7:14 pm that someone was on a porch yelling ‘ help ’ from a residence on Bank Street .
Officers responded and learned the person was calling a cat that was named ‘ Help . ' ”
What idiot names his cat ‘ Help ? ! ’
Where ’s the dog ?
Fire ?
Fire !
“ The Learning Center reports a man standing at his window for hours , making parents nervous …
Police ID the subject as a cardboard cutout of Arnold Schwarzenegger . ”
“ The ducks refused medical treatment and left the area ”
“ The man said that he was sitting home alone masturbating ( … ) when a man came down into the basement , holding a gun , and started to video tape him ”
A speedy turtle on a crime spree ?
Looking for a trespasser , police enter a building and call out , “ Marco … ” Police found the suspect when he responded , “ Polo ”
“ Dispatch , report of Swanson chicken pot-pie running east on Clay Street ”
If it ai n’t Swanson ’s chicken pot-pie , it wo n’t run
“ was observed in the middle of a roadway wearing only tennis shoes and an adult diaper ( …) Neubert was also directing traffic and performing martial arts with a stick ”
“ a second teen threw a snowball , striking the clerk in the chest ”
“ Two man came into the store , loaded birthday bags with “ Have a nice day ” yellow faces on them with 52 tubes of vaginal anti-fungal cream … ”
“ an unknown suspect threw a condom a the victim hitting him in the face ”
“ An Edgewood man reported recently that his wife had gone missing … some 18 months ago . ”
We ’d guess the dishes must have been piling up …
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
On Wednesday , Wall Street Journal opinion editors proposed a plan for a naval blockade on Iran of refined gasoline imports .
But they do n’t say where they got the idea .
The Journal :
The Administration would do better to withdraw from this international charade and consider means by which the mullahs might be persuaded that their regime ’s survival is better assured by not having nuclear weapons .
A month - long naval blockade of Iran ’s imports of refined gasoline – which accounts for nearly half of its domestic consumption – could clarify for the Iranians just how unacceptable their nuclear program is to the civilized world .
Here was Israeli newspaper Ha’aretz in January explaining the idea of thirty year Israeli intelligence veteran Shmuel Bar :
Dr. Shmuel Bar , a researcher at the Herzliya Interdisciplinary Center and one of the discussion ’s initiators , believes that the U.S. can still prevent Iran from reaching the next stage in its program of nuclear development .
In place of economic sanctions imposed by the UN , which he feels are ineffective , he proposes imposing a naval blockade on all refined petroleum products imported to Iran .
Sound familiar ?
( Bar led a closed session at the Herzliya conference in January that brought together US and Israeli intelligence analysts to discuss the December U.S. National Intelligence Estimate on Iran .
You can find more of his writings here ) .
More recently , Israeli prime minister Ehud Olmert reportedly proposed the blockade idea in a meeting with House speaker Nancy Pelosi , as noted by Judah Grunstein .
On its face while not as overtly militaristic a proposal as air strikes , which some hawks advocate , such a blockade may constitute the kind of provocation that would force international conflict just the same — which may be some of its proponents ’ intention .
( It may also constitute an act of war . )
Worth observing how the blockade idea has worked its way into Washington ’s public policy discourse , and paying attention to see if becomes a more frequent talking point in right leaning national security circles in coming months .
Girls were more likely to admit to self - harming than boys A third of UK girls aged 11 to 19 have tried to harm themselves , a survey for a mental healthcare provider suggests .
More than half of the 800 young people said they knew someone who had self - harmed - either through cutting , burning or punching themselves .
The main reason given was feeling depressed , with the results among boys being slightly lower at 22 % .
Mental health charities said the figures were " worrying " and adolescents needed better access to treatment .
The survey showed that 73 % of young people who self - harmed admitted to cutting , 48 % to punching themselves , 14 % to burning and 10 % to self - poisoning .
Of those who admitted to self - harm , 43 % said they did it because they were depressed , 17 % because they were angry , 10 % because of relationship problems and 10 % because they were stressed .
' Increasing problem ' Dr David Kingsley , consultant psychiatrist at Cheadle Royal Hospital run by Affinity Healthcare - a mental healthcare provider for the NHS who commissioned the research - said professionals felt it was an increasing problem .
" One in three girls is an extraordinary figure - I was stunned by it .
" A study recently suggested three biggest causes were family problems , problems with friends and problems at school . "
He said parents and teachers should be vigilant for young people who were withdrawn , struggling emotionally , or feeling low .
It is essential that the rising number of young people who self - harm are helped to stop before it develops into what may become a life - long illness
Majorie Wallace , Sane " We need to ask ourselves what it is about modern living that is causing such stress for our youngsters . "
He said people often kept it secret from friends and family which stopped them getting help and sometimes young people were put off because they had a negative reaction when they confided in someone .
Marjorie Wallace , chief executive of the mental health charity Sane , said the findings were very troubling .
" Evidence from our own helpline suggests there is a growing epidemic of self - harm amongst our young , who are using ever more extreme ways to find release from their mental turmoil .
" It is an addictive and desperate way of dealing with the stresses of growing up .
" It is essential that the rising number of young people who self - harm are helped to stop before it develops into what may become a life - long illness . "
She said any child suspected of self - harming needs to be identified early and treatment and counselling made available immediately .
Sarah Brennan , acting chief executive of Young Minds , said : " Parents often feel disempowered when they discover their child is self harming .
" Raising awareness to parents and those working in young people services will ensure parents have someone informed to turn to should their child be self harming . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
The Collapse of Managed Markets Stocks Rally As Collapse Nears By Darryl Robert Schoon
Dec 4 2007 11:06 AM www.drschoon.com
The stock market surged upwards upon hearing the US Federal Reserve may cut interest rates to save the economy .
This is tantamount to heroin addicts rejoicing their morphine will be increased because doctors are concerned about their rapidly failing health .
Recently , Bloomberg News noted : U.S. Stocks Rally for Second Day ; Citigroup , Google Shares Gain By Elizabeth Stanton Nov. 28 ( Bloomberg ) -- U.S. stocks staged the biggest two - day rally in four years , led by financial shares , after Federal Reserve Vice Chairman Donald Kohn reinforced expectations for another interest rate cut .
The record 331 point gain in the Dow reinforced the fact that the fundamental driver of today ’s markets is not productivity , profitability , or growth but rather the availability of cheap credit .
Prices depend on buyers and when buyers depend on credit and credit becomes dear , prices collapse .
page 3 , How To Survive The Crisis And Prosper In The Process Since August , central banks have been pouring credit into financial markets in Asia , Europe and the US in the hopes of containing a credit contraction that is threatening the stability of capital flows and global finance .
It is not working .
The current credit contraction is the beginning of the end of credit - based capital markets as we know them .
ALL MANAGED MARKETS COLLAPSE
COMMUNIST MARKETS COLLAPSE SOONER
CAPITALIST MARKETS COLLAPSE LATER
In August as credit markets were beginning to fail , I spoke at Professor Antal E.Fekete ’s Gold Standard University Live ( http://www.professorfekete.com/gsul.asp) in Szombathely , Hungary .
In my speech ( available at http://www.drschoon.com/media.asp), I pointed out that capitalist and communist markets are not free markets — both are managed and both are destined to collapse .
Communist and capitalist markets , while fundamentally different , are both managed markets — though for different ends and in very different ways .
Communist markets are managed by governments setting production goals and price controls .
Capital markets are managed by central banks issuing credit in the form of debt , thereby indebting producers , savers , and governments with unsustainable levels of debt — which is where we are today .
WHAT WE DON’T KNOW ABOUT HISTORY EXPLAINS IT Capitalism , sic credit - based economies , first appeared in England in 1694 when King William III chartered the Bank of England , the world ’s first central bank .
The legal issuance of credit - based money by private bankers via a central bank enabled England to dominate global commerce and world power for the next 200 years .
But by 1900 , even the spoils of imperialism could no longer pay for England ’s mounting debts and expenditures .
In the 1870s , increasing military costs combined with a negative balance of trade began to drain England ’s treasury of its gold and England ’s reign as a world power was over .
England was then succeeded by the United States whose economy , at the time , was savings - based , not debt - based .
However , in 1913 , this changed .
In 1913 , private bankers accomplished in the US what they had previously achieved in England — the creation of debt - based money by a central bank and the implementation of a national income tax now necessary to pay for America ’s increasing debts .
Mike Hewitt ’s revealing article on this subject , America ’s Forgotten War Against Central Banks , is a must - read and is available at http://www.dollardaze.org/blog/?post_id=00255.
Also on this subject , movie producer Aaron Russo ( Trading Places , The Rose , etc ) made a stunning documentary , America : Freedom to Fascism which can be viewed at http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=-1656880303867390173.
Russo ’s film is as chilling it is disturbing ; and just as Hewitt ’s article is a must - read , Russo ’s documentary is a must - see .
HOW HIGH DOES A BALLOON RISE WITH A HOLE IN IT ?
W. Edwards Deming
The cheap credit made available by the Federal Reserve was to soon ignite the largest speculative bubble in history , a bubble so large its collapse was to bring down the entire global economy ; something that had never happened before in the history of the world — for the Great Depression of the 1930s was caused by the collapse of the 1920s US stock market bubble fueled and inflamed by cheap credit provided by the US Federal Reserve Bank beginning 20 years before in 1913 .
Today , in 2007 we are in a similar situation .
The cheap credit policies of the Fed under Chairman Alan Greenspan in the 1990s created the spectacular rise and collapse of the US dot.com bubble in 2000 and the subsequent rise of the US 2002 - 2005 real estate bubble — a bubble which is now collapsing and destroying investor confidence in debt - based capital markets all over the world .
This collapse of capital markets is soon going to become far worse as defaulting subprime CDOs are joined by defaulting corporate debt .
The Next Dominos : Junk Bond And Counterparty Risk by Ted Seides from www.peterlbernsteininc.com available at http://www.investorsinsight.com/otb_va_print.aspx?EditionID=619 is an insightful and excellent read on newly emerging risks as enormous and once safe capital markets implode .
This extraordinary collapse of capital markets presages perhaps another global great depression .
GOLD & THE COLLAPSE OF MARKETS
The role of gold in the collapse of credit markets is clear .
The unraveling of today ’s credit markets is due to the erosion of investor confidence in debt - backed assets .
Falling confidence in debt will give way to chaos in the markets ; and gold in its role as a safe - store of value has been the ultimate hedge against monetary chaos in any form at all times .
The growth of debt since 1913 when central banking was established in the US has exceeded belief .
Global debt markets , i.e. treasuries , asset - backed securities , munis , etc. and its derivatives are far larger than today ’s equity markets .
This is because the end result of a central bank debt - based system of money is debt , more debt , and even more debt .
As credit markets collapse , wealth previously invested in interest - bearing debt will seek liquidity and safety no longer to be found in debt instruments dependent on constant economic expansion for repayment .
It is here John Exter ’s inverted pyramid models our expected future .
According to John Exter , the former central banker who passed away last year at 95 , gold will be the ultimate destination for wealth and savings when the economy implodes .
CAPITALISM DISTORTS COMMERCE
Now , almost 100 years after the US adopted England ’s debt - based money system , we are learning the expensive lesson that capitalism ’s cheap credit comes at a far higher cost than expected .
In the end — an end that is rapidly approaching — cheap credit undermines market stability giving rise to speculative excesses that destroys the balance between producers and consumers and savers and borrowers , a balance that exists naturally in free and open markets .
The collapse of communism ’s managed markets happened in the 1980s .
Twenty - five years later , capitalism ’s managed markets are now also collapsing .
The collapse of capital markets is going to be difficult and painful and will bring hardship and heartache in its wake .
But have faith , for the reappearance of free markets may follow — and with them , the return of gold and silver currencies .
Darryl Robert Schoon
www.survivethecrisis.com
www.drschoon.com ****
My writings deal with this challenge and our response to what is to come .
$ 7 - a - Gallon Gas Coming Soon ?
A new gas forecast comes on the same day that the Dow plummets , oil surges .
June 26 , 2008  --
Stocks plummeted today as oil hit a new record and signs of trouble from the financial , automotive and high - tech industries soured the mood on Wall Street .
The Dow Jones Industrial Average lost more than 350 points , falling to its lowest level since September 2006 .
It closed at 11,453.42 , a loss of more than 3 percent .
The Nasdaq and S&P 500 also had bad days : the Nasdaq closed down 3.3 percent -- nearly 80 points -- at 2,321.37 while the S&P 500 closed down 2.9 percent at 1,283.15 after a loss of nearly 39 points .
Click Here to See How Your Stocks Did Today
Among the factors driving the drop :
After investment bank Goldman Sachs downgraded General Motors to a " sell " rating , the share price for the struggling automaker — and Dow component — plummeted to its lowest level since 1955 .
Major GM suppliers also saw their shares plunge .
Goldman Sachs also urged investors to lower their expectations of the financial sector , cutting Citigroup to a " sell " rating .
The bank saw its shares drop more than a dollar by the late afternoon .
Blackberry - maker Research
In Motion issued first quarter earnings results and a second - quarter outlook that missed analyst 's expectations .
Meanwhile , Oracle , another major player in the tech sector , posted a strong showing in its fourth - quarter results but released a disappointing first - quarter outlook .
Oil prices surged into record territory today , boosted by a report predicting that gas prices will hit $ 7 a gallon in the United States within two years .
The market did n't like the news .
After an intra-day high of $ 140 , oil closed at $ 139.65 a barrel .
The new price represents a more - than - $ 5 spike from yesterday 's close and was caused in part by statements by OPEC 's president that a barrel of oil could soon be trading for more than $ 150 and reports that Libya is weighing cutting its oil production .
Investors also grew wary that the Federal Reserve would not raise interest rates until late this year , leaving little hope that the dollar with strengthen .
Oil is traded in dollars and part of the run-up in oil prices has been attributed to the weak dollar .
$ 7 a Gallon Gas ?
But today 's oil price surge may pale in comparison to what some economists are predicting will happen in the near future .
American motorists may soon find more pain at the pump thanks to a $ 3 spike in gas prices by 2010 , according to a new report by economists at CIBC World Markets .
Economists at the investment bank predict that motorists will see the price of gas rise to $ 7 per gallon within two years , a 75 percent increase .
CIBC Chief Economist Jeff Rubin contrasted the expected price surge with those that occurred during the 1970s and 1980s OPEC oil shocks .
" Back in ' 73 and ' 79 [ to ] ' 81 , somebody turned off the spigot , " Rubin told ABC News .
Today , he said , " the spigot is wide open — the problem is not enough is running through it relative to world demand . "
The CIBC report said that Saudi Arabia 's pledged 200,000 barrels per day oil production increase and China 's reduction of subsidies for domestic fuel prices will not do enough to hold oil prices in check .
The " basic laws of supply and demand " are " no longer operative in crude oil markets , " the report said .
The run-up in prices will cause a dramatic change in American driving behavior , the report said .
Rubin and co-author Benjamin Tal predicted that by 2012 , there would be roughly 10 million fewer cars on U.S. roads than there are today .
Roughly half of those giving up their cars will be low - income Americans — specifically , those earning less than $ 25,000 a year , according to the report — who wo n't be able to afford to continue paying for gas but do have access to public transportation .
" This is going to cost money , " Rubin said .
" The idea of commuting 30 , 40 miles a day to work is going to be untenable for most people when gasoline costs $ 7 a gallon . "
The Associated Press and ABC News ' Scott Mayerowitz contributed to this report .
AFP
Less than six weeks Bayern Munich won last season 's delayed final behind closed doors , the draw for the group stage of the next Champions League takes place on Thursday with the threat of the coronavirus pandemic again hanging over the competition .
Flat screen
" There 's nothing we can't handle " he says .
“ LCD screens , DVDs anything . ”
He came to the capital three years ago from rural Abia state after finishing secondary school .
He has never studied any technical or science subjects .
Was Judgment Day at hand ?
At noon , it was black as night , there was lunch by candle light , the night birds came out to sing while flowers folded their petals and the animals behaved strangely .
They called it ' New England 's Dark Day ' and it's been a mystery for almost 230 years .
The mystery has been solved , according to researchers at the University of Missouri , who say evidence from tree rings reveals massive wildfires as the likely cause , one of several theories proposed after the event but previously dismissed as ' simple and absurd . '
Limited ability for long - distance communication prevented colonists from knowing the cause of the darkness .
It was dark in Maine and along the southern coast of New England with the greatest intensity occurring in northeast Massachusetts , southern New Hampshire and southwest Maine .
In the midst of the Revolutionary War , Gen. George Washington noted the dark day in his diary while he was in New Jersey .
" The patterns in tree rings tell a story , " said Erin McMurry , research assistant in the MU College of Agriculture , Food and Natural Resources Tree Ring Laboratory .
" We think of tree rings as ecological artifacts .
We know how to date the rings and create a chronology , so we can tell when there has been a fire or a drought occurred and unlock the history the tree has been holding for years . "
Nearly 230 years later , MU researchers combined written accounts and fire scar evidence to determine that the dark day was caused by massive wildfires burning in Canada .
" A fire comes along and heat goes through the bark , killing the living tissue .
A couple of years later , the bark falls off revealing the wood and an injury to the tree .
When looking at the rings , you see charcoal formation on the outside and a resin formation on the top that creates a dark spot , " said Richard Guyette , director of the Tree Ring Lab and research associate professor of forestry in the MU School of Natural Resources .
The researchers studied tree rings from the Algonquin Highlands of southern Ontario and many other locations .
They found that a major fire had burned in 1780 affecting atmospheric conditions hundred of miles away .
Large smoke columns were created and carried into the upper atmosphere .
" This study was a unique opportunity to take historical accounts and combine them with modern technology and the physical historical evidence from the tree rings and solve a mystery with science , " McMurry said .
Article : " Fire Scars Reveal Source of New England 's 1780 Dark Day " , International Journal of Wildland Fire .
Given a natural number d , is there a right triangle with rational sides and area d ?
Noted number theorist Karl Rubin of the University of California , Irvine addressed this question in last month 's Distinguished Lecture at the MAA 's Carriage House Conference Center in Washington , D.C.
He showed how studying a seemingly simple query about right triangles gives rise to intriguing puzzles and deep results in number theory , with links to elliptic curves and the famous Birch and Swinnerton - Dyer conjecture .
The son of mathematician and physicist Robert Rubin and astronomer Vera C. Rubin , Karl Rubin grew up in Washington , D.C.
He received his bachelor 's in mathematics from Princeton University and his doctorate from Harvard University in 1981 .
He worked at Princeton , Ohio State University , and Stanford before moving to Irvine .
In 1992 , he received the prestigious Cole Prize in Number Theory , awarded by the American Mathematical Society .
Rubin is best known for his work in number theory on elliptic curves , certain cubic equations that played a major role in the proof by Andrew Wiles of Fermat 's last theorem .
Studying elliptic curves can lead to insights into many parts of number theory , including finding rational right triangles with whole - number areas .
Suppose , for example , that the given area is 6 .
A right triangle with sides 3 , 4 , and 5 is one example that has the requisite area .
For area 5 , a right triangle with sides 3/2 , 20/3 , and 41/6 would work .
The Pythagorean theorem states that a triangle with sides a < b < c is a right triangle if and only if a 2 + b2 = c 2 .
This triangle has area d = ab / 2 .
Hence , we can restate the original question in the following form :
Are there rational numbers a , b , c > 0 such that a2 + b2 = c2 and ab = 2d ?
If the answer is " yes " , number theorists call d a congruent number ( not to be confused with congruence modulo an integer ) .
So , the original question amounts to a search for what are , in this context , congruent numbers .
Over the years , mathematicians have devised several ways to approach the problem , showing the existence of triangles with rational sides for areas 5 , 6 , 7 , 41 , and other values .
However , even when we know that a rational right triangle of a certain area should exist , finding it can be difficult .
For example , the simplest rational right triangle with area 1063 has shortest side a where the numerator of a has 104 digits and the denominator has 103 digits .
To find and explore such relationships , we can translate the problem of finding rational right triangles with a given area into a question about rational solutions of specific elliptic curves .
Audio
For example , the ( 3 , 4 , 5 ) triangle with area 6 gives the solution ( –3 , 9 ) of the elliptic curve y2 = x3 – 36 x .
Moreover , if an elliptic curve has one rational point , it has infinitely many rational points .
So , there are infinitely many rational right triangles with area 6 .
Intriguingly , when we list in order the shortest side of rational right triangles with area 6 , the table has a distinctly parabolic form .
The shortest side of some right triangles with area 6 .
Describing the insights that could be gleaned from an elliptic - curve perspective , Rubin delved into various problems and mysteries involving congruent numbers ; for example , finding ways to decide whether a given elliptic curve has infinitely many rational points .
His discussion led to the Birch and Swinnerton - Dyer conjecture , which posits that an elliptic curve has infinitely many rational points if a certain function has the value 0 .
The Clay Mathematics Institute has offered a prize of $ 1 million for a proof of the conjecture .
Rubin closed by describing some open questions , noting that much remains to be done in the realm of right triangles and elliptic curves .
Audio
An earlier version of Rubin ’s talk on right triangles and elliptic curves can be found in Mathematical Adventures for Students and Amateurs , published by the MAA .
Listen to Karl Rubin 's lecture ( mp3 )
This MAA Distinguished Lecture was funded by the National Security Agency .
No one knows better than Big Ass Piñatas that there 's no better whackable receptacle for your Smarties and Tootsie Rolls than ... a big ass piñata .
Accept no imitations : only Big Ass Piñatas can provide you with an original , handmade , Family Guy - inspired butt - shaped pinata " !!!!
MEASURING AN INCREDIBLE 3 AND HALF FEET TALL !!!! "
Do n't you want to capture that kind of insanely exclamatory excitement for your party ?
Then stop everything you 're doing right now and get one for just $ 49.99 ( plus $ 9.99 for shipping and handling ) .
[ via swissmiss ]
Related
Learn Secret Product Codes , Avoid Stale Candy
All products linked here have been independently selected by our editors .
We may earn a commission on purchases , as described in our affiliate policy .
Basile Audoly and Sebastien Neukirch at the Université Pierre et Marie Curie in Paris , France have written a wonderful little paper on the fracture mechanics of thin rods .
It ’s beautiful science – we ’ve all seen that spaghetti will break into multiple pieces when you bend it enough , and tends to not break nicely in half like you ’d expect .
What most of us then do n’t do is wonder precisely why this happens – and it turns out that if delve a bit deeper , we gain some very interesting insights .
First let ’s go over simple fracture that we ’re all familar with .
A rod is bent more and more , and soon the curvature becomes too much .
The rod then breaks along a weak point , the free end falls off , and the fixed end returns to where it was before .
This is what we typically expect .
The critical thing to realize here is the curvature of the rod around the time of break .
Immediately before the break , it has a defined , positive curvature .
After the beam breaks , the end is free , and structural mechanics tells us that a free end must have zero curvature .
We can then deduce that there ’s a small period of time where the end of the rod must transition from some defined curvature to zero curvature .
The clever thing that Audoly and Neukirch did was ignore the first break in the spaghetti .
Basically , they decided to model spaghetti not from the first break , but from the instant that break happens , and see how the spaghetti then behaves .
How can you do this ?
Well , you can bend the spaghetti very close to the point where it would break , hold it there ( with curvature defined at the end ) and then let it go ( where curvature must then become zero , like the above example ) .
From the paper , “ the release of a rod mimics the initial breaking event “ .
Well , this all seems very well and good in theory , but what actually happens ?
Well , it turns out that if you bend spaghetti to a point where it does n’t break , then let it go , it breaks into a bunch of pieces !
This seems totally counterintuitive – if we did n’t curve it enough initially to break it , how can the curvature increase afterwards enough to cause it to break into multiple pieces ?
It turns out that the transition from a certain defined curvature to zero curvature causes “ waves ” of curvature to ring through the spaghetti like waves in a waterbed when you sit on it .
This does n’t typically happen in large beams like we ’re familiar with , only thin brittle rods like spaghetti .
One would assume that it would be impossible for these curvature waves to have any value beyond the initial curvature – however , this is not the case !
This is the critical finding .
We can see the numerical analysis above – demonstrating that for the case of initial semicircular curvature , the peak curvature wave amplitude generated is 1.428 times as great as the initial curvature .
As the spaghetti breaks along a weak point , it send out these waves of higher curvature – which then cause the spaghetti to break along another weak point , and the cycle continues .
This breaking process is eventually slowed ( or else we ’d end up with spaghetti dust ) by forces which reduce these waves over time such as energy dissipation in transverse cracks and viscoelastic effects .
So there you have it !
Every time you make dinner , you can witness a highly nonintuitive example of structural dynamics .
You can see some movies the authors have made here .
President Sarkozy rekindled the eternal flame for Holocaust victims French President Nicolas Sarkozy has called for an end to Jewish settlement construction on Palestinian land , in an address to Israeli MPs .
He told the Israeli Knesset that without this there would be no lasting peace in the Middle East .
On the first French state visit to Israel in 12 years , he said a peace agreement would allow the two peoples to live in peace and security .
Mr Sarkozy also told MPs that France would not accept a nuclear - armed Iran .
Earlier on Monday the French president and his wife Carla Bruni-Sarkozy visited the Yad Vashem Holocaust memorial , where he rekindled the eternal flame .
Mr Sarkozy has met Israeli leaders and will go on to hold talks with top Palestinians .
Dual capital " There can be no peace without stopping settlement , " Mr Sarkozy told members of the Knesset .
He encouraged Israel to support a proposal , " backed by many members of your Knesset " , for the adoption of a law that would encourage settlers to leave the West Bank in exchange for compensation and relocation in Israel .
Israel is pushing ahead with plans to build hundreds more homes in the occupied West Bank , infuriating Palestinians and drawing international criticism .
The French president also called on Israel to ease restrictions on Palestinians ' movement within the West Bank .
But he acknowledged that " the Israeli people have the right to live in security " , and declared : " There can be no peace if Palestinians themselves do not combat terrorism . "
And , addressing one of the most contentious issues in the conflict , he said a lasting peace settlement had to recognise Jerusalem as the capital of both Israel and Palestine .
' Friend of Israel ' Correspondents say the French president 's admiration for Israel is in contrast to his predecessor , Jacques Chirac , who was widely seen as pro-Arab .
Mr Sarkozy was greeted on his arrival at Ben Gurion airport near Tel Aviv on Sunday by Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert and Israeli President Shimon Peres .
Speaking at the airport , Mr Sarkozy said : " I have always been and will always be a friend of Israel ...
" An agreement is possible , tomorrow , and that agreement would allow the two peoples to live side - by - side in peace and security . "
" I am more convinced than ever that the security of Israel will only be truly guaranteed with the birth of a second state , a Palestinian state . "
From the airport , France 's first couple headed to Jerusalem for talks with Mr Peres , followed by dinner with Mr Olmert .
After addressing the Knesset , Mr Sarkozy plans to travel to the West Bank town of Bethlehem for talks with Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas on Tuesday .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
You already know about Firefox 3's marquee new features , but now it 's time to dig deep and unearth the shortcuts , tweaks , and even Easter eggs that Mozilla marketing does n't mention .
In honor of today 's official release of Firefox 3 — at 10 AM Pacific Time — let 's dive in past Firefox 3's most talked - about feature - set into its lesser - known power uses , tricks , and customizations .
Advertisement
Top 10 Firefox 3 Features
The newest version of our favorite open source web browser , Mozilla Firefox 3 , offers dozens of … Read more
Shrink the Super- sized Back Button
Advertisement
The very first thing you notice in Firefox 3 is its extra large Back button .
While it 's actually quite handy — less chance of missing your target !— if the Back button 's just too big for your tastes , it 's as easy as pie to reduce .
Just right - click on Firefox 's toolbar , and choose Customize .
In the dialog box , select " Use small icons . "
Shrink Firefox 3's Supersized Back Button Most Firefox 3 testers agree that the preview release of the new browser promises faster and …
Read more
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Adjust the Smart Location Bar's Number of Suggestions
Advertisement
The Firefox 3 feature that you 'll get to know and love the most is the new smart location bar 's as - you - type suggestions that learn where you probably want to go as you browse .
But if you 're feeling like the number of suggestions is too high or too low ?
Adjust it to your liking in Firefox 's configuration area .
Here 's how .
Enter about : config into the address bar and hit Enter .
Press the " I 'll be carefull .
I promise ! " button .
( Because you will be . )
Enter browser.urlbar.maxRichResults in the Filter field to reach this preference .
Set it to your desired number of suggestions .
Three shown here .
Here 's another way to adjust the location bar behavior with an about : config tweak .
Advertisement
Delete Mistyped URL Suggestions and Other Auto - complete Entries
Advertisement
While the Smart Location bar is quite intelligent , if you enter an incorrect URL — say , to a page that does n't exist , or a parked domain — Firefox 3 will still remember it and suggest it again later .
( Garbage in , garbage out , as they say . )
To remove a mistyped URL from your suggestion list forever , key down to the suggestion and type Shift + Delete on the Mac , and just Delete on Windows .
This trick also works for any form auto - complete entry , like if you mistype a username into a login form .
Advertisement
Ditch Obselete Extensions
Firefox 's philosophy seems to be " stay lean and mean and leave the extras to add - ons . "
Nevertheless , Firefox 3 does bake in some functionality that makes some extensions you might love unnecessary .
Here are five extensions you wo n't need with Firefox 3 .
Advertisement
Revert the " AwesomeBar " with Oldbar
Advertisement
Firefox 's smart location bar ( a.k.a. " AwesomeBar " ) — which drops down a suggestion list of destinations as you type into it — is extra verbose and extra-tall , since it includes both web site titles and URLs .
If you 're missing Firefox 2's classic one - line drop - down look , the Oldbar extension can revert the " AwesomeBar " to something less awesome — or at least something that looks less awesome .
Trick Out Your Smart Bookmarks
Advertisement
Like iTunes Smart Playlists and saved search folders in OS X and Vista , Firefox 3's Smart Bookmarks are dynamic lists of URLs generated by certain search criteria .
Here 's how to create your own collections of Smart Bookmarks using search parameters .
Hint :
Add the most frequent pages you visit on Lifehacker.com by bookmarking place:queryType=0&sort=8&maxResults=5&domain=lifehacker.com .
Advertisement
Set Gmail as Your Default Email client — Without an Add -on
Advertisement
Firefox 3's filetype handling mechanism can now associate web applications as well as desktop applications with certain files .
This opens the door to possibilities like automatically launching links to ical files in your web - based calendar app , or opening your webmail when you click on email links .
While most webapps have to catch up to Firefox 3 to enable this functionality , one we already know and love is already there .
Here 's how to launch Gmail when you click mailto : links on web pages .
Advertisement
Say Hello to the Firefox Robots
Advertisement
You already know about the age - old Firefox about : mozilla Easter egg .
Well , Firefox 3 has a new Easter egg that pays homage to its robot mascot .
Type about : robots into the Firefox 3 address bar to get a fun page with a list of robot pop culture references , from I , Robot to Blade Runner to Battlestar Galactica to Futurama .
Firefox 3 Beta 5 Easter Egg Intrepid testers using Firefox 3 beta 5 : type about : robots into the address bar to get a fun page …
Read more
Advertisement
Enable Spellchecking in One-line Input Fields
Advertisement
This tweak goes back to Firefox 2 , but is still just as useful and functional in Firefox 3 , especially if you 're a web writer .
In about : config , set layout.spellcheckDefault value equal to 2 to enable spell - checking in single line input fields as well as textareas .
( Less typos in your email subject lines and blog post titles ! )
Here are a few more Firefox about : config tweaks .
Advertisement
Mac Users : Add Favicons to Your Bookmark Toolbar
Advertisement
Mac users who are rockin' Firefox 3's new slick Mac - like theme — but who miss their bookmarks ' favicons — can easily add web site icons to their toolbar with a little tweak .
Add Favicons to the Bookmark Toolbar Mac users rockin' Firefox 3 who like to see web site icons on their bookmark toolbar already know …
Read more
Advertisement
For a bird 's - eye view of Firefox 's evolution over the last four years , see the history of Firefox 1.0 to 3.0 in screenshots .
Then , see how Firefox 3 stacks up in performance tests in comparison to Safari , Opera , and Internet Explorer .
Advertisement
How are you tweaking Firefox 3 today when you install it ?
Give it up in the comments .
Gina Trapani , the editor of Lifehacker , looks forward to allocating memory to applications other than Firefox with version 3.0 .
Her weekly feature , Geek to Live , appears every Monday on Lifehacker — except today , Tuesday .
Subscribe to the Geek to Live feed to get new installments in your newsreader .
Since the birth of the Soviet Union ’s Salyut and Mir space stations , the United States began developing a counterpart space station .
However , it was cancelled due to the end of the Soviet Union and the beginning of the Cold War .
After the space race , the U.S. began negotiating with international partners from Europe , Russia , Japan , and Canada in the 1990 ’s to develop a huge international space station .
As the project continued till now , 16 nations , Canada , Japan , Russia , 11 countries from the European Space Agency , and Brazil , began contributing technological and scientific resources .
The International Space Station ( ISS ) is a research facility where it gives scientists the opportunity to experiment using zero gravity .
The size of the ISS is equivalent to a football field and therefore , is currently being assembled in orbit .
The ISS is split into many different parts where different research modules are owned by different countries .
For example , Japan owns the Kibo Japanese Experiment Module but American or Russian space shuttles will transport it to the space station .
Currently , the ISS is 70 % complete and an estimated time for ISS´s finished construction is in 2010 .
The U.S. again estimates that the ISS will be used till 2017 .
Till then , many people contributing to the program believes it is a research benefit to the developing space exploration program .
The ISS uses the sun to power electricity with its numerous solar panels .
The solar panels are programmed to adjust its angle towards the sun ’s rays to maximize its power supply .
However , some countries such as Russia , needs to depend on American solar panels for energy .
The Environmental Control and Life Support System aboard the ISS provides and controls the atmospheric pressure , oxygen , water , and among others .
It can store water and waste used by the resident crew and can even recycle urine and water used by the showers .
This system is used to achieve more time a crew will be able to operate since waste is a big problem in long - termed orbits .
However , this system can also remove human sweat from the air which will prevent it from neutralizing or disturbing technological equipment .
Another important system in the ISS is the altitude control .
As many people know , we still have gravitational pull outside our atmosphere and it is how space stations can become orbited .
When a satellite is launched into orbit , gravity slowly pulls it closer to the Earth ’s atmosphere and as a result , the satellite burns in the atmosphere .
Its remains will be scattered somewhere in the oceans since engineers calculate the designated re-entry area .
Contrasting from ordinary satellites , the ISS will have an altitude control where it is thrust several kilometers higher .
This process must be done several times each year since the ISS is very close to the atmosphere ( ISS can be visible with the naked eye ) which results in a stronger gravitational pull .
Every month , the ISS is pulled 2.5 kilometers .
The purpose of the construction of the International Space Station is to research many different things that cannot be done without the support of zero-gravity .
One of the things that scientists want to research aboard the ISS is to invent a new combustion form .
They believe that combustion is a major part in human ’s way of life but it increases pollution and global warming .
Because of their observations of combustion in daily life , they want to try and develop a new form of combustion in zero - gravity .
Another very unique research the scientists want to perform is the development of protein crystals .
According to astronaut Dan Bursch , “ The National Institute of Health has said that protein crystal growth is the number one research tool that we ’ll be using in the next century … ”
These protein crystals are imperfect during its creation in a gravity environment .
However , in zero - gravity , the protein crystals have a perfect form and content .
These crystals can be useful in food and medicine .
Although the ISS is not fully constructed , it is still habitable .
Dennis Tito , an American billionaire , paid 20 million dollars for a trip to the ISS and became the first space tourist ever .
As shown in the example , the ISS is a very expensive tourist site where beforehand , must pass G - force tests and must be able to perform various tests in order to support the launch and 0 - gravity .
Many people believe that “ floating in space ” is very cool and want to try it .
I , personally , would n’t go to space even if I had the chance .
Zero-gravity is equivalent to the highest freefall rollercoaster in the world and the feeling you acquire from it , multiply it by four .
When in orbit , you are basically “ falling ” to Earth because of the fact that gravity is pulling you except in a long distance .
For example , when you jump inside our atmosphere , we fall very quickly since the Earth is really close to us .
However , in orbit , gravity is pulling you with less force therefore , you fall very slowly .
As you are falling , you will feel the same feeling as if you jumped from the highest building in the world and had that feeling for your duration of the trip .
Because of this problem , space tourists such as Dennis Tito , must be able to cope with the feeling and must take tests if he is able to resist zero - gravity in space .
The ISS project will cost about 157 billion dollars .
However , many different space agencies and organizations will all contribute money in order to receive the 157 billion .
NASA will contribute 100 billion dollars since they will construct most of the key components of the station .
Also , the space shuttle launches to transport components of the station will be paid by NASA .
The European Space Agency ( ESA ) will contribute 9 billion euros since they are in charge of the Columbus Control Center and the Ariane 5 launches .
The Japanese Aerospace Exploration Agency ( JAXA ) will contribute over 10 billion dollars to ISS program .
Their main contribution is the Japanese Experiment Module which will cost them about 2.8 billion dollars .
The Russian Space Agency has contributed many different key components of the space station , however , since the exchange rate of the ruble and US dollars are not accurate , people currently does not know how much Russia is contributing in dollars .
Canada is contributing 1.4 billion dollars to the program and is currently developing the Special Purpose Dexterous Manipulator , a very unique and important component of the ISS .
All of these nations are contributing billions of dollars for the development of the International Space Station .
As you can see , lots of NASA´s funds are going into the ISS program .
However , many people criticize that the money used towards the ISS program could be used for robotic space exploration .
Others argue that the program produces very little research that does not help space exploration .
Many others argue about the excess use of maintenance and risky space shuttle docking procedures where more than once , docking problems occurred that could have caused the destruction of the ISS .
Others with their opinions against the ISS have not been revealed however , the final performance from the ISS will determine the amount of benefit from NASA ´s spent money .
Because of the ISS´s size and reflections from the gigantic numerous solar panels , a human ’s naked eye will be able to see the ISS .
NASA provides the public with a schedule where it tracks the ISS´s location .
http://spaceflight.nasa.gov/realdata/sightings/index.html
( For Costa Rican residents , every Tuesday at 3:50 AM [ unfortunately ] , the ISS will approach from the north )
The ISS is a currently under construction space station that will be achieved with the cooperation from 16 different nations , each contributing money and technological resources .
Since a large amount of money is taken out from NASA´s funds , many people argue over the excess use of money towards a single project .
However , if NASA wants to prove that their decision to participate in the ISS program was beneficial , the completion of the ISS and further research benefits will altogether prove its effectiveness .
Information from www.wikipedia.org and http://spaceflight.nasa.gov/station/benefits/index.html
Construction of International Space Station
1 . Where do you prefer spending your money ?
A small business 24 %
The mall 4 % A big - box store 4 % Wherever is cheapest 69 % total responses to this question : 24476
Related : Get more Quick Vote results
QR Code Link to This Post
Please be patient with me .
I knew there were plenty of men out there needing assfucking , but I had no idea that there was such a dirth of female assfuckers like myself .
As such the response has been delightfully voluminous — much like the monsterous cumloads you all claim to deliver .
I am afraid that I ca n’t respond to each of you personally , nor can I fuck you all .
There is n’t enough Crisco in all of Central Texas to make that happen .
I have a life to lead , assfucking is intensely personal and thus takes time , and furthermore I like to be quite sanitary with the whole process ; this also takes time .
So I plan to follow up with only a handful of you .
I do want to address some of your questions and discuss some of my concerns though .
If you are planning to reply to my post , or already have and have not been notified that you are a winner , this may provide you with some guidance as well .
1 ) I am a real female .
I understand why many of you are doubtful .
It seems that many gay men respond to m4w posts .
As an avid fag hag , I apologize on behalf of the gay community .
As a feminist , I do not feel too sorry for you .
Though objectification on any level is to be abhorred , when a man lusts after you and you find you cannot control this , you have simply been put in the place that women can rarely escape from .
Anyhow , I am a girl .
2 ) First - timers : Congratulations on choosing adventure .
Some of you sound so sweet and I may be contacting you , but beware — penetration ( in any form ) is not something to rush into .
It will be many weeks into the future before I assfuck you .
Though you may have rammed your reportedly “ huge ” and “ cut ” cock into your prom date ’s previously unpenetrated pussy after a few brief minutes of fingering , I do not plan to do the same to you .
Most any woman will tell you that it hurt to lose her virginity , but if we would all start doing this right , that would not be the case .
Here ’s the plan , ass virgins :
If you have not done so yet , start playing with your own asshole .
External , then internally .
Make sure to use plenty of thick lubricant .
Take your time and do n’t do anything that hurts .
It will stretch eventually .
When you can get two of your own fingers in there , we are ready to play together .
I will be using a variety of smaller toys before we venture into assfucking with a strap - on .
I simply will not cause you any pain .
( Should you find yourself in the position to devirginize someone ’s orifice , vaginal or anal , please follow this or a similar plan .
) 3 )
Queer tendencies :
This is delicate , but I got the feeling that a few of you were trying to run from something .
To be clear , anal stimulation is not a queer act .
Our society frequently associates the two , but in truth many straight couples engage in ass play and there are many gay couples that do not .
So as most of my responders seem to know , ass play does n’t make you gay .
But if you have been thinking about having a man fuck you in the ass , then having little ole me do it , probably wo n’t satisfy you .
So before you become entangled with me , you must decide if you are interested in men , or having a short girl with a tall strap on fuck you .
4 ) Penis pictures and descriptions :
Why ?
Your penis is of no concern to me in this endeavor .
Face pix are nice because I have some idea who I am talking to , but I am not about to be impressed by your 8 inch cock , your hook - shaped cock , your cut cock , or what I can only hope was a semi- flaccid cock dangling out of your pants .
Its not out of the question , but I mentioned nothing about you fucking me , so let ’s let your phallus be a surprise .
5 ) Submissives looking for a Dom : I should probably tell you why I like assfucking men .
It ’s the equality of the whole thing .
I get to be the subject and you are the object .
What men do to me , I get to do back for a change .
I think it ’s a terrific learning experience for all involved , not to mention a great time .
I think it ’s a shame that so many men ignore this important erogenous zone .
I am not , however , on a control trip .
I like for all of my endeavors to be based on partnership .
I think you will find that I will fuck you with more care than you have ever fucked a woman with ( though perhaps you are all wonderfully caring lovers yourself ) .
I will fuck you nice and easy , and if I speed up its only for the sake of friction , and not to make you feel like my bitch .
So if you are looking for someone to make you feel like you did when mama spanked you , do n’t look here .
6 ) Use some caution boys !
Many of you have sent me work emails , your unblurred face , last names , and phone numbers .
Do n’t you want to make sure I ’m not crazy first ?
I mean …I ’m going to sign this Annie , but that ’s not my real name .
Annie
A Canadian court has lifted a 12 - year - old girl 's grounding , overturning her father 's punishment for disobeying his orders to stay off the internet , his lawyer said .
The girl had taken her father to Quebec Superior Court after he refused to allow her to go on a school trip for chatting on websites he tried to block , and then posting " inappropriate " pictures of herself online using a friend 's computer .
The father 's lawyer Kim Beaudoin said the disciplinary measures were for the girl 's " own protection " and is appealing the ruling .
Stone Soup Tiles
Downloads
You can download the latest version of Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup with tile support from the Stone Soup Source Forge page .
Take a look at init. txt before you start .
Under the tile options section , there are a few suggested options that you may want to enable , namely show_beam=true and classic_item_colours=true .
Like previous tile versions , you can hit ' -' ( hyphen ) to go to the doll editing screen where you can customize what your player looks like if you do n't like the defaults of displaying what the character has equipped .
The numpad can be used , but numlock should not be on .
You can resize the screen in - game by hitting CTRL+Q .
Stone Soup 0.5 ( the future ! )
0.4 is still in development , but I wanted to share some of the progress that has been made towards an SDL version of tiles that will be merged back into trunk after 0.4 has been released .
It runs on all of Crawl 's platforms ( hi , native OSX support ! ) and will enable a lot more interesting UI and graphics improvements .
Click the picture to see the improved minimap ( with view box , instead of hard to follow hash marks ) , monster names , and a smarter on - screen inventory .
Also , now supporting Eee PC resolutions :
Stone Soup 0.4
( Thanks to Denzi for all of the new art . )
Better deck graphics :
New dungeon graphics :
Pan
Abyss
Ecumenical Temple
Shoals
Lugonu 's corruption ability
Stone Soup 0.3
Mutations ( in order : claws , horns 1 , horns 2 , horns 3 , hooves ) .
Bazaars
New Monster Tiles
Beam Path
Background
A long time ago , a roguelike called Linley 's Dungeon Crawl had tile support via an unofficial patch .
Because tiles were not part of the official distribution , they were not carried with it when branching Stone Soup .
At this point however , there have been several efforts at tiles for Stone Soup .
One is by the Something Awful goon Organic Lint ( based on the unofficial vanilla DC patch ) and the other is by Mitsuhiro Itakura ( a rewrite of that patch ) , both for Stone Soup version 0.1.7 .
Mitsuhiro was said to be working on updating his code to a newer version of Stone Soup , but it had been months and I 'm too impatient to wait any longer .
In addition , all of the above versions used a tileset that was based on Mitushiro Itakura 's rltiles project .
Unfortunately , its project page 's code is both broken and out of date ( even for the original tile patch . )
This effort is based on Mitsuhiro Itakura 's code , some of his new tiles , an updated rltiles distribution , and the stab brands from Organic Lint .
It took all of that and updated them to run against Stone Soup 's current trunk with some new features .
Now , just as in the housing sector , the auto industry is suffering , too .
Borrowers are falling behind on their car payments at a rate faster than in other recent downturns .
And losses are considerably worse .
Auto lenders sustained losses on about 3.4 percent of their loans in the first quarter , a rate about 30 percent higher than in 2002 , according to data from Moody ’s Economy.com .
Even some of the most creditworthy borrowers are stressed .
Recently there have been a few small signs of improvement .
But auto lenders have struggled to find investors willing to buy packages of new loans .
Just as in the mortgage markets , a sterling credit rating  the bond insurer ’s seal of approval  is no longer trusted .
“ It ’s a challenge , but it ’s not a crisis , ” said William F. Muir , president of GMAC , the financing arm of General Motors that is now operated as a joint venture .
As the pool of money available to auto lenders has dried up , they have cut back on making new loans .
Since late last year , nearly every auto finance company has tightened its lending standards .
They are forcing borrowers to put more money down .
They are also demanding higher monthly payments and requiring stronger credit records and more stringent documentation .
Subprime auto lenders have been forced to pull back the most .
AmeriCredit , a big subprime finance company , said it would issue about $ 3 billion in new auto loans this year , compared with $ 9.2 billion in 2007 .
That translates into around 340,000 fewer vehicles being financed this year .
But lenders catering to less risky borrowers are also retrenching .
“ Capital One is pulling back , Citi is pulling back , HSBC and Wells Fargo are pulling back , ” said Mr. Ryan , the analyst .
So are the finance entities that serve the major automakers , like GMAC , Chrysler Financial and Ford Motor Credit .
“ What you are seeing at AmeriCredit is probably happening everywhere else , but probably to a lesser degree . ”
Many dealers say that buyers who would have been shoo-ins for a loan a year ago are now being turned away .
Ken Somerville , business manager at Pedigo Chevrolet in Indianapolis , said the tougher standards were having a “ significant impact ” on his ability to help customers get financing and close a sale .
The saying “ home sweet home ” can not be true every time .
Like any other place like an office or school , our home can also become a stress zone sometimes .
The stress at home can be due to many reasons like
Welcome to ShareRanks.com !
By aggregating your personal rankings of top items in different categories , we are creating Internet ’s definitive top lists of things .
You can create your own new top lists or add new items and contribute your unique point of view to existing rankings .
Our technology gives you immediate input and uses advanced techniques to best prevent ballot stuffing .
Make your view count now !
You can share and republish our rankings anywhere ; just credit us as the original source !
When Susan Handy moved to Davis , Calif. , in 2002 , she immediately bought a commuting vehicle : a wheeled trailer , for toting her kids behind her bike .
Handy , an environmental policy analyst at the University of California , and her husband frequently pedal to work , with two preschoolers in tow .
Among locals , their commute is common .
Fifty miles of bike lanes ribbon Davis , which is only about 10.5 square miles in area .
Handy calls
Davis a small town that really works .
City planners , health researchers and local leaders want more U.S. communities to really work -- and to that end , they have begun retrofitting the country , from Atlanta to Sacramento .
Inspired by a new urbanism that celebrates neighborhoods and alarmed by health problems -- particularly childhood obesity -- these trailblazers are building paths , sidewalks and other architectural features while promoting policies and behaviors that get people moving .
They have plenty to do .
America 's metropolitan landscape is a fractured network of residential and industrial buildings , haphazardly decorated with green space .
To get around in their built environment , or human - made surroundings , members of the average American household collectively logged more than 32,000 miles of car travel in 2001 .
According to National Household Travel Survey data , only 15 percent of children in the U.S. walk or bike to school -- a 35 percent drop from three decades ago .
At the same time , kids now spend an average of 44 hours a week sitting in front of a television , computer screen or other video monitor , according to a 2005 Kaiser Family Foundation study .
Over the past five years , the study concludes , this Generation M ( for media ) has increased its total exposure by more than an hour each day , mostly by multitasking with different forms at once .
Our built environment is a recipe for health problems , from obesity to asthma to depression , says Richard Jackson , an adjunct professor of environmental health at the University of California , Berkeley .
Poor urban design has a distinct impact .
Childhood obesity , in particular , has become epidemic .
Nearly a fifth of all children and adolescents in the U.S. -- more than 12 million -- are now overweight , according to the CDC's National Center for Health Statistics .
Can the U.S. redesign itself for a healthier future ?
Trails to Fitness
Today 's built environments reflect decades of urban planning with a few consistent themes -- cars and zoning , among them .
The advent of America 's car culture in the 1950s inspired suburbs that sprawl , Handy points out .
Reinforcing this trend , urban zoning requirements have frequently separated industrial or commercial settings and residential neighborhoods -- partly in the interest of public health , to ensure that most homeowners do not live near polluting factories .
But this blueprint currently looks less benign .
Pollution from nonfactory sources , such as smog from car tailpipes and lawn equipment , still fouls the air and contributes to asthma .
Idle hours in the car spent traveling between residential and commercial destinations add up to inactivity .
Even those who prefer to bike or walk often confront crowded roads and hectic intersections .
Rather than simply accepting this modern metropolis , early built - environment mavericks pushed for local change .
On a sunny day in 1991 , for instance , three cycling buddies in sprawling Atlanta together lamented the city 's polluted air and lack of bike trails .
Then they got busy .
The trio created the PATH foundation , a nonprofit whose mission is to develop a system of linked trails throughout metropolitan Atlanta .
Sixteen years later the PATH foundation has built 110 miles of trails in and around the city , through wetlands and nature preserves , along highways and across neighborhoods .
The longest trail , dubbed the Silver Comet , stretches 57 miles from Atlanta to the Alabama state line .
Built with a plan that combines public and private financing , all the trails are 12 feet wide , made of concrete and lined with maintained green space .
PATH 's executive director , Ed McBrayer , calls the trails linear parks .
We intend for all the trails to eventually link , like a transportation system , so people can use them to get to work , school , the gym and church , McBrayer says .
We 're always building : two miles there and one mile here , on abandoned railroad tracks , wherever we have the money and the political will .
Although data on how the trails are used are limited , it is known that they inspire some exercise : in a January 2007 study by PATH foundation staff and Emory University researchers , sponsored by Georgia Healthcare Foundation , a third of 315 trail users surveyed at Davidson - Arabia Mountain Nature Preserve said that most of their weekly physical activity has involved the trails .
Similarly , a network of trails in the college town of Columbia , Mo. , was born when educational technologist Ian Thomas and some friends calculated that the town of 75,000 included at least 60 residential streets lacking sidewalks .
They founded the PedNet Coalition , now directed by Thomas , to lobby policymakers for pedestrian - friendly improvements and to promote activity to Columbia residents .
In 2004 PedNet convinced Columbia 's city council to revise its street design standards , adding or widening sidewalks , bike lanes and mixed - use paths .
Those changes , in turn , helped the city win a 25 - million grant from the Federal Highway Administration to build a comprehensive cycling and walking network .
As part of the grant , Columbia will document how its efforts boost bicycling and walking , reduce traffic and energy use , and promote better health and a cleaner environment .
In fact , major changes in federal transportation policy are boosting built - environment projects nationwide .
Spurred by local constituencies , lawmakers in 1991 and 1998 formally added bicycling and walking to transportation planning .
As a result , bicycle and pedestrian projects -- from sidewalks to bicycle lanes , trails and parking -- now qualify for federal funds once dedicated exclusively to highways .
Today states and metro areas are legally required to consider bicyclists and pedestrians in transportation plans .
What 's more , a 2005 federal transportation bill allocated an additional 612 million for a new national Safe Routes to School program , requiring all states to hire a coordinator to administer funds to communities for new bike lanes , pathways , sidewalks , and education and promotion campaigns in elementary and middle schools .
Built - environment advocates agree that promotion -- from generating political will to inspiring individual choice -- is critical to their cause .
Thomas points to school location as one example .
Because public schools are not seen as high priority , they are underfunded and thus buy the cheapest land available , on the edge of town , Thomas explains .
How do you get your kids there ?
You have to drive .
Even the support of neighbors is n't guaranteed .
In Atlanta , McBrayer was surprised to discover that culture -- not just cash - - was an obstacle .
I initially assumed everyone wanted to be connected , McBrayer recalls .
And that 's not true .
There are class and race issues , privacy issues and people who do n't want things to change .
Adding to the challenge , Americans plainly enjoy their cars .
In a 2005 study sponsored by the Southwest Region University Transportation Center , Handy and her colleagues interviewed Texas drivers to determine their routes to local destinations .
They asked the question :
How much of driving is determined by choice , rather than need ?
The answer : a significant amount .
The study found that people often take extra trips , choose longer routes , pick more distant destinations and opt to drive rather than walk or bike .
Exercise physiologist Russell Pate of the University of South Carolina sees this tendency in his own community .
I live in a safe , relatively low traffic neighborhood with sidewalks that lead to a local elementary school , Pate says .
Every morning there 's a line of SUVs half a mile long dropping off kids .
The built environment is not the barrier there .
Desperation Grows
Yet as the health - environment connection evolves into a national issue , foundations are stepping up to the challenge .
This year the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation ( RWJF ) , the largest U.S. philanthropy devoted to health , committed 500 million to fighting childhood obesity .
Those funds will in part support three existing RWJF organizations -- Active Living by Design , Active Living Research and Leadership for Healthy Communities -- that seek to change policy , the environment and behavior to boost physical activity .
There 's almost a desperation around the country to do something about childhood obesity , says Active Living Research program director James Sallis , who is also a psychologist at San Diego State University .
Active Living Research , in particular , is working to assemble evidence that the right built environments boost physical activity and improve health .
Increasingly , we plan to focus on funding peer - reviewed research that documents the most promising ways to reduce childhood obesity , Sallis says .
In one of his own studies , published this past March in the American Journal of Health Promotion , Sallis collaborated with urban design specialist Lawrence Frank of the University of British Columbia and others to link Atlanta 's built environment with walking patterns in the city .
Surveying more than 3,000 children and their parents , the researchers found that kids aged 12 to 15 were three times more likely to walk half a mile a day if a park , store or other popular destination were located within about 0.62 mile ( one kilometer ) of their homes .
Overall , the team reported , children and families living in a mixed - use community -- which offers destinations within walking distance -- walk significantly more .
Walking half a mile may not sound like much exercise , but Pate puts it into perspective .
He notes that preventing excess weight gain is likely to be easier than losing pounds .
Furthermore , he says , most people pack on pounds gradually , because their day - to - day consumption of unburned calories is relatively small .
Over time , for instance , 50 extra calories a day can cause someone to become overweight .
And a 10 - year - old can burn more than 50 calories just walking to or from school or the park on a daily basis , Pate points out .
Still , skeptics question how much sprawl is to blame for obesity .
In a 2003 online editorial , the Heritage Foundation , a conservative think tank in Washington , D.C. , argued that without more evidence , public policy should not require denser , mixed - use community designs .
The foundation emphasized that data from the CDC on 445 counties showed few overall weight differences between communities designed differently .
For the country as a whole and comparing citizen weight in the 25 counties at either extreme of sprawl and compactness , 19.2 percent of residents in the least sprawling communities were obese , while 21.2 percent in the most sprawling were obese , the editorial noted , calling such differences trivial .
Sallis has heard that argument before .
Most people would agree that there is not going to be a single solution to childhood obesity , he responds .
We have to pursue many solutions .
We have to make it harder to drive and easier to bike .
We have to make it easier to find affordable , healthy food and harder to find junk food .
We have to make it easier for kids to be active at school and after school .
Obesity is a difficult problem to fix , but it 's certainly possible -- and environment is a factor .
In particular , Sallis continues , minority and low - income communities need new solutions .
Studies have shown that these neighborhoods , on average , include fewer parks , more fast food outlets and more crime than affluent or Caucasian neighborhoods .
Against this backdrop , these communities frequently suffer higher rates of obesity .
Active Living Research plans to increase its support for reviews of these high - risk populations , Sallis says .
Other investigators are evaluating classic neighborhood designs .
In northern California , Handy and her colleagues are studying cul - de - sacs , those horseshoe - shaped streets that typically dead - end at middle - class family homes dressed with basketball hoops , soccer nets and other sports paraphernalia .
Seeking more connectivity , partly to promote walking and biking , city planners are increasingly outlawing cul - de - sacs in favor of streets laid out in a grid pattern .
But in a study presented at an Active Living Research Conference this past February , Handy 's team reported another side to the story .
Across 27 households in Woodland , Calif. , 75 percent of children living in cul - de - sacs reported being highly active outdoors , versus 55 percent of those residing on through streets .
In a related survey of 1,672 parents , children ages five to 12 living in cul - de - sacs played outside more than four times in a given week , at least once more than those on through streets .
What 's the best neighborhood design for kids , and what 's the best for adults ?
Handy asks .
The answer may not be simple .
Elusive or not , the built environment is likely to become an even hotter topic of debate in years to come .
For proof , Jackson points to his experience at U.C. Berkeley .
My students are as intensely invested in these issues as students were 30 years ago in the Vietnam War , he says .
We 're going to retrofit communities to improve our health -- and to improve our environment .
These concerns are here to stay .
( Natural News ) The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) is launching an investigation into a still - unexplained collection of symptoms known as Morgellons disease .
The condition known as Morgellons disease is characterized primarily by skin lesions that do not heal , as well as unexplained sensations of crawling , biting or stinging on the skin ; the presence of foreign materials , such as fibers , on or under the skin ; fatigue ; joint pain ; memory loss ; mental confusion and vision changes .
Because doctors do not know what causes the symptoms , some have questioned whether it is a real physical condition .
According to the Morgellons Research Foundation , many Morgellons patients are falsely " diagnosed with a common medical label , Delusions of Parasitosis , the basic tenet being this is a psychiatric illness with the presumption of a purely delusional ' parasite infestation .
'" The CDC investigation will involve patients enrolled in the Kaiser Permanente Northern California Health Plan who saw medical attention for Morgellons - like symptoms within an 18 - month time period .
It will also involve cooperation from the Armed Forces Pathology Institute , and is expected to last for at least one year .
Patients involved in the study will undergo thorough examinations of both mental and physical health .
When asked if she believes that Morgellons disease is a real medical condition , lead researcher Michele Pearson said , " What I can tell you is real is the suffering that these patients are experiencing .
I cannot characterize this as a syndrome , as a disease .
I can tell you it 's an unexplained illness .
" The Morgellons Research Foundation says that it has identified at least 11,000 families around the world that have at least one member who suffers from Morgellons disease .
Executive Director Mary Leitao said that the CDC investigation is an important step toward finding out more about the condition , which she believes is " an infectious disease . "
JOHANNESBURG ( Reuters ) - Jimmy Malish huddles under a blanket , looks at the darkening sky and prays that it does n’t rain again on him and the hundreds of other African migrants camped in the courtyard of a Johannesburg police station .
African immigrants , displaced by anti-foreigner violence in Johannesburg , warm their hands around a small fire outside the Jeppe police station in the city , May 27 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Mike Hutchings
“ We are living like dogs , ” the 26 - year - old Sudanese refugee said on Tuesday at the Jeppe police station , more than a week after a mob , armed with knives and sticks , drove him and his foreign - born neighbours from their homes in a nearby township .
“ Please tell somebody to help us . ”
His plea is echoed by Zimbabweans , Mozambicans and others from around the continent targeted in a wave of attacks in South Africa that have killed dozens of foreign workers and displaced tens of thousands .
Some estimates put the number of refugees at 80,000 - 100,000 .
Although President Thabo Mbeki and other senior officials have condemned the violence , on the ground there are few signs the government has stepped in with significant aid for victims .
The lion ’s share of blankets , tents , clothes and food distributed in refugee shelters and camps have come from relief agencies , religious groups and individual citizens .
Slideshow ( 11 images )
“ This is a refugee crisis and it is unattended , ” said Muriel Cornelius of Medecins Sans Frontieres ( Doctors Without Borders ) .
The French humanitarian group is providing health care to displaced migrants throughout the country .
While praising the efforts of non-governmental agencies and individuals , she said the lack of an orchestrated government response threatened to worsen the plight of those displaced , some of whom sleep outside in near freezing temperatures .
DISEASE
Doctors and nurses report an array of respiratory infections , diarrhoea and other opportunistic diseases in overcrowded shelters and camps , posing a risk of wider outbreaks .
The Red Cross also has complained about the lack of national coordination by government .
The crisis has prompted thousands to return home .
At least 50,000 Mozambicans and Zimbabweans have left South Africa since the attacks , which have now subsided , began on May 11 .
Smaller numbers have gone back to Zambia and Malawi .
Zimbabweans are the largest immigrant group in South Africa , accounting for an estimated 60 percent of the 5 million migrants here .
South Africa ’s population is about 50 million .
The bloodshed and subsequent exodus is embarrassing to a country that has prided itself on welcoming immigrants and asylum seekers , and officials are taking steps to reintegrate migrants back into the community .
While some have accepted the offer , others say they are too scared to do so .
“ We will be killed by our neighbours , ” Ndubula Joelle , a pregnant mother of two from the Democratic Republic of Congo , said at the Jeppe police station .
“ They will cut my baby out .
They told me . ”
-- Posted Monday , 23 June 2008 | Digg This Article | Source : GoldSeek.com
The following is an excerpt from commentary that originally appeared at Treasure Chests for the benefit of subscribers on Friday , June 6th , 2008 .
That �s what master planners will be doing in continuing efforts to offset a collapsing credit cycle .
And we are just a few short weeks away from when this should begin in earnest .
Why not right now ?
Why will this likely take until July to begin in earnest ?
Well , for one thing master planners ( heavy on the sarcasm ) have it their minds they need to talk the dollar ( $ ) up right now , at least until things start falling apart again .
This is official Fed policy at present , and orthodox hedge fund managers are supporting it , along with selling commodities and precious metals .
And the other thing is the stock market .
As mention many times this year , hedge funds are locked into a sell commodities / precious metals and buy the $ / stocks trade for the present quarter that will be pushed aggressively right until the end of June .
So although its days are numbered , which will be discussed in further detail below , in the meantime the stock market should continue to defy gravity , albeit volatility is picking up in signaling bigger things are anticipated as the summer matures .
A second close over 20 in the CBOE Volatility Index ( VIX ) this week would be a signal the corner has turned in this regard , with the only question being one of velocity .
As discussed the other day , the velocity of the downturn in stocks is being defined by speculators , as usual , where right now historic low open interest put / call ratios in the S&P 500 ( SPX ) are being offset by put buying against tech indices ( NDX , QQQQ , MNX ) .
This is why tech indices were strong yesterday , while the SPX was down .
Moving past this consideration however , a study of open interest configurations is suggestive volatility should pick up in July , and become more profound in August , where again , as discussed Wednesday , when open interest contracts , the true nature of the trend will unfold .
And like last year , where a seasonal slowdown in speculation caused the price weakness into August , stocks should come under pressure once again , especially considering margin debt has now established a contraction trend , as seen below .
It must be added here that a collapsing short interest ratio , which measures a corresponding contraction in short selling on the stock exchange , is already falling hard , meaning technically stocks are set to plunge from this perspective as well .
( See Figure 1 ) Figure 1
And it doesn�t stop there in terms of the bad news either , where although most prefer to imagine things could not get worse , they will .
As alluded to above , a collapsing stock market , although important and long overdue in terms of fundamentals ( think contracting earnings ) , is only one element of the credit crunch .
Housing will continue to fall , and home equity loans will contract as a result .
And then there is credit card debt , car loans , and commercial credit that will suffer as a result of the collapsing consumer .
It �s all tied together you know , not compartmentalized as the bubbleheads on CNBC would like you to believe .
Bottom line is , the rate of growth in consumer credit is contracting , but it hasn�t gone negative yet , not with all those people buying their necessities on credit cards .
( See Figure 2 ) Figure 2
One does need wonder what would be the result in the economy if this were to happen however ( which it surely will ) , or god forbid , if the consumer were actually to begin saving money .
This is why master planners smash the gold price down every chance they get , because they don�t want you doing something sensible , like saving your money .
You see , when you buy gold you are saving your wealth , which is a big �no no� as far as the banks are concerned .
They need money velocities to be elevated in order to keep bank profits growing , which is all these characters are ever worried about .
This is why they take such great efforts to suppress its pricing , and why the levels of gold derivatives have exploded , according to the Bank of International Settlements .
It �s taking increasing effort to keep gold contained however , as reflected in the growth rate ( 40 % annualized ) of derivatives required to keep prices contained .
The implication here is one of these days , with the increasing amounts of fiat currency necessary to counter a collapsing consumer , a combination of physical buying in gold , along with demand for paper pricing mechanisms , will outstrip all constraints , and the biggest short squeeze in the history of any market will ensue .
So make no mistake about it , having a portion of your wealth anchored in precious metals is an absolute financial necessity these days , as this will send gold and silver prices far higher than most can presently contemplate , and in rapid fashion .
In the meantime , master planners keep a lid on the situation by monetizing everything that goes wrong , which is evident in the growth of M3 shown below .
In the end however , and in classic ironic form , all this liquidity floating around will lead to the demise of the present system of exchange and commerce .
( See Figure 3 ) Figure 3
Further to this , one cannot help but be take back with the degree of detail , depth , and insight found in John William�s recent study on how hyperinflation is unfolding before our very eyes today .
As you should know , hyperinflation is an unsustainable monetary / economic condition , and according to John , we are on the cusp of a hyperinflationary depression that will likely end in monetary deflation , barter , and the need for revolutionary reform .
As you may know , gold would play a key role in such a reformulation , along the lines of what Antal Fekete describes in his latest .
Of course you will not need wait until the present monetary system melts down to witness the virtues associated with owning gold , not with US monetization ( phantom money supply ) growth rates at the highest levels in recoded history .
Here , even the Austrian�s will soon need to admit money supply growth rates are accelerating , as evidenced in True Money Supply ( TMS ) , commodities , and gold .
( See Figure 4 ) Figure 4
What �s more , it�s important to understand that in terms of the �credit crisis� , and the levels of monetization / money supply growth that will be required bail out a ballooning contagion as process unfolds , these growth rates will need to accelerate further .
The result here , as alluded to above with respect to comments associated with TMS , is that traditional money supply measures , such as M2 , should see accelerating expansion as well , and that all of this will lead into higher prices .
This is of course the same point John Williams is making , and can be visualized in the chart overlay displayed below , where it�s apparent M3 , M2 , and the Consumer Price Index ( CPI ) are all poised to make growth rate gains in long - term averages moving forward .
( See Figure 5 ) Figure 5
And this will all lead to increased liquidity on a global scale ( see Figure 6 below ) , where emerging market producers of manufactured goods and commodities will be forced to expand their own money supplies to adjust to accelerating inflation coming out of increasingly bankrupt Western economies .
In turn , and as alluded to above , this will continue to fuel further gains in commodities , which as you know from recent work on the subject is our view moving forward .
Commodity prices will continue to move higher , and this will further underpin precious metals prices , where at some point , like crude oil at present , things will get �out of control� .
( See Figure 6 ) Figure 6
This is when gold and silver prices will start to make 3 to 5 - percent daily gains � maybe more .
You see , the banks will be forced to �buy in� , even if the gold they have sold is formally leased out , and supposedly the responsibility of hair - brained mining executives .
Of course more recent accelerating derivatives growth ( short sales ) cannot be attributed to new mine production because with the exception of China , gold production is contracting in most other areas of the world , and so is hedging .
No � these forward sales are naked shorts put on by the banking community that will need to be covered one day .
And as mentioned above , this should sponsor the biggest short covering rally seen in any major market ever witnessed , assuming current market are not shut down .
This would naturally be difficult to do with physical gold and silver , which again , is why we harp on the virtues of physical metals religiously .
Unfortunately we cannot carry on past this point , as the remainder of this analysis is reserved for our subscribers .
Of course if the above is the kind of analysis you are looking for this is easily remedied by visiting our newly improved web site to discover more about how our service can help you in not only this regard , but also in achieving your financial goals .
For your information , our newly reconstructed site includes such improvements as automated subscriptions , improvements to trend identifying / professionally annotated charts , to the more detailed quote pages exclusively designed for independent investors who like to stay on top of things .
Here , in addition to improving our advisory service , our aim is to also provide a resource center , one where you have access to well presented �key � information concerning the markets we cover .
On top of this , and in relation to identifying value based opportunities in the energy , base metals , and precious metals sectors , all of which should benefit handsomely as increasing numbers of investors recognize their present investments are not keeping pace with actual inflation , we are currently covering 69 stocks ( and growing ) within our portfolios .
This is yet another good reason to drop by and check us out .
As a side - note , some of you might be interested to know you can now subscribe to our service directly through Visa and Mastercard by clicking here .
And if you have any questions , comments , or criticisms regarding the above , please feel free to drop us a line .
We very much enjoy hearing from you on these matters .
Good investing in 2008 all .
Captain Hook Special Note :
With the exception of Figure 1 , which was provided courtesy of Investmenttools.com , all other figures were sourced at nowandfutures.com .
Treasure Chests is a market timing service specializing in value - based position trading in the precious metals and equity markets with an orientation geared to identifying intermediate - term swing trading opportunities .
Specific opportunities are identified utilizing a combination of fundamental , technical , and inter-market analysis .
This style of investing has proven very successful for wealthy and sophisticated investors , as it reduces risk and enhances returns when the methodology is applied effectively .
Those interested in discovering more about how the strategies described above can enhance your wealth should visit our web site at Treasure Chests Disclaimer :
The above is a matter of opinion and is not intended as investment advice .
Information and analysis above are derived from sources and utilizing methods believed reliable , but we cannot accept responsibility for any trading losses you may incur as a result of this analysis .
Comments within the text should not be construed as specific recommendations to buy or sell securities .
Individuals should consult with their broker and personal financial advisors before engaging in any trading activities , as we are not registered brokers or advisors .
Certain statements included herein may constitute " forward - looking statements " with the meaning of certain securities legislative measures .
Such forward - looking statements involve known and unknown risks , uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual results , performance or achievements of the above mentioned companies , and / or industry results , to be materially different from any future results , performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward - looking statements .
Do your own due diligence .
Copyright � 2008 treasurechests.info
Inc .
All rights reserved .
Unless otherwise indicated , all materials on these pages are copyrighted by treasurechests .
info Inc .
No part of these pages , either text or image may be used for any purpose other than personal use .
Therefore , reproduction , modification , storage in a retrieval system or retransmission , in any form or by any means , electronic , mechanical or otherwise , for reasons other than personal use , is strictly prohibited without prior written permission .
-- Posted Monday , 23 June 2008 | Digg This Article | Source : GoldSeek.com
Previous Articles by CAPTAINHOOK
Pictured : RAF blow up world 's biggest drugs haul worth £ 225 MILLION in Afghanistan desert
RAF
Harrier jump jets have blown up the world 's biggest drug haul in Afghanistan by dropping three 1,000 lb bombs on a 237 - ton stash of cannabis .
The haul - worth £ 225 million and weighing more than 30 double - decker buses - was unearthed by the Special Boat Service and local commandos .
The drugs were first stuffed into grain sacks and buried in six trenches covering an area the size of two football pitches .
Attack : Smoke pours from a bombed trench full of drugs and , below , an RAF Harrier jet
Harriers then flew over the site near Kandahar and dropped their deadly payload .
After the attack from Kandahar airfield , troops set fire to the remains with petrol .
Five tons of opium , worth £ 2 million , was also found and destroyed .
Three people were arrested .
The previous record haul was 80 tons of cocaine in Columbia in 1998 .
Afghanistan 's deputy Interior Minister , Lieutenant General Abdul Hadi Khalid , said yesterday : ' This is a new world record in the global war on drugs . '
Mind - boggling : Inside one of six trenches concealing a record 236 tons of hash and 2.5 tons of opium
Up in flames :
The third of three illegal drug caches after being hit by 1000lb bombs from RAF Harrier jump jets then set ablaze by troops
Unlimited Wii downloads
There are often bugs and issues in new video games which need to be discovered by video game beta testers .
For those interested in becoming a video game tester there are an increasing amount of website ’s which connect video game tester ’s with jobs offered by gaming companies .
Do n't believe it can be done click here
In such a booming industry there is an continuous demand for video game testers .
Microsoft and Ubisoft , for example , require keen and motivated video gamers to beta test their unreleased video games .
It is costly if a company releases a game with too many bugs and issues .
It seems as though the gaming industry as a whole is resistant to recent economic problems .
As Shayne Well , contributor to Fox 12 states : “ With the price of just about everything through the roof , people are changing their spending habits .
And while most industry 's are struggling right now , the gaming world is flying high . ”
It follows that video game tester jobs are set to be in high supply .
To get a video game tester job the applicant needs to own the gaming platform for which they want to test video games on .
If your still reading this I do n't think that is going to be the problem .
The standard procedure is that the video game tester is mailed the unreleased video game with a survey sheet enclosed .
The video game tester then completes the entire game and returns the survey noting any issues or bugs they encountered .
Upon receiving the survey the gaming company will then mail the video game tester a check .
New gaming platform ’s are constantly being introduced – the most recent being Nintendo 's WII - which in turn increases the demand for video game testers .
Traditionally , there is greater deand for testers in the summer .
A lot of gaming companies push for a Christmas release - so the QA phase needs to be completed months in advance to meet this deadline .
A recent survey of experienced gamestesters , concluded that the site gamertestingground.com led the pack in terms of money paid although it was limited to over 18's , it also excelled in customer service and hab the best record of bonuses and giveaways .
Many of it 's testers reported being able to earn over $ 100 an hour on some products .
only4gamers.com came in first amongst those that allowed under18 's to participate .
Payments were somewhat lower and the level of prizes and other incentives were scaled down .
Customer service and the frequency of assignments were rated high .
Visit The Assasin Diaries now and Own MMPOG
この記事を読むのに必要な時間：およそ 2 分
悪魔の習 慣
「 最近は， 仕事が忙しいし， うまくいかないし， 面白くないな。毎日がツライだけだよ。 」
苦しいことやツライことが続くと， こう考えてしまうのも仕方ありません。しかし，
この状態が続くとイライラ感が増幅し， モチベーションが低下していくいっぽうです。
この事を筆者は ，
「 負のスパイラル 」
と呼んでいます 。
負のスパイラルに入ってしまうと， なかなか抜け出すことができません。
ほとんどの場合， 負のスパイラルの構造は， 次のようになっていると思われます 。
「 忙しい＞うまくいかない＞面白くない＞やりたくない
（イライラ） ＞効率が下がる＞忙しい 」
このような状態が続くと， 仕事から逃げ出したくなってきます。しかし，
1度逃げ出せたとしても， また同じようなツライ毎日がやってくるだけです。
時が経てばなんとかなると思っていてはダメです。時間が解決してくれるわけではありません。
天使の習 慣
「 毎日， 楽しくなる小さな達成感をプラスしましょう。 」
プロジェクトの期間が長期になってくると， 仕事が進んでいるという実感がわいてきません。
進んでいるという実感がないと仕事は面白くなくなってしまいます。少しずつ前に進んでいることを分かれば，
それが達成感になって仕事が楽しくなってくるはずです。
仕事とは毎日コツコツやった積み重ねで成し遂げられるものです。目の前にブロックが積まれていってると分かるような仕事だとよいのですが，
そうでない場合は積み重ねている努力が目に見えません。これを見える化すれば，
達成感を日々感じることができます。
小さな達成感を得て仕事が面白いと感じれば， ワクワク感を持って仕事を取り組めます。結果的に仕事がうまくいくことにつながります。
これが負のスパイラルから抜け出す方法です。
「 忙しい＞うまくいかない＞面白い＞やってやろうじゃないか （ワクワク） ＞効率を上げる＞仕事の質が上がる」
思い出すと， 子供の時は毎日ワクワクしていたような気がします。小さな達成感をプラスするヒントは子供時代にあるのかもしれません。
Mythmaking for the Next War
At the height of the Cold War , the Soviet Union had some 45,000 nuclear warheads .
At the moment , Iran has none .
But when Barack Obama said the obvious -- that Iran does not pose the sort of threat the Soviet Union did -- John McCain reacted as though his rival had offered to trade Fort Knox for a sack of magic beans .
" Such a statement betrays the depth of Sen . Obama 's inexperience and reckless judgment , " exclaimed McCain .
" These are very serious deficiencies for an American president to possess . "
But if Iran is the Soviet Union , I'm Shaquille O'Neal .
There is nothing reckless in soberly distinguishing large threats from small ones , and there is something foolhardy in grossly exaggerating the strength of your enemies .
As military powers go , Iran is a pipsqueak .
It has no nuclear weapons .
It has a pitiful air force .
Its navy is really just a coast guard .
It spends less on defense than Singapore or Sweden .
Our military budget is 145 times bigger than Iran's .
By contrast , the Soviets had far more nuclear weapons than we did , a blue - water navy , formidable air power and ground forces that dwarfed ours .
In a conventional war , it was anything but certain that we could prevail , and in a nuclear exchange , it was clear they could destroy us .
Iran is a very modest adversary .
Of course , even a Chihuahua can bite .
The U.S. government claims Iran has provided arms and training to Iraqi insurgents -- never mind that it is allied with the government of Prime Minister Nouri al - Maliki .
But it 's worthwhile to remember that even bad regimes sometimes have understandable motivations .
The United States helped overthrow a democratically elected Iranian government in 1953 and provided aid to Saddam Hussein during the Iran - Iraq war of the 1980s .
If Iran sees an interest in bleeding the U.S. military , that is likely a defensive response to the presence of an avowed enemy on its border rather than a sign of aggressive intent .
Its actions in Iraq , however , are supposedly the least of the menace .
McCain and many others are convinced that Iran will soon get nuclear weapons and proceed to use them .
The first claim overlooks the Bush administration 's own National Intelligence Estimate , issued last year , which concluded that Iran halted its nuclear weapons program in 2003 .
The NIE also said , " Tehran 's decisions are guided by a cost - benefit approach rather than a rush to a weapon irrespective of the political , economic and military costs . "
Even if Iran were to acquire atomic bombs , there is no reason to think it would use them or turn them over to terrorists .
McCain , however , insists that Iran has " a commitment to Israel 's destruction , " and appears to think its leaders cannot be contained because of their religious fanaticism .
But as University of Michigan Middle East scholar Juan Cole has explained , Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad never vowed to " wipe Israel off the map " -- an oft - quoted phrase that Cole says is a mistranslation of the milder words he used .
In fact , he says , " Ahmadinejad has never threatened Israel with physical aggression , " however much he would welcome its collapse .
Even if the Iranians would like to destroy Israel , they face a powerful disincentive : the prospect of radioactive incineration .
The Tehran government has been intimidated by less .
Israeli historian Gershom Gorenberg writes in the May / June issue of Foreign Policy magazine , " Iran agreed to a ceasefire in the war with Iraq once Iraqi missiles began falling on Tehran .
The ayatollahs were willing to sacrifice soldiers -- but not to pay a higher price . "
Even fanatics have their limits .
Nor would Iran be so irrational as to give nukes to a terrorist group .
That would be the worst of both worlds -- giving up control of those weapons , while inviting annihilation the moment they are put to use .
But there is no reasoning with McCain and his allies , who yearn for the simple clarity of the Cold War .
If we do n't have an enemy on the mammoth scale of the Soviet Union , they will take a pint - sized one , inflate it beyond recognition and pretend that military confrontation is the only way to deal with it .
That was how we got into the war in Iraq and how , under a McCain presidency , we are liable to end up in a war in Iran .
If he 's looking for reckless judgment , he should look in the mirror .
The universe does not look right .
That may seem like a strange thing to say , given that cosmologists have very little standard for comparison .
How do we know what the universe is supposed to look like ?
Nevertheless , over the years we have developed a strong intuition for what counts as “ natural ” — and the universe we see does not qualify .
By Malik Miah
The groundswell of broad support for Barack Obama ( both among Blacks and whites ) is a phenomenon that deserves a serious analysis and understanding .
It can not be downplayed by passing it through the lens of pure - and - simple lesser - evilism .
Some radicals dismiss the mass phenomenon , because Obama is a candidate of a ruling - class party .
That simplistic rejection of Obama 's campaign and its mass support is sectarian :
The issue is n't whether to vote for a Democrat , but rather our response to a development that is having a wide - scale impact .
How many times , in state after state , have we ever seen citizens of all races line up for hours to hear an African - American man talk about “ hope ' ' , on a platform that is fundamentally no different than his opponents ?
While I do sympathise with those activists choosing the Green Party campaign of Cynthia McKinney or the “ independent ” Ralph Nader for their more progressive political program , I believe progressives and socialists should focus our attentions on critically engaging Obama supporters , identifying with their desire for a “ new type of politics and direction for the country ” — while explaining that Obama is no answer to stop the aggressive wars of US .
imperialism .
In that spirit of critical engagement , an objective evaluation of Obama 's support , and why it 's grown , is instructive .
Mass appeal beyond electoralism
The mass sentiment for the Obama campaign represents more than pure electoralism .
It indicates a possible shift in political consciousness , which can either lead to broad - scale disillusionment or begin to awaken the new young generation to engage in more radical politics when the first African - American president acts like all his predecessors in defending the imperial state .
The Obama phenomenon is a result of fears and frustrations , and of hopes that the country can be better .
Most Blacks , of course , are excited by an unprecedented possibility of a “ Black president ' ' .
Others , including many white workers , are fed up with standing still or going backward as the country enters a recession .
Obama taps these multiple anxieties .
His mass rallies show the desire for change .
The “ messiah effect ” is why Obama could take on the issue of “ race and racism ” in the way he did on March 18 in Philadelphia .
It 's appropriate to look at that speech and fallout — some 40 years after the assassination of Martin Luther King , Jr. — to see the complexities of racial progress .
Outstanding speech
As a Democrat and mainstream politician , Obama 's speech was far superior to what anyone on the left or the country likely expected .
Some have criticised it for not analysing the institutional racism deeply embedded in capitalism — another case of looking much too narrowly at what Obama means for tens of millions of people .
Overall , this was an outstanding speech .
Obama refused to throw his former Chicago minister , Reverend Jeremiah Wright , under the moving bus for Wright 's sermon outlining the history of violence by the rulers of the United States .
( It should be noted that Obama later told the ABC daytime talk show , The View : “ Had the reverend not retired , and had he not acknowledged that what he had said had deeply offended people and was inappropriate and mischaracterised what I believe is the greatness of this country — for all its flaws — then I would n't have felt comfortable staying there at the church . '')
The speech 's significance , however , is not what he said or did n't say about Reverend Wright .
It is the fact that Obama dared to elaborate on the topic to a national audience even if it hurt his chances to win the presidential nomination or to be elected in November .
It confirmed to his followers and detractors alike that he is a different kind of mainstream politician .
Obama outlined the origins of American racism from the dawn of English colonialism and independence to the present — the slave trade , chattel slavery , Jim Crow segregation and the racism still prevalent in society , especially among many whites who speak and act certain ways in private , not necessarily consciously but because of cultural upbringing .
Obama told the story of his white Kansas grandmother , who feared Black men even though she loved him .
These honest views are felt by all ethnic groups .
Everyone has similar family contradictions .
Obama did not discuss institutional discrimination and disadvantages that “ people of colour ” still face for simply being Black , Latino , Native American or Asian — something a white person has never experienced .
That discrimination is why some employment and other opportunities are not offered , or the benefit of the doubt not given , by a mostly white male - dominated power structure .
Yet he went further than I expected , which is the only way to view his comments on Reverend Jeremiah Wright and racial politics .
It 's why what he said about Wright rang true to the audience :
“ Given my background , my politics , and my professed values and ideals , there will no doubt be those for whom my statements of condemnation [ of Reverend Wright 's ‘ divisive ' comments ] are not enough ....
But the truth is that is n't all that I know of the man .
“ The man I met more than twenty years ago is a man who helped introduce me to my Christian faith , a man who spoke to me about our obligations to love one another ; to care for the sick and lift up the poor .... who served his country as a US marine ; who has studied and lectured at some of the finest universities and seminaries in the country , and who for over thirty years led a church that serves the community ( by ) housing the homeless , ministering to the needy , providing day care services and scholarships and prison ministries , and reaching out to those suffering from HIV / AIDS …
“ Not once in my conversations with him have I heard him talk about any ethnic group in derogatory terms , or treat whites with whom he interacted with anything but courtesy and respect .
He contains within him the contradictions — the good and the bad — of the community that he has served diligently for so many years .
``I can no more disown him than I can disown the Black community .
I can no more disown him than I can my white grandmother ...''.
Wright is no hatemonger
Reverend Jeremiah
Wright is no “ hatemonger ” as slandered by the right and many Clinton supporters .
He did not give a “ hate ” speech .
His sermons are , in fact , in the best tradition of Black liberation theology .
Read what Reverend Wright ( now retired ) said in his now infamous December 2007 speech :
“ We took this country by terror away from the Sioux , the Apache , Arikara , the Comanche , the Arapaho , and the Navajo .
Terrorism .
“ We took Africans away from their country to build our way of ease and kept them enslaved and living in fear .
Terrorism .
“ We bombed Grenada and killed innocent civilians , babies and non-military personnel ' ' , he preached .
“ We bombed the Black civilian community of Panama with stealth bombers and killed unarmed teenagers and toddlers , pregnant mothers and hard working fathers .
“ We bombed Qaddafi 's home , and killed his child .
‘ Blessed are they who bash your children 's head against the rock . '
[ This is a reference to the seldom - quoted final two verses of Psalm 137 , which was Reverend Wright 's text for this sermon on the dangers of revenge lust — MM . ]
“ We bombed Iraq .
We killed unarmed civilians trying to make a living .
We bombed a plant in Sudan to pay back for the attack on our embassy , killed hundreds of hard working people , mothers and fathers who left home to go to work that day not knowing that they 'd never get back home .
“ We bombed Hiroshima .
We bombed Nagasaki , and we nuked far more than the thousands in New York and the Pentagon and we never batted an eye .
“ Kids playing in the playground .
Mothers picking up children after school .
Civilians , not soldiers , people just trying to make it day by day .
“ We have supported state terrorism against the Palestinians and Black South Africans , and now we are indignant because the stuff that we have done overseas is now brought right back into our own front yards .
America 's chickens are [ here the congregation joins in completing the sentence — MM ] coming home to roost .
“ Violence begets violence .
Hatred begets hatred .
And terrorism begets terrorism .
A white ambassador [ a US diplomat previously quoted in Wright 's sermon — MM ] said that y'all , not a Black militant .
Not a reverend who preaches about racism .
An ambassador whose eyes are wide open and who is trying to get us to wake up and move away from this dangerous precipice upon which we are now poised .
The ambassador said the people we have wounded do n't have the military capability we have .
But they do have individuals who are willing to die and take thousands with them .
And we need to come to grips with that '' .
True or false ?
King 's precedent
In 1967 and 1968 , shortly before his assassination , Martin Luther King , Jr. spoke at the Riverside Church in New York City about the Vietnam War .
This is what he said :
“ The only change came from America , as we increased our troop commitments in support of governments which were singularly corrupt , inept , and without popular support .
All the while the people read our leaflets and received the regular promises of peace and democracy and land reform .
Now they languish under our bombs and consider us , not their fellow Vietnamese , the real enemy .
They move sadly and apathetically as we herd them off the land of their fathers into concentration camps where minimal social needs are rarely met .
They know they must move on or be destroyed by our bombs ' ' .
King called for the immediate end to this “ madness ' ' .
In his 1968 speech at Stanford University in Palo Alto , California , he returned to the theme :
“ It is said on the Statue of Liberty that America is a home of exiles .
It does n't take us long to realise that America has been the home of its white exiles from Europe .
But it has not evinced the same kind of maternal care and concern for its Black exiles from Africa .
It is no wonder that in one of his sorrow songs , the Negro could sing out , “ Sometimes I feel like a motherless child ' ' .
What great estrangement , what great sense of rejection caused a people to emerge with such a metaphor as they looked over their lives ' ' .
He added :
“ There are those , and they are often sincere people , who say to Negroes and their allies in the white community , that we should slow up and just be nice and patient and continue to pray , and in a hundred or two hundred years the problem will work itself out because only time can solve the problem ' ' .
“ I think there is an answer to that myth .
And it is that time is neutral .
It can be used either constructively or destructively .
And I 'm absolutely convinced that the forces of ill - will in our nation , the extreme rightists in our nation , have often used time much more effectively than the forces of good will .
And it may well be that we will have to repent in this generation not merely for the vitriolic words of the bad people and the violent actions of the bad people , but for the appalling silence and indifference of the good people who sit around and say wait on time .
“ Somewhere we must come to see that social progress never rolls in on the wheels of inevitability .
It comes through the tireless efforts and the persistent work of dedicated Individuals .
And without this hard work time itself becomes an ally of the primitive forces of social stagnation .
And so we must help time , and we must realise that the time is always right to do right ' ' .
Wright and King delivered the same message of truth .
Black liberation theology
This political mixture of the Black Christian church and militancy has deep origins in the African - American community .
It is called “ Black liberation theology ' ' .
It is rooted in Black nationalism and the traditions of Black radicalism .
It goes back to the resistance to slavery .
The modern version arose during the civil rights movement .
It basically combines the philosophy of the Black Christian church and Black nationalism .
Supporters of the ideology of Black liberation theology believe that the system can be reformed and Blacks can bring themselves up by the bootstraps and become full equals in US society .
The advocates see a future where the poor can become middle class and CEOs of major corporations ; and , of course , elected US senator or even president of the country — some day .
* * * * Finding this article thought - provoking and useful ?
Please subscribe free at http://www.feedblitz.com/f/?Sub=343373
Help Links stay afloat .
Donate what you can by clicking here .
* * *
One of the main intellectual articulators of the theory is the Reverend James Hal Cone of Arkansas .
As part of his theological analysis , Cone argues for God 's own identification with “ Blackness ' ' .
He explains in A Black Theology of Liberation :
“ The Black theologian must reject any conception of God which stifles Black self - determination by picturing God as a God of all peoples .
Either God is identified with the oppressed to the point that their experience becomes God 's experience , or God is a God of racism ...
The Blackness of God means that God has made the oppressed condition God 's own condition .
This is the essence of the Biblical revelation .
By electing Israelite slaves as the people of God and by becoming the Oppressed One in Jesus Christ , the human race is made to understand that God is known where human beings experience humiliation and suffering ...
Liberation is not an afterthought , but the very essence of divine activity '' ( pp. 63 - 64 ) .
Based on the preeminence of “ Black experience ' ' , Cone defines theology as “ a rational study of the being of God in the world in light of the existential situation of an oppressed community , relating the forces of liberation to the essence of the gospel , which is Jesus Christ ' ' .
Cone 's theology asks ( and seeks to answer ) the question , “ What does the Christian gospel have to say to powerless Black men whose existence is threatened daily by the insidious tentacles of white power ? ”
His answer emphasises that there is a very close relationship between Black theology and what has been termed “ Black Power ' ' .
Black power is a phrase that represents both Black freedom and Black self - determination “ wherein Black people no longer view themselves as without human dignity but as men , human beings with the ability to carve out their own destiny ' ' .
Cone says Black theology is the religious counterpart of Black power .
“ Black Theology is the theological arm of Black Power , and Black Power is the political arm of Black Theology ' ' .
And “ while Black Power focuses on the political , social , and economic condition of Black people , Black Theology puts Black identity in a theological context ' ' .
Black nationalists ( self - identified or not ; few are today ) — whether of the Booker T. Washington philosophy of seeking to reform the system , or the more militant Black power ideology of Marcus Garvey and the 1960s followers of Malcolm X — all argued that Blacks must pull themselves up and stand on their own two feet .
Wright 's United Church of Christ congregation includes middle - class Blacks like Obama but in the majority are poor and working class .
Reverend Wright speaks to the reality of Black history and the subtle and actual racism that his typical church goer has experienced .
His sermons are mainstream , and not anti-American — or against capitalism .
He is a “ patriot ' ' , as Obama described ; but he is the Black American version , who serves as a medic for the marines , fights the wars and comes home to face racial discrimination !
To Reverend Wright there is no contradiction in condemning real racism and urging Blacks to take more personal responsibility for the problems of their community .
This is not “ radical ” or “ hate ” speech .
His criticisms are based on hard facts , not make - believe or white liberal conservative views of patriotism .
It 's that understanding that enables him to make the comparison between the US empire today and that of the Roman era .
In Wright 's speech before the National Press Club , he identifed himself with Black liberation theology and pointed out that the attack on Obama and him by the corporate media and others is in reality an attack on the Black community .
Barack Obama , the former Chicago community organiser , learned his roots as a Black man at his wife 's church .
He learned his internationalist outlook from his white mother , who worked among the poor in Indonesia .
But he is not an advocate of Black liberation theology even though he listened to Wright for 20 years .
That 's why he can say he never heard Wright speak the words he did last December .
He did , and probably nodded in agreement — but as a mainstream presidential candidate with a chance of winning the presidency , of course , he must disassociate from Wright .
Those who expect otherwise are not realistic .
The way he did so , by rejecting but not throwing Wright under the bus , was a nod to his youthful base and recognition of his historical roots in the Black community .
Obama is obviously aware of what is called the “ Bradley effect ” , where a certain percentage of whites will never vote for an African American as president .
( The Bradley factor refers to Tom Bradley , the African - American former mayor of Los Angeles , who had a double digit lead in the 1982 California governor 's election days before the vote .
He then narrowly lost due to racial dynamics — whites telling pollsters one thing , and voting the opposite . )
Barack Obama is also a strong proponent of modern - day Black capitalism .
He told Business Week ( April 14 issue ) that , “ My opponents to the right like to paint me as this wild - eyed liberal .
But I believe in the market .
I believe in entrepreneurship '' .
( Civil rights leader Jesse Jackson is one of most prominent advocates of the market system and Black capitalism .
The concept of Black capitalism has evolved over the decades .
It used to mean advocating an independent “ Black economy ” —- tied to the nationalist goal of “ Black control of the Black community ” — tapping the US $ 800 billion spent by African Americans within the US economy .
Today it means striving and believing it is possible to become a capitalist like Bill Gates . )
Ironically , there has been more success in gaining a foothold in big business than in the political arena where Obama is the only Black in the US Senate .
Several African Americans have become heads of major corporations .
Forty years ago there were none .
African American Stanley O'Neil , for example , was CEO of Merrill Lynch , one of the largest investment firms on Wall Street .
His grandfather had been a slave .
Since the decline of the civil rights and Black power movements in the 1970s , the conservative pro-big business wing dominates the discussion on improving the lives of African Americans .
Traditional Black nationalism , including those who reject “ Black capitalism ' ' , has few advocates today .
What next ?
If Obama happens to get the Democratic nomination and wins the presidency it can sharpen the debates even more .
That 's good for society .
The real test is yet to come when the Republican right launches its inevitable race - baiting .
To this point , the integration of elite African Americans in business , media , the military and politics has made that less effective .
The most interesting aspect about the Obama campaign for me , and what should be for those on the left of the political spectrum , is the mass consciousness unfolding in front of our eyes in support of a “ colour blind ” or non-racial society .
It is evident in all 50 states where “ race does not matter ” the way it did in the past .
Obama 's speech on race , and more importantly his campaign , has initiated a broad discussion about US history including its violence , racist past and why young people need to engage in politics .
It could not happen if that change in attitudes were n't taking place .
The left in particular should resist a sectarian response towards this unique mass phenomenon for Obama .
The critical choice is n't about voting for Obama , or even a third party alternative .
Progressive political consciousness at the end of the day is not primarily an intellectual transformation .
For most , it occurs by joining struggles to end wars and occupations like Iraq and Afghanistan , fighting racism and ending economic inequalities .
I for one think it is important to critically embrace those backing Obama 's campaign .
It is not a betrayal of socialist principles to do so .
[ Malik Miah is editor of the US socialist magazine Against the Current , where this article first appeared .
He is a supporter of the US socialist organisation Solidarity . ]
In an interesting twist to the massive wave of foreclosures in residential mortgages , a Condo Association Seeks Foreclosure On Wells Fargo .
The Residences at the Bath Club Condominium Association in Miami Beach is pressing a foreclosure action against Wells Fargo as trustee for an investment pool that owns the mortgage on a unit that is n’t paying its maintenance fees .
The lender owes $ 32,252 in late maintenance fees on the unit it took back more than a year ago .
Determining exactly who is on the hook is itself difficult .
The original mortgage was issued by Mortgage Loan Specialists of Irvine , Calif .
A spokeswoman for Wells Fargo said it was only the trustee for the bondholders who invested in a securitized mortgage pool .
The servicer of the loan is Impac Funding Corp. of Irvine , Calif. , which shares the name with the company that issued the mortgage - backed securities and is also named in the foreclosure suit , Impac Secured Assets Corp .
The lender needs to come up with the past due maintenance fees by Friday morning or it could lose the oceanfront condo in a foreclosure auction .
The unit sold for $ 1.45 million during the height of the condo boom , according to Miami - Dade County property records .
“ An association foreclosing on a bank ? ” asked Bill Raphan , who runs the Fort Lauderdale branch of Florida ’s Office of the Condominium Ombudsman .
“ I ca n’t say I have heard that before .
It will create an interesting precedent .
Associations often complain lenders do n’t pay their dues . ”
Attorney Ken Direktor , who leads Becker & Poliakoff ’s community association practice , said he encourages his lawyers to aggressively go after lenders who fail to pay association fees .
If Unit 901 sells on Friday , the association will recover the $ 32,252 , including legal fees .
Wells Fargo would keep the rest of the sale ’s proceeds .
“ We increasingly see banks reluctant to take control of a unit , ” said Breitner , with The Barthet Firm in Miami .
“ They would rather keep a unit in limbo and wait until the market comes back . ”
To Scroll Thru My Recent Post List
Belgian Horror over Budweiser Takeover Proposal
For immediate release : STELLLAAAAA
( ACPA - Bruges ) Belgians today reacted in shock and horror at the news that National Brewer InBev has made an unsolicited bid to purchase Anheuser - Busch and its Budweiser products .
With more than 450 magnificent craft beers , Belgium has been known world - over for centuries as the home of quality beer .
Now there are fears that their long established reputation may be irreparably damaged by association with a beer as awful as Budweiser .
" It 's really a soda not a beer , " said Jean Christophe Flanders , while sipping a Westvleteren Trappist Ale , poured in a glass specially designed to accentuate the taste .
" Look they drink it straight out of those awful cans , unless they happen to have a red plastic cup to pour it into , maybe even with ice , " he added , struggling to hold back a retch .
In a demonstration as spontaneous as the fermentation that produces Lambic , hundreds of beer lovers boated along the canals of Bruges to Burg Square and then marched to the Haklve Maan brewery , where a rally heard speakers denounce the proposed alliance .
Websites have sprung up across Belgium opposing the deal as being , " against the National Interest " and the Prime Minister is hoping to holds talks with Republican Gov. Matt Blunt of Missouri , to see if he can be persuaded to speak out against the deal .
Barely able to hide his desperation the Belgian leader pleaded , " I know the US economy is in turmoil and they need the investment , but could n't they maybe sell it to the Chinese instead ? "
Meanwhile , the Brussels Beer Festival is considered to be at risk as beer lovers worldwide put their travel plans on hold while they wait for the outcome of the transatlantic beer war .
Also read about Atheist Sees Image of Big Bang in Slice of Toast
Sweden 's New Anti-Terrorism Communications Law
Iraq War a Clerical Error
China Prepares for Low Quality Olympic Tourists
Click here for all our Satire News Stories
Thanks for visiting !
Police officer Jim Keyzer , the leader and key witness in the Pirate Bay investigation , has returned to his job at the police 's IT crime unit after being employed by Warner Bros. for several months .
Warner Bros now admits Keyzer was working for them while he was leading the Pirate Bay investigation .
The Pirate Bay case is scheduled to go to court a few months from now , but the controversy surrounding it has started building up like some Hollywood plot .
Sydsvenskan.se reports today that
Prosecutor HÃ¥kan Roswall was contacted by a lawyer working for Warner recently .
The lawyer announced that he wanted to disclose the circumstances behind the hiring of policeman Jim Keyzer .
Roswall and Warner Bros. now admit what we already reported back in April .
Police IT forensics specialist Jim Keyzer started working for the movie studio before the Pirate Bay investigation was closed .
Keyzer has now terminated his leave of absence , and is back with the IT Crime Unit in Stockholm .
This contradicts an earlier statement from Warner Bros. , as they initially denied that Keyzer was not employed or paid by the movie studio while he was still working on the case .
This new information could have serious implications for the upcoming Pirate Bay trial .
Peter Sunde , one of Pirate Bay ’s founders told TorrentFreak in a response : “ I think it ’s obvious that he has been working for them for a longer time during the investigation .
Also , the MPA lawyer Monique Wasted has told the newspapers that Jim was hired because he did a good job for them . ”
The Pirate Bay crew was not amused by Keyzer ’s actions , and filed a complaint .
Three weeks ago we reported that “ at least ” three complaints had been filed , including an alleged attempt to bribe the police .
“ I hope the police will take the matter really seriously and fire him from his job .
He cannot work for the police after being paid by the anti-pirates for doing anti-pirate work , when that is part of his job at the police , ” Sunde said .
The Pirate Bay trial is scheduled to start later this year , and it is likely that The Pirate Bay ’s lawyers will use Keyzer ’s employment at Warner Bros. to raise questions about the objectivity of the investigation .
ForkenCycle : dirt cheap , DIY electric motorcycle made from forklift parts
What would you do if the company you work for says you can have – for free – a worn out battery powered forklift that ’s collecting dust in the corner of a warehouse ?
If you ’re Russ Gries you ’d say , “ dirt cheap , home - built electric motorcycle , here I come ! ”
Well , that ’s exactly what happened to Gries , so he immediately put the word out that he was looking for a dead motorcycle to host the forklift guts .
Before long , a tip from a friend led him to a classic , deceased 1976 Honda CB550 , which he picked up for the princely sum of $ 50 .
And then he got down to work .
So far Gries , who works as a controls technician in Evansville , Indiana and who “ loves to tinker ” , has put about 120 hours into the project he ’s nicknamed “ Voltzilla ” .
Just a week ago he had the machine out for its first test run ( see the video , below ) .
He got it up to 35 mph , and with a planned drive pulley swap , he ’s aiming for a 60 - 65 mph top speed .
Motorcycling is n’t new to Gries : “ I had a Kawasaki KZ650 that I just could not keep running and it was frustrating .
The gas motorcycle was just not my kind of fun . ”
His latest bike could n’t be more different from the clunky Kawi that inspired the gas - free Voltzilla project .
And you just have to talk to him to tell he ’s definitely having fun with the electric conversion .
He ’s laughing all the way to the bank , too .
Not counting his time , his net cost so far is $ 15.61 .
( No , that ’s not a typo . )
That represents about $ 350 spent on parts , minus an almost equal refund from the scrap dealer for recycling the forklift chassis .
( Obviously it helps when the forklift itself was gratis . )
Unique from other motorcycles conversions …
Aside from the bargain basement build cost , “ Voltzilla ” has other unique specifications that set it apart from typical motorcycle conversions :
it ’s running at 24 volts – the voltage of the forklift components ( most other conversions are higher voltage , more commonly 48 v and up )
the transmission was retained , because Gries wanted the flexibility of variable gearing for the hills where he lives ( most other converted bikes are direct drive from the motor to the rear sprocket )
the forklift had reverse … so the motorbike has it too !
battery selection : four used 6 volt 220 amp hour golf cart batteries ( most other conversions use much more compact , lower capacity types )
With its heavy forklift components and honking big batteries , the bike tips the scales at a portly 740 lbs , minus the rider .
But Gries insists handling is not a problem : “ it ’s balanced like a scooter .
It has a low center of gravity .
I love it ! ”
And while the front batteries may appear at first glance to be a potential problem in cornering , they ’re mounted within the stock highway bars , so the bike ’s maximum lean angle is no worse than it was in gas - burning configuration .
It ’s almost , but not quite finished …
Gries ’ ultimate goal for Voltzilla is to get himself back and forth to work , 12 miles each way .
In addition to the drive cog swap that will get the higher speeds he ’s after , there ’s still a bit of work to do before it ’s ready ( and legal ) :
front brake rebuild
speedometer fix
DC / DC converter , to run the bike ’s 12 v system ( lights , horn , etc. ) from the 24v pack
make up covers / panels for the electronics
disassemble , clean & paint & reassemble ( it ’s got to look nice , after all , since it ’s getting so much attention ! )
While it ’s unlikely the $ 15 net cost is going to hold , it ’s still an impressive project – and a resourceful demonstration of reduce , reuse & “ re-cycle ” .
When Voltzila is officially on the road , a follow - up with Russ is definitely in order .
Video : First test ride …
Photo slideshow of the build progress …
Trend spotting …
I ’m not sure if VoltZilla is evidence of a budding trend , but it ’s just the latest example of using a worn out forklift to build a cheap road going EV .
EG .
there ’s this $ 672 electric car , and also this 1996 Metro conversion in progress .
I have a feeling we ’ll see more reincarnated forklifts in the future .
For more info about the ForkenCycle / VoltZilla …
– Reach Russ Gries via the comments below his video on YouTube .
– Get more information about the project in the EM forum thread : ForkenCycle !
( Dirt cheap forklift based motorbike conversion )
– For more electric action , check out the EcoModder.com Forums !
– If you liked this post , sign up for out RSS Feed for automatic updates .
Popularity : 13 % [ ?]
Around the world , protests against soaring food and fuel prices are mounting .
The poor – and even the middle classes – are seeing their incomes squeezed as the global economy enters a slowdown .
Politicians want to respond to their constituents ' legitimate concerns , but do not know what to do .
In the United States , both Hillary Clinton and John McCain took the easy way out , and supported a suspension of the gasoline tax , at least for the summer .
Only Barack Obama stood his ground and rejected the proposal , which would have merely increased demand for gasoline – and thereby offset the effect of the tax cut .
But if Clinton and McCain were wrong , what should be done ?
One can not simply ignore the pleas of those who are suffering .
In the US , real middle - class incomes have not yet recovered to the levels attained before the last recession in 1991 .
When George Bush was elected , he claimed that tax cuts for the rich would cure all the economy 's ailments .
The benefits of tax - cut - fuelled growth would trickle down to all – policies that have become fashionable in Europe and elsewhere , but that have failed .
Tax cuts were supposed to stimulate savings , but household savings in the US have plummeted to zero .
They were supposed to stimulate employment , but labour force participation is lower than in the 1990s .
What growth did occur benefited only the few at the top .
Productivity grew , for a while , but it was n't because of Wall Street financial innovations .
The financial products being created did n't manage risk ; they enhanced risk .
They were so non-transparent and complex that neither Wall Street nor the ratings agencies could properly assess them .
Meanwhile , the financial sector failed to create products that would help ordinary people manage the risks they faced , including the risks of home ownership .
Millions of Americans will likely lose their homes and , with them , their life savings .
At the core of America 's success is technology , symbolised by Silicon Valley .
The irony is that the scientists making the advances that enable technology - based growth , and the venture capital firms that finance it were not the ones reaping the biggest rewards in the heyday of the real estate bubble .
These real investments are overshadowed by the games that have been absorbing most participants in financial markets .
The world needs to rethink the sources of growth .
If the foundations of economic growth lie in advances in science and technology , not in speculation in real estate or financial markets , then tax systems must be realigned .
Why should those who make their income by gambling in Wall Street 's casinos be taxed at a lower rate than those who earn their money in other ways ?
Capital gains should be taxed at least at as high a rate as ordinary income .
( Such returns will , in any case , get a substantial benefit because the tax is not imposed until the gain is realised . )
In addition , there should be a windfall profits tax on oil and gas companies .
Given the huge increase in inequality in most countries , higher taxes for those who have done well – to help those who have lost ground from globalisation and technological change – are in order , and could also ameliorate the strains imposed by soaring food and energy prices .
Countries , like the US , with food stamp programmes , clearly need to increase the value of these subsidies in order to ensure that nutrition standards do not deteriorate .
Those countries without such programmes might think about instituting them .
Two factors set off today 's crisis : the Iraq war contributed to the run-up in oil prices , including through increased instability in the Middle East , the low - cost provider of oil , while biofuels have meant that food and energy markets are increasingly integrated .
Although the focus on renewable energy sources is welcome , policies that distort food supply are not .
America 's subsidies for corn - based ethanol contribute more to the coffers of ethanol producers than they do to curtailing global warming .
Huge agriculture subsidies in the US and the European Union have weakened agriculture in the developing world , where too little international assistance was directed at improving agriculture productivity .
Development aid for agriculture has fallen from a high of 17 % of total aid to just 3 % today , with some international donors demanding that fertiliser subsidies be eliminated , making it even more difficult for cash - strapped farmers to compete .
Rich countries must reduce , if not eliminate , distortional agriculture and energy policies , and help those in the poorest countries improve their capacity to produce food .
But this is just a start : we have treated our most precious resources – clean water and air – as if they were free .
Only new patterns of consumption and production – a new economic model – can address that most fundamental resource problem .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- Sen. Hillary Clinton formally ended her presidential campaign Saturday , saying to a packed house of thousands of supporters , " I will continue to stand strong with you every time , every place and every way that I can . "
Sen . Hillary Cllinton thanks her supporters Saturday in a speech in which she endorsed Sen. Barack Obama .
She urged the cheering crowd to support Illinois Sen. Barack Obama , the presumptive Democratic nominee , in his bid for the White House , saying she and supporters should " take our energy , our passion and our strength and do all we can to help elect Barack Obama ... I ask all of you to join me in working as hard for Barack Obama as you have for me . "
Her endorsement was met with a scattering of boos and thumbs downs from the crowd at the National Building Museum in Washington .
Clinton 's campaign said 6,000 people signed up on the New York senator 's Web site to attend the speech .
Watch Clinton endorse Obama »
Shortly after the speech , Obama released a statement praising Clinton 's presidential run .
The Next President CNN examines the two nominees for president .
Who are they , and how do they plan to get elected ?
Sat & Sun , 8 p.m. ET see full schedule »
" Obviously , I am thrilled and honored to have Sen. Clinton 's support .
But more than that , I honor her today for the valiant and historic campaign she has run .
She shattered barriers on behalf of my daughters and women everywhere , who now know that there are no limits to their dreams .
And she inspired millions with her strength , courage and unyielding commitment to the cause of working Americans . "
Obama watched the speech over the Internet , a campaign aide said .
He put in a call to Clinton afterward but was told by a Clinton assistant that she was speaking with supporters .
During her speech , Clinton encouraged party unity , acknowledging that the fight has been hard , but saying " the Democratic Party is a family , and now it 's time to restore the ties that bind us together . "
Watch more of Clinton 's speech »
" To all those who voted for me , my commitment to you is unyielding .
You have inspired and touched me .
You have humbled me with your commitment , " she said .
" Eighteen million of you from all walks of life -- women , and men , young and old , Latino and Asian , African - American and Caucasian , rich and poor , middle - class , gay and straight ... you have stood with me , " she said .
Clinton has battled Obama in a primary season that stretched over nearly 18 months and 57 contests , culminating in Obama 's winning the 2,118 delegates needed to clinch the party 's nomination Tuesday .
A Clinton supporter told Gloria Borger , a CNN senior political analyst , shortly after the rousing speech that " this was the Hillary I worked with and supported .
I suspect I 'll never understand why this Hillary was n't visible more often . "
Interactive : Analysts weigh in on Clinton 's speech »
Clinton noted that both she and Obama had made history in their campaigns .
" When I was asked what it means to be a woman running for president , I always gave the same answer : I was proud to be running as a women , but I was running because I thought I 'd be the best president , " she said .
" But I am a woman , and like millions of women , I know that there are still barriers and biases out there , often unconscious .
And I want to build an America that respects and embraces the potential of every last one of us .
" We must make sure that women and men alike understand the struggles of their grandmothers and their mothers and that women enjoy equal pay and equal respect , " she said .
" Let us resolve and work toward achieving some very simple propositions :
There are no acceptable limits and there are no acceptable prejudices in the 21st century in our country . "
" I wish she was going on the ticket instead , " one supporter said .
" But I think she 's making a good stand down .
She 's a lady .
She 's doing it well . "
Clinton was accompanied by her husband , former President Clinton ; their daughter , Chelsea ; and her mother , Dorothy Rodham .
CNN contributor Donna Brazile , Al Gore 's campaign manager in the 2000 election , offered a strong message for the Illinois senator .
" The work begins tomorrow for Sen .
Obama to go out there , rally her supporters , earn their respect and win with them this November , " she said .
Clinton said that as she spoke , America 's 50th woman in space was orbiting Earth in the space shuttle Discovery .
If the nation can put 50 women in space , it can launch a woman into the White House , she said to loud cheers .
" Although we were n't able to shatter this highest , hardest glass ceiling this time , thanks to you , it 's got about 18 million cracks in it , and the light is shining through like never before , " she said .
Watch Clinton discuss the race »
" It is this belief and optimism that Sen. Obama and I share , " Clinton said , " that has inspired so many millions of supporters to make their voices heard .
So today , I am standing with Sen.
Obama to say , ' Yes , we can . ' "
A CNN poll released Friday shows that the party is divided after a primary season that stretched over nearly 18 months and 57 contests .
Sixty percent of Clinton supporters said they would vote for Obama , but 17 percent said they would vote for Sen.
John McCain , the presumptive Republican nominee and Obama 's rival in the general election .
Nearly one - quarter , 22 percent , said they would not vote at all if Clinton were not the Democrats ' nominee .
The poll 's margin of error was plus or minus 7.5 percentage points .
The poll was conducted after Obama clinched the Democratic nomination Tuesday .
Watch Suzanne Malveaux talk about what 's next for the candidates »
Democratic voters appear to like an Obama - Clinton ticket .
A CNN poll released Friday suggested that nearly half of Democrats , 54 percent , would support a joint ticket , but 43 percent would oppose it .
The poll 's margin of error was plus or minus 4.5 percentage points .
The Clinton camp made it widely known that she would accept the No. 2 slot if it were offered , but the push was viewed as putting undue pressure on Obama to pick his former rival .
CNN 's Mark Preston , Sasha Johnson , Candy Crowley , Scott J. Anderson and Ed Hornick contributed to this report .
All About Hillary Clinton • Barack Obama • John McCain
In Millennium Challenge 2002 , a $ 250 million war game designed to test the new technologies and concepts of transformation and network - centric warfare — in which U.S. forces are data - linked with one another as never before — Lt. Gen .
Paul Van Riper , former president of the Marine Corps University , was asked to command the " enemy " forces .
In the first days of that mock battle , he used unconventional methods , including a preemptive attack that featured air - , sea- , and ground - launched cruise missiles to sink 16 American ships .
After the American forces decided to refloat the ships and restart the game , Van Riper stepped aside from his role , contending that the rest of the game was scripted for American victory .
In this interview , Van Riper explains the peril of placing too much faith in technology at the expense of a deeper understanding of the nature of war .
( For another view on transformation , see Transforming Warfare . )
Technology 's impact NOVA : How has technology changed the nature of war ?
Van Riper :
When I look at any of the modern technology — whether it 's precision - guided munitions , some of the automated command and control , the use of space , the overhead surveillance systems , and so on — I appreciate that technology .
But I try to take a long view .
Look back over the course of history .
There are many moments that could have been called break points because of technology .
People at the time thought the world would be fundamentally different because of that technology .
Gunpowder would be an example .
Use of gas in World War I. Atomic and nuclear weapons .
In reality , the fundamental nature of war has n't changed , wo n't change , and , in fact , ca n't change .
The nature of war was probably best explained and articulated by the Prussian general and theorist Carl von Clausewitz , who wrote the classic On War .
In the book , he lays out the nature of war , which is , first of all , fundamentally uncertain .
There is no way to predict how any war will turn out .
As he said , it has its own dynamics as it unfolds .
You have the element of friction on the battlefield , for example .
You can't account for friction .
It just occurs .
It 's everything from a fuel tank that leaks and causes an airplane or a vehicle not to be able to perform its function , to an accidental discharge that a young soldier makes , to weather conditions .
All of these have an interplay that causes the friction that leads to uncertainty .
So if you understand the fundamental nature of war , you realize that it 's not going to change .
What is changing — in fact , is always changing — is the character and form of war , and the technology is what influences that character and form .
We need to understand that and be careful of it , but it 's not what should drive us .
NOVA : Is n't the current revolution — transformation , network - centric warfare — supposed to change how war is fought ?
Van Riper :
We hear many terms , whether it's " transformation , " " military technical revolution , " " revolution of military affairs , " all indicating something revolutionary has happened that 's going to change warfare .
Nothing has happened that 's going to change the fundamental elements of war .
The nature of war is immutable , though the character and form will change .
The difficulty is that those who put forth this argument believe that something fundamentally has changed , and you can change very quickly without thinking your way through it .
They want to apply the technology without the brainpower .
NOVA : You do n't think that transformation and network - centric warfare are powerful ideas ?
Van Riper :
My experience has been that those who focus on the technology , the science , tend towards sloganeering .
There 's very little intellectual content to what they say , and they use slogans in place of this intellectual content .
It does a great disservice to the American military , the American defense establishment .
" Information dominance , " " network - centric warfare , " " focused logistics " — you could fill a book with all of these slogans .
“ If you lead with the technology , I think you ’re bound to make mistakes . ”
What I see are slogans masquerading as ideas .
In a sense , they make war more antiseptic .
They make it more like a machine .
They do n't understand it 's a terrible , uncertain , chaotic , bloody business .
So they can lead us the wrong way .
They can cause people not to understand this terrible , terrible phenomenon .
NOVA : But technology evolves .
Is it vitally important to continue to pursue new technology ?
Van Riper :
Anyone who understands war would never deny the place of technology .
It has a very prominent place , a very important place .
The American nation needs to invest all that it can afford in new technologies for the military .
It just needs to be very careful that that investment supports an operating idea or concept .
It 's not technology for technology 's sake .
Worst of all would be for technology to lead the military instead of the ideas leading the development of the technology .
The first thing you have to understand is how you plan to fight in the future or in a particular engagement , a particular war .
And once you understand how you 're going to fight , then you bring the technology to it .
If you lead with the technology , I think you 're bound to make mistakes .
NOVA : You 're talking about the difference between the art and the science of war .
Van Riper : Yes .
The art of war and the science of war are not coequal .
The art of war is clearly the most important .
It 's science in support of the art .
Any time that science leads in your ability to think about and make war , I believe you 're headed down a dangerous path .
The art is the thinking .
It is the intellectual underpinnings of war .
It 's understanding the theory and the nature .
It 's understanding how it is you want to bring combat power to bear , and what the operating concepts are .
The science is represented by the weapons .
It 's represented by the ammunition .
It 's represented by the command and control , and by the communications , the space - based systems , for example .
Out of Afghanistan NOVA :
What lessons could be learned from the operation in Afghanistan ?
Was that a new kind of battlefield ?
Van Riper :
In the case of Afghanistan , I saw a unique combination , a new organization , in which special operational forces were working directly with what in the past would have been assets we would have identified as strategic air assets — B - 52 bombers in particular .
You had something nobody had envisioned before .
The forces in theater and on the ground were able to adapt the tactics and techniques they used to what they faced .
That 's the magic of it : not to be locked into some sort of organization , some strict way of how you plan to do things , but to adapt in the face of an enemy .
That was the encouraging thing — not the technology per se , but the ideas about how we 're going to use that technology .
I think one of the fundamental lessons that should have been learned from Afghanistan is the ability to understand another culture .
As Americans we 're sort of arrogant in many , many ways about other cultures .
We do n't study them , we do n't appreciate them .
If we 'd gone in there with units on the ground who did n't appreciate the culture , who could n't immerse themselves in it and adapt to it , we'd have had a lot different outcome than we did .
So if there 's anything we need to look to in the future beyond continuing to develop the technology , it is to understand how we want to fight , and to become much more aware of the various regions and peoples of the world — how they think , how they understand the world , and how we relate to them .
NOVA : What is the response to the new ways America is fighting ?
Van Riper :
If I had watched what happened in Afghanistan and was an enemy of the United States , there are a number of things I would have been concerned about .
And I would have wanted to have prepared myself not to be affected by them .
First , of course , is precision - guided munitions .
It 's clear that if the United States can locate you on the ground and identify you , its ability to take you out is pretty much above 80 or 90 percent .
So how do I avoid being a target ?
There are a number of things you can do in terms of reducing your signatures or disguising who you are .
If you had the means , for instance , you could bring the stealth technology that we 're familiar with in aircraft to equipment on the ground .
It 's unlikely that anyone like Al Qaeda or the Taliban could do that , but some more modern enemies might .
If I could n't do things like that , then I would certainly spread out .
I would n't present a target in one location .
I would take advantage of places where America 's technology does n't work : in the cellars of buildings or in caves , where some of this technology can't see or identify me .
So I would focus on how to reduce my signature and take away the Americans ' ability to surveil and have reconnaissance on my positions .
War is about adapting .
Any potential enemy as well as we , the United States , if we did n't adapt , learn , and evolve from our past experiences , we would be a species or a nation that would not survive .
And any enemy that wants to survive against the United States can't fight like some of our recent enemies have , or they wo n't survive .
“ I think they ’re very shallow .
They are fundamentally flawed .
They have no true intellectual content . ”
But just because the United States has overwhelming forces ( or at least we Americans perceive that it does ) and will for the foreseeable future , should n't make us believe that we 're always going to dominate on that future battlefield .
Many enemies are not frightened by that overwhelming force .
They put their minds to the problem and think through : how can I adapt and avoid that overwhelming force and yet do damage against the United States ?
We 've seen some of that in the latter stages of the war in Iraq , where an enemy that was defeated in a conventional battle is using some of the same techniques that the United States saw in Vietnam .
Critiquing a war game NOVA : The U.S. military has learned some of its techniques in war games like Millennium Challenge 2002 .
What is the overall purpose of a war game ?
Van Riper :
War games are to learn a number of different things .
Depending how they 're designed , you could learn about a particular piece of equipment .
You could learn about a new type of doctrine , the style that you want to incorporate some tactic or technique or procedure .
Or you could have a new operating concept , a brand new idea of how you wanted to fight in the future .
So war games can be for experimenting with new ideas , or they can be practicing current ideas to become more proficient or to gain greater insight into those ideas .
NOVA : What was your experience with Millennium Challenge ?
Van Riper : I had a great deal of concern about the ideas that they were experimenting with in this particular exercise .
I say that because I did n't think the ideas were intellectually worthy of being tested for that sort of money .
Unfortunately , from where I sat , and I think I had a pretty good view , these ideas were never truly tested .
Yet the conclusion drawn at the end of the exercise was that they had been and that they were worthy of adoption by our operating forces .
I think they 're very shallow .
They are fundamentally flawed .
They have no true intellectual content .
And yet they 're being , in my view , foisted on our operational commanders .
I believe there were lessons that could have been learned from Millennium Challenge and applied in Iraq that were n't .
Some of them were lessons that in the actual fighting might not have been lessons we needed ; we learned them but did n't need to use them .
Others we could have used , particularly , for example , in what would be called the low - intensity phase .
That 's the phase of insurgency that we found ourselves in after the supposed end of major combat operations .
There were some things we saw but not in finite detail in Millennium Challenge that might have helped if we'd have thought a little bit more about them before Operation Iraqi Freedom .
NOVA : Was the game rigged ?
Van Riper :
There were accusations that Millennium Challenge was rigged .
I can tell you it was not .
It started out as a free - play exercise , in which both Red and Blue had the opportunity to win the game .
However , about the third or fourth day , when the concepts that the command was testing failed to live up to their expectations , the command then began to script the exercise in order to prove these concepts .
This was my critical complaint .
You might say , " Well , why did n't these concepts live up to the expectations ? "
I think they were fundamentally flawed in that they leaned heavily on technology .
They leaned heavily on systems analysis of decision - making .
NOVA : So do you think Millennium Challenge 2002 was a waste ?
Van Riper : I 'm angered that , in a sense , $ 250 million was wasted .
But I 'm even more angry that an idea that has never been truly validated , that never really went through the crucible of a real experiment , is being exported to our operational forces to use .
What I saw in this particular exercise and the results from it were very similar to what I saw as a young second lieutenant back in the 1960s , when we were taught the systems engineering techniques that Mr. [ Robert ] McNamara [ Secretary of Defense under Presidents John F. Kennedy and Lyndon Johnson ] had implemented in the American military .
We took those systems , which had good if not great utility in the acquisition of weapon systems , to the battlefield , where they were totally inappropriate .
The computers in Saigon said we were winning the war , while out there in the rice paddies we knew damn well we were n't winning the war .
That 's where we went astray , and I see these new concepts potentially being equally as ill - informed and equally dangerous .
NOVA : Part of your victory in Millennium Challenge was based on your knowledge that the U.S. had a preemptive doctrine .
How did you take advantage of that ?
Van Riper :
My belief at the outset of Millennium Challenge was that Blue believed it had a monopoly on preemption , and it would strike first .
And , of course , in any war game I was familiar with up to that point , that had never been the case .
The U.S. had only gone to war as a result of some aggression by an enemy , and so always had to react .
Now that it was announced policy that we reserved the right to do that , the Blue force was going to take full advantage of it and plan to strike first .
“ If it was going to be a fight , I was going to get in the first blow . ”
So I simply stepped back and said , " What advantage is there for Red to wait for Blue to strike ? "
There was none .
And that lead to the natural conclusion that if they 're coming , and we can't persuade them not to diplomatically , then we will strike .
As I looked at an ultimatum that gave me less than 24 hours to respond to what literally was a surrender document , it was clear to me that there was no advantage in any of this diplomacy .
I was very surprised that the Joint Forces Command personnel who had argued for using all of the elements of national power — the economic , the diplomatic , the political information — in some sort of coherent fashion , really came at Red with a blunt military instrument .
So it was clear to me that this was not going to be negotiated , this was going to be a fight .
And if it was going to be a fight , I was going to get in the first blow .
No surrender NOVA : How could the military have planned for Operation Iraqi Freedom differently ?
Van Riper : I have not been surprised by the things that have occurred since late spring , early summer in Iraq .
It 's not because I have any unique insights or had a premonition or understood it better .
But I think I 'm an astute student of history , and if you look at history and understand how people resist , how wars play out , this is not an unusual occurrence .
If you have a war that does n't come to a very definitive conclusion , there are people who do n't believe they 've been defeated .
One thing that we saw in this war , there was no surrender .
There was no point in time where someone in authority said , " The government of Iraq surrenders to the Coalition forces . "
NOVA : There is the famous question of " boots on the ground " — the size of the force that captured Baghdad .
Was the small force size a vindication of transformational concepts ?
Van Riper :
There were sufficient forces to capture Baghdad .
But what we call follow - up forces — exploitation forces and reserves — were not available .
Imagine on the day that we seized Baghdad , if we had follow - up armed forces , exploitation forces , continue up into what we now know as the Sunni Triangle , go into Tikrit , instead of having that long lag time .
If there had been a lot of so - called boots on the ground at the beginning , you might have convinced a lot of people that the war was over at that time .
If you 'd have thought about how you surrounded Baghdad , perhaps you could have caught some of these officials and had somebody who could surrender to you .
Other than the actual attack on Baghdad , it was not very well thought through .
Kelly Ripa and Mark Consuelos HOT Red Carpet Photos
Gorgeousand her hot husbandhit the red carpet on Monday evening at the Jorge Posada Foundation Gala event at the Pierre Hotel in New York City .
The 7th Annual Heroes For Hope Gala was hosted by Manhattan 's ' it ' couple , Ripa and Consuelos , who served as masters of ceremony .
This year 's recipient of the Heroes for Hope Award was George M. Steinbrenner III .
The foundation raises awareness for a congenital birth defect called Craniosynostosis .
The group provides financial assistance to families of children affected by the condition .
The organization partners with a number of medical centers , helping to underwrite costly surgeries .
Kelly 's hair stylist must have been in a edgy mood when she readied Ripa for the event .
Frankly , it did n't in any way diminish Ripa 's totally glam appearance .
Check out more photos of Kelly and Mark below .
Photos : WENN
The Clintons and the ' War on Obama ' Last December , when I first learned via Clinton insiders that their “ oppo ” package would include Barack Obama ’s associations with fiery black preacher Jeremiah Wright and Vietnam War-era radical William Ayers , I shrugged at what sounded to me like sub - standard fare from the dark side of American politics .
Bookmark
Digg Email
Printer friendly
So what if someone ’s minister said some stupid things or that an aging one - time student radical had lent some support to a politician ’s campaign , I thought .
Besides those two themes , Clinton insiders were plotting how to exploit Obama ’s past political ties to indicted real - estate developer Tony Rezko , and they even were hashing over how they might slip in suggestions that Obama ’s dead mother had been a leftist .
( When I heard the “ oppo ” about the dead mother , I really could n’t believe my ears . )
Even then – in December before the first votes had been cast – the Clintons were so caught up in their ambition to return to the White House that they were veering toward the worst aspects of politics , what is generally associated with the American Right and the most ruthless Republican operatives – guilt - by - association , red- baiting , McCarthyism and racial messaging .
The rationale that I heard from the Clinton operatives was that these Obama vulnerabilities would be exploited by the Republicans in the general election , so it was necessary to destroy Obama when there was still time for another Democrat ( i.e. Hillary Clinton ) to be nominated .
But part of me did n’t believe the Clintons would go through with this War on Obama .
I had trouble envisioning people who had been victimized by similar tactics – indeed whom I had defended when they were on the receiving end – resorting to such acts against a fellow Democrat , who by all accounts is a decent fellow and a good family man .
It is now clear , however , that the Clintons did decide to go through with it , “ throwing the kitchen sink ” at Obama , as one Clinton aide explained to the New York Times .
Plus , in doing so , the Clinton camp struck an enemy - of - my - enemy - is - my - friend alliance with some of the same pro-Republican media outlets that Sen.
Clinton had dubbed in the 1990s the “ vast right - wing conspiracy . ”
This alliance of convenience made Hillary Clinton an odd bedfellow with right - wing media mogul Richard Mellon Scaife , Fox News and even Rush Limbaugh , who has been urging Republicans to vote for Sen.
Clinton in the Democratic primaries as a way to block Sen. Obama ’s nomination .
And , with the right - wing media onboard , the mainstream news commentators could be counted on to tag along – which many did .
For instance , when Obama appeared on NBC's " Meet the Press " on May 4 , Tim Russert 's first 12 questions were about Rev. Wright , followed by additional questions about wearing a flag pin and how would Obama " defend or define his patriotism . "
The first question about a substantive issue -- gas prices -- was n't asked until halfway through the hour - long program .
The Clintons also got special help from one of their old advisers , George Stephanopoulos of ABC News , who reprised many of the anti-Obama “ oppo ” themes during a key prime - time debate before the Pennsylvania primary .
[ See Consortiumnews.com ’s “ Are the Clintons Playing Joe McCarthy ? ’ ]
Clinton ’s Comeback
Thanks to these combined forces – and some unforced errors by Obama – some Clinton backers now believe they have a good chance of beating Obama in most of the remaining primaries and snatching the nomination from him .
In this determination to win , the Clintons seem not to care that their “ oppo ” is jabbing at some of America ’s most sensitive sores .
For one , obviously , there ’s the touchy issue of race that Obama tried to play down as he presented himself as a post- racial candidate .
The Clintons – with their background in the racially charged politics of Arkansas – intuitively understand the complexities and subtleties of race - baiting politics , although to their credit , they historically have been on the anti-racist side .
In this case , however , the Clintons appear to have devised a strategy of branding Obama the “ black candidate ” and then building animosity toward him by fanning white unease about this little - known black with the exotic name .
Clinton supporters have dropped comments about his acknowledged drug use as a young man , sent around photos of him in African garb , and referenced his family ties to Muslims .
Most memorably , Bill Clinton likened Obama ’s electoral victory in South Carolina to Jesse Jackson ’s , and more recently , the former President played the role of white victim to reverse discrimination by accusing Obama ’s people of playing the race card on him .
Initially , Democratic polls indicated that the coy racial references had limited effect in “ ghetto - izing ” Obama , who continued to do well with many white demographic groups ( except white middle - aged women , but they were rallying around Hillary Clinton more because of her gender , not against his race ) .
However , the cumulative effect of what the Clinton campaign started calling the “ Obama scandals ” gradually drove a wedge between Obama and many whites , especially working - class Catholics , the so - called “ Reagan Democrats . ”
The Clinton campaign also hit other sore points of American public life , such as the post - 9/11 resistance to view the United States as at fault for anything .
Rev.
Wright represented something of a two - fer .
As an angry black man , he helped further “ ghetto- ize ” Obama , but he also reinforced questions about Obama ’s patriotism with comments about “ chickens coming home to roost ” on 9/11 and incendiary rhetoric about “ God-damn America . ”
After the 9/11 attacks , the last thing many Americans wanted to hear was any suggestion that U.S. foreign policy may have played a role in provoking the attacks .
That was why George W. Bush presented the ludicrous motive for the al - Qaeda suicide attacks as simply that the Islamists “ hate our freedoms . ”
The truth was that al - Qaeda – and many far more rational Middle Easterners – have long resented U.S. interference in their political affairs and U.S. exploitation of their oil resources , with the wealth going disproportionately to a corrupt Arab elite protected by U.S. military and security forces .
But such an analysis was largely off the table as Bush used the post - 9/11 surge in patriotism to lead the American people into a war in Iraq , though that country had nothing to do with the 9/11 attacks .
Wright ’s Rantings
In decrying brutal American policies – from the history of Indian genocide and African slavery to more recent cases like Hiroshima , Vietnam and Iraq – Rev. Wright was making the argument that a just God would not “ bless ” these sorts of actions , but would condemn or “ damn ” them .
Wright also appeared to view himself in the context of an Old Testament prophet , like his namesake Jeremiah who was known for confronting the Israelites with dire warnings about God ’s wrath and impending disasters .
Though it ’s understandable why many Americans would recoil at Rev.
Wright ’s harsh language , it is true that the Bush administration took advantage of their patriotic sentiments to justify a whole range of aggressive acts .
Behind all the flag - waving and the “ freedom fries , ” Bush authorized the torture of prisoners , the unprovoked invasion of Iraq , a sustained assault on the U.S. Constitution , and a massive raid on the U.S. Treasury .
Many Democrats inside Clinton ’s campaign , such as author Sidney Blumenthal , are well aware of how President Bush exploited this patriotism of 9/11 to achieve his extraordinary assertion of Executive power .
In the past , many of these Clinton Democrats also expressed a profound disgust when Bush and his subordinates insinuated that Americans who opposed him were un-American .
Nevertheless , the Clinton campaign sanctioned similar lines of attack on Obama .
Besides the touchy issues of race and 9/11 , the Clinton campaign also saw an opening in the old wound of the Vietnam War .
During that long conflict , U.S. politicians injected massive American firepower into the midst of an anti-colonial war that had evolved into a civil war between rival Vietnamese factions .
Millions of Indochinese and some 58,000 American soldiers died in the conflict .
The historical evidence now shows that President Lyndon Johnson ’s decisions were driven , in part , by fear that he would be blamed for “ losing Indochina ” much as Sen .
Joe McCarthy blamed an earlier generation of Democrats for “ losing China . ”
In the 1960s , the U.S. government also viewed communism as a monolith , failing to appreciate the coming Sino - Soviet split or the nationalism that inspired much of the Vietnamese resistance to French and then American domination .
As President Johnson pushed forward into the bloody Vietnam quagmire , the American people also splintered into angry factions , some backing the war and some doing what they could to end it .
In 1967 , the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. threw his moral weight on the anti-war side , calling the United States “ the greatest purveyor of violence in the world today . ”
Honest Doubts Few Americans who lived through that difficult era ( if they are being honest with themselves ) would say that their reactions to the war were perfect .
Some soldiers returned angry at what their government had made them do ; many parents whose sons died questioned whether the sacrifice was worth it ; anti-war protesters engaged in excesses both in language and in deed ; politicians faulted their lack of courage and foresight .
Some young people reacted to the violence in Vietnam – and the refusal of the U.S. government to stop the war – by turning to anarchy or trying to “ bring the war home ” through violent acts within the United States .
William Ayers was such a person , joining the Weather Underground and backing its domestic bombing campaign .
When I first heard about the Clinton campaign ’s “ oppo ” plans last December , the “ Ayers theme ” was already in the mix ( along with Rev. Wright and Obama ’s mother ) , all supposedly raising doubts about Obama ’s patriotism .
To this day , Ayers , now an aging college professor living in Chicago , remains unrepentant about his overall Vietnam - era stand , although he admits regretting some of his actions and acknowledges errors in his thinking .
Clearly , however , Obama had nothing to do with Ayers ’s behavior during the Vietnam War when Obama was still a child .
Ayers did support Obama ’s early candidacy for the state senate and did serve with Obama on the Woods Fund of Chicago , a philanthropy that supports anti-poverty efforts .
But it was stretch to suggest that a tenuous connection to Ayers implicated Obama in Ayers ’s actions during the Vietnam War or his lack of remorse .
Nevertheless , the Clinton operatives did their best to push this theme .
When the Ayers theme failed to catch on with the major news media at the start of the primary season , Clinton surrogates did n’t give up .
They took the attack line to right - wing talk radio and the Internet where it was kept alive .
Among others , Fox News ’ Sean Hannity demanded that Obama be pressed on questions about Ayers .
Debate Payoff
The Clinton campaign ’s doggedness paid off on at the April 16 debate in Philadelphia when ABC News moderator George Stephanopoulos framed the Ayers question much as the Clinton campaign and the right - wing media have , suggesting some dangerous association between Obama and a mad bomber .
Stephanopoulos even depicted Ayers as someone who had taken pleasure in the 9/11 attacks , saying : “ In fact , on 9/11 he was quoted in the New York Times saying , ‘ I do n’t regret setting bombs ; I feel we did n’t do enough . ’ ”
Obama was left protesting how the ABC moderators were conducting a debate largely devoid of policy substance and focused on silly distractions .
“ The notion that somehow as a consequence of me knowing somebody who engaged in detestable acts 40 years ago when I was 8 years old , somehow reflects on me and my values does n’t make much sense , George , ” Obama responded .
“ So this kind of game , in which anybody who I know , regardless of how flimsy the relationship is , is somehow – somehow their ideas could be attributed to me – I think the American people are smarter than that .
They ’re not going to suggest somehow that that is reflective of my views , because it obviously is n’t . ”
At this point , Sen .
Clinton could have demurred , but instead chose to pile on .
( After all , her campaign has been flogging this theme for months behind the scenes . )
She also could n’t resist pushing the 9/11 hot button .
“ If I ’m not mistaken , that relationship with Mr. Ayers on this [ Woods Fund of Chicago ] board continued after 9/11 and after his reported comments , which were deeply hurtful to people in New York , and I would hope to every American , because they were published on 9/11 and he said he was just sorry they had n’t done more .
And what they did was set bombs and in some instances people died , ” Clinton said .
In their comments , both Clinton and Stephanopoulos led viewers to believe that Ayers had either hailed the 9/11 attacks or used the 9/11 tragedy as a ghoulish opportunity to suggest that more bombings were desirable .
But that was n’t true .
The offensive comment that Clinton and Stephanopoulos referred to was from an interview about a memoir that Ayers published earlier in 2001 .
The comment was included in a New York Times article that appeared in the newspaper ’s Sept. 11 , 2001 , edition .
As Sen. Clinton and Stephanopoulos surely knew , that edition went to press on Sept. 10 , hours before the 9/11 attacks .
In other words , the Ayers comment had no relationship to the 9/11 attacks .
What Clinton and Stephanopoulos did was what lawyers refer to as “ prejudicial ” – they introduced an emotional component , 9/11 , in a deceptive way to elicit a visceral reaction from those listening .
After the debate , the New York Times published a fact - checking article that noted the time discrepancy between Ayers ’s comment and 9/11 : “ Mr. Ayers did not make the remarks after the attacks on the World Trade Center that day .
The interview had been conducted earlier , in connection with a memoir that he had published , Fugitive Days , and he was referring to his experience in the Weather Underground . ”
[ New York Times , April 17 , 2008 ]
During the debate , in response to Sen .
Clinton ’s piling on , Obama pointed out that her husband had done more for ex-members of the Weather Underground than he had .
“ By Sen . Clinton ’s own vetting standards , I do n’t think she would make it , since President Clinton pardoned or commuted the sentences of two members of the Weather Underground , which I think is a slightly more significant act , ” Obama said .
But Sen. Clinton clearly had gotten the better of Obama at the debate .
With Obama reeling under the negative attacks , Clinton rolled to a near 10 - percentage point win in Pennsylvania and polls began to show that more voters had poor opinions of Obama .
Ties to Radicals Ironically , however , the Clintons appear to have much closer ties to Vietnam War -era radicals and old - time leftists than Obama does , even as they press this line of attack against him .
Journalist Carl Bernstein – who wrote a biography of Sen. Clinton entitled A Woman in Charge – noted in an article at HuffingtonPost.com that some political observers have criticized the Clinton campaign ’s use of Ayers against Obama as “ McCarthyism ” and “ guilt by association . ”
Bernstein then added : “ Whatever name it is called , Hillary Clinton , perhaps better than any contemporary political figure of our time , knows the insidious nature of this kind of guilt by association , for she ( like Bill Clinton ) has been a victim of it herself over a political lifetime .
” Precisely because she knows the destructive power of such assertions and how unfair they can be , she has sought for a quarter - century to hide and minimize her own activities , associations , student fascination , and personal history with the radical Left .
Those associations -- logical , explicable , and ( her acolytes have always maintained ) even character - building in the context of the times -- are far more extensive than any radical past that has come to be known about Barack Obama .
” Which raises the question :
Is the Clinton campaign 's emphasis on the Ayers - Obama connection significantly different or less spurious than the familiar ( McCarthyite ? ) smears against Hillary , particularly those promulgated and disseminated by the forces she labeled ‘ the vast right - wing conspiracy ’ in the 1990s ? ”
However one answers Bernstein ’s question , it remains an extraordinary fact that Hillary Clinton ’s ambition to be President has overwhelmed any qualms about the hypocrisy of her campaign using McCarthy - like tactics against Barack Obama .
For a political couple criticized in the past for “ doing or saying anything to get elected , ” the Clintons seem determined to prove their critics right .
Robert Parry broke many of the Iran - Contra stories in the 1980s for the Associated Press and Newsweek .
His latest book , Neck Deep : The Disastrous Presidency of George W. Bush , was written with two of his sons , Sam and Nat , and can be ordered at neckdeepbook.com .
His two previous books , Secrecy & Privilege : The Rise of the Bush Dynasty from Watergate to Iraq and Lost History : Contras , Cocaine , the Press & ' Project Truth ' are also available there .
Or go to Amazon.com .
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
( CNN ) -- Sen. Barack Obama is bracing for the general election fight , and conservatives are likely to throw some jabs at his wife , Michelle Obama , as well .
Sen . Barack Obama has told critics to " lay off my wife , " Michelle Obama .
Conservatives view the presumptive Democratic nominee 's wife as a target of opportunity .
But one Republican consultant said attacks on candidates ' wives often backfire .
" Considering there are so many issues -- legitimate issues -- that you can use on Barack Obama , to attack his wife to me is sheer utter stupidy of the highest level , " said Stephen Marks , a Republican strategist .
" Mr. Obama is going to come to his wife 's defense , and it 's going to humanize both of them . "
Michelle Obama was widely criticized on conservative blogs when she said " For the first time in my adult lifetime , I am really proud of my country " at an appearance on behalf of her husband in Milwaukee , Wisconsin , in February .
The Obama campaign said Michelle Obama 's comment reflected her excitement about the grass - roots support her husband is receiving , but conservatives said the statement raised questions about her patriotism .
Cindy McCain , the wife of presumptive Republican presidential nominee Sen. John McCain , also took a shot at Michelle Obama , saying , " I am proud of my country .
I do n't know about you , if you heard those words earlier .
I am very proud of my country . "
In May , the Tennessee Republican Party used video of Michelle Obama 's comments in a TV ad that aired during one of her husband 's campaign stops in the state .
The ad features Tennesseans saying why they are proud of America while repeatedly cutting to Michelle Obama 's comments .
The Obama campaign called the ad " shameful , " and it was condemned by the state 's two Republican U.S. senators .
After his wife 's comments were criticized , Barack Obama said Michelle did not mean what she said .
" Statements like this are made , and people try to take it out of context and make a great big deal out of it , and that is n't at all what she meant , " he told San Antonio radio station WOAI in February .
" What she meant was , this is the first time that she 's been proud of the politics of America , " he said .
" Because she 's pretty cynical about the political process , and with good reason , and she 's not alone .
But she has seen large numbers of people get involved in the process , and she 's encouraged . "
Republican strategists say the wife of the Democratic presidential nominee is fair game .
" There is less information about him to temper her comments against , so what she says represents something a lot more important than perhaps other candidates in the past who have had a longer track record , " said Rachel Marsden , a Republican strategist .
The issue of Michelle Obama as a potential liability made simultaneous headlines on both coasts , with articles in both The New York Times and the Los Angeles Times .
The newspapers pointed to relentless online rumor mills , criticism on conservative blogs and articles in conservative magazines , like the National Review , critical of Michelle Obama .
Watch how the Obama campaign is fighting Internet rumors »
New York Times columnist Maureen Dowd wrote that the backlash against Michelle Obama , who is black , was a " good preview of how Republicans will attack Michelle , suggesting that she does not share American values , mining a subtext of race . "
The potential first lady appears to be bracing for what may lie ahead .
" We 're trusting that the American voters are ready to talk about the issues and not talking about things that have nothing to do with making people 's lives better , " Michelle Obama told ABC News during a joint interview in May .
But Barack Obama quickly added , " I also think these folks should lay off my wife . "
It 's advice the opposition might want to heed , Marks said .
You only have to look back to 1992 , when then - Gov. Bill Clinton stood up to critics of his wife , to see how an attack on a politician 's spouse can quickly boomerang , Marks said .
Clinton later went on to win the Democratic nomination that year -- and the presidency .
All About Michelle Obama • Barack Obama • Cindy McCain • John McCain
Storm knocks out Euros TV
VIENNA , Austria ( AP ) 
The end of Germany 's 3 - 2 win over Turkey in the European Championship semifinal was a thriller that few outside the stadium saw .
A violent thunderstorm swept across Austria to knock out telecommunications for most of the second half of the gripping match .
Television pictures reappeared briefly , but then vanished altogether for most of the last 15 minutes , when three goals were scored to give Germany a place in Sunday 's final .
Internet coverage of the game also was interrupted .
Spectators at the match in the Swiss city of Basel remained dry and unperturbed throughout .
Only on Swiss TV and Al - Jazeera was the entire game available .
The problems arose in neighboring Austria , where lightning , thunder and torrential rain caused a power outage at the International Broadcast Center in Vienna , from which the telecast is beamed all over the world .
ESPN cut back to its studio analysts during the outages and showed video of spectators watching at a FanFest in Basel .
UEFA officials said the signal initially went down for six minutes in the 76th minute of the match , then " there were a couple of more interruptions , " said Wolfgang Eichler , a UEFA spokesman .
Officials also shut down Vienna 's main Euro 2008 fan zone and evacuated fans after the thunderstorm lashed the Austrian capital .
Authorities said they gave the order to close the fan zone after the storm unleashed winds exceeding 60 mph .
Police say two fans were injured after being trampled in the evacuation , which was carried out during the match .
The Associated Press
Vince
Posts : 8346
DeveloperPosts : 8346 RPG dialogue systems « on : July 12 , 2008 , 04:39:01 pm »
* * *
In the beginning there was The Premise .
And the Premise was good , because it said unto gamers " Lo !
There is this bad guy over there !
Verily , thou shouldst go to his castle , slaughter him and his staff and take anything that is n't nailed down ! " .
And gamers did rejoice muchly , for they were rather fond of killing and looting .
But , over time , some gamers did begin to feel dissatisfaction .
For , as enjoyable as slaughter and mayhem was , it lacked something .
Something vital .
A pat on the head .
A " Good job , laddy " .
A gold star for effort .
What use , the touchdown , without the crowd to roar its approval ?
So the gods of game design put their heads together and came up with a plan .
Games would now have stories , they declared .
The story of the Chosen One , who was chosen to slaughter his way through the game world under the guidance of a host of simpleminded back - patting NPCs , characters who would constantly praise and congratulate the player for the simplest of tasks .
To bring this wondrous plan to life would require new techniques , new methods for communication .
Something more complex than the simple grunts and screams of the slain .
And gamers did rejoice again , for much ego stroking ensued .
Now one could n't walk 5 minutes through an RPG without stumbling across Bob the Peasant , whose favourite hat had been stolen by 15 heavily armed thugs , or a lazy blacksmith in need of someone to go across the street and fetch him a drink .
And every time the player completed these mini-plots they would be rewarded , both with glowing praise and powerful equipment .
A veritable kings ransom of mithril platemail , flaming swords and potent , lightning - wreathed staves ; rewards suitable for the Brave Hero Who Went Across The Road And Fetched Back A Meat Pie .
But again there arose a problem .
For now that characters in the world could speak to the player , the player expected to be able to talk back to them .
As game worlds had become ever more expansive , important questions had arisen .
Questions such as " Which way to the weapon shop , I need to sell all these spare swords I found lying around . " , " Have you seen 15 large men and a hat anywhere around here ? " and " Which way to the bad guy 's super - secret fortress ? "
These were the burning questions that players desired to ask , but the simple " Please fetch my cat from the tree : Yes / No " lively banter of the time did n't support such deep conversation .
So , taking a page from the adventure game genre , which at the time was still alive and kicking instead of a comatose husk , RPG designers introduced the concept of asking NPCs for information on Keywords .
Now the player could collect Keywords just as they collected shiny baubles , and ask the characters they met about them .
Wehrheim sounds like a very progressive place .
I should definitely visit it .
Wizardry 8 stands as perhaps the pinnacle of this type of design , combining several intuitive interfaces allowing you to truly * interact * with NPCs .
Typing in a keyword or simply clicking on any word in an NPC 's lines adds it to the communication " where is / talk about " interface and allows you to discuss this subject with NPCs .
If you think this topic is important , you can easily add this word to the keywords list .
You can remove and sort your keywords , avoiding the mess of earlier systems .
The " action " interface gives you the option to threaten or be nice , to attack , trade , pickpocket , recruit , or use magic such as charms or mind reading on NPCs .
The palette of choices open to the player was vast .
However , this breadth comes at the expense of depth of discourse .
" You there !
Simple farmer type !
Tell me everything you know about hats !
What ?
You do n't know anything about that topic ?
Playing coy , eh ?
Well let 's see how coy you are with a sword up your arse ! "
The example above shows the weakness of the Keyword system .
As powerful a tool as it is for allowing players to probe for information , it is poor at conveying shades of subtle meaning in the player 's interactions .
Was the farmer merely clueless about the nature of head wear in general ?
Or were his motives more sinister ?
Was he part of a secret hat - worshiping cult , one which had taken Bob 's hat so as to worship it in their secret underground shrine to all things head - covering ?
A single word struggles to convey the extra meaning and context of an entire sentence , no matter how threateningly you say the word " hat " .
This desire for more complex shades of meaning resulted in dialogue trees , trees whose delicious textual fruits would serve as the mainstay of RPG gamer diets for over a decade , through to the modern era .
Attempting to imitate natural conversation flow , dialogue trees offer the same back and forth discourse one would expect from another human being .
The power of strong writing to convey tone and subtlety opened doors for whole ranges of previously impossible or infeasible interaction with characters .
Combined with scripting , skill checks , and text adventure elements this system offers incredible flexibility for a cheap price , the cost of a few written lines .
Perhaps no finer example of such power and flexibility exists than Planescape : Torment .
Here is an RPG whose deep dialogues enable the player to do more than simply talk to characters , they can interact with them through the medium of text .
The dialogue became an adventure , a game , in and of itself .
Nestled within it were puzzles , scripted events , even character development .
Want to break someone 's neck ?
Cut some stitches on a zombie and see what 's inside ?
Catch a thief when he 's picking your pocket ?
Replace your eyeball with an eye you found in a jar ?
Tinker with your equipment ?
All these were achievable thanks to dialogue trees and skilled writing .
Not only can dialogue trees contain new gameplay , they can frame existing gameplay in an entirely new manner .
The alternative dialogues for stupid characters in Fallout or Arcanum , the insane wit of the Malkavian Clan in Vampire : Bloodlines , both cast the gameplay and character interactions in their respective games in entirely new light .
So much so that they can make two playthroughs of the same game seem entirely different , greatly enhancing role - playing and replayability .
However , while dialogue trees are potent tools , their strengths are also their weaknesses .
Each line of text can convey a highly specific meaning , but the player is limited to only those meanings .
It 's impossible to think of and write about every possible response , reflecting every possible skill , background , emotion and tone for every response .
No more could a player " ask NPC about X " .
The design had shifted the initiative from the player to the designer .
As long as one stayed within the boundaries of the dialogue as written by the designer , everything was groovy .
But those boundaries are tightly defined , impossible to break .
This system also places huge strain on a designer , for he has to cater for as many possible player reactions as possible .
Torment offered tremendous depth to the player , but the cost was nearly half a dozen full novels worth of written text .
A labor of love , but strenuous labor nonetheless .
And in the hands of the less talented , those boundaries becomes straight - jackets , tying the player to awful , poorly written prose , causing them to long for the days when they could simply ask " Where is [ hat ] ? "
As powerful as dialogue trees are , they represent a dead end , or rather an area of ever decreasing gain in return for ever increasing effort .
As with artwork and pretty graphics , increasing the amount of content requires exponentially increasing amounts of writing labor .
With finite timelines and finite resources , writers are forced to cater for a few broad options which they hope can satisfy the most common options players might select .
Despite this fact , some of the greatest role playing games of our times have relied on dialogue trees as one of their pillars of gameplay .
Fallout , Planescape : Torment , Baldur 's Gate and Knight of the Old Republic games , Arcanum , Bloodlines , Mask of the Betrayer , all these titles rely on dialogue trees to shape the experience .
Aware of this limitation , designers have attempted to return some of the initiative to players via Combined - type dialogue systems but the results are generally poor .
These systems are simply attempts to put multiple dialogue techniques into the game .
Some games have attempted to combine the power of dialogue trees with the ability for the player to ask questions via a Keyword system .
While this can work , partially , there tends to be a strong sense of disconnection .
The contrast between the more realistic flowing dialogue trees and the simpler Keyword responses tend to jar the player a bit .
Additionally , one system tends to end up overpowering the other .
Although there have been a few experiments in this direction most have them have n't been hugely successful in combining the strengths of two or more systems .
How many people actually even remember that Fallout had a keyword system as well as the dialogue trees ?
And , after the 5th time of clicking on " Rumors " in Oblivion , the novelty of hearing that the Fighters Guild is recruiting wears off .
While combined systems have , seemingly , failed to make a lasting impression , there have been experiments in other ways to solve the problem of introducing dynamism to conversation without re-introducing the issues of keywords .
Taking a page from more casual games , like the Sims , some designers have tried experimenting with symbolic communication .
In games such as the Sims , you do n't choose specific dialogue .
You choose tones and actions .
Since these are simple , symbolic concepts like " laugh " , " insult " and " shun " instead of true language , it is easier for the designer to build rules for interactions which can be combined by players into more complex interactions than dialogue trees .
However , the introduction of such systems into RPGs has been somewhat stillborn .
Symbolic interactions lack the deeper meaning and subtlety of dialogue trees , re-introducing the weakness of Keywords , the weakness that dialogue trees were adopted in order to circumvent .
In Fable you may have been able to perform a set series of symbolic actions on NPCs but each of these lacked the emotional weight of true speech .
Especially when compared to the spoken speech in the actual dialogue , these actions seem superficial , weak .
The system of variable manipulation behind it stands out in stark contrast , such as the persuasion mini - game in Oblivion .
While a skilled writer could write a plausible dialogue that took the character through an emotional roller coaster of flattery , boasting , jests and intimidating comments , to sit and select each in turn from a menu gui robs the concept of any credulity .
Some have attempted , once again , to create a combination system .
Dialogue trees , but ones which allow you to choose the tone with which you deliver the response .
Bard 's Tale , with its Snarky or Nice options , Mass Effect with its persuasion wheel and the upcoming Alpha Protocol which offers you a choice of professional / suave / aggressive secret agent archetype .
The problem with such systems is that , being built on dialogue trees , they offer little extra flexibility in the best case , and in the worse actually surprise the player with a response completely outside their expectations .
Sure , you selected the " insulting tone " option .
But you never intended to whip out you pistol , push it to his head and instigate a bar fight .
The problem is , like Keywords , Tones and Actions are very broad categories .
A lot could be considered to fit within the category " insulting tone " .
However , unlike Keywords , since Dialogue Trees with Tones are still really just dialogue trees , they do n't actually offer the added flexibility of a pure symbolic system such as the sims .
You can't get dynamic conversations out of such a system .
Taken with the fact that they can result in the player being surprised by what his or her own character says or does , a jarring state which goes counter to engendering a sense of " taking on a role " , hybrid systems like this really do n't seem worth it , unless your goal is to simplify and streamline for audiences who do n't like to read , or save space on TV screens that could be better used for cool camera angles and more bloom .
A better option for the tone system is in combination with the Keyword system .
Instead of just asking about a topic and getting a response , you can ask about that keyword in a certain tone .
This , based on the NPC 's opinion of you , your manner of speech , and the topic , could result in different responses .
Daggerfall , with its attempts at dynamically generated conversations , tried this method , although they did n't exploit its full potential .
In fact , Daggerfall 's generated dialogue represents perhaps the best chance for advancing the state of RPG dialogue systems .
Combining generated dialogue with carefully written text , in the same way that the Diablo games combine randomly generated environments with set pieces , could result in the holy grail of dialogue systems , one which allows the player to express themselves in a powerful manner while still allowing the designer the ability to carefully convey subtle meaning .
* * *
While I 'm very fond of full dialogue trees , I believe that the keyword system is the foundation of any evolution of RPG dialogue systems .
I would certainly be interested to pick up where Sir Tech left off and see what could be done with this concept .
The " tone " interface could be easily tied to speech skills and an Arcanum - like disposition system .
Same goes for the action interface .
Skills like backstab or critical strike can be easily tied to attack options , replacing our " critical strike " dialogue lines .
I 'd probably add " Small Talk " to get the local info .
For example , currently we have :
You strike up a conversation with the Daratan guards watching the gate .
There is n't a lot of traffic these days , so the guards are bored and take full advantage of the opportunity to talk your ear off .
You fake genuine interest and skilfully encourage the guards to impress you with their vast knowledge of current affairs , learning that the guards ' pay has been cut again , that Flavius , the watch commander , has lost more than he can afford in a game of chance , and that the Imperial Guards are pretentious bastards who think that they are above the law just because they have some kind of fancy mandate .
1 . " So , did Flavius pay his debt ? "
2 . " I can't believe that the guards who risk their lives to protect us all are underpaid !
This is the real crime ! "
3 . " What do the Imperial Guards do anyway ? "
With the keywords system , you 'd simply explore topics like " Flavius ' debt " or " underpaid guards " , getting the info you need and then drawing your own conclusions and attempting to bribe the guards .
" Bribe " action would allow you to choose an amount and would be tied to a corresponding skill ( trading , etiquette , streetwise , whatever ) .
That would probably be more exciting and interesting than picking a line from the list .
The outcome would depend on the amount and your skill .
Perhaps , a small fortune would be enough to overlook your clumsy attempt , while a more skilled character would be able to convince the guards to accept a modest amount .
It 's definitely a direction we 'd like to explore one day .
One day I decided to write an article about RPG dialogue systems .
I showed it to Gareth Fouche , the talented Scars of War developer , who immediately canceled his dinner plans and started throwing ideas around , tweaking , editing , and rewriting .
Without further ado , I present you with our joint effort to explore the dialogue subject .
In the beginning there was The Premise .
And the Premise was good , because it said unto gamers " Lo !
There is this bad guy over there !
Verily , thou shouldst go to his castle , slaughter him and his staff and take anything that is n't nailed down ! " .
And gamers did rejoice muchly , for they were rather fond of killing and looting .
But , over time , some gamers did begin to feel dissatisfaction .
For , as enjoyable as slaughter and mayhem was , it lacked something .
Something vital .
A pat on the head .
A " Good job , laddy " .
A gold star for effort .
What use , the touchdown , without the crowd to roar its approval ?
So the gods of game design put their heads together and came up with a plan .
Games would now have stories , they declared .
The story of the Chosen One , who was chosen to slaughter his way through the game world under the guidance of a host of simpleminded back - patting NPCs , characters who would constantly praise and congratulate the player for the simplest of tasks .
To bring this wondrous plan to life would require new techniques , new methods for communication .
Something more complex than the simple grunts and screams of the slain .
And gamers did rejoice again , for much ego stroking ensued .
Now one could n't walk 5 minutes through an RPG without stumbling across Bob the Peasant , whose favourite hat had been stolen by 15 heavily armed thugs , or a lazy blacksmith in need of someone to go across the street and fetch him a drink .
And every time the player completed these mini-plots they would be rewarded , both with glowing praise and powerful equipment .
A veritable kings ransom of mithril platemail , flaming swords and potent , lightning - wreathed staves ; rewards suitable for the Brave Hero Who Went Across The Road And Fetched Back A Meat Pie .
But again there arose a problem .
For now that characters in the world could speak to the player , the player expected to be able to talk back to them .
As game worlds had become ever more expansive , important questions had arisen .
Questions such as " Which way to the weapon shop , I need to sell all these spare swords I found lying around . " , " Have you seen 15 large men and a hat anywhere around here ? " and " Which way to the bad guy 's super - secret fortress ? "
These were the burning questions that players desired to ask , but the simple " Please fetch my cat from the tree : Yes / No " lively banter of the time did n't support such deep conversation .
So , taking a page from the adventure game genre , which at the time was still alive and kicking instead of a comatose husk , RPG designers introduced the concept of asking NPCs for information on Keywords .
Now the player could collect Keywords just as they collected shiny baubles , and ask the characters they met about them .
Wizardry 8 stands as perhaps the pinnacle of this type of design , combining several intuitive interfaces allowing you to truly * interact * with NPCs .
Typing in a keyword or simply clicking on any word in an NPC 's lines adds it to the communication " where is / talk about " interface and allows you to discuss this subject with NPCs .
If you think this topic is important , you can easily add this word to the keywords list .
You can remove and sort your keywords , avoiding the mess of earlier systems .
The " action " interface gives you the option to threaten or be nice , to attack , trade , pickpocket , recruit , or use magic such as charms or mind reading on NPCs .
The palette of choices open to the player was vast .
However , this breadth comes at the expense of depth of discourse .
"
You there !
Simple farmer type !
Tell me everything you know about hats !
What ?
You do n't know anything about that topic ?
Playing coy , eh ?
Well let 's see how coy you are with a sword up your arse !
" The example above shows the weakness of the Keyword system .
As powerful a tool as it is for allowing players to probe for information , it is poor at conveying shades of subtle meaning in the player 's interactions .
Was the farmer merely clueless about the nature of head wear in general ?
Or were his motives more sinister ?
Was he part of a secret hat - worshiping cult , one which had taken Bob 's hat so as to worship it in their secret underground shrine to all things head - covering ?
A single word struggles to convey the extra meaning and context of an entire sentence , no matter how threateningly you say the word " hat " .
This desire for more complex shades of meaning resulted in dialogue trees , trees whose delicious textual fruits would serve as the mainstay of RPG gamer diets for over a decade , through to the modern era .
Attempting to imitate natural conversation flow , dialogue trees offer the same back and forth discourse one would expect from another human being .
The power of strong writing to convey tone and subtlety opened doors for whole ranges of previously impossible or infeasible interaction with characters .
Combined with scripting , skill checks , and text adventure elements this system offers incredible flexibility for a cheap price , the cost of a few written lines .
Perhaps no finer example of such power and flexibility exists than Planescape : Torment .
Here is an RPG whose deep dialogues enable the player to do more than simply talk to characters , they can interact with them through the medium of text .
The dialogue became an adventure , a game , in and of itself .
Nestled within it were puzzles , scripted events , even character development .
Want to break someone 's neck ?
Cut some stitches on a zombie and see what 's inside ?
Catch a thief when he 's picking your pocket ?
Replace your eyeball with an eye you found in a jar ?
Tinker with your equipment ?
All these were achievable thanks to dialogue trees and skilled writing .
Not only can dialogue trees contain new gameplay , they can frame existing gameplay in an entirely new manner .
The alternative dialogues for stupid characters in Fallout or Arcanum , the insane wit of the Malkavian Clan in Vampire : Bloodlines , both cast the gameplay and character interactions in their respective games in entirely new light .
So much so that they can make two playthroughs of the same game seem entirely different , greatly enhancing role - playing and replayability .
However , while dialogue trees are potent tools , their strengths are also their weaknesses .
Each line of text can convey a highly specific meaning , but the player is limited to only those meanings .
It 's impossible to think of and write about every possible response , reflecting every possible skill , background , emotion and tone for every response .
No more could a player " ask NPC about X " .
The design had shifted the initiative from the player to the designer .
As long as one stayed within the boundaries of the dialogue as written by the designer , everything was groovy .
But those boundaries are tightly defined , impossible to break .
This system also places huge strain on a designer , for he has to cater for as many possible player reactions as possible .
Torment offered tremendous depth to the player , but the cost was nearly half a dozen full novels worth of written text .
A labor of love , but strenuous labor nonetheless .
And in the hands of the less talented , those boundaries becomes straight - jackets , tying the player to awful , poorly written prose , causing them to long for the days when they could simply ask " Where is [ hat ] ? "
As powerful as dialogue trees are , they represent a dead end , or rather an area of ever decreasing gain in return for ever increasing effort .
As with artwork and pretty graphics , increasing the amount of content requires exponentially increasing amounts of writing labor .
With finite timelines and finite resources , writers are forced to cater for a few broad options which they hope can satisfy the most common options players might select .
Despite this fact , some of the greatest role playing games of our times have relied on dialogue trees as one of their pillars of gameplay .
Fallout , Planescape : Torment , Baldur 's Gate and Knight of the Old Republic games , Arcanum , Bloodlines , Mask of the Betrayer , all these titles rely on dialogue trees to shape the experience .
Aware of this limitation , designers have attempted to return some of the initiative to players via Combined - type dialogue systems but the results are generally poor .
These systems are simply attempts to put multiple dialogue techniques into the game .
Some games have attempted to combine the power of dialogue trees with the ability for the player to ask questions via a Keyword system .
While this can work , partially , there tends to be a strong sense of disconnection .
The contrast between the more realistic flowing dialogue trees and the simpler Keyword responses tend to jar the player a bit .
Additionally , one system tends to end up overpowering the other .
Although there have been a few experiments in this direction most have them have n't been hugely successful in combining the strengths of two or more systems .
How many people actually even remember that Fallout had a keyword system as well as the dialogue trees ?
And , after the 5th time of clicking on " Rumors " in Oblivion , the novelty of hearing that the Fighters Guild is recruiting wears off .
While combined systems have , seemingly , failed to make a lasting impression , there have been experiments in other ways to solve the problem of introducing dynamism to conversation without re-introducing the issues of keywords .
Taking a page from more casual games , like the Sims , some designers have tried experimenting with symbolic communication .
In games such as the Sims , you do n't choose specific dialogue .
You choose tones and actions .
Since these are simple , symbolic concepts like " laugh " , " insult " and " shun " instead of true language , it is easier for the designer to build rules for interactions which can be combined by players into more complex interactions than dialogue trees .
However , the introduction of such systems into RPGs has been somewhat stillborn .
Symbolic interactions lack the deeper meaning and subtlety of dialogue trees , re-introducing the weakness of Keywords , the weakness that dialogue trees were adopted in order to circumvent .
In Fable you may have been able to perform a set series of symbolic actions on NPCs but each of these lacked the emotional weight of true speech .
Especially when compared to the spoken speech in the actual dialogue , these actions seem superficial , weak .
The system of variable manipulation behind it stands out in stark contrast , such as the persuasion mini - game in Oblivion .
While a skilled writer could write a plausible dialogue that took the character through an emotional roller coaster of flattery , boasting , jests and intimidating comments , to sit and select each in turn from a menu gui robs the concept of any credulity .
Some have attempted , once again , to create a combination system .
Dialogue trees , but ones which allow you to choose the tone with which you deliver the response .
Bard 's
Tale , with its Snarky or Nice options , Mass Effect with its persuasion wheel and the upcoming Alpha Protocol which offers you a choice of professional / suave / aggressive secret agent archetype .
The problem with such systems is that , being built on dialogue trees , they offer little extra flexibility in the best case , and in the worse actually surprise the player with a response completely outside their expectations .
Sure , you selected the " insulting tone " option .
But you never intended to whip out you pistol , push it to his head and instigate a bar fight .
The problem is , like Keywords , Tones and Actions are very broad categories .
A lot could be considered to fit within the category " insulting tone " .
However , unlike Keywords , since Dialogue Trees with Tones are still really just dialogue trees , they do n't actually offer the added flexibility of a pure symbolic system such as the sims .
You can't get dynamic conversations out of such a system .
Taken with the fact that they can result in the player being surprised by what his or her own character says or does , a jarring state which goes counter to engendering a sense of " taking on a role " , hybrid systems like this really do n't seem worth it , unless your goal is to simplify and streamline for audiences who do n't like to read , or save space on TV screens that could be better used for cool camera angles and more bloom .
A better option for the tone system is in combination with the Keyword system .
Instead of just asking about a topic and getting a response , you can ask about that keyword in a certain tone .
This , based on the NPC 's opinion of you , your manner of speech , and the topic , could result in different responses .
Daggerfall , with its attempts at dynamically generated conversations , tried this method , although they did n't exploit its full potential .
In fact , Daggerfall 's generated dialogue represents perhaps the best chance for advancing the state of RPG dialogue systems .
Combining generated dialogue with carefully written text , in the same way that the Diablo games combine randomly generated environments with set pieces , could result in the holy grail of dialogue systems , one which allows the player to express themselves in a powerful manner while still allowing the designer the ability to carefully convey subtle meaning .
While I 'm very fond of full dialogue trees , I believe that the keyword system is the foundation of any evolution of RPG dialogue systems .
I would certainly be interested to pick up where Sir Tech left off and see what could be done with this concept .
The " tone " interface could be easily tied to speech skills and an Arcanum - like disposition system .
Same goes for the action interface .
Skills like backstab or critical strike can be easily tied to attack options , replacing our " critical strike " dialogue lines .
I 'd probably add " Small Talk " to get the local info .
For example , currently we have :
You strike up a conversation with the Daratan guards watching the gate .
There is n't a lot of traffic these days , so the guards are bored and take full advantage of the opportunity to talk your ear off .
You fake genuine interest and skilfully encourage the guards to impress you with their vast knowledge of current affairs , learning that the guards ' pay has been cut again , that Flavius , the watch commander , has lost more than he can afford in a game of chance , and that the Imperial Guards are pretentious bastards who think that they are above the law just because they have some kind of fancy mandate .
1 . " So , did Flavius pay his debt ?
" 2. " I can't believe that the guards who risk their lives to protect us all are underpaid !
This is the real crime !
" 3 . " What do the Imperial Guards do anyway ?
" With the keywords system , you 'd simply explore topics like " Flavius ' debt " or " underpaid guards " , getting the info you need and then drawing your own conclusions and attempting to bribe the guards .
" Bribe " action would allow you to choose an amount and would be tied to a corresponding skill ( trading , etiquette , streetwise , whatever ) .
That would probably be more exciting and interesting than picking a line from the list .
The outcome would depend on the amount and your skill .
Perhaps , a small fortune would be enough to overlook your clumsy attempt , while a more skilled character would be able to convince the guards to accept a modest amount .
It 's definitely a direction we 'd like to explore one day .
« Last Edit : June 21 , 2014 , 01:39:59 pm by Vince » Logged
Pictured :
The cat and bear best friends who simply can't bear to be apart
As far as lifelong friendships go , Muschi thinks her large and loveable friend Maeuschen is the cat 's pyjamas .
The feline , which struck up the unlikely friendship with the 40 - year - old Asian bear eight years ago , now can't bear to be apart from her friend .
In fact , the pair are so close that zookeepers at Berlin Zoo had to reunite them after Muschi , or ' pussy ' in German , pined for Maeuschen - ' little mouse ' - after they were separated .
Best friends Muschi , the cat and Maeuschen the bear are so close that zookeepers in Berlin have had to reunite the pair after they were separated
The two lovable chums have become a star attraction at the zoo since striking up a friendship eight years ago
The pair were split up last October when the bear was locked in a cage while her living space was enlarged .
The distraught cat soon caught the attention of zoo keepers after she remained sitting outside the bear 's cage pining for her friend .
This week , keepers took the unusual step of allowing the feline into the cage with her shaggy - haired pal .
' They greeted each other and had a cuddle and now they 're happy , ' said Heiner Kloes , a member of the zoo 's management board .
The friends share everything including an enclosure and food at Berlin Zoo
' The cat has a real fan club , mostly among our older , regular visitors . '
But where Muschi , a normal black domestic cat , came from remains a mystery .
' She appeared from nowhere in 2000 and we decided to leave them together because they got on so well , ' Mr Kloes said .
' They sunbathed together and shared meals of raw meat , dead mice , fruit and bread . '
The enlarged enclosure will reopen in the spring .
A top telecommunications lawyer has filed papers with the Federal Communications Commission that take the hardest line ever against the proposed merger of Sirius and XM satellite radio .
Attorney Julian R. Shepard 's heavily redacted statement offers " Highly Confidential Documents , " he says , that " call into question the truthfulness and candor of both Sirius and XM with respect to their dealings with the Commission as licensees during this proceeding . "
Shepard files as counsel for the Consumer Coalition for Competition in Satellite Radio , or " C3SR " as it calls itself for short .
Not surprisingly , the filing urges the FCC to reject Sirius and XM 's merger application .
But C3SR goes further , suggesting that the companies have been " less than candid " before the government , and that " this conduct raises serious questions that must be investigated . "
In fact , the agency should consider revoking Sirius and XM 's licenses , the 25 - page comment concludes .
Shepard is no lone crank , firing a shot in the dark .
His résumé includes a term as vice president and general counsel of the Association for Maximum Service Television , senior policy advisor at the National Telecommunications and Information Administration , and attorney for the National Association of Broadcasters ( NAB ) .
But C3SR has its own problems .
While the group wants the FCC to investigate Sirius / XM , about half the observers of this proceeding have been investigating C3SR , trying to figure out who is behind the outfit .
C3SR 's stubborn secrecy has sometimes detracted from its message .
But first let 's summarize the group 's decidedly hardball stance .
The culmination of a coordinated plan ...
Like many commenters hostile to the proposed merger , C3SR focuses on Sirius and XM 's failure to produce an interoperable radio — that is , a receiver that consumers can use to pick up both services .
The FCC originally made this interoperability a condition for XM and Sirius to obtain their Digital Audio Radio Satellite ( DARS ) licenses .
Many filers , from Free Press and the Consumers Union to Clear Channel , have observed that granting Sirius and XM a merger now would reward their dropping the ball on that pledge .
So have various members of Congress .
But C3SR goes way beyond this logic , charging that Sirius and XM 's refusal to come through on interoperability should be seen as " the culmination of a coordinated plan to restrain trade in contravention of the public interest and in violation of the Commission 's rules and policies and of the antitrust laws . "
Furthermore : " Immediate Commission action is justified in response to such conduct . "
And Sirius / XM " should be required to make restitution to all parties harmed by such conduct " — although the filing does n't explain how .
Backing up these hardball statements are excerpts from redacted documents that C3SR says prove that the merger parties repeatedly made promises of progress on the interoperability condition that " lacked candor . "
The group accuses Sirius and XM of " failing to provide full information " to the Commission , and , after they announced plans to merge , continuing " to withhold information " on the matter .
Following another redacted block quote C3SR warns that the alleged fact that Sirius and XM " chose not to reveal this information to the Commission raises a material issue of fact with regard to this merger .
The Commission should investigate the apparent lack of candor . "
XM and Sirius " have manifested a proclivity to violate the Commission 's rules , " C3SR concludes , " complying with the rules selectively only when such compliance will not jeopardize their business objectives . "
Who are these people ?
With the exception of Sirius and XM themselves , few parties have filed with the FCC as often as C3SR on this matter , a total of 70 times since the proceeding began .
Who exactly are the members of their " consumer coalition " ?
Its web site does not say .
A press release issued in February of 2007 says that a small group of law students founded C3SR " to counter the potentially dim prospects facing subscribers of satellite radio under a monopoly provider . "
It credits Chris Reale as one of the group 's originators .
Reale did not return Ars ' phone calls or e-mail inquiries .
His e-mail address identifies him as a law student at George Washington University .
The Corporate Crime Reporter interviewed Reale shortly after C3SR went public and peppered him with questions about the National Association of Broadcasters ' ( NAB ) links to C3SR .
The investigative sites ' unbylined article has Reale admitting that the NAB " supports " C3SR , although how is n't explained .
One of the documents offered by an economist working with C3SR again discloses this ambiguous fact .
" The Consumer Coalition for Competition in Satellite Radio is a consumer group consisting of Sirius and XM subscribers , " declared J. Gregory Spivak of Criterion Economics in March of 2007 .
" It is supported by the National Association of Broadcasters . "
From this one word — " supported " — much of the blogosphere has declared the marriage official .
" Busted : C3SR supported by the NAB " ran the satellite radio blog Orbitcast 's March 2007 headline , as if what that means is clearer than mud .
Does the NAB formally endorse or financially underwrite the group ?
In fact , there is little evidence to support this inference .
For sure , C3SR has also shown some " lack of candor " about its origins .
The Open Secrets database identifies Chris Reale as a lobbyist with the law / PR firm that handles the groups ' FCC filings : Williams Mullen , where Julian Shepard is a partner .
But the resource offers no evidence that either Williams or Reale have ever lobbied for the NAB ( although Williams did lobby for Napster in 2002 ) .
And the FCC 's filings database indicates that Williams has never done any FCC - related ex parte work for the NAB on this or any other issue .
And why should the NAB covertly rely on C3SR in this instance ?
The trade association has never hid its passionate opposition to the XM / Sirius union , going so far as to set up a Web site dedicated to its crusade against the proposal , and constantly testifying before the government on the matter .
In the end , C3SR seems to be what it looks like : a small group of well - connected lobbyists , lawyers , and consultants opposed to the marriage of XM and Sirius satellite radio .
A good many bloggers ( including this one ) have noted with appropriate snickering the spectacle of NAB opposing the XM / Sirius merger .
Here is an organization that has supported every conceivable relaxation of the FCC 's broadcast ownership rules , suddenly railing against media consolidation .
NAB and Clear Channel may be hypocrites , but sometimes hypocrites are right , especially when they warn that a merged XM / Sirius will control more spectrum than all of AM and FM radio combined .
Maybe we should drop the suspicion , irony , and snark for a moment — taking heed at where even big media fears to tread .
Further reading
C3SR 's May 27th filing with the FCC
Pentagon : Rumsfeld misspoke on Flight 93 crash
Defense secretary 's remark to troops fuels conspiracy theories
From Jamie McIntyre
CNN Washington
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
A comment Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld made during a Christmas Eve address to U.S. troops in Baghdad has sparked new conspiracy theories about the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 .
In the speech , Rumsfeld made a passing reference to United Airlines Flight 93 , which crashed in Pennsylvania after passengers attempted to stop al Qaeda hijackers .
But in his remarks , Rumsfeld referred to the " the people who attacked the United States in New York , shot down the plane over Pennsylvania . "
A Pentagon spokesman insisted that Rumsfeld simply misspoke , but Internet conspiracy theorists seized on the reference to the plane having been shot down .
" Was it a slip of the tongue ?
Was it an error ?
Or was it the truth , finally being dropped on the public more than three years after the tragedy " asked a posting on the Web site WorldNetDaily.com .
Some people remain skeptical of U.S. government statements that , despite a presidential authorization , no planes were shot down September 11 , and rumors still circulate that a U.S. military plane shot the airliner down over Shanksville , Pennsylvania .
A Pentagon spokesman insists Rumsfeld has not changed his opinion that the plane crashed as the result of an onboard struggle between passengers and terrorists .
The independent panel charged with investigating the terrorist attacks concluded that the hijackers intentionally crashed Flight 93 , apparently because they feared the passengers would overwhelm them .
THE children at Kulosaari primary school , in a suburb of Helsinki , seem unfazed by the stream of foreign visitors wandering through their classrooms .
The head teacher and her staff find it commonplace too — and no wonder .
The world is beating a path to Finland to find out what made this unostentatious Nordic country top of international education league tables .
Finland 's education ministry has three full - time staff handling school visits by foreign politicians , officials and journalists .
The schools in the shop window rotate each year ; currently , Kulosaari is on call , along with around 15 others .
Pirkko Kotilainen , one of the three officials , says her busiest period was during Finland 's European Union presidency , when she had to arrange school visits for 300 foreign journalists in just six months of 2006 .
Finland 's status as an education - tourism hot spot is a result of the hot fashion in education policy : to look abroad for lessons in schooling .
Some destinations appeal to niche markets : Sweden 's “ voucher ” system draws school choice aficionados ; New Zealand 's skinny education bureaucracy appeals to decentralisers .
Policymakers who regard the stick as mightier than the carrot admire the hard - hitting schools inspectorate and high - stakes mandatory tests in England ( other bits of Britain have different systems ) .
But visitors to Finland — and to a lesser extent to South Korea , Hong Kong , Taiwan , Japan and Canada — are drawn by these countries ' high scores in a ranking organised by the Paris - based Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development ( OECD ) , a rich - country think - tank .
Its Programme for International Student Assessment ( PISA ) tests 15 - year - olds from dozens of countries ( most recently 56 ) in literacy , mathematics and science .
Finland habitually comes top ; the others jockey for places as runners - up ( see chart ) .
Such a quest is understandable but misguided , says Alan Smithers , an expert in cross - border education comparisons at Britain 's University of Buckingham .
Importing elements of a successful education system — the balance between central and local government , the age of transfer to secondary school , the wearing of school uniforms and so on — is unlikely to improve performance .
“ You should n't try to copy the top performers in PISA , ” he says , “ because position in those league tables depends on lots of other things besides what happens in schools . ”
Bearing out Mr Smithers 's caution is an analysis of Finland 's most recent PISA results , from 2006 , by Jarkko Hautamäki and his colleagues at Helsinki University .
They highlight only one big policy element that could easily be replicated elsewhere : early and energetic intervention for struggling pupils .
Many of the other ingredients for success that they identify — orthography , geography and history — have nothing to do with how schools are run , or what happens in classrooms .
In Finnish , exceptionally , each letter makes a single logical sound and there are no irregular words .
That makes learning to read easy .
An economy until recently dependent on peasant farming in harsh latitudes has shaped a stoic national character and an appetite for self - improvement .
Centuries of foreign rule ( first Swedes , then Russians ) further entrenched education as the centrepiece of national identity .
So hard work and good behaviour are the norm ; teaching tempts the best graduates ( nearly nine out of ten would - be teachers are turned down ) .
Few countries would want to copy Finland 's austere climate or sombre history even if they could ( though spelling reform in English might merit consideration ) .
More instructive , perhaps , is looking not at how Finland 's schools are run , but how decisions about education are made .
As in other European countries , Finland merged specialist academic and vocational schools into comprehensive ones in the 1970s .
The first point Mr Hautamäki highlights is broad consensus , cautiously but irrevocably reached .
“ They simply kept going until they reached agreement , ” he says .
“ It took two years . ”
Comprehensive schools were introduced in 1972 in the sparsely populated north , and then over the next four years in the rest of the country .
Matti Meri , a teacher - trainer at Helsinki University , was a teacher at the time .
“ Grammar - school teachers were quite afraid of the reforms , ” he recalls .
“ They used to teach only one - third of the students .
But the comprehensive schools used almost the same curriculum as the grammar schools had — and we discovered that the two - thirds were mostly able to cope with it . ”
By the time comprehensives reached the more populous south , teachers were eager to join in what was clearly a roaring success .
“ What you are planning might be the right thing to do , but if teachers are n't on board it will be very hard to make anything happen , ” says Sam Freedman , the director of education for Policy Exchange , a London - based think - tank .
He points to Canada , where Alberta and Ontario both introduced major reforms in the 1990s .
Alberta 's provincial government won general support for its ideas , and the reforms are now uncontentious .
In Ontario , by contrast , politicians ' rhetoric was confrontational and the teachers ' unions bitterly opposed .
The current government is having to work hard to mend fences .
Finland 's education reforms may have taken ten years from conception to full implementation , but they have proved durable : little has needed changing in the 30 years since .
Mr Smithers draws a gloomy contrast with the permanent revolution that reigns in England 's schools .
“ Politicians here seem to think that a day without an education announcement is a day wasted , ” he says .
New policies should build on previous ones , agrees Andreas Schleicher , the OECD 's head of education research .
“ In some countries , though , a new government 's greatest ambition is to undo everything its predecessors did . ”
Mr Schleicher acknowledges that the hopeful , or simply naive , sometimes rifle through the PISA studies for shiny new education initiatives to pilfer .
But , he says , international comparisons teach a crucial lesson : what is possible .
“ In 1995 , at the first meeting of OECD ministers I attended , every country boasted of its own success and its own brilliant reforms .
Now international comparisons make it clear who is failing .
There is no place to hide . ”
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- Global warming could destabilize " struggling and poor " countries around the world , prompting mass migrations and creating breeding grounds for terrorists , the chairman of the National Intelligence Council told Congress on Wednesday .
Climate change could increase flooding in coastal areas , like the flooding that hit the Philippines .
Climate change " will aggravate existing problems such as poverty , social tensions , environmental degradation , ineffectual leadership and weak political institutions , " Thomas Fingar said .
" All of this threatens the domestic stability of a number of African , Asian , Central American and Central Asian countries . "
People are likely to flee destabilized countries , and some may turn to terrorism , he said .
" The conditions exacerbated by the effects of climate change could increase the pool of potential recruits into terrorist activity , " he said .
" Economic refugees will perceive additional reasons to flee their homes because of harsher climates , " Fingar predicted .
That will put pressure on countries receiving refugees , many of which " will have neither the resources nor interest to host these climate migrants , " he said in testimony to the House Select Committee on Energy Independence and Global Warming .
Reactions to the report broke down along partisan lines , with Democrats generally praising it and Republicans expressing doubts .
Committee members had concerns about the report 's secrecy , reliability and use of intelligence resources .
Global warming may have a slight positive effect on the United States , since it is likely to produce larger farming yields , Fingar said
But it is also likely to result in storm surges that could affect nuclear facilities and oil refineries near coasts , water shortages in the Southwest and longer summers with more wildfires , the study found .
International migration may also help spread disease , Fingar added , and climate change could put stress on international trade in essential commodities .
" The United States depends on a smooth - functioning international system ensuring the flow of trade and market access to critical raw materials , such as oil and gas , and security for its allies and partners .
Climate change and climate change policies could affect all of these , " he warned , " with significant geopolitical consequences . "
The report was the conclusion of the most comprehensive government analysis the U.S. intelligence community has ever conducted on climate change .
Fingar emphasized that it could make no hard and fast predictions , saying that the operative word in his assessment was " may . "
Wealthy countries will be able to handle the situation better than poorer ones , he said .
" We assess that no country will be immune to the effects of climate change , but some will be able to cope more effectively than others , " he said .
" Most of the struggling and poor states that will suffer adverse impacts to their potential and economic security are in Sub - Saharan Africa , the Middle East , and Central and Southeast Asia .
" However , the spillover -- from potentially increased migration and water - related disputes -- could have a harmful global impact , " he added .
Fingar painted a mixed picture of the effects of climate change on the United States itself .
" Most studies suggest the United States as a whole will enjoy modest economic benefits over the next few decades , largely due to the increased crop yields , " he said .
" Costs begin to mount thereafter , however , and some parts of the United States -- particularly built - up coastal areas -- will be at greater risk of extreme weather events and potentially high costs related to losses in complex infrastructure . "
The impact of fighting and preparing for climate change may be greater than the effect of global warming itself , Fingar said .
" Government , business and public efforts to develop mitigation and adaptation strategies to deal with climate change -- from policies to reduce greenhouse gases to plans to reduce exposure to climate change or capitalize on potential impacts -- may affect U.S. national security interests even more than the physical impacts of climate change itself , " he said .
The report , the " National Intelligence Assessment on the National Security Implications of Global Climate Change to 2030 , " relied on U.S. government , military , academic and United Nations studies of climate change .
The report itself is classified , which some members of the House committee objected to .
" I am disappointed it is classified , " said Rep. Anna Eshoo , D - California .
Secrecy " prevents this report from being released and discussed in public domain . "
Committee Chairman Ed Markey , a Massachusetts Democrat , said he would ask the administration to declassify it .
Markey opened the hearing by saying " human beings all over the planet face death or damage or injury if we do not act . "
He blasted the White House stance on climate change , saying , " The Bush administration continues to limit what their experts know .
The president does n't want America to know the real risk of global warming . "
Republicans on the committee criticized the report as wasteful , with Rep. Darrell Issa of California calling it a " dangerous diversion of intelligence resources . "
Rep . Pete Hoekstra , R- Michigan , said that the report was unreliable and that its authors admitted as much .
" We have a lot of information where we are incapable of assessing it , " Fingar conceded .
Hoekstra also questioned the committee 's priorities .
" There are a lot more pressing issues out there for the intelligence community to be focused on right now that would help keep America safe , " he said .
The assessment " was a waste of time , a waste of resources for the intelligence community to be focused on this issue versus other folks in the government that could have done this job and have a responsibility for doing it . "
Fingar said the intelligence community had relied on the science of others because it did not itself monitor climate change .
He said the assessment was based on midrange predictions of global warming .
All About Global Climate Change • Terrorism • U.S. National Economy
State corrections officials are considering a request by former Charles Manson follower and convicted murderer Susan Atkins to be released from prison because of an undisclosed terminal illness .
Atkins ’ initial request for “ compassionate release ” consideration was made last month after a doctor determined that she had less than six months to live , said Terry Thornton , spokeswoman for the state Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation .
It is unclear if Atkins , 59 , made the request or if it was made on her behalf by a doctor or family member .
Citing medical confidentiality laws , Thornton said she could not disclose the nature of the illness .
But sources close to the case said that Atkins had suffered from brain cancer and had undergone amputation of one of her legs .
Atkins has been in state prison 37 years , longer than any other female inmate in California , Thornton said .
She is serving a life sentence with the possibility of parole , making her eligible for release .
Advertisement
Atkins and other members of Manson ’s cult were convicted of killing actress Sharon Tate and six other people during a bloody rampage in the Los Angeles area over two nights in 1969 .
Tate , the wife of director Roman Polanski , was 8 1/ 2 months pregnant when she was killed at her hilltop home in Benedict Canyon .
Atkins was also convicted of the earlier killing of music teacher Gary Hinman .
Her request for release has already been approved by the California Institution for Women in Corona , where she was housed from April 1971 until March , when she was transferred to a local hospital for treatment .
Officials at the Corona facility concluded that Atkins should be considered for release because of her failing health and because she no longer posed a risk to others .
Advertisement
Several obstacles remain , however .
Her bid for release must still be approved by officials at the state Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation , Thornton said .
A positive recommendation would send her case to the state Board of Parole , which would conduct an investigation and issue its own findings , she said .
That hearing could include public comment .
Vincent Bugliosi , who prosecuted Atkins , said she deserved the death penalty in 1971 .
But the former prosecutor said he believed now that Atkins has sincerely renounced Manson and that her 37 years in prison , along with her illness , changed things .
“ She has paid substantially , though not completely , for her horrendous crimes .
Paying completely would mean imposing the death penalty , ” Bugliosi said .
“ But given that she has six months to live , and the loss of her leg , I do n’t have an objection to her being released . ”
Last month , sheriff ’s deputies and forensic experts began searching for buried human remains at a sun-scorched ranch in Inyo County once used as a hangout by the Manson family .
For decades , rumors have persisted that graves existed at the ranch .
Advertisement
Investigators used ground - penetrating radar , magnetometers and shovels at the Barker Ranch but did not find any human remains .
They did find a .38 - caliber bullet casing , but it was unclear whether it was related to Manson .
--
andrew.blankstein@latimes.com
hector.becerra@latimes.com
Getting power to disaster - affected areas is always a tough task , but Andrew Leinonen 's undergrad industrial design thesis ( and recent first place entry in the 2008 ACIDO Rocket Show ) might be able to solve the problem in an efficient and clever way .
Dubbed Solarial , the idea is to use small unmanned airships made out of materials embedded with CIGS solar cells to autonomously deliver clean power to disaster sites by deploying anchored " power boxes " that have 12 total 120V outlets and 2 240V sockets .
Obviously this is just a concept , but it 's a clever one -- let 's hope someone with the cash to make it happen finds out about it .
Guest Writer , September 26 2020
He warned the two U.S. officials of a " contagion " - with the implication being close one bank and the whole economy could suffer .
What happened ?
Federal prosecutors stood down .
By Dave Allen .
This is the second of a two - part dive into BuzzFeed News ' recent study on money laundering in too - big - to - fail U.S. banks .
Part One , which appeared in Monday 's American Survival newsletter , gave an overview of this widespread criminal enterprise and listed examples from the study of how it has infected our financial institutions and the people who run them .
Part
Two asks the simple questions , can money laundering be stopped ?
And , if so , how ?
The answer to at least the first question appears simple and straightforward ...
Financial crime experts say if the government really wanted to , it could stop the dirty money that 's being cleaned by the big banks and enriching them - and the broad range of criminality and criminals they fund .
How to stop it is another story - or stories .
THE FIX IS IN :
One easy fix , BuzzFeed argues , would be to " require companies to disclose their owners to the Treasury Department , rather than allowing people to hide behind a shell company . "
Congress is considering a rare bipartisan bill that could address disclosure for smaller companies .
I guess you could call it a start - albeit belated and underachieving .
The National Federation of Independent Business has opposed the bill , saying it raises privacy issues and would increase costs unnecessarily .
Senator Sherrod Brown of Ohio , a cosponsor of the bill , said , " Congress must act soon because criminals have long been revising , adjusting , and amending their tactics to circumvent our laws . "
" Greater public accountability " is another idea BuzzFeed says " could make a difference . "
As a prime example , they point to HSBC , which continues to fight to keep hidden from public view the final report by the government inspector responsible for watching over the bank during the years of its deferred prosecution agreement .
HSBC even took the unusual step of weighing in on a Freedom of Information Act lawsuit , when BuzzFeed News sued the Justice Department to release the FinCEN Files report .
( As explained in Part One of our story , FinCEN , which is an agency within the U.S. Department of Treasury , stands for Financial Crimes Enforcement Network . )
Knowing that negative reports could be made public and potentially damage reputations and , ultimately , share prices - not to mention send executives to prison - could cause offending banks to clean up their acts .
Others believe the SARs themselves are part of the problem , calling the idea behind them " naïve . "
Read more
David Gutierrez
Natural News
June 17 , 2008
A Rhode Island school district has announced a pilot program to monitor student movements by means of radio frequency identification ( RFID ) chips implanted in their schoolbags .
The Middletown School District , in partnership with MAP Information Technology Corp. , has launched a pilot program to implant RFID chips into the schoolbags of 80 children at the Aquidneck School .
Each chip would be programmed with a student identification number , and would be read by an external device installed in one of two school buses .
The buses would also be fitted with global positioning system ( GPS ) devices .
Parents or school officials could log onto a school web site to see whether and when specific children had entered or exited which bus , and to look up the bus ’s current location as provided by the GPS device .
The American Civil Liberties Union ( ACLU ) has criticized the plan as an invasion of children ’s privacy and a potential risk to their safety .
" There ’s absolutely no need to be tagging children , " said Stephen Brown , executive director of the ACLU ’s Rhode Island chapter .
According to Brown , the school district should already know where its students are .
" [ This program is ] a solution in search of a problem , " Brown said .
The school district says that its current plan is no different than other programs already in place for parents to monitor their children ’s school experience .
For example , parents can already check on their children ’s attendance records and what they have for lunch , said district Superintendent Rosemary Kraeger .
Brown disputed this argument .
The school is perfectly entitled to track its buses , he said , but " it ’s a quantitative leap to monitor children themselves . "
He raised the question of whether unauthorized individuals could use easily available RFID readers to find out students ’ private information and monitor their movements .
Because the pilot program is being provided to the school district at no cost , it did not require approval from the Rhode Island ethics commission .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
But It Is Unclear Whether Leads in Florida , Ohio , and Pennsylvania Are Indicators of a Trend Or ' Bumps ' from Clinching Democratic Nomination
Jon Ponder Byon
6/19/2008 , 3:55 am PT
Guest blogged by Jon Ponder , Pensito Review .
There is good news for the campaign of Barack Obama in polls from states that are traditionally keys to winning the general election .
However , it is too soon to tell if the upticks are indicators of a trend toward Obama or simply " bumps " resulting from his finally clinching the Democratic nomination from Hillary Clinton .
Quinnipiac Polls in Florida , Ohio , and Pennsylvania released Wednesday indicate that Barack Obama leads John McCain in all three battleground states ...
Sen . Obama leads 47 percent to 43 percent in Florida , within the margin of error .
His support among black voters is overwhelming at 95 percent .
He carries female voters as well , 50 percent to 40 percent .
But Sen. McCain leads among men 47 percent to 44 percent , and easily carries white voters overall , 50 percent to 40 percent .
Pennsylvania voters continue their trend of leaning Democratic , giving Sen. Obama a solid lead of 52 percent to 40 percent .
The Democrat dominates among women , 57 percent to 34 percent , but Sen. McCain leads among men .
Among white voters , Sen. Obama leads by a narrow margin , 47 percent to 44 percent .
The Ohio results might be the best news for Sen. Obama .
He is leading there 48 percent to 42 percent , Quinnipiac finds .
Ohio has been key to Republican general - election strategies for a generation .
President Bush won there narrowly in 2004 , propelling him to victory over Democrat John Kerry .
Sen. Obama 's
Ohio advantage is attributed in large measure to women , among whom he holds a 51 percent - to - 39 percent advantage .
The two candidates are virtually tied among men , with Sen. McCain up 46 percent to 45 percent .
Sen .
Obama dominates with black voters , while Sen. McCain narrowly carries white voters , 47 percent to 44 percent .
The fact that Obama is doing well among women in these three states suggests Hillary Clinton supporters are shifting their support to Obama , despite early polling that found that as many as 20 percent of Clinton voters saying they would vote for McCain or simply stay home .
A recent survey in Virginia from Public Policy Polling gave Obama a nominal lead , 47 percent to McCain 's 45 percent , which is within the margin of error .
Still , any lead at all for a Democrat is remarkable in Virginia , which has been a Republican stronghold in presidential elections for decades .
In Wisconsin , SurveyUSA shows Obama with a strong lead over McCain , 52 percent to 43 percent .
A Rasmussen poll from Michigan gives Obama a slight lead , 45 percent to 42 percent .
Reacting to the overall numbers , Peter A. Brown , assistant director of the Quinnipiac University Polling Institute , said , " Here 's the real question :
Is this all the bump he 's getting from wrapping up the nomination ? ...
If this is the entire bump , it 's not that big a bump . "
Bush murder trial book , blacked out by mainstream media , thrives on Internet David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Tuesday July 15 , 2008
Print This Email This Former Los Angeles district attorney Vincent Bugliosi became widely known as the prosecutor of Charles Manson and later wrote bestselling books about that case , the O.J. Simpson trial , and other topics .
However , Bugliosi 's latest effort , The Prosecution of George W. Bush for Murder , has faced what CNN calls " a virtual media blackout . "
Bugliosi says that no one in the mainstream media would review his book , which argues that Bush should be charged with murder for the deaths of over 4000 American soldiers in Iraq if he lied to get the nation into war .
" My book was completely rejected across the board by network and cable , " Bugliosi told CNN .
Larry King passed up the chance to interview Bugliosi , and neither MSNBC nor Comedy Central 's The Daily Show expressed any interest when the book came out in May .
( Bugliosi did finally appear on MSNBC's Morning Joe last Friday . )
ABC Radio even refused an ad for The Prosecution of George W. Bush for Murder .
" So how did the book become a bestseller ? " asks CNN .
The answer is that Bugliosi 's publisher , the Vanguard Press , started advertising on liberal blogs .
The blogs themselves then began discussing the book , and it sold 130,000 copies in six weeks .
" I 'm very , very encouraged , and very grateful to them , " Bugliosi stated .
" Without them , the book would not be a New York Times bestseller . "
" There was a decision that was made by the media that was actually really out of sync with the demand , " Isabel MacDonald of Fairness & Accuracy in Reporting told CNN .
" With the rise of the Internet and the blogosphere , we 've really seen books take off without any reviews . "
Buglosi insists that his book was not merely overlooked by the media because of " Bush - bashing fatigue , " but that he was the victim of a deliberate blackout .
" I 've had national coverage for every one of my other books , " he notes .
" People are extremely interested in this book , but they 're terrified of it . "
This video is from CNN's American Morning , broadcast July 14 , 2008 .
Download video
WASHINGTON  The Supreme Court on Thursday struck down a law meant to level the financial playing field when rich candidates pay for their own political campaigns .
The 5 - to - 4 decision , legal experts said , was significant for rejecting the rationale behind the law , known as the “ millionaire ’s amendment , ” and for confirming the court ’s continuing skepticism about the constitutionality of campaign finance regulations .
“ Supporters of reasonable campaign finance regulation are now zero for three in the Roberts court , ” said Richard L. Hasen , a professor at Loyola Law School in Los Angeles .
“ This is a signal of what is to come .
What could easily fall following this case are the longstanding limits on corporate and union spending in federal elections . ”
The law at issue in Thursday ’s decision imposed special rules in races with candidates who finance their own campaigns .
Those candidates are required to disclose more information , and their opponents are allowed to raise more money .
Congress votes to remove Mandela from terror watch list Nick Juliano
Published : Friday June 27 , 2008
|
Print This Email This Congress voted Thursday night to remove Nelson Mandela , the former South African president who helped end apartheid , from a watch list of potential terrorists that had precluded his unencumbered travel into the US .
Sen .
John Kerry ( D - MA ) , who co-sponsored the legislation in the Senate , praised Congress 's actions Friday .
" In recognition of his ninetieth birthday this summer , Nelson Mandela is again honored as one of the worlds strongest voices for human dignity and courage in the face of oppression .
Today the United States moved closer at last to removing the great shame of dishonoring this great leader by including him on our governments terror watch list , " Kerry said .
Mandela turned 90 on Friday .
The activist was on the watch list because of activities he undertook with the African National Congress against South Africa 's apartheid regime many decades ago .
Mandela was imprisoned for 27 years before being released in 1990 .
He became South Africa 's president in 1994 , the first year in which black South Africans could vote .
US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice recently said it was " embarrassing " to still have Mandela 's name on the watch list .
The bill to de-list him is now headed to President Bush 's desk .
 Nelson Mandela served as a beacon for freedom and democracy during a dark time in the history of South Africa .
I am pleased that we have finally passed legislation that will honor his commitment and sacrifices by lifting dishonorable travel restrictions imposed upon him and other members of the African National Congress , " said Sen.
Bob Corker ( R - TN ) , another co-sponsor of the Senate bill .
" What we have done today is the right and just thing to do . "
For a US presidential candidate , there is nothing better than a rocking anthem to pump up the crowds and project the sort of imagery that could help win the keys to the White House .
The Republican hopeful John McCain may be pushing 72 , but his " town hall " events can be as noisy as the stadiums where Barack Obama appears on stage to the strains of U2's " Beautiful Day . "
But the McCain camp is having trouble settling on a suitable campaign anthem .
After searching for months , it finally picked " Johnny B Goode " – Chuck Berry 's rock ' n ' roll classic from 1958 .
The high - power guitar licks and " Go , Johnny , go " chorus put a spring in Mr McCain 's step .
When asked why he chose it , he quipped : " It might be because it is the only one [ the artist ] has n't complained about us using . "
Berry , 81 , may not have complained about his song being appropriated by Mr McCain , but he has made it clear he would prefer Barack Obama in the White House .
" America has finally come to this point where you can pick a man of colour and that not be a drawback , " Berry said .
" It 's no question , myself being a man of colour .
I mean , you have to feel good about it . "
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The anointment of Mr Obama as the Democratic presidential candidate was , he added , " definitely a proud and successful moment for all the people of this country – not just black people , but Americans in general " .
Berry , known as the " father of rock ' n ' roll " , recounted : " In the Fifties there were certain places we could n't ride on the bus , and now there is a possibility of a black man being in White House . "
" Free at last , free at last , thank God Almighty , free at last , " he added , quoting Martin Luther King .
There was a groan at McCain headquarters as it suffered yet another musical derailment .
An attempt to use Abba 's " Take A Chance On Me " also bombed .
" We played it a couple times and it's my understanding [ Abba ] went berserk , " Mr McCain said .
Mr McCain is not the first political candidate to stumble into a musical minefield , only to discover their theme song is not what was originally imagined .
Objections often come in the form of letters to " cease and desist " by offended songwriters or musicians .
Sometimes the lyrics are discovered to be off message .
The McCain team had earlier alighted on John Cougar Mellencamp 's " Pink Houses " .
The Mellencamp back - story as a hard - living rocker who had cleaned up his act seemed to perfectly project Mr McCain 's maverick image as a rule - breaking but deeply conservative sonofabitch .
That scenario went into meltdown when aides realised Mellencamp is a Democrat activist who supported the presidential contender John Edwards , even appearing with him on the campaign trail .
Mellencamp asked Mr McCain to cease and desist .
Not only that , but " Pink Houses " is a song about missed opportunities and wasted potential , so the lyrics are not exactly on - message for a presidential campaign .
Mr McCain then used the theme from Rocky after the head of MGM , a McCain backer , gave his approval .
But MGM did not own the rights to the track .
Republicans seem to have a tin ear for music .
For a while in 2004 , George Bush 's re-election theme was the rock standard " Still The One " .
However , it turned out that the songwriter John Hall was an environmental activist who had been campaigning against nuclear power since 1979 .
David Cameron will have some sympathy with Mr McCain .
The Tory leader recently incurred the wrath of Paul Weller for expressing his liking for The Jam 's song " Eton Rifles " .
In a new book , An Open and Shut Case , Dr. Robert Joling and Philip Van Praag have joined a growing list of people who do n’t believe that Sirhan acted alone .
Joling and Van Praag , both forensic scientists , claim that after analyzing audio recordings of the assassination they have concluded that at least 13 shots were fired .
The handgun Sirhan used only had the capacity to fire eight shots .
They believe that there were two guns and that the fatal shot came from behind Robert Kennedy , while witnesses claim that Sirhan was in front of Kennedy .
According to a March 27 , 2008 ABC report by Pierre Thomas , Joling claims , “ It can be established conclusively that Sirhan did not shoot Senator Kennedy .
And in fact not only did he not do it , he could not have done it . ”
Los Angeles Coroner Thomas Noguchi conducted the official autopsy on the body of Robert Francis Kennedy on the morning of June 6 , 1968 .
Noguchi stated that the shot that killed RFK “ had entered through the mastoid bone , an inch behind the right ear and had traveled upward to sever the branches of the superior cerebral artery . ”
At a conference in Connecticut forensic scientists met to discuss their independent findings .
The conference presenters argued that Sirhan Sirhan could not have fired the fatal shot that killed Kennedy .
Dr. Robert Joling has studied the Kennedy assassination for nearly 40 years , he concluded that the fatal shot came from behind Kennedy , while Sirhan was four to six feet in front of the senator and never got close enough to shoot him from behind .
Philip Van Praag analyzed the Pruszynski recording ( a Canadian journalist ’s tape recording ) and determined that 13 shots were fired while Kennedy was killed , although Sirhan ’s gun only held eight bullets .
This suggests that a second shooter was involved in the assassination .
Other questions regarding the assassination of Robert Kennedy have recently been voiced in a new BBC documentary by Shane O’Sullivan , which supports the conclusion that the CIA planned and executed the killing of Robert Kennedy .
The result of a three year long investigation includes photographic evidence that puts three senior CIA operatives at the scene of the murder .
These three operatives have been positively identified as David Morales , Gordon Campbell and George Joannides .
All three men worked together in 1963 at JMWAVE , the CIA ’s Miami base for its secret war on Castro .
Michael Ruppert , former Los Angeles Police detective , author , journalist and editor of From the Wilderness , has conducted his own investigation of the RFK assassination , using inside contacts deep within the LAPD .
His investigation definitively proves that the assassination was a CIA operation , and he names Thane Eugene Cesar , a private security guard just hired out of Lockheed , as the triggerman .
As in other high profile crimes , JFK , MLK and 9/11 , the investigation was bungled and evidence was destroyed .
Van Praag and Joling are talking to other forensic experts around the country and lobbying for the case to be reopened .
“ What we would basically like to see at this point , is a new investigation certainly based on new facts that we have come up with , take a fresh look at this case and to bring the authorities in , ” said Van Praag .
( ABC News March 27 , 2008 , Pierre Thomas ) .
Thomas ends with “ The question is whether , after nearly 40 years , authorities will have any interest in reopening a painful chapter in American history . ”
There is no statue of limitations on murder – no matter how painful .
Matt Sullivan Social Media Pages :
Matt Sullivan is the editor and publisher of the Rock Creek Free Press newspaper in Washington , DC .
He has a degree in chemistry as well as graduate training in medicinal chemistry , electronics and computer systems architecture .
The views expressed herein are the sole responsibility of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of this website or its editors .
OpEdNews depends upon can't survive without your help .
If you value this article and the work of OpEdNews , please either Donate or Purchase a premium membership .
Furthermore , on 22 JUN 08 , Saudi Arabia 's Oil Minister Ali Al - Naimi will " convene a meeting of representatives of producer and consumer nations and firms operating in the production , export and trading of oil to discuss the jump in prices , its causes and how to deal with it objectively " .
Kuwaiti oil analyst Kamel Al - Harami added that this meeting " is an opportunity for a transparent and clear dialogue between producers and consumers to collectively explore solutions to the world 's energy crisis , now and in the future " .
Perhaps there is a chance that Saudi Arabia and other OPEC members will offer some transparency about their oil reserves to the world at this important meeting in one week 's time .
This post originally ran 4 MAR 08 , but it seems with the recent discussions about Saudi Arabia and OPEC ( for example these pieces by Jad Mouawad and Fatih Birol ) that the information in this post , in addition to the over 20 very important and related posts by TOD researchers linked at the bottom of this post in summary , is quite important to the recent discourse .
Definitions
OIIP – Oil Initially in Place
URR – Ultimate Recoverable Oil Reserves
RF – Recovery Factor ( URR / OIIP )
1. Successful Propaganda
Almost all governments and large corporations use methods of propaganda to further their own interests .
One of the masters of propaganda was Germany ’s Nazi Leader , Adolf Hitler , who said , in his book Mein Kampf : “ But the most brilliant propagandist technique will yield no success unless one fundamental principle is borne in mind constantly and with unflagging attention .
It must confine itself to a few points and repeat them over and over ” .
Hitler ’s propaganda principles are described further below .
It must repeat those points over and over again until the public believes it .
The principles behind propaganda are the same principles of mind control , hypnotic suggestion , and mental programming : distraction and repetition .
With propaganda , distraction draws attention away from information that is true and directs attention to information that is false .
Repetition of the false information imbeds it in your subconscious mind so that your acceptance of its truth becomes a conditioned response .
You accept this information as true without thinking whenever it is presented to you again .
The text in the figure below is from the event brochure of the 2008 Saudi Arabia International Oil & Gas Conference , hosted and supported by Saudi Aramco .
Does the text below satisfy the first part of Hitler ’s quote and confine itself to a few points ?
Yes , the few points stated are that Saudi Arabia is the world ’s leading oil producer and exporter , is the main force for stability in the oil market , and has remaining recoverable reserves of 261.8 billion barrels .
Fig 1 – Saudi Aramco Propaganda , 2008 - click to enlarge
Does Saudi Aramco ’s propaganda satisfy the second part of Hitler ’s quote and repeat these few points over and over again ?
Yes , Saudi Aramco has been repeating these few points for at least the last fifteen years .
In the text in the figure above , there is a reference to a 1993 estimate of 260 billion barrels recoverable reserves .
The text below is from the September 1993 issue of Saudi Aramco World :
Saudi Arabia became the world 's top oil - producing nation … and is also the world 's number - one exporter of crude oil and natural gas liquids .
At the end of 1992 , recoverable crude oil reserves in the company 's fields were 258.8 billion barrels .
That quantity is not only about a quarter of the world 's known total , it is also 6.4 billion barrels above the total in 1988 , despite the production of some 10 billion barrels of crude in the intervening years - clearest proof of a successful exploration program .
Are the points stated by Saudi Aramco true ?
According to the EIA , Russia produced more oil than Saudi Arabia in 2006 ( 9.25 mbd vs 9.15 mbd ) , in 2007 ( 9.44 mbd vs 8.72 mbd ) , and in the first 3 months of 2008 ( 9.35 mbd vs 9.20 mbd ) .
Thus , Aramco ’s 2008 statement ( Fig 1 ) that it is the world ’s leading oil producer is now false .
Is the 2008 statement about remaining recoverable reserves of 261.8 billion barrels true ?
Saudi Aramco says that the increase in recoverable reserves , despite the daily extraction of millions of barrels , is made possible by the discovery of new oil fields and improved technology in exploiting existing fields ( Fig 1 ) .
Unfortunately , there are no independently audited reserves data of Saudi Arabia but the discussion in the following sections indicates that Saudi Aramco ’s remaining recoverable reserves are far below 260 billion barrels .
Overall , Saudi Aramco ’s propaganda methods would satisfy Hitler ’s quote and have been successful .
Many governments , corporations and individuals accept Aramco ’s statements and also accept Aramco ’s repeated statement of 260 billion barrels remaining recoverable crude oil reserves .
2. Ever Increasing Oil Initially in Place
The statement in Fig 1 above by Aramco includes a reference to maintaining remaining recoverable reserves by discovery of new oil fields .
If new fields are discovered then this can add additional reserves and will also increase the oil initially in place ( OIIP ) .
The figure below shows OIIP from 1982 to 2003 and is from Aramco ’s presentation , to the Center for Strategic & International Studies in Washington , DC , on February 24 , 2004 .
According to this summary of Saudi Arabia discoveries , only one significant discovery has been made since 1975 , the Hawtah Trend , a collection of about six fields including Nuayyim , from 1989 - 91 , with about 2 Gb reserves and 6 Gb OIIP .
This discovery could partly explain the small step changes in OIIP in 1989 and 1991 in the figure below .
However , from 1982 to 2004 there was a total change of 110 Gb OIIP which leaves a very large unaccounted 104 Gb.
Page 28 of this 2005 ASPO presentation shows an increase in discovered reserves of about 5 Gb from 1982 to 2004 , representing about 15 Gb OIIP which still leaves an unaccounted 95 Gb .
Fig 2 – Growth of Oil Initially
In Place - click to enlarge
A common method to increase OIIP is to do further appraisal drilling to increase the reservoir volume , by infill and step - out wells .
However , this appraisal drilling normally results in a staggered , extremely gradual , OIIP growth over time rather than the smooth upwards trend shown above in Fig 2 .
Given the lack of significant new discoveries , this 2005 ASPO presentation estimates that in 2003 the OIIP was a more realistic 580 Gb as shown below in Fig 3 , instead of Aramco ’s claimed 700 Gb .
Fig 3 – ASPO 2005 Oil Initially
In Place - click to enlarge
In Fig 4 below , also from Aramco 's 2004 presentation , it is hard to believe that Aramco forecasts 200 gb new oil discoveries from 2004 to 2025 , measured as OIIP .
This is partly based upon their reliance of US Geological Survey World Petroleum Assessment 2000 in Aramco ’s presentation that states there is 87 Gb undiscovered recoverable oil in Saudi Arabia .
The forecast 200 Gb yet to find OIIP based upon the USGS 2000 study could provide a weak basis to a continued increase in the OIIP .
The future estimated OIIP increase of 200 Gb suggests an average discovery rate of about 10 Gb( OIIP ) / year from 2004 .
It 's now 2008 and there have been no discoveries announced which could comprise 10 Gb / year .
Fig 4 – Discovered & Undiscovered Oil Initially in Place by 2025 - click to enlarge
What is Aramco ’s purpose of showing a continuous and gradual increase in OIIP , without supporting evidence ?
An answer is proposed in the following section .
3. Recovery Factors and Remaining Recoverable Reserves
Recovery factors vary according to each field and each part of a field .
The recovery factor is defined as the ultimate recoverable oil divided by the oil initially in place .
This 2004 ASPO presentation stated that “ the average global recovery factor is about 30 - 35 % ” .
This is based on data from the IHS Energy database on 9,000 fields worldwide containing 1,400 Gb reserves .
The recovery factor bands are shown in the figure below .
Fig 5 – Recovery Factor Bands , 9,000 Worldwide Fields with 1,400 Gb Reserves - click to enlarge
Schlumberger discusses recovery factors in their brochure called Carbonate Reservoirs – Meeting unique challenges to maximize recovery .
This brochure states that “ the average recovery factor – the ratio of recoverable oil to the volume of oil originally in place – is about 35 % .
However , it is recognized that recovery factors are higher for sandstone reservoirs that for carbonates ” .
Given that the majority of Saudi Arabia ’s key reservoirs are carbonate , it would seem appropriate that 35 % is assumed as a reasonable upper limit for the average recovery factor of all fields , based on Schlumberger ’s statements and on the 2004 ASPO presentation .
Part of Dr. Mamdouh Salameh ’s expert comment to the Oil Depletion and Analysis Centre ( ODAC ) , made on May 7 , 2007 discussed Saudi Arabia ’s recovery factors .
And despite the great technological strides by the oil industry , the average global oil recovery rate has been stuck at 32 % of the oil in place since the early 1990s .
However , rates of 50 % and even 55 % have been achieved in the North Sea and also in the most recently - developed , state - of - the - art “ Shaybah oilfield ” in Saudi Arabia respectively .
But I hasten to add that 90 % of Saudi oil production comes from four giant oilfields ( Ghawar , Safaniya , Hanifa and Khafji ) , all of which are more than 50 years oil and are being kept flowing by a huge injection of water .
Oil recovery rate from these four oilfields ranges between 25 % and 30 % .
Based on Dr Salameh ’s statement , 30 % is assumed as a reasonable lower limit for the average recovery factor of all Saudi Arabian fields .
The red line in the figure below is an estimate of the recovery factor from the end of 1976 to the end of 2008 .
The scale for the recovery factor is on the right axis .
The scale for the other four lines is on the left axis .
The black line represents the OIIP .
The OIIP data from 1982 to 2003 is from Fig 2 .
The OIIP data from 2004 to 2008 is a forecast assuming that recovery factor remains the same and that annual production is replaced 100 % by new recoverable reserves .
The OIIP data from 1976 to 1981 is based partly on Fig 3 and includes the year end 1978 data point of 530 Gb OIIP , sourced from the April 1979 Senate staff report titled “ The Future of Saudi Arabian Oil Production ” as referenced on page 378 of Twilight in the Desert .
The grey line represents remaining recoverable reserves sourced from BP annual statistics review for the years 1980 to 2006 .
It is assumed that remaining recoverable crude oil reserves in 2007 and 2008 will be equal to 2006 .
The remaining recoverable reserves from 1976 to 1979 are estimated using the data point of 110 Gb for year end 1978 as referenced also on page 378 of Twilight in the Desert .
The data point for the year end 1979 is 160 Gb as referenced on page 73 of Twilight in the Desert coinciding with the Saudi government acquiring 100 % of Aramco .
The pink line represents cumulative crude oil production and is sourced from OPEC ’s 2006 Annual Statistical Bulletin .
The data point for 2007 is from the US EIA and the 2008 data point is from this recent world oil forecast .
The green line is the ultimate recoverable crude oil reserves ( URR ) and is a sum of the remaining reserves ( grey line ) and the cumulative production ( pink line ) .
The recovery factor ( RF ) , shown by the red line , is the URR ( green line ) divided by the OIIP ( black line ) .
From 1976 to 1978 , RF was about 27 % .
In 1979 , upon full Saudi nationalization of Aramco , the RF increased to a 37 % plateau until 1987 .
In 1988 , the year that Aramco was renamed Saudi Aramco , RF increased by a huge step to a 52 % plateau which extends to 2008 .
Fig 6 – Saudi Arabia Recoverable Oil Reserves and Recovery Factor - click to enlarge
Given that there is a 37 % RF plateau which may have some credibility , should the upper RF limit of 35 % be increased to 37 % ?
Some assistance could be provided by the figure below from this 2003 Statoil presentation which discusses recovery factors and possible increases due to enhanced oil recovery ( EOR ) methods .
The figure below shows how the recovery factor increases from 20 % , for small fields , to over 30 % for large fields ( green line ) .
Statoil calculated a higher improved oil recovery ( IOR ) factor by applying EOR methods .
This red line shows an optimistic peak of about 44 % for large fields .
However , Statoil relies on IHS 2003 data which , in turn , relies on OPEC data .
Since much of the increase in RF is due to the large fields within OPEC , discussed further in Statoil ’s 2003 presentation article , a strong upwards bias to the 44 % RF is likely .
Nevertheless , the increase of RF from 29 % to 38 % provides enough support to increase Saudi Arabia ’s RF upper limit of 35 % to 37 % .
This story from Saudi Aramco World from May / June 1984 edition was emailed to me on March 5 .
This is a quote from Sadad Al - Husseini , GM Petroleum Engineering at Aramco .
People talk about oil running out in Saudi Arabia , but even if we do nothing else but enhance our average recovery factor by 10 percent , we would add 17 billion barrels to our reserves of 165 billion .
This quote indicates that Al - Husseini was disclosing total , not remaining , URR of 165 billion barrels ( Gb ) for 2003 .
Adding his 17 Gb gives a potential total URR of 182 Gb which represents a plausible average recovery factor of 33 % , based on OIIP of 550 Gb. From Fig 2 above , Aramco ’s stated OIIP for 1983 was about 595 Gb ; Fig 3 gives OIIP of about 550 Gb. 10 percent of 595 Gb is 59 Gb so this means that Husseini was not talking about an absolute increase in the recovery factor ( RF ) but rather a relative increase .
Husseini ’s 17 Gb is 2.9 % of the 595 Gb and 3.1 % of the 550 Gb .
If it is assumed that Husseini ’s RF increase is a relative 10 % , this implies that the average RF for Saudi Arabia is between 29 % and 31 % for 1983 .
Applying the relative 10 % increase of 17 Gb to give a total 182 Gb gives a possible average RF range of 31 % to 33 % , which is within the 30 % to 37 % previously assumed RF range .
Thus , Husseini ’s reference to reserves of 165 Gb is most likely total URR .
The reasoning is that Fig 6 above shows remaining reserves for 1983 of about 169 Gb but cumulative production of 51 Gb .
The total URR is then 220 Gb. 220 Gb divided by 595 Gb gives a 37 % RF .
A relative 10 % increase of 37 % is 3.7 % which is 22 Gb , well above Husseini ’s 17 Gb addition .
However , the 169 Gb reserves divided by 595 Gb is 28 % , coincidentally close to the 29 % above .
Fig 7 – Recovery Factor vs Field Size ( OIIP ) , based on 8,600 Fields ( IHS Data 2003 ) - click to enlarge
An answer can now be offered to the question from the end of section 2 above :
What is Aramco ’s purpose of showing a continuous and gradual increase in OIIP , without supporting evidence ?
All oil companies , including state owned companies such as Saudi Aramco , are under great pressure by their owners to demonstrate replacement of reserves depleted by production .
Aramco wanted to continue replacing annual production with new reserves , while assuming a constant RF .
In the absence of sufficient real oil discoveries to increase OIIP enough to create new reserves , Aramco decided to artificially increase the OIIP each year to offset annual production losses .
Aramco ’s behaviour is supported by an unusually high correlation coefficient , between cumulative production ( pink line ) and the OIIP ( black line ) from 1982 to 2003 ( Fig 6 ) , of 0.99 .
The amount of the OIIP increase would be calculated after the end of every year , after total production was known .
The total production would be divided by RF to calculate the increase in OIIP to keep remaining reserves constant .
Normally , the reverse is performed .
An oil company discovers more oil then subtracts produced oil for the year to derive a year end remaining reserves figure which would vary from year to year , unlike Aramco which targets a constant idealistic remaining reserves figure .
From 1979 to 1987 the OIIP was increased at just the right amount each year to maintain remaining reserves at 160 Gb. From 1988 to 2003 , Aramco also increased OIIP each year at just the right amount to keep remaining reserves constant at 260 Gb , but at an incredibly high RF of about 52 % .
There is additional confirmation of this practice of increasing OIIP each year , to replace production with new reserves , by a small note from Aramco ’s February 2004 presentation : “ ( Note : the Company ’s Business Plan calls for a reserves replacement of 15 billion barrels during 2005 - 2009 ) ” .
Aramco ’s crude oil production for the year ended 2003 , two months to their presentation , was 3 billion barrels .
This note calling for reserves replacement of 15 billion barrels coincidentally represented exactly 5 years of 3 billion barrels / year production .
What about the effects of Aramco ’s improved technology in exploiting existing fields ( Fig 1 ) ?
Aramco started using advanced horizontal wells about ten years ago for their Shaybah field and in other fields such as Ghawar .
Surely multilateral horizontal wells and smart wells should increase RF even just by a couple of percent since 1998 .
However , Fig 6 shows a constant 52 % RF starting in 1988 .
This is odd .
Perhaps the real answer is that Aramco was unable to increase RF because 52 % has been unrealistically high since 1988 .
4. Failing Propaganda
Saudi Aramco ’s propaganda campaign is failing .
Aramco says that they are the world ’s leading producer ( Fig 1 ) .
As of 2006 , Aramco is now second to Russia which produces more crude oil per day .
Saudi Aramco says that they still have 260 Gb ( billion barrels ) remaining recoverable oil reserves .
This is unbelievable and has probably been created by artificially increasing the OIIP every year by an amount to exactly offset production ( Fig 6 ) .
Aramco says that the constant remaining recoverable reserves of 260 Gb since 1993 has been due to increased discoveries and improved technology .
Oil discoveries since 1993 have been minimal , at most about 10 Gb OIIP which is insufficient .
Improved technology is supposed to help increase the recovery factor but Aramco ’s recovery factor has been constant , at an unrealistically high 52 % , since 1988 which indicates that the technology has had no effect on recoverable reserves .
Instead Aramco just increases , artificially , the OIIP each year to maintain a constant remaining recoverable reserves .
Applying the previously assumed lower and upper RF limits of 30 % to 37 % to the estimate of 580 Gb OIIP from Fig 3 gives a URR range of 174 Gb to 215 Gb. Given that Aramco has cumulative production of 115 Gb to the end of June 2008 , this gives a range of remaining recoverable crude oil reserves from 60 Gb to 100 Gb , not Aramco ’s propaganda statement of 260 Gb .
Ali Naimi , who joined Aramco in 1947 at age 11 , prior to the kingdom ’s labor laws regulating hiring ages , is shown in the picture below .
This year has been declared as Saudi Aramco ’s 75th anniversary which would be a symbolic year for Aramco to at least start telling part of the truth .
A gradual elimination of Aramco ’s propaganda campaign would surely be preferable to a sudden elimination ?
Unfortunately , on March 2 just before OPEC ’s March 5 meeting , Naimi was hiding the truth even more , by making further unsubstantiated and false statements raising Aramco ’s propaganda to a new peak .
He said that Saudi Arabia planned to add another 200 Gb of oil to its proven reserves , which is equivalent to an absurd increase of over 75 % , from 260 Gb to 460 Gb .
No sources were given for this planned reserve increase of 200 Gb. Naimi said that the 200 Gb reserve increase was “ to reassure the world that we are not going to run out of oil in the next five to ten years as peak oil theorists say . ”
This statement is false .
Peak oil theorists , such as one of Aramco ’s former executives , Sadad al - Husseini , do not believe that oil will run out but instead decline slowly .
Just as Third Reich propaganda reached a peak in 1943 by this famous speech of Hitler ’s propaganda minister Joseph Goebbels , prior to the collapse of the Third Reich , it is likely that Aramco ’s propaganda has reached its peak prior to the collapse of its crude oil production , Naimi ’s long overdue resignation and release of the truth .
Fig 8 – H. E. Ali I. Naimi , Minister of Petroleum & Mineral Resources , The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and Chairman of the Board of Directors , Saudi Aramco - click to enlarge
After Saudi Aramco tells the truth , the other OPEC members can do the same as it is highly likely that they have also artificially inflated their remaining recoverable crude oil reserves from 1980 to 1990 and continue to hold these reserves artificially high without making sufficient new discoveries .
The two charts in the figure below show the years from 1980 to 1990 shaded in grey .
The chart on the right shows that OPEC discovered most of its oil prior to 1980 , as shown by the green area , and only about 20 to 30 Gb from 1980 to 1990 .
However , over the same decade , the chart on the left shows that OPEC reserves increased by over 300 Gb , which is greater than ten times these discoveries .
These OPEC discoveries cannot possibly justify this huge increase in OPEC reserves between 1980 and 1990 .
Fig 9 – OPEC 1980 to 1990 Reserves Increase not Justified by OPEC Discoveries ( source of BP charts : Out of Gas , David Goodstein , Nov 30 , 2006 ) - click to enlarge
By displaying the huge unqualified increase , of over 300 Gb , in OPEC reserves in the left chart of Fig 9 , BP demonstrates that it accepts OPEC 's propaganda .
Do you ?
5. Additional Information Sources
by Stuart Staniford
by Euan Mearns
by Gail the Actuary
by Jerome a Paris
by JoulesBurn
by Heading Out
by Khebab
by Ace
I have worked with Jack and Apex Moon on countless deals spanning many years .
They are honest , trustworthy , creative , and will go above and beyond to meet your needs .
I highly recommend them .
Brent Oxley , Founder @ Hostgator.com
Jack from Apex Moon was very professional , did a great job in communicating and setting up escrow account to receive the security we wanted when selling our domain .
He honored our agreement and we kept all our services for 2 months after the transaction was completed .
He was always available to answer questions and following up to make sure the process went smoothly .
I highly recommend his services .
Geronimo Gando , Senior Software Developer @ Flagship Trade Net
I wanted to thank Apex Moon for their outstanding support and guidance in working our way through the sale of my domain .
I had never been involved in the transfer of a domain name prior to this , and that coupled with the value of the name and amount of money involved quite frankly had be pretty anxious about the process .
However their strong support and guidance went a long ways towards relieving my anxieties and was instrumental in arriving at a successful conclusion .
Robert Willcox , Domain Owner
From my ten years in the Domaining industry and twenty years in tech sales I have worked with brokers , buyers , sellers , Fortune 500 companies and registrars .
I can tell you Jack , the CEO of Apex Moon , is hard working , reliable and trustworthy , he will be persistent with whatever domain you ’re working on and consistently responsive .
A great guy to work with .
John Daly , CEO @ NameConnect.com
I really enjoyed working with Jack and his team at Apex Moon on our recent domain sale .
They made the entire process smooth and effortless , most welcome for a first - time seller like us .
Even more importantly , their honesty , professionalism and responsiveness throughout the entire process was outstanding , which enabled us to complete the transaction expeditiously with everyone satisfied .
David Lakritz , CEO @ Language Automation , Inc .
The whole proces , interaction , negociation and finally the transaction of the domain went in a very decent manner .
This time I was on the sellers side .
when buying a domain in the future , I could think about using the services of Apex Moon .
Jorg Verweij , CEO @ We Are You
Having been online for more than 20 years and transacted hundreds of domains , I found Apex Moon a pleasure to work with .
After coming to an agreement on price , we completed the entire transaction through Escrow.com in just a few business days .
Brad Mitchell , President @ MojoHost
Jack has been a consistent source of great domains for us to acquire at or near wholesale pricing .
He works diligently to source some of the best domain deals in the aftermarket Andrew Rosener , CEO @ Media Options
For years , I received emails or calls asking to either give them or buy my domain , which I had since 1990 .
One day Jack Kal , the CEO of Apex Moon called .
This time the offer was from a real business person who knew how to conduct business and provide both seller and buyer a process that protected both of us .
It had all the rigor and protections of a real estate deal .
In very few days the sum appeared with the escrow company and arrived in my bank .
The process was smooth and adhered to best practices for a real transaction .
I was completely satisfied with the transaction .
Should either I or any my other associates want to sell a domain name I will use Apex Moon .
Thank you , Jack .
Dale Grady , CEO @ Grady Associates
We had a very positive experience working with Apex Moon during the sale and transfer of a domain name .
Apex Moon offers quick , efficient and courteous service .
They are a pleasure to work with !
Peter Hodge , Senior Director @ Jaguar Health , Inc .
I 've worked with Jack on several transactions .
He is a good communicator , professional in his approach , and skilled at closing deals .
I hope to do many more deals with Apex Moon .
Nat Cohen , CEO @ Telepathy Inc .
Apex Moon was fast , efficient , thoughtful and considerate through the selling process .
The transaction was funded immediately and with every precaution to protect both sides of the deal .
Highly recommended .
Perry Gladstone , Domain Owner
In a world fraught with details of internet scams , hacked emails , identity theft , etc. my dealing with Jack and Apex Moon was the opposite ; namely , it was an honest , transparent , and efficient transaction .
Jack is professional , pleasant , helpful and responsive .
The sale of my domain was handled with no strife but rather was carried out in an orderly fashion .
Jack ’s integrity is impeccable .
Judith S. Ames , Domain Owner
When I 1st got an email from Apex Moon I blew it off as I get lots of offers wanting “ buy ” a URL for a lowball price .
I was already talking to a few interested parties but they were not moving at the time .
Then Apex Moon and I made phone contact and within minutes I was offered an agreeable price .
Apex Moon helped to introduce me to a middleman ( Escrow.com ) they use .
From there everything was smooth sailing .
I would hope all of my transactions in the future go as well !
If done with Apex Moon I ’m sure they will !
Edward Rich , CEO @ A - Z Used Computers , Inc .
I have done several deals with Jack at Apex Moon and every deal has gone through smoothly and with great professionalism .
I will continue to do more business with Apex Moon due to this .
James Booth , CEO @ Domainbooth.com
I was skeptical when approached about selling my domain .
I have had silly low ball offers for years , and the supposed buyers were flaky or worse .
Apex Moon was professional and businesslike the entire transaction .
After a short negotiation , we settled on a price I thought was a good deal for me .
Apex Moon wired money to escrow.com , I transferred the domain , and escrow.com sent me a wire .
The whole process was over in just a few days , and I was very happy with it .
No silly stuff - just a straightforward sale with a very professional buyer .
Apex Moon was a pleasure to deal with !
Michael Cummings , Director @ Cloud Fire Systems Llc .
It has been my pleasure to work with Apex Moon on the sale of one of my domain names .
My transaction went very smoothly and they did everything they said they were going to do .
I was impressed with their clarity of communication and their integrity throughout the process .
I would be glad to work with them again in the future and can recommend them without hesitation .
Kendell Lang , Domain owner
We sold a domain name to Apex Moon and had a very smooth and no issue transaction .
Jack was very easy to deal with , an excellent communicator and true to his word .
We 'd have no apprehension dealing with Jack and Apex Moon with another business deal and highly recommend them .
Thomas Gibson , CEO @ Digital Income , Inc .
Jack was professional , prompt , and honest throughout our entire transaction .
He did exactly what he said he would and funded our account promptly .
I would definitely do business with Apex Moon again .
Peter Tamte , Domain owner
I ’d encourage any potential seller to do their due diligence before they become involved with a domain broker .
After dealing with many fly - by - night brokers , I was pleasantly surprised with the professionalism of Apex Moon and would certainly work with them again .
Alan Luckow , Creative Director @ Luckow Design
I was in the market to sell my three letter URL and was lead to Jack at Apex Moon .
The transaction was handled safe and secure and I would recommend his company 's services to all .
Mark Mawhinney , Owner @ Northern Audio
Jack is a smart investor and a trustworthy buyer .
All transactions have been smooth .
Giuseppe Graziano , CEO @ GGRG.com
Jamie Lynn Spears Uses Decoy to Fool Paparazzi
reportedly used a decoy ploy to escape Mississippi Southwest Regional Medical Center in McComb , Mississippi on Saturday morning .
According to OK !
magazine , Lynne Spears and Casey Aldridge left the medical facility in a white Range Rover .
An unidentified woman in the backseat was assumed to be Jamie Lynn .
They were whisked away with a police escort and were able to fool the paparazzi , who followed in close pursuit as the motorcade traveled to the family home in Kentwood , MS .
The new mother and her baby Maddie Briann Aldridge slipped away in another vehcile with a full security escort of state troopers and were taken to Liberty , Mississippi where the 17 year old has recently purchased a home .
Chalk one up for the teen who was able to pull one over on the press .
Her sister was n't so lucky when she returned to Los Angeles on Friday .
The pop star and her father were mobbed by paparazzi when they arrived at LAX .
Britney was reportedly in tears and her dad Jamie Spears got into a shoving match with a few of the camera toting pap .
Check out the LAX photos below .
Photos : WENN
簡単ですね＾＾ というわけで、こ の Processing をブラウザで使えるようになるのです。わくわくしますね！
Processing とは、ビジュアルデザインのための プログラミング言語 で、 Java のような文法をしています。 ビジュアルデザインのための プログラミング言語 というと難しそうですが、実際はとても簡単です。 たとえば、以下の 2 行を書けば、丸が書けてしまいます 。
まず、 Processing .js とは何かという話をします。 Processing .js とは、ブラウザ で Processing という プログラミング言語 を実行する JavaScript のライブラリです。 では、 Processing とはどのような プログラミング言語 なのでしょうか 。
Processing .js によって Processing 関数が作られているので、 JavaScript から Processing 関数を呼び出します。 引数には 、
サンプル ちなみに、 canvas 要素とは、 JavaScript から絵を描ける要素です。また 、 IE には canvas 要素はありませんが、 excanvas .js を読み込むことで canvas 要素を使えるようになります 。
さっきの HTML ファイルに canvas 要素を挿入します。 width 属性と height 属性で canvas 要素の大きさを指定します 。
以下のように、HTML ファイルを作って script 要素の src 属性にさっきダウンロードしてきた processing .js のファイルを指定します 。
ちょっとめんどくさそうですが、やってみると簡単です。順番に細かく説明します。
Processing.js を使うための準備をしましょう。 Processing.js を使うには、以下の手順が必要です。
サンプル excanvas .js については、詳しく解説しませんがとりあえず読み込んでおけば間違いありません。
IE 以外の環境では何もしない無害な JS なので、安心です。 ほら、 IE でも動いてますね ！
前の項でも、チラっと言いましたが IE は canvas 要素に対応していないので excanvas .js という JavaScript のファイルを読み込んであげる必要があります。 excanvas .js は以下のページからダウンロードできます 。
http://sourceforge.net/project/showfiles.php?group_id=163391
ダウンロードした excanvas _0002.zip ファイルを解凍すると、 excanvas .js が入っているので、それを script タグで読み込みます 。
サンプル こうしておけば 、 Processing の ソースコード が長くなっても可読性を損なわずにすみますね＾ ＾
Processing の ソースコード を文字列で渡すのはめんどうくさいですね＞＜ というわけで、そんなときは script 要素を使いましょう。 script 要素は、 type 属性に実行できないタイプが指定されると何もしません。逆にそれを利用して script 要素に Processing の ソースコード を書くのです 。
基本的な準備は完了ですが、もう 2 個テクニックを追加しておきます。 これは、別にやらなくてもいいです。めんどうな人やメリットを感じない人はこの項は飛ばしてください＾＾；
というわけで、ちょっとアニメーションを書いてみました。コメントを参考にしてください。
サンプル こんな感じになります。 canvas の下に文字列が挿入されていますね。 この仕組みを使う と
Processing のアニメーションと、 HTML の連携を簡単に行うことができます 。
Processing .js では、 JavaScript のグローバル 変数 やグローバル関数 を
Processing のグローバル 変数 、グローバル関数として使うことができます。 たとえば、以下のように JavaScript で定義したグローバル 変数 message を Processing から呼び出すことができます 。
Processing .js の仕組み
ここからは、 Processing.js の内部の話をします。この項を知らなくても
Processing.js は使えるので、全然飛ばしていいです＾＾；
Processing .js の内部を知る意 味
Processing の関数名は rect とか ellipse とか直感的なものが多いです。なので 、
Processing 関数名か ら Processing .js を調べれば、 「 canvas ではこう書くんだー」ってのがすぐ分かって面白いです。
あと、たまに特定のブラウザで動かないときもあるので、それを調べるときには内部の仕組みを知っておいた方がいいですね＾＾
Processing .js は全体で 1700 行くらいしかありません、なので全然読めます。
Processing .js の実行の流れ Processing .js では、以下の流れで処理が進みます。
Processing 関数が呼び出される 内部で Processing 言語のグローバルの名前空間となるオブジェクト p が生成される。 名前空間 p に関数やクラス（実際は JavaScript のプロトタイプ）が追加される 。
Processing のソースコードが内部の parse 関数で JavaScript のソースコードに変換される。 名前空間 p が with され、そのスコープ内で JavaScript のソースコードが eval される。 すると、あら不思議。絵が描画される。 では、実際にソースを見てみましょう 。
9 - 14 行目 : Processing 以下が Processing 関数の全貌です。この関数（実行コンテキスト）では、 this はグローバルオブジェクトになっているので 、
Processing はグローバル関数になります。 this .
Processing = function Processing ( aElement , aCode ) { var p = build Processing ( aElement ) ; p.init( a Code ) ; return p ; } ; で、 build Processing が
Processing のグローバル名前空間 p を生成する関数で p.init が Processing → JavaScript のソースコード変換と実行を行う関数です。
ここで注目すべきは、 p を返してるところですね 。Processing のグローバル名前空間 p を返しているので JavaScript で Processing の名前空間をすべて使えるわけです。
Hack し放題です！やっほう！です 。
32 - 263 行目 : parse この行では、 parse という Processing → JavaScript のソースコード変換を行う関数が定義されています。 window . parse = function parse ( aCode , p ) { return aCode ; } 第二引数は使ってないです。たぶん、消し忘れですね。
もし JavaScript のエラーが出る場合は、この最後の最後の行に console.log や alert などを差し込むと良さそうですね 。
265 - 1693 行目 : buildProcessing Processing のグローバル名前空間 p を作る build Processing 関数が定義されています。 function buildProcessing ( curElement ) { var p = {} ; p. PI = Math .
PI ; p.TWO_PI = 2 * p. PI ; p.RGB = 1 ; p.HSB = 2 ; p.ellipse = function ( x , y , width , height ) { } ; p.init = function ( code ) { } ; return p ; } こんな感じで、ただひたすら p に関数やプロパティを追加しまくります。で、その追加された関数や変数が
Processing のグローバル関数やグローバル変数になるわけですね。
この p にはものすごい数の関数や変数が定義されます。とくに重要なものを見て行きましょう。
1565 - 1690 行目 : p.init ここでは、実際に変換された JavaScript のコードを eval したり、アニメーションのタイマーを走らせたり、という初期化処理をまとめてする p.init という関数が定義されています。これは、
Processing 関数の中で呼ばれます。 p.init = function init( code ) { if ( code ) { ( function ( Processing ) { with ( p ) { eval ( parse ( code , p ) ) ; }} ) ( p ) ; } if ( p.setup ) { inSetup = true ; p.setup ( ) ; } if ( p.draw ) { if ( !doLoop ) { p.redraw ( ) ; } else { p.loop ( ) ; } } } ; アニメーションが始まらない場合や、setup 時の状態をデバッグしたい場合はこの関数からデバッグすればいいです。
1039 - 1058 行目 : p.loop アニメーションの開始を行う p.loop も見ておきましょう。 p.loop = function loop ( ) { if ( loopStarted ) return ; var looping = setInterval ( function ( ) { try { p.redraw ( ) ; } catch ( e ) { clearInterval ( looping ) ; throw e ; } } , 1000 / curFrameRate ) ; loopStarted = true ; } こんな感じで、シンプルに redraw を読んでるだけですね 。
President Trump And Former Vice President Biden Set To Face Off
In First DebateMelissa
Caen offers analysis of what the two candidates should try to accomplish in the first presidential debate ( 9-29-2020 )
2 hours ago
Earthquake Swarm Rattles Calaveras Reservoir East of MilpitasAn earthquake swarm of at least three small temblors ranging from 2.7 to 3.3 in magnitude rattled the shoreline of the Calaveras Reservoir east of Milpitas Tuesday morning .
Len Ramirez reports .
3 hours ago
Glass Fire Is A Huge Economic Blow For Napa , Sonoma Wineries
The Glass Fire is having a huge impact on local attractions in the wine country , destroying and damaging several wineries in it 's path .
John Ramos reports that even wineries that were spared by the flames , are taking a big hit .
3 hours ago
Tuesday Night Weather Forecast With Paul HeggenExpect smoky skies over the Bay Area to continue later this week , as winds shift .
Temperatures are also expected to warm up again , with highs on Thursday ranging from the 70s along the coast , to the 100s inland .
Paul Heggen has the forecast .
( 9/29/20 )
3 hours ago
Palo Alto Unified School District To Vote On Bringing Students Back To ClassA key vote Tuesday at the Palo Alto Unified School District will determine whether or not students return to in - person instruction in two weeks .
Kiet
Do reports some parents are saying not so fast .
( 9/29/20 )
3 hours ago
Glass Fire Still At Zero Containment With More Red-Flag Warnings AheadTeam coverage of the Glass Fire still burning out of control in Sonoma and Napa counties ( 9-29-2020 )
3 hours ago
COVID REOPENINGS : San Francisco Museum of Modern ArtCBSN Bay Area's Len Kiese interviews SFMOMA director Neal Benezra about the safety protocols awaiting visitors amid COVID - 19 .
6 hours ago
Aries Spears Returning To Standup Stage
In PleasantonComedian Aries Spears will be returning to the standup stage this Thursday at Tommy T's in Pleasanton .
The shows from Thursday October 1 to Sunday October 4 will be held outside to bring down the danger of Covid - 19 .
Spears , who has been doing standup comedy for 30 + years , rose to fame after starring in MAD TV and Jerry Maguire .
6 hours ago
Watch Black Renaissance - September 2020 EpisodeWATCH
Black Renaissance | September 2020 Episode - Featuring comedian Kevin Hart , Golden State Warriors ' Steph Curry , Oakland Promise CEO Mia Bonta , OAACC President Cathy Adams , AASEG Ray Bobbitt and Humble Horsemanship owner Brianna Noble .
Host : Jan Mabry
6 hours ago
Kevin Hart Brought Message Of Financial Literacy To Oakland And Then ...
Everything ChangedJP Morgan Chase brings comedian Kevin Hart to Oakland to school students on financial literacy , tour businesses and team up with the Warriors ' Steph Curry just days before the COVID - 19 shutdown .
Oakland Promise CEO Mia Bonta talks to BR's Jan Mabry about how to keep students on track during the pandemic
6 hours ago
Brianna Noble Teaches Kids The Magic Of Horses , Brings BLM To The Equestrian Community Brianna Noble captured imaginations riding her horse Dapper Dan in a Black Lives Matter protest , in Oakland .
BR's Jan Mabry talks to her about the work she 's doing with youth , and organizing BLM rides across the Bay Area .
6 hours ago
Dr. Yusef Salaam Of Central Park 5 Discusses New Book ' Punching The Air'Co-author Dr. Yusef Salaam of the exonerated ' Central Park Five ' and National Book Award finalist Ibi Zoboi talk to BR host Jan Mabry about their new young adult book , ' Punching the Air . '
7 hours ago
Talks Underway To Create First Black - Owned NFL Team
In OaklandRay Bobbitt of the African American Sports & Entertainment Group talks to BR host Jan Mabry about talks underway to bring the first Black - owned NFL team to Oakland , California .
7 hours ago
Both San Francisco And Contra Costa County Move To Less Restrictive COVID -19 TiersCalifornia Health Secretary Dr. Mark
Ghaly gives an update on counties moving to improving COVID - 19 risk tiers ( 9-29-2020 )
7 hours ago
President Trump , Former Vice President Biden Prepare To Face Off
In First DebateLaura Podesta reports on preparations in Cleveland for the first 2020 presidential debate ( 9-29-2020 )
7 hours ago
Oakland Afr. - Am. Chamber Of Commerce Raises $ 1M To Help Black Businesses During PandemicBR host Jan Mabry talks to Oakland African - American Chamber of Commerce president Cathy D. Adams about the organization 's $ 1 million fund to give grants black businesses during the pandemic .
7 hours ago
Glass Fire Evacuees Concerned But Hopeful After Latest WildfireEmily
Turner reports on multiple shelters trying to accommodate tens of thousands of Glass Fire evacuees ( 9-29-2020 )
7 hours ago
Glass Fire Update : Community Of Angwin Evacuated Due To Still - Growing WildfireAnne Makovec reports on latest evacuation orders in connection with Glass Fire Incident in Napa and Sonoma counties ( 9-29-2020 )
7 hours ago
Glass Fire Evacuations Turn Calistoga Into Ghost TownCal
Fire crews were in a “ run-and - gun ” battle with the advancing flames of the Glass Fire in and around the community of Angwin , while mandatory evacuations turned Calistoga into a ghost town .
Anne Makovec reports .
( 9/29/20 )
8 hours ago
COVID REOPENINGS : San Francisco's Contemporary Jewish MuseumCBSN
Bay Area's Len Kiese interviews Justin Limoges , exhibition designer with the Contemporary Jewish Museum , about changes at the museum amid the coronavirus pandemic .
9 hours ago
COVID -19 and Airborne TransmissionCBSN
Bay Area's Anne Makovec interviews Dr. Dean Winslow , Stanford Health Care Infectious Disease Physician , about the latest CDC guidelines when it comes to airborne transmission and other details about the virus .
11 hours ago
Glass Fire Complex : Ash Rains Down In Evacuated Calistoga As Firefighters Battle Flames In Hills Above TownAsh Rains Down In Evacuated Calistoga As Firefighters Battle Flames In Hills Above Town
14 hours ago
Glass Fire Complex : Fire 's Advances Slows In Neighborhoods Near Santa RosaFire 's Advances Slows In Neighborhoods Near Santa Rosa
14 hours ago
TODAY'S FORECAST :
The latest forecast from the KPIX 5 Weather TeamThe latest forecast from the KPIX 5 Weather Team
14 hours ago
DIGG THIS
In the parable , the master was not confused when his servants reported that weeds had sprung up with the wheat .
He knew he had sown good seed .
" This is the work of an enemy , " he declared , and , of course , he was right .
Today , our society is riddled with weeds .
Have you bought gasoline lately ?
Or food — especially rice ?
What ’s the value of your home ?
Is it holding its own ?
Have you taken a trip by plane recently ?
Can you smoke in your favorite tavern ?
Are you being photographed at the bank , the supermarket , the department store ?
Does the lady in Bombay who is helping you get your cable - modem up and running want to know your social security number ?
Are your children prohibited from saying a prayer at school ?
Can you be arrested for saying something that offends a person belonging to some minority group ?
If you ’re a landlord , can you discriminate between prospective tenants ?
Do n’t be confused : an enemy has done this .
It ’s not simply that the petroleum companies are greedy , or the food producers inefficient , or that the tavern - owner is concerned about the health of his patrons .
There ’s a system at work here ; an organized , interconnected series of steps orchestrated by an enemy .
The enemy is subtle .
He does n’t stride about barking orders .
You will rarely hear his voice at all , and when you do , it is soft and well modulated .
His expressed concern , his overriding concern , is always for your welfare , and that of your children .
Of course , your welfare is in jeopardy unless the environment is well treated and protected !
Do n’t worry ; he will take care of that for you .
In fact , it ’s a near miracle that the world has survived this long without his guidance .
Put yourself in his hands , and relax .
He is the State , or an agency of the State .
It is the State , you see , that has the power to accomplish these good things .
Not all of the good things , however , may be apparent to you .
Some may be hidden , for your own good .
The ultimate goal , and it has been freely admitted , is the elimination of artificial boundaries , and the establishment of a single one - world union of nations , with a corresponding single , one - world government of enlightened ( of course ! ) rulers , working for the good of ALL mankind !
It is a breathtaking concept ; the ultimate political good , but its benefits may be difficult for the man in the street to understand , so it is presented indirectly : environmental concerns , availability of oil , exchange rates , etc .
And do n’t forget treaties , which override the Constitution .
This concept will achieve reality more readily when all men are on a more or less even footing — the " level playing field , " in other words .
Merging rich nations with poor will not set well with the rich , who might , in their shortsightedness , regard themselves as ripe fruit , ready to be picked .
Besides , competent people might awaken to the fact that they have little need for government .
To bring about the level playing field , therefore , the standard of living of the " rich " must be reduced .
We are witnesses to that process .
To whom will we turn when gasoline is so expensive that travel becomes virtually unthinkable ?
What will we do when there are food shortages ?
When what remains in our savings accounts loses its buying power , how will we find relief ?
The State stands ready to deal with all of these problems !
Of course , history teaches us that the State deals with problems by making them worse , but that ’s only because of inexperience and lack of funding — or so the State would have you believe .
Additional money and personnel will bring about efficiency and prosperity , although not necessarily in our lifetime , or even the lifetimes of our grandchildren .
These things take time , and we must be prepared to sacrifice to bring them to fruition .
The State , however , is not the ultimate force leading us to a brave new world .
Behind the State , and concealed by it , is the ultimate social force , the minence grise : banking .
The banks create money from nothing , and charge interest for it .
Repayment is made possible by more lending .
The State has been the biggest borrower , but as long as it pays interest , the principle need not be repaid : the state ’s reward for legitimizing this abomination .
There ’s nothing new in this system , and we can learn from the past that it inevitably fails .
When banks first began creating money in a big way , some banks expanded their deposits ( i.e. , loans ) faster than others .
If the depositors in such a bank became concerned about its solvency , they could go to the bank with their bank notes , and demand redemption .
This was the so - called " run on the bank , " and it revealed the dishonesty of the banker who issued receipts , or bank notes , for money that he did not possess .
With the advent of the Federal Reserve , the " run on the bank " became a thing of history , because there was no longer anything to run to .
Banks no longer needed to fear insolvency , because they were ALL insolvent .
They all dealt with the same bank notes , and not a single one of them was redeemable .
Problem solved : for the time being .
Now the chickens are coming home to roost .
A system that cannot exist without continuous borrowing will fail when the cost of borrowing simply becomes too high .
When we hear officials of the Federal Reserve itself warning of the possibility of a recession , look out !
Ah , but relief might be just around the corner .
If the dollar fails , let ’s replace it with , say , the Amero .
When / if the Amero fails , there ’s the euro , which the North American Union of Canada , Mexico , and the U.S. can employ when it joins the European Union .
A currency can only fail by comparison with another currency .
A single currency , therefore , will be incapable of failure , just as insolvency is impossible if there is no solvency .
With a single governing body for the entire world , and a single currency , we will have achieved Nirvana , or Utopia .
All the problems besetting us will fade into history , as we enter a bright New Age .
You think ?
Or has an enemy done this ?
The weeds are waist - high , and growing fast .
Dr. Hein [ send him mail ] is author of All Work & No Pay , which is out of print , but may occasionally be obtained on eBay .
Paul Hein Archives
The Best of Paul Hein
Forty - five years ago , Aubrey David Nicholas Jasper de Grey was brought into the world .
Today is his birthday , and it seems appropriate to briefly reflect on Aubrey ’s achievements to date and what he represents to biogerontology .
At times brilliant , at times exasperating , Aubrey is unquestionably the world ’s most energetic popularizer of the idea that there is something we can do about aging — and not just a little something , mind you , but a very big something : we can end it , once and for all .
In particular , he argues , we can take an engineer ’s approach to reversing or repairing several types of damage that characterize aging , and thereby eliminate the process of aging itself .
Over the years , his vision has been refined into a detailed program of proposed research and development called Strategies for Engineered Negligible Senescence ( SENS ) , elaborated in great ( and accessible ) detail in his 2007 book Ending Aging : The Rejuvenation Breakthroughs That Could Reverse Human Aging in Our Lifetime ( co- authored with Michael Rae ) .
To mildly understate the case , Aubrey ’s core thesis is controversial , even ( and sometimes especially ) within the community of biogerontologists .
In the process of promulgating his views , he has unquestionably raised hackles , and has at times been subjected to ( usually well - meaning ) satire — but he has also stimulated scholarly debate , in which even his most staunch critics often find themselves engaging the issue on his own grounds .
On his birthday , it is good and right that we appreciate Aubrey for his energetic efforts in pushing a radical idea — that aging might someday be vanquished — out of the fringes and into the mainstream of modern biological thinking .
Despite his differences with individual scientists ( and sometimes with large groups of them , waving torches ) he remains biogerontology ’s most prominent popularizer , and therefore in some sense the field ’s biggest fan .
So , how will you celebrate Aubrey ’s birthday ?
Perhaps you could take in one of his popular lectures , like this one at the prestigious TED conference ; if you ’re intrigued , share it with a friend .
( If you ’re looking for something lighter , there ’s always his stint on the Colbert Report . )
To learn more , you could buy his book .
While you ’re at it , check out the Methuselah Foundation , maybe even make a donation .
Those with the means might consider attending the upcoming conference he is organizing , Understanding Aging .
Through the miracle of modern technology , you can even become Aubrey ’s friend .
Regardless of what you do , I hope you ’ll join me today in celebrating the vision , energy , fearlessness and enthusiasm that Aubrey brings to this greatest of causes .
Happy birthday , Aubrey .
Many , many happy returns .
Laptop hard drives , like the one found in the PlayStation 3 , take up little physical space .
However , going smaller generally requires compromises .
Performance takes a backseat , because manufacturers design the drives primarily for lower power consumption and heat emission .
Sony likely wanted to make a smaller console and had to settle for using a space - saving laptop drive .
That means we 're stuck with a slow drive , and the console reminds us of it every time we install or load up and play a game .
To speed things up a bit we could replace the 5,400rpm stock hard drive with an incrementally faster 7,200r pm drive .
But that 's the easy way out .
We 'd rather go the Tool Time way and slap in a next - generation solid state drive ( SSD ) .
Traditional hard drives have motors and platters that spin and move , and both of those devices take up power and generate heat .
SSDs have no moving parts whatsoever -- they 're based entirely on NAND flash memory like the kind used in memory cards and USB storage devices .
SSDs use very little power , emit far less heat than conventional hard drives , are completely silent , and provide excellent performance -- if you can afford them .
Solid state drives are n't anything new ; they 've just been very expensive for much of their existence .
A couple of years ago , 60 GB SSDs sold for around $ 1,000 .
That number is far from affordable , but it was more expensive a short time before that .
Like all things in the computer world , SSDs continue to drop tremendously in price , grow in capacity , and increase in performance as the technology makes its way into more mainstream electronics .
SSD on the right Underside Closeup
Last year we tested the PlayStation 3 with an entry - level 60 GB SuperTalent SSD .
The results showed that the upgrade did n't justify the cost .
Load times decreased , but install times actually went up .
Nowadays , we 're seeing considerably faster SSDs drop into the $ 100 territory , albeit at 32 GB , which is on the smallish side .
Spend a bit more and you can grab a 120 GB drive for a hair under $ 300 .
256GB drives scale almost linearly in price and slide in at $ 650 - plus .
We got our hands on the 256GB Samsung MMDOE56G5MXP SSD to see how it performs in a PlayStation 3 Slim .
We tested the drive in a PC beforehand and saw blistering performance .
We witnessed read speeds in the 220MB /s range and write speeds ranging from 160 MB /s to 190 MB /s depending on the run .
By comparison , we tested the stock PlayStation 3 Slim hard drive and observed 65 MB / s read speeds and 48 MB / s write speeds .
Incidentally , the Slim 's drive is considerably quicker than the drive found in our original PlayStation 3 , which had 32 MB / s write and read speeds .
Installing a solid state drive into the PlayStation 3 does n't take long ; we detailed the process in our How to Upgrade Your PlayStation 3 Hard Drive feature .
Aside from screws that are incredibly tight and easy to strip , the process is simple and relatively painless .
The SSD has normal SATA hard drive connections and is sized perfectly to fit into the PlayStation 3's hard drive tray .
The process is largely the same for the PlayStation 3 Slim , except for the location of the hard drive slot .
Test System Setup : PlayStation 3 Slim Stock Hard Drive - Hitachi 5K500 120GB , Samsung 256GB SSD .
Performance
The game installation test results show that the Samsung SSD 's ridiculously fast write speeds did n't come into play when installing games from the Blu-ray drive .
Give or take a few seconds , the stock PlayStation 3 Slim hard drive performed largely the same as the Samsung SSD .
The likely limitation is the speed of the PlayStation 3 Slim's 2x Blu-ray drive , which caps off at 9MB /s .
A faster hard drive , SSD or not , simply is n't going to make up for it .
Write speeds are only one part of the story , because you generally install a game only once .
The rest of the time , you 'll be loading up saved games , waiting for levels to load , or launching games from the Cross Media Bar .
The SSD excels in those instances .
Grand Theft Auto IV showed tremendous speed increases both when starting the game and when loading a saved game .
Assassin's Creed II and Devil May Cry 4 hardly budged in favor of the SSD when it came to saved game loads , but we did shave off a few seconds when loading from the XMB .
The SSD 's superior read performance does n't nullify load times entirely , but it does help to reduce them .
We 're likely encountering Blu-ray drive limitations again , as the disc still needs to be accessed in spite of the game install .
Conclusion
At a cost of $ 650 , it 's hard to justify purchasing the 256GB Samsung SSD ( or , for that matter , one with one - fourth the capacity and price ) , especially when you consider that the money could buy you two new consoles .
There certainly are benefits to upgrading to a solid state drive , but we would n't recommend doing so until the prices are more in line with performance expectations .
At this point , you 're better off slapping that SSD into your computer to fully enjoy the gains .
As most readers will know , I love cooking .
I am a fanatic when it comes to doing things “ perfectly ” in the kitchen and have , consequently , read everything I can get my hands on about cooking .
I am an amateur , but at least I am a reasonably well informed amateur !
This list is a guide to help save you from some of the most common cooking errors we all make .
10 Pan too Cold
When you cook in a pan which is not hot enough , things stick and they do n’t color .
This is a very common mistake made when cooking steak or other meat dishes in a frying pan .
Do n’t be afraid to turn the heat right up – you can always remove the pan from the heat if it looks to be too hot .
Make sure you use a little oil to the pan before you begin to heat it ( do n’t use a non - stick pan – throw all the non - stick cookware in to the bin ) .
9 Fish Overcooked
Overcooked fish is one of the most revolting things you can eat .
It lacks flavor , and it lacks moisture .
When you cook fish properly , it should retain some of the transparency that you get with raw fish .
Do n’t fear that it will be raw – the heat can still penetrate to the core without overcooking it .
As a side note , when buying fresh fish , make sure the fish eyes are shiny and clear and that the gills are still red .
Fresh fish should also have no odor ( apart from the smell of the sea ) – if it smells fishy , do n’t buy it .
8 Too Much Interference
When you cook a steak , you must put it in the pan and not touch it again until it is time to turn it over .
Moving meat around a pan stops it from browning .
Coupled with a cold pan ( item 10 ) you will end up with limp , soggy , and uncolored meat .
You should not fall to the temptation to give things a shove or to check for the level of cooking .
Cook based on time ( for example one minute either side for steak ) and leave it alone !
7 Overcrowding
When frying on top of the stove , people tend to try to do everything at once – putting half a dozen sausages in the pan , or 2 or 3 steaks .
This only ruins the food – overcrowding the pan causes food to boil ( as there is not enough room for the steam to leave the pan ) instead of browning .
Cook in batches and , if you need to , keep meat in a warmed oven while you continue through the batches .
6 Overcooking Meat
Most people who have little cooking experience will be familiar with the large cut of meat that has shrivelled up like a prune during cooking .
The reason for this is that when you heat meat beyond a certain temperature , the meat proteins begin to contract – forcing the juices ( and flavor ! ) out of the meat .
The solution to this is to make sure that when you roast meat , you do it on a low heat for a long time .
The great chef Heston Blumenthal ( owner of The Fat Duck ) cooks his meat at a maximum of 75C ( ~170 F ) for many hours – resulting in succulent and flavorful cuts .
I strongly recommend you check out his cook books – “ Family Food ” is a particularly good one and it includes a section on meat cooking in this manner .
I am fortunate enough to own a signed copy !
You can get it here at Amazon
5 Not Enough Salt
All too frequently people use too little salt in their cooking ( or worse still : no salt at all ! )
Salt is essential in cooking as it provides flavor and in some cases texture .
You should salt all meat before you cook it , and most of the time you should salt water before cooking vegetables in it .
It is not enough to add salt at the last minute as some foods cook better with salt adding during the cooking process .
I should also mention here than you should immediately throw away any table salt you own and buy proper sea salt ( or kosher salt ) .
Table salt contains flowing agents and anti-caking agents .
It contains so much of this stuff that if you sniff a container of table salt – it smells like metal .
Good quality salt should have no smell or a very slight perfume ( from the sea ) .
4 Blunt Knives
Blunt knives are not only bad in the kitchen because they tear at what you are cutting , but they are extremely dangerous .
Most accidents involving knives in the kitchen are caused by blunt knives .
The reason for this is that the knife is more prone to slipping .
I personally prefer Japanese steel in my knives but there are also some excellent quality European knives as well .
For those with the big budget I strongly recommend Hattori knives ( go for the HD or KD series – they will cost upwards of $ 300 a knife ) .
The knife pictured above is a 27 cm Hattori KD Chef ’s Knife ( $ 1,175 ) .
3 Using Dried Herbs
Dried herbs have no place in the kitchen .
They have little ( if any ) of the flavor of the herb they are meant to represent .
If you cook with dried herbs , you cook with no flavor .
The first time you use fresh herbs in your cooking , you will immediately understand the importance of them .
This also goes for vegetables – always buy the freshest vegetables you can ( preferably locally grown – buying locally grown means you only get what is in season , and therefore you get the best tasting veges ) .
2 Using Cheap Kitchenware
I am sure we are all well acquainted with pots and pans that are as light as a feather and coated with a non -stick coating .
Throw .
These .
Out. Now .
You simply can not get the right feel for heat with these abominable tin pots .
A proper cooking pot should have a very heavy base .
They need not be cast iron , but they should certainly require a little elbow grease to lift .
If you have the wallet large enough – you should aim for copper pots as they provide the best conductivity of heat .
1 Using Cheap Wine
Wine is undoubtedly my favorite thing in the world – I quaff copious amounts of the stuff ( in order to improve my palate of course ) .
One of the big “ sins ” in the kitchen is using “ cooking ” wine .
There is no such thing as special wine for cooking – it is cheap and nasty wine with a dishonest label on it !
The golden rule with wine in the kitchen is that you must only use wine you would happily drink .
The upside to this golden rule is that you invariably end up with a lot of spare wine for drinking .
Be sure not to keep your “ good ” wine in the pantry when you are done – drink it and buy a fresh bottle next time you need it .
The Web site governmentattic.org says NORAD and U.S. Northern Command " have released a copy of their audio files , telephone conversations and situation room discussions , from the terrorist attacks on September 11 , 2001 . "
And * governmentattic.org * has posted them all to its site , in .zip files linked within a .pdf document .
! Atenție : Pentru ca înscrierea să fie validă , dosarul complet al candidatului trebuie să parvină IICCMER până la data de 4 octombrie 2020 , ora 17.00 , atât prin poștă , la adresa str .
Alecu Russo , nr.13 - 19 , etaj 5 , ap. 10 , sector 2 , Bucureşti , cât și electronic , la adresa burse@iiccmer.ro , în format .doc , .docx sau PDF .
*** În cadru programului [… ]
President Bush and presumptive Republican presidential nominee John McCain both recently proposed an end to the federal moratorium on offshore oil drilling .
What ’s really needed , though , is a moratorium on worthless suggestions from politicians for lowering gas prices .
GOP leaders like Bush and McCain are rolling out their own nonsensical non-solutions to the energy crisis after the Senate this month beat back an equally ridiculous attempt at gas - pump pandering by Democrats .
Their bill would have hampered investment in new supply by imposing a shortsighted windfall - profits tax on oil companies , and it might have set off a trade war by allowing the U.S. attorney general to sue OPEC on antitrust grounds .
Fortunately for the country , it failed to win enough votes to avoid a filibuster .
Enter Bush , who on Wednesday said he would end his father ’s 1990 presidential moratorium on most coastal drilling if Congress would lift its own , separate ban .
His reasoning was so contradictory that it ’s a wonder he could finish his news conference without cracking up .
While conceding that the long - term solution to high oil prices is to pursue alternative energy sources , he argued that “ in the short run , the American economy will continue to rely largely on oil , and that means we need to increase supply . ”
The U.S. Energy Information Administration says that even if oil companies are allowed to tap the 18 billion barrels under coastal waters that are currently off - limits , oil prices would n’t be expected to fall until 2030 .
How is that a short - term solution ?
Coastal drilling is n’t just opposed by a bunch of Prius - driving greenies from Santa Barbara .
Existing moratoriums were put in place at the behest of tourism interests , fishermen , small businesses and coastal dwellers .
That ’s because drilling in these waters benefits oil companies but causes direct economic harm to everyone else by trashing beaches , poisoning marine life and ruining views .
Advertisement
Californians have been leery of coastal drilling since a devastating spill from an oil platform off Santa Barbara in 1969 .
Drilling proponents counter that new technology has greatly decreased the risk of spills , but they nonetheless still happen .
And there ’s more to worry about than spills .
Texas is not known for its beaches , which attract the detritus -- such as tar balls and empty oil drums -- from thousands of oil platforms in the Gulf of Mexico .
Drilling releases a host of toxic chemicals , creating such problems as dangerously high mercury levels in fish .
The destruction of our coasts is too high a price to pay for a negligible decrease in gas prices that ’s 20 years down the road .
The latest Republican oil strategy deserves the same fate as the Democrats ’ .
Unusual Discovery Near Berlin Mass Grave Sheds Light on Europe 's Bloody History
Europe 's soil is blood - soaked from centuries of fighting but rarely yields mass graves from battles that took place before the two world wars .
One such grave has now been found near Berlin with over 100 soldiers who died in the 1636 Battle of Wittstock .
Archaeologists say they can learn much from the skeletons which show terrible wounds .
The brain - computer interface consists of a baseball with six electrodes ( one under the left ear ) that detect the wearer ’s EEG signals .
In the current prototype , the system can detect brain activity that corresponds with a person ’s drowsiness level .
Credit : Chin-Teng Lin , et al. ©2008 IEEE .
It looks like an ordinary baseball cap .
But when you put it on , the cap detects and analyzes the electroencephalogram ( EEG ) signals from your brain .
It can even tell you if you ’re getting too sleepy when driving based on your brain wave patterns .
Similar technology could also allow you to control home electronics such as TVs , computers , and air conditioners , all by just thinking about them .
A team of researchers from Taiwan has designed the new bio-signal monitoring system inside a baseball cap with the goal of making it convenient and easy to use in everyday life .
Since the system is wireless and portable , and can process data and provide feedback in real time , it could be useful for a variety of indoor and outdoor applications .
“ This study details the design , development and testing of a non-invasive mobile and wireless EEG system for continuously monitoring high - temporal resolution brain dynamics without requiring conductive gels applied to the scalp , ” researcher Li-Wei Ko from National Chiao - Tung University in Taiwan told PhysOrg.com .
“ This system has online EEG signal acquisition and real - time signal processing .
It can be used in many applications ; we just applied it to driving tasks in this work , such as drowsiness . ”
Along with Ko , researchers from the National Chiao - Tung University , National Cheng - Kung University , and the University of California , San Diego , have published their study on the brain - computer interface ( BCI ) system in a recent issue of IEEE Transactions on Biomedical Engineering .
As the researchers explain , by measuring EEG signals , the BCI system can monitor an individual ’s physiological and cognitive states .
The system takes advantage of advances in sensor and information technology to achieve reduced power consumption and production costs .
Currently , the system can operate continuously for about two days before the lithium - ion battery needs to be recharged , but the researchers hope to further increase the lifetime .
The cap contains five embedded dry electrodes on the wearer ’s forehead , and one electrode behind the left ear , that acquire EEG signals .
Then , the EEG signals are wirelessly transmitted to a data receiver , where they are processed in real - time by a dual - core processor .
The BCI system includes Bluetooth transmission for distances of 10 m or less ( e.g. , for driving applications ) , as well as RF transmission for distances up to 600 m ( e.g. , for potential sports applications ) .
Next , the processed signals are transmitted back to the cap , where the data can be stored , displayed in real - time on a screen , or be used to trigger an audio warning , if necessary .
For instance , to test the accuracy of the real - time driver ’s drowsiness warning system , the researchers performed experiments with subjects in a virtual reality highway - driving environment .
Subjects “ drove ” a real car mounted on a 6 - degree - of - freedom platform , with three - dimensional surrounding screens .
The car randomly drifted away from the center of the lane , and drivers had to correct the deviation .
The longer it took to correct ( and the slower the response time ) , the more drowsy the driver .
Drivers also wore the BCI cap , which detected their EEG signals while they drove so that the researchers could compare the BCI system ’s drowsiness calculations with the drowsiness level as determined by the virtual reality system .
The average correlation of the two measurements was 75 % , suggesting that the BCI system closely determined the users ’ drowsiness levels .
Besides driving , mobile EEG - sensing BCI systems could be used for a variety of other applications .
For medical purposes , the researchers suggest that the technology could be used for home care for the elderly , medical monitoring , and exercise training .
They also expect it to have applications in controlling household electronics devices , which has previously been investigated for physically disabled individuals .
“ We will miniaturize the system and apply SoC [ system on chip ] technology , ” Ko said .
“ We also will create more applications using the mobile and wireless EEG system . ”
More information : Lin , Chin-Teng ; Chen , Yu - Chieh ; Huang , Teng - Yi ; Chiu - Tien - Ting ; Ko , Li-Wei ; Liang , Sheng - Fu ; Hsieh , Hung - Yi ; Hsu , Shang - Hwa ; Duann , Jeng - Ren .
“ Development of Wireless Brain Computer Interface With Embedded Multitask Scheduling and its Application on Real - Time Driver ’s Drowsiness Detection and Warning . ” IEEE Transactions on Biomedical Engineering , Vol. 55 , No. 5 , May 2008 .
Copyright 2008 PhysOrg.com .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed in whole or part without the express written permission of PhysOrg.com .
Explore further Brain signals turn into drone commands in Lisbon presentation
A rambling rant ... NEVER VOLUNTARILY TALK TO THE POLICE .
Share
This :
On this theme I highly recommend
The police have become the active enemies of civil society and are primarily ( by far ! ) concerned with imposing social control over your non-aggressive behavior .
The police are the main enforcement arm and unthinking muscle behind a government that actively opposes the moral and natural jurisdiction that every human being -- including you -- has over their property and the peaceful use of their own bodies .
For the love of your own liberty / safety and that of your family , STAY THE HELL AWAY FROM GOVERNMENT AGENTS , especially the police who do not care about your rights or safety ... other than considering them to be annoying barriers to doing whatever the hell they want .
And the courts will back them up .
A significant number of people rubber - stamp anything and everything " an authority " does in the face of all and overwhelming evidence of savage cruelty and injustice on the part of the state -- including cold - blooded murder and the kidnapping of 460 + children ( the FLDS sect case in Texas ) .
If a police officer were filmed shooting an infant in its cradle over and over again , these people would ask " Ah , yes , but what did the infant to deserve being killed " or " what happened before the camera rolled ? "
I have to restrain myself with such people .
I am by nature ( or seem to be ) a tolerant sort who is slow to condemn anything but real violence .
But I have to restrain myself from the vicious condemnation I wish to rain down on those who facilitate and make possible the extraordinary and unnecessary suffering of innocent human beings .
And , yes , I consider the black man dead of 68 bullets to be innocent until proven guilty .
And , no , I do n't credit the word of his self - interested murderers that " he really , really deserved it . "
In the wake of the unbelievably callous and absolutely unjustifed removal of children from the FLDS ranch in Texas , I actually said out loud -- " I hope those social workers have their children removed ; I hope they go through the hell they are imposing on others . "
Then , I stopped short .
Why would I wish a living hell on the children of anyone ?
I want those social workers , along with murderous police and arrogant district attorneys , to be up on criminal charges ...
But to be willing to victimize children would make me no better than the scum of the earth that is the Child Protective Services of Texas .
( In regard to the FLDS and criminal charges , BTW , David Friedman has
Enough ... I am devolving into a fury again as I write this and bile helps no one , including me .
Anger does not make me feel invigorated , righteous and alive as it clearly does for some people .
It leaves me with a physically sick feeling in my stomach .
I will continue this rant tomorrow when I have a day 's emotional distance from murdered black men and kidnapped children .
Back to category overview Back to news overview Older News Newer News
The NAACP may be surprised by the recent Department of Justice finding that a SWAT team did n't use excessive force when they shot the suspected killer of a sheriff 's deputy 68 times during a manhunt near Lakeland in 2006 .
Angilo Freeland was the man believed to have fatally shot a Polk County deputy and his police dog .
Nine officers fired on the 27 - year - old after finding him hiding in the woods the next morning .
They say a sudden movement by the suspect caused them to fire .
I find nothing surprising about the police shooting down an apparently unarmed man with 68 bullets ( especially a black man ) and , then , an in - house government investigation utterly exonerating the police in finding that the dead man 's civil rights had not be violated .
The police follow - up response is also predictable : Polk sheriff 's officials have said Freeland shot and killed Williams and his police dog , DioGi , after a traffic stop on North Wabash Avenue in Lakeland , then fled into nearby woods .
Apparently an arrest , legal procedure and / or trial no longer needs to precede summarily execution by the police .
The man is guilty because , well , the police shot him ... just as the Duke defendants were guilty because , well , District Attorney Mike Nifong produced an indictment .
A significant number of people rubber - stamp anything and everything " an authority " does in the face of all and overwhelming evidence of savage cruelty and injustice on the part of the state -- including cold - blooded murder and the kidnapping of 460 + children ( the FLDS sect case in Texas ) .
If a police officer were filmed shooting an infant in its cradle over and over again , these people would ask " Ah , yes , but what did the infant to deserve being killed " or " what happened before the camera rolled ? "
I have to restrain myself with such people .
I am by nature ( or seem to be ) a tolerant sort who is slow to condemn anything but real violence .
But I have to restrain myself from the vicious condemnation I wish to rain down on those who facilitate and make possible the extraordinary and unnecessary suffering of innocent human beings .
And , yes , I consider the black man dead of 68 bullets to be innocent until proven guilty .
And , no , I do n't credit the word of his self - interested murderers that " he really , really deserved it .
"
In the wake of the unbelievably callous and absolutely unjustifed removal of children from the FLDS ranch in Texas , I actually said out loud -- " I hope those social workers have their children removed ; I hope they go through the hell they are imposing on others . "
Then , I stopped short .
Why would I wish a living hell on the children of anyone ?
I want those social workers , along with murderous police and arrogant district attorneys , to be up on criminal charges ...
But to be willing to victimize children would make me no better than the scum of the earth that is the Child Protective Services of Texas .
( In regard to the FLDS and criminal charges , BTW , David Friedman has a good commentary . )
That 's what happens when rage replaces reason as the currency of law .
Enough ... I am devolving into a fury again as I write this and bile helps no one , including me .
Anger does not make me feel invigorated , righteous and alive as it clearly does for some people .
It leaves me with a physically sick feeling in my stomach .
I will continue this rant tomorrow when I have a day 's emotional distance from murdered black men and kidnapped children .
Printer Friendly Wendy McElroy - Friday 06 June 2008 - 18:44:11 - Permalink
I cannot emphasize enough : NEVER VOLUNTARILY TALK TO THE POLICE .
On this theme I highly recommend this 27 - minute video by Prof.
James Duane on why innocent people should never talk to the police .
The police have become the active enemies of civil society and are primarily ( by far ! ) concerned with imposing social control over your non-aggressive behavior .
The police are the main enforcement arm and unthinking muscle behind a government that actively opposes the moral and natural jurisdiction that every human being -- including you -- has over their property and the peaceful use of their own bodies .
For the love of your own liberty / safety and that of your family , STAY THE HELL AWAY FROM GOVERNMENT AGENTS , especially the police who do not care about your rights or safety ... other than considering them to be annoying barriers to doing whatever the hell they want .
And the courts will back them up .
Anemia and the lack of iron have been proposed as causes of geophagia .
But treatments with minerals and placebos has not often resulted in patients refraining from ingesting soil .
Some researchers have claimed that iron deficiency and anemia are in fact the result of soil ingestion .
Other factions within geophagia research point to developmental disturbances and a compulsive persistence of infantile hand to mouth behavior as the explanation of geophagia .
The habit of eating soil is often attributed to the poorest regions of the world .
But it is not clear if starvation can fully account for geophagia .
It looks as though in some countries , geophagia is part of a cultural pattern among certain groups .
In Ghana , for example , clay is sold as medication , and in Guatemala , clay briquettes with cathedral designs on them are sold to pregnant mothers .
What makes geophagia even more complicated is that clay can in fact have a benign effect on different kinds of stomach problems and poisonings .
In the US , the majority of geophagia cases have been among the poor black population in the south , but there have also been cases in New York City .
Two different researchers ( W. H. Crosby and R. P. Wedeen ) propose the surprising theory that soil eating can no longer be connected to specific socioeconomic factors but has spread to a larger , less definable segment of the northern urban population in the US .
PRINCETON , NJ -- Barack Obama 's current level of support among white voters in a head - to - head matchup against John McCain is no worse than John Kerry 's margin of support among whites against George W. Bush in the 2004 presidential election .
Much of the talk following Tuesday 's Indiana and North Carolina primaries has focused on just how electable Obama -- now the highly probable nominee -- will be in the general election .
The Clinton campaign has argued that Obama 's weaknesses among white voters and blue - collar voters will hurt him against McCain in the fall .
But it appears that the way Obama stacks up against McCain at this point is similar to the way in which Kerry performed against Bush in 2004 within several key racial , educational , religious , and gender subgroups .
That is , the basic underlying structure of the general - election campaign this year does not appear to be markedly different from that of the 2004 election .
This conclusion is based on an analysis of exit - poll data from 2004 compared to the Obama - McCain matchup in 4,000 Gallup Poll Daily tracking interviews conducted during the first five days of May .
Kerry , the Democratic nominee in 2004 , lost to the Republican Bush by a 51 % to 48 % margin in the popular vote .
In Gallup Poll Daily tracking data from May 1 - 5 , Obama is losing to McCain among registered voters by a 46 % to 45 % margin .
Although there is a sizable component of undecideds in the Gallup Poll tracking data ( and obviously no undecideds in the 2004 exit - poll data ) , the margins in these two races are quite similar , with Kerry losing by three points , and Obama by one point .
This overall comparison , in and of itself , suggests that Obama , assuming he captures the Democratic nomination , begins the general - election contest in roughly the same position in which Kerry ended his unsuccessful quest in 2004 -- that is , with the prospect of a very close race .
The more specific comparison of Obama 's positioning versus Kerry 's among various subgroups of the electorate suggests that the basic dynamic of the general presidential election is fairly predictable , based on past patterns .
Regardless of Obama 's specific characteristics , or the specific environment in which this year 's election will take place , Obama will inherit a fairly structured general election environment .
Specifics
Obama would be the first black candidate to receive a major party nomination in United States history .
This could have racial implications in the voting .
Some observers have argued that Obama has a particular liability among white voters , whom exit polls showed voted for Clinton in both North Carolina and Indiana .
The general - election exit poll in 2004 showed that Kerry lost the white vote to Bush by a 17 - point , 58 % to 41 % , margin .
At the moment , in Gallup 's tracking of the general election across the first five days of May ( with a sample of more than 4,000 registered voters ) , Obama is losing the white vote to McCain by a 53 % to 37 % margin , or 16 points .
In short , Obama 's relative performance among white voters -- at least at the moment -- is similar to Kerry 's in 2004 .
Democratic candidates at the presidential level have traditionally received the overwhelming majority of black votes .
In 2004 , Kerry won over Bush among blacks by 88 % to 11 % .
At this point , Obama is winning over McCain by a 91 % to 5 % margin .
So , there is little difference in how Obama fares among blacks compared to how Kerry did in 2004 , in part a result of the already very high , " pre-existing " Democratic tilt of black voters as seen in previous presidential elections .
Another issue that has arisen in the course of the Democratic nomination campaign this year is the so called blue - collar vote .
Clearly in the primary campaigns , Obama has done better among those with a college degree than has Clinton , and worse among those without a college degree .
But a comparison of Obama 's performance against McCain among educational subgroups compared to Kerry 's against Bush suggests that Obama is not at an unusual deficit among those with lower levels of education .
Obama loses by a four - point , 47 % to 43 % , margin among those with no college .
Kerry lost to Bush among those with no college by a similar six - point , 53 % to 47 % , margin .
Kerry and Bush tied among college graduates in 2004 .
In Gallup Poll Daily tracking , Obama wins by 50 % to 44 % among college graduates .
Among those with postgraduate educations , Kerry won over Bush by 55 % to 44 % , or 11 points .
Obama is beating McCain by 57 % to 38 % , or 19 points among this group .
The comparative data certainly suggest that Obama actually has a relative strength among well - educated voters .
So at the moment , it would appear that Obama 's problems with less well - educated voters -- emphasized heavily by the Clinton campaign -- are no worse than were Kerry 's in 2004 , and are more than made up for by Obama 's strength among those with college degrees .
There has been a significant gender gap in presidential voting for at least three decades .
As would be predicted , Obama wins among women by four points , 47 % to 43 % , in the Gallup Poll tracking data .
This is very close to the three - point margin by which Kerry beat Bush among women in 2004 .
Obama loses among men by five points , while Kerry lost among men in 2004 by 11 points .
In other words , the gender swing for Obama now is nine points , while Kerry 's swing was a slightly larger 14 points .
One of the fundamental verities of American political life is the significant religion gap in party identification and in presidential voting .
Republicans typically do much better among those with high self - reported church attendance .
In 2004 , Bush beat Kerry by 61 % to 39 % among those who attend church weekly .
McCain is beating Obama by 55 % to 36 % among this group .
Among those who never attend church , Kerry won big in 2004 , 61 % to 36 % .
Obama wins among this group , 54 % to 36 % .
It appears that the religion gap is slightly more muted this year than it was in 2004 .
Implications
Each presidential campaign takes place in a new and different environment , with a new cast of characters and issues .
If , as expected , Obama wins the Democratic nomination this year , the campaign will have an even more distinctive newness to it , as Obama would represent the first black major - party candidate in the country 's history .
Still , the analysis reviewed here suggests that the basic structure of an Obama - McCain campaign is in many ways quite similar to that of the 2004 race between Kerry and Bush .
At the moment , Gallup Poll Daily tracking indicates that this November 's election could be close , as has been the popular vote in 2000 and 2004 .
In other words , just as 2004 was in many ways a replay of 2000 , this year 's election could be a replay of 2004 with minor changes around the edges .
Certainly the current data show that the patterns of support for Obama when he is pitted against McCain -- among various key racial , educational , religious , and gender groups -- do not look like they have changed dramatically from the 2004 contest between Kerry and Bush .
Survey Methods
Results are based on telephone interviews with 4,536 national adults , aged 18 and older , conducted May 1 - 5 , 2008 .
For results based on the total sample of national adults , one can say with 95 % confidence that the maximum margin of sampling error is ±2 percentage points .
Interviews are conducted with respondents on land - line telephones ( for respondents with a land - line telephone ) and cellular phones ( for respondents who are cell - phone only ) .
In addition to sampling error , question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of public opinion polls .
To provide feedback or suggestions about how to improve Gallup.com , please e-mail feedback@gallup.com .
Years ago , before Y2 K , I read about the F.B.I. monitoring the images in eBay .
Seems that a sizable portion of the images at the time carried encrypted messages .
It was thought to be a communication portal for spies , hackers , and the like .
I would n't be worried about the copyright issue as much as having governments getting the wrong idea about you and your IP address .
Constitutional scholar on impeachment : ' It 's time to pony up '
Law professor and constitutional law expert Jonathan Turley says that America 's founders " would have been astonished by the absolute passivity , if not the collusion , of the Democrats in protecting President Bush from impeachment . "
MSNBC 's Keith Olbermann talked with Turley one day after Kucinich 's historic presentation of 35 articles of impeachment against President Bush that garnered little mainstream media attention but was an Internet sensation .
Despite noting that not all of the articles Kucinich presented were " impeachable offenses " in a strict sense , Turley says " there are pleny of crimes there -- this is a target - rich environment . "
This video is from MSNBC's Countdown , broadcast June 10 , 2008 .
Download video
Windows is a very important platform , and our justifiable pride in Linux and the GNU stack should n’t blind us to the importance of delivering software that is widely useful .
I believe in bringing free software to people in a way that is exciting and empowering to them , and one of the key ways to do that is to show them amazing free software running on their familiar platform , whether that ’s Windows or the MacOS .
Firefox , for example , is an inspiring free software success story , and I ’m certain that a key driver of that success is their excellent support for the Windows environment .
It ’s a quick download and an easy install that Just Works , after which people can actually FEEL that free software delivers an innovative and powerful browsing experience that is plainly better than the proprietary alternatives .
I ’ve noticed that many of the best free software projects have a good Windows story .
MySQL and PostgreSQL both do .
Bazaar works well too .
And users love it – users that may then be willing to take a step closer to living in the GNU world entirely .
So , I was absolutely delighted with the way Agostino Russo and Evan Dandrea steered the Windows - native installer for Ubuntu into 8.04 LTS .
What I think is really classy about it is the way it uses the Windows Boot Manager sensibly to offer you the Ubuntu option .
If I was a Windows user who was intrigued but nervous about Linux , this would be a really great way to get a taste of it , at low risk .
Being able to install and uninstall a Linux OS as if it were a Windows app is a brilliant innovation .
Kudos to Agostino and Evan , and of course also to the guys who pioneered this sort of thinking ( it ’s been done in a number of different ways ) .
It looks crisp , clean and very professional :
I ’m a little daunted at something as new as WUBI being the very first experience that people have of Linux , free software and Ubuntu , but initial reports are positive .
I did have a question from the media that started with “ it did n’t work for me but … ” which makes me a wee bit nervous .
So – yesterday I suggested folks hammer on the Heron for servers , today , here ’s a call for folks who have a Windows machine and would like to see WUBI in action to test it out and let the developers know if there are any last - minute gotchas .
Happy hunting !
This entry was posted on Wednesday , April 9th , 2008 at 11:53 am and is filed under free software , ubuntu .
You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed .
Both comments and pings are currently closed .
Journey through south of the country reveals a desperate population growing ever more angry towards the junta
' There 's at least 50,000 dead round here .
But many of the bodies have disappeared '
Wading through the swollen waters , we headed out to see the dead .
It was n't long before we came across the first of the corpses , advertising itself with a putrefying stench .
She lay on the bank of a paddy field .
At least it appeared to be a woman , but it was difficult to tell .
The body was so swollen and distorted , discoloured and bloated by the sun .
It had been there for five days and was now almost impossible to identify .
About 30 metres away there was another corpse .
The man was locked in an agonising position on his back , arms spread out , as if he had been trying to hold back the tide .
His face had turned leathery black in the heat , left here to rot , unidentified and uncollected .
" There are many like this all across these fields , " one young man said .
Such appears to have been the fate of many tens of thousands across the Irrawaddy delta .
As we travelled through the devastated , flattened communities this week , there were two questions we were always asked : how many were dead , and where were the signs of the Burmese regime 's rescue plan ?
The answer to the first question is difficult - 22,000 people dead , the regime says , with another 41,000 missing .
But that figure has remained unchanged for days .
The answer to the second depends on where you are standing .
In Rangoon , MTRV , Burma 's Orwellian state television , churns out its now familiar diet of smiling generals and officers handing out food , engaging in recovery work for the people .
The reality on the ground is equally surreal .
Driving in the former capital , I watched two men in military uniform posing in front of a camera from MTRV .
An engineer was hoisted up a fallen electricity pylon , getting the city 's infrastructure back on track .
The two officers nodded their approval and moved on to another stage - managed scene .
Meanwhile , at a school on the west side of the city , helpers said a small amount of food had been delivered by a government official , but mostly there was no sign of assistance .
All week there have been rumours that the army is too busy to help because they are hiding bodies to disguise the scale of the disaster .
The logic goes like this : if the international community knew the scale of the disaster , they could put more pressure on the regime to launch a massive international effort .
That would mean foreigners entering a secretive country - and they could stay for a long time .
Resentment and suspicion towards the regime abounds , and when we reached Bogolay many people were almost hysterical .
Near the entrance to the city a man roared up on his motorbike , frantically waving his hands .
" There 's at least 50,000 dead round here and many dead are being collected by boat from the remote villages , " he said .
" It seems the government has taken some bodies to a special place ...
Many of the bodies have disappeared . "
Certainly , given the apparent scale of the disaster , it was strange not to see more bodies .
We were told some had been taken to hospitals , but it was too risky to attempt to check such public places for fear of being spotted .
Government agents and spies lurk everywhere , and several times we feared we were being watched .
But even if the scale of death was incalculable , the stories of tragedy abounded .
Under a tree close to a bridge near Bogolay , a young man was clearly in some distress .
" My brother and sister were still holding hands when they died , " he explained , throwing up his hands in despair .
" Many children died too .
When they tried to climb the trees the snakes bit them . "
He said the government had not come to their aid and that many people were fearful about reprisals if they spoke out .
" I had wanted to take pictures of what I saw but I was afraid the soldiers might kill me if they found the tapes . "
Fear of the regime borders on the paranoid at times .
Even in such a disaster , few expected to get help - and none appeared forthcoming .
At a monastery an hour 's drive from the bridge I met a monk who spoke good English .
More than 1,000 displaced people were staying in the monastery , their washing strung out on long lines .
In a first - floor room men , women and children were huddled on the floor .
From the window could be seen the monastery 's now contaminated water supply below - a thick , green , festering pond .
The monk explained that they had no food or water to give the people and that they were having to fend for themselves , as no government assistance had been forthcoming .
" They have to do something , so they go out searching for food themselves .
Every time they are hungry , there 's no rice , no food ...
" And water is difficult to find .
There is no drinking water .
They have to go and fetch it from a lake , by foot .
" Three people died around this monastery .
You can see many dead in the rivers .
You can see many bodies floating .
There is no medicine either , so some people are getting sick . "
In a village near the coastline south of Rangoon a bespectacled monk was quietly fuming as he gathered up his saffron robes .
His own monasteries , like others in the area , had been damaged , the stupas swamped with murky waters and the structure badly battered .
His was the biggest of five in the area and families were camping out in one of the buildings , a constant chatter of noise as mothers contended with crying babies and adults berated children .
At 67 , the monk had seen much in his lifetime , he explained .
But never this .
" Many of the dead are floating out in the water .
The bodies are wet , there is no wood , so they can not be cremated , " he said .
" We 've seen nothing from the government .
But I hardly expected them to help .
The regime is useless .
They spent millions on themselves and do nothing to help the people . "
· The writer 's name has been withheld for his own safety .
In order to comment on an article , first click on the article 's title .
That will open the page that is exclusive to the article you wish to comment on .
Then scroll down to the end of the article and leave your comments there .
If you hate the ideas presented on these pages , please let me know .
If you read something that you like , you could let me know that as well .
A Spellchecker Used to Be a Major Feat of Software Engineering
Here 's the situation : it 's 1984 , and you 're assigned to write the spellchecker for a new MS - DOS word processor .
Some users , but not many , will have 640 K of memory in their PCs .
You need to support systems with as little as 256K .
That 's a quarter megabyte to contain the word processor , the document being edited , and the memory needed by the operating system .
Oh , and the spellchecker .
For reference , on my MacBook , the standard dictionary in /usr / share / dict / words is 2,486,813 bytes and contains 234,936 words .
An enticing first option is a data format that 's more compressed than raw text .
The UNIX dictionary contains stop and stopped and stopping , so there 's a lot of repetition .
A clever trie implementation might do the trick ... but we 'll need a big decrease to go from 2 + megabytes to a hundred K or so .
In fact , even if we could represent each word in the spellchecker dictionary as a single byte , we need almost all the full 256 K just for that , and of course the single byte representation is n't going to work .
So not only does keeping the whole dictionary in RAM look hopeless , but so does keeping the actual dictionary on disk with only an index in RAM .
Now it gets messy .
We could try taking a subset of the dictionary , one containing the most common words , and heavily compressing that so it fits in memory .
Then we come up with a slower , disk - based mechanism for looking up the rest of the words .
Or maybe we jump directly to a completely disk - based solution using a custom database of sorts ( remembering , too , that we can't assume the user has a hard disk , so the dictionary still needs to be crunched onto a 360 K floppy disk ) .
On top of this , we need to handle some other features , such as the user adding new words to the dictionary .
Writing a spellchecker in the mid-1980s was a hard problem .
Programmers came up with some impressive data compression methods in response to the spellchecker challenge .
Likewise there were some very clever data structures for quickly finding words in a compressed dictionary .
This was a problem that could take months of focused effort to work out a solution to .
( And , for the record , reducing the size of the dictionary from 200,000 + to 50,000 or even 20,000 words was a reasonable option , but even that does n't leave the door open for a naive approach . )
Fast forward to today .
A program to load / usr / share / dict / words into a hash table is 3 - 5 lines of Perl or Python , depending on how terse you mind being .
Looking up a word in this hash table dictionary is a trivial expression , one built into the language .
And that 's it .
Sure , you could come up with some ways to decrease the load time or reduce the memory footprint , but that 's icing and likely wo n't be needed .
The basic implementation is so mindlessly trivial that it could be an exercise for the reader in an early chapter of any Python tutorial .
That 's progress .
permalink June 8 , 2008
previously
By Dave Lindorff
Is America at the mercy of an invasion of the pumpheads ?
The bizarre behavior of Bill Clinton during this campaign season , which has seen this once smooth - talking and politically uber - sophisticated campaigner repeatedly stick a foot in his mouth and undermine his wife ’s struggling campaign , raises the issue of whether he is suffering from postperfusion syndrome — a now recognized cognitive impairment common in patients who have undergone heart bypass surgery .
Referred to in hospital jargon as “ pumphead syndrome , ” the condition , thought to be caused by debris and bubbles that are created and released into the bloodstream by artificial pumps used to circulate blood while hearts are being operated on — material that can block blood flow in smaller vessels in the brain , causing neurological damage -- this recognized condition has been demonstrated in some studies to lead to significant cognitive impairment that can show up in as many as 42 percent of heart surgery patients even as long as five years after surgery .
Clinton underwent quadruple bypass surgery on Sept. 6 , 2006 , and accordiing to his doctors , instead of keeping his heart going during the procedure , they chose the method that involved shutting down his heart temporarily , and putting him temporarily on a heart pump -- the method that can cause posperfusion syndrome .
At least in Clinton ’s case , if he is a “ pumphead , ” the only damage he can do is to his wife ’s campaign .
He is no longer president or commander in chief .
( Well , let me take that back .
If she were elected , he could create havoc as First Spouse and chief pillow talker , but let ’s not even go there ! )
But what about Cheney , a man who has had five , count ‘em , five heart surgeries , each of which offered a 42 % chance of causing permanent cognitive impairment ?
No wonder there are reports that this bizarre , eternally snarling , heavy drinking friend shooter is said to hum to himself loudly and tunelessly in the stall of the White House men ’s room !
An Afghan Special Forces policeman walks through a poppy field as he searches for Taliban fighters in the village of Sanjaray in Zhari district early April 26 , 2008 .
( REUTERS / Goran Tomasevic )
Snapshots of life in Afghanistan , as seen by press photographers over the past two months .
( 12 photos total
An Afghan soldier takes a break as coalition forces search for Taliban fighters in the village of Sanjaray in Zhari district early April 26 , 2008 .
( REUTERS / Goran Tomasevic )
An Afghan policeman adjusts his Kalashnikov rifle in the village of Sanjaray in Zhari district , some 35 km west of Kandahar , April 27 , 2008 .
( REUTERS / Goran Tomasevic )
Coalition forces cross a river during a mission near the village of Siah Choy west of Kandahar in Zhari district May 1 , 2008 .
( REUTERS / Goran Tomasevic )
A U.S. Marine , from the 24th Marine Expeditionary Unit , has a close call after Taliban fighters opened fire near Garmser in Helmand Province of Afghanistan May 18 , 2008 .
The Marine was not injured .
( REUTERS / Goran Tomasevic )
A U.S. Marine , from the 24th Marine Expeditionary Unit , has a close call after Taliban fighters opened fire near Garmser in Helmand Province of Afghanistan May 18 , 2008 .
The Marine was not injured .
( REUTERS / Goran Tomasevic )
Corp .
James Davis of the 24th Marine Expeditionary
Unit is covered in desert dust after dismounting from his vehicle as he arrives at a forward operating base in southern Afghanistan Thursday , April 24 , 2008 .
Some 3,500 U.S. Marines arrived in Afghanistan to help NATO 's increasingly bloody fight against the Taliban .
( AP Photo / David Guttenfelder )
British troops from 13th Air Assault Regiment and a U.S. Marine from the 24th Marine Expeditionary Unit watch as palettes of water bottles drift to the ground on parachutes as NATO planes make a resupply airdrop to a forward operating base in southern Afghanistan Saturday , April 26 , 2008 .
( AP Photo / David Guttenfelder )
Taliban militants stand with faces covered near the administrative department of Roshidan district , after capturing it in Ghazni province , Afghanistan on Friday May 30 , 2008 .
Taliban militants attacked and captured a remote town from the Afghan government overnight , taking captive the district 's government leader and eight police , militants and officials said .
( AP Photo / Rahmatullah Naikzad )
An Afghan woman begs for alms , as a man rides past , with a backdrop of the Darul Aman 's palace which was destroyed during the civil war of 1992 in the city of Kabul , Afghanistan , on Wednesday March 23 , 2008 .
( AP Photo / Rahmat Gul )
An Afghan boy sits on a donkey as he carries grass for cattle to his home on the outskirts of Mazar -e - Sharif , Afghanistan , Wednesday , May 7 , 2008 .
( AP Photo / Rafiq Maqbool )
Afghan girls swing in the old part of Kabul , Afghanistan on May 23 , 2008 .
( MASSOUD HOSSAINI / AFP / Getty Images )
More information and links :
U.S. Reports Gains Against Taliban Fighters - NY Times - 06/03/08
Afghanistan - NY Times Topics Page
Brian Krische and his roommate had a lot of their Netflix discs go missing before they received them , and they grew suspicious .
So , like any self - respecting and enterprising geeks , they set up a motion - sensing camera pointed at their mailbox .
The results ?
One chubby , shirtless criminal caught red-handed .
Advertisement
Yes , it turns out their " white - trash tenants in the first floor " had a penchant for checking their neighbors ' mail while out on their daily shirtless stroll , snagging any red envelopes that happened to be there .
Once Krische got the evidence in hand , he called up Netflix , who then called the cops .
The shirtless bandits ended up with a $ 750 fine and a trip to the First Offender Program .
That 'll teach 'em to steal their neighbors '
BioDome DVD . [ Krische Online via GadgetLab ]
Water supplies were declared safe on 4 July
A rabbit has been named as the cause of a sickness bug which was found in water supplies in Northamptonshire .
Customers in 100,000 homes were told by Anglian Water to boil tap water for up to 10 days after the Cryptosporidium outbreak on 25 June .
The firm said a rabbit gaining access to the treatment process led to the bug at Pitsford Treatment works .
" We have already taken steps to ensure this cannot happen again , " Peter Simpson , of Anglian Water , said .
" We have concluded that this occurrence was due to a combination of unusual circumstances . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The Health Protection Agency ( HPA ) said that six out of 15 confirmed Cryptosporidium cases in the last month had the same " genetic fingerprint " as the cases involved in the water supply incident .
An Anglian Water spokesman said investigations with the HPA would continue .
The firm said the treatment works have been free from the bug since 26 June .
After the outbreak 1,000 miles of pipes in the water network were flushed and supplies were declared safe on 4 July .
In recent weeks , as the McCain campaign has become more reckless in its attacks , the presumptive Republican nominee and his allies have begun going after Barack Obama ’s integrity .
McCain ’s campaign has said Obama should not be “ taken at his word , ” and his “ word can not be trusted . ”
McCain was asked directly whether he questioned Obama ’s patriotism , and McCain would n’t give a straight answer .
Yesterday , the McCain campaign kicked things up a notch , arguing that Obama and Democrats want to see the U.S. fail in Iraq in order to benefit politically .
The new accusation was unveiled on a McCain campaign conference call [ this morning ] , with top McCain surrogates making this charge in tandem .
Sen. Lindsey Graham said that a “ turning point ” was when Harry Reid declared the war “ lost ” over a year ago , and brought up an old quote from Chuck Schumer predicting that discontent with the war would lead to further Democratic gains .
“ The Democratic Party built a political strategy around us losing the war in Iraq , ” Graham said .
McCain adviser Randy Scheunemann joined in : “ Senator Obama seems to think losing a war will help him win an election . ”
Now , none of McCain ’s surrogates or aides literally used the word “ treason , ” but their comments were pointed in that direction .
After all , Americans who actively want to see U.S. troops die in a war and “ lose ” on the battlefield are , necessarily , anti-American .
Anyone who would look forward to American defeat for political gain is , by any reasonable definition , a traitor .
I vaguely recall McCain ’s promise to run a “ respectful ” and “ civil ” campaign .
Like most of McCain ’s promises , this one did n’t last long .
As long as the shameless hacks at McCain headquarters are going to scrape the bottom of the rhetorical barrel , we might as well point out a few of the problems here .
First , as Greg Sargent noted , it ’s McCain and his aides who ’ve said terrorist attacks on U.S. soil would help Republicans .
During the 2004 elections , after the release of a Bin Laden tape , McCain said , “ Bin Laden may have just given us a little boost .
Amazing , huh ? ”
To paraphrase McCain adviser Randy Scheunemann , Senator McCain seems to think death and destruction at the hands of al Qaeda will help Republicans win an election .
Second , responsibility for the failure of the U.S. policy in Iraq rests with the Bush administration , and by extension , the Republican cheerleaders in Congress who ’ve enabled the president for years .
Neither Obama nor Democrats in general deserve the blame for the fiasco Bush and McCain helped create .
Third , to hear the McCain campaign tell it , “ The Democratic Party built a political strategy around us losing the war in Iraq . ”
My only follow - up question : “ To whom ? ”
For all the talk about “ defeat ” from Republicans , I ’d love to know who it is the GOP thinks would beat us .
No wonder the former Rumsfeld capo , Douglas Feith , is trying to discredit a damaging interview he gave to the British lawyer Philippe Sands for another recent and essential book on what happened , “ Torture Team . ”
After Mr. Sands previewed his findings in the May issue of Vanity Fair , Mr. Feith protested he had been misquoted  apparently forgetting that Mr. Sands had taped the interview .
Mr. Feith and Mr. Sands are scheduled to square off in a House hearing this Tuesday .
So hot is the speculation that war - crimes trials will eventually follow in foreign or international courts that Lawrence Wilkerson , Colin Powell ’s former chief of staff , has publicly advised Mr. Feith , Mr. Addington and Alberto Gonzales , among others , to “ never travel outside the U.S. , except perhaps to Saudi Arabia and Israel . ”
But while we wait for the wheels of justice to grind slowly , there are immediate fears to tend .
Ms. Mayer ’s book helps cement the case that America ’s use of torture has betrayed not just American values but our national security , right to the present day .
In her telling , a major incentive for Mr. Cheney ’s descent into the dark side was to cover up for the Bush White House ’s failure to heed the Qaeda threat in 2001 .
Jack Cloonan , a special agent for the F.B.I. ’s Osama bin Laden unit until 2002 , told Ms. Mayer that Sept. 11 was “ all preventable . ”
By March 2000 , according to the C.I.A. ’s inspector general , “ 50 or 60 individuals ” in the agency knew that two Al Qaeda suspects  soon to be hijackers  were in America .
But there was no urgency at the top .
Thomas Pickard , the acting F.B.I. director in the summer of 2001 , told Ms. Mayer that when he expressed his fears about the Qaeda threat to Mr. Ashcroft , the attorney general snapped , “ I do n’t want to hear about that anymore ! ”
After 9/11 , our government emphasized “ interrogation over due process , ” Ms. Mayer writes , “ to pre-empt future attacks before they materialized . ”
But in reality torture may well be enabling future attacks .
This is not just because Abu Ghraib snapshots have been used as recruitment tools by jihadists .
No less destructive are the false confessions inevitably elicited from tortured detainees .
The avalanche of misinformation since 9/11 has compromised prosecutions , allowed other culprits to escape and sent the American military on wild - goose chases .
The coerced “ confession ” to the murder of the Wall Street Journal reporter Daniel Pearl by Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , to take one horrific example , may have been invented to protect the real murderer .
The biggest torture - fueled wild - goose chase , of course , is the war in Iraq .
Exhibit A , revisited in “ The Dark Side , ” is Ibn al - Shaykh al - Libi , an accused Qaeda commander whose torture was outsourced by the C.I.A. to Egypt .
His fabricated tales of Saddam ’s biological and chemical W.M.D.  and of nonexistent links between Iraq and Al Qaeda  were cited by President Bush in his fateful Oct. 7 , 2002 , Cincinnati speech ginning up the war and by Mr. Powell in his subsequent United Nations presentation on Iraqi weaponry .
Two F.B.I. officials told Ms. Mayer that Mr. al - Libi later explained his lies by saying : “ They were killing me .
I had to tell them something . ”
That “ something ” was crucial in sending us into the quagmire that , five years later , has empowered Iran and compromised our ability to counter the very terrorists that torture was supposed to thwart .
As The Times reported two weeks ago , Iraq has monopolized our military and intelligence resources to the point where we do n’t have enough predator drones or expert C.I.A. field agents to survey the tribal areas where terrorists are amassing in Pakistan .
Meanwhile , the threat to America from Al Qaeda is “ comparable to what it faced on Sept. 11 , 2001 , ” said Seth Jones , a RAND Corporation terrorism expert and Pentagon consultant .
The difference between now and then is simply that the base of operations has moved , “ roughly the difference from New York to Philadelphia . ”
Columnists are supposed to write provocatively -- to express themselves in ways that force readers to take notice and think .
But do such scribes get more leeway than Internet surfers posting comments on newspaper websites ?
To find out , a blogger conducted an experiment focusing on " Full - Blooded Americans Get a Vote , " a recent column by Kathleen Parker ( pictured ) , and the Denver Post , one of many papers to publish it -- and he thinks the results show that the average person is more closely monitored than are the pros .
Here are the details :
Memekiller , a blogger whose site is called Mercenary 's Cookbook , was offended by Parker 's piece , which suggests that Senator Barack Obama falls short when it comes to " blood equity , heritage and commitment to hard - won American values .
And roots . "
As he writes in a recent entry , he felt that such assertions called into question the standards at the Denver Post , which chose to publish them -- and to find out if the web department was similarly compromised , he posted some of Parker 's own words as a comment to her column and then logged on as someone else to report the material as offensive .
Shortly thereafter , the comment was removed , even though the Post had already published pretty much everything in it .
This action does n't prove that the opinions of columnists and web posters are treated differently at the Post .
The site 's gatekeeper might simply have chosen to pull the comments rather than getting into a free - speech debate with a person allegedly upset about them -- an expedient move rather than a carefully considered or censorial one .
Still , Memekiller 's stunt spotlights online equity , where readers ' opinions are supposed to be just as valuable as those offered by folks who get paid to share their views .
With that in mind , the Post , and every newspaper , needs to make sure everyone plays by the same rules .
-- Michael Roberts
Since the 2006 peak , housing prices , adjusted for inflation , have fallen nearly 15 percent .
Where they ’ll go from here is uncertain ; we are in uncharted territory .
Between 1997 and 2006 , real home prices in the United States rose 85 percent ; this run-up was historically unprecedented .
There was no rational basis for it : fundamental indicators such as the ratio of home prices to building costs , or to rents , or to personal income , also soared , suggesting unsustainable price levels .
( The idea that the country is running out of residential space is no more true now than it was during the manias of the 18th and 19th centuries . )
Already , the crisis has infected other sectors besides housing .
Credit - card and automobile - loan defaults have been increasing .
The credit ratings of municipal - bond insurers are being downgraded , and the market for corporate debt is troubled .
If housing prices keep falling , the impact of the crisis on the broader economy will be amplified further .
Both Sweden and Mexico experienced severe recessions after profligate mortgage - lending booms in the early 1990s .
Japan suffered a “ lost decade ” after its housing bubble burst in 1991 .
We may wish to think of the current economic setback as a one - act play , soon to end , but it could be only the first act of a long and complex tragedy .
How can we inoculate ourselves against a recurrence of this whole awful cycle ?
Government officials today are rightly pushing regulatory reform to prevent lending abuses and reckless behavior among financial institutions .
But that does n’t address our psychological vulnerability to bubble thinking , which seems greater than it ’s ever been .
During the stock - market boom of the 1990s , the national psyche , long infused with a Protestant work ethic , seemed to undergo a transformation , and the idea arose that we could expect to make a lot of money by investing .
At the same time , the proportion of Americans owning stocks and homes was increasing .
We should be happy that more people are investors and homeowners today , but those latest to the game are often the least sophisticated players , most susceptible to irrational optimism — one reason why the most - recent stock and housing bubbles grew so large .
Irrational exuberance is bound to pop up from time to time ; we ca n’t stop it altogether .
But we probably can limit it , preventing some bubbles and keeping others smaller .
Boom thinking is carried along by bad arguments and bad information .
The key to keeping the transmission rate low and the removal rate high , if you will , is better dissemination of reliable information — something the government should focus on over the coming years .
Many households have access to very little financial insight .
In most cases , the only financial professionals they come into contact with are trying to sell them something , whether it ’s a mortgage or a stock .
Independent financial advisers , who provide more - comprehensive advice , have typically been available only to the relatively wealthy .
The questions most people need answered are elementary :
How risky is this investment ?
Have prices ever gone up this fast for this long before ?
Can I afford this loan if interest rates rise ?
But they ’re not getting straight answers to these questions .
Lately I have been very interested in how far we can take Typography only using CSS .
Sure you can use images or sIFR to produce some very beautiful typography , but there is something unique and special about using only CSS .
It is incredibly useful too , if you know the extent you can take CSS you end up with much more flexible websites — especially ones driven by a CMS .
Think about how difficult sIFR or images get when you want to replicate that typography or typeface over 100 pages powered by a CMS .
If you can get beautiful type via CSS it makes this situation very easy and with out compromise .
There are a lot of great sites out there that have beautiful Typography using only CSS , however simply looking at them is only half of the picture .
We want to know what did they do , and how / why does it result in beautiful type ?
NOTE : Do not simply steal the design / code / style listed here , learn from it .
I have seen a few sites that have ripped off the design elements of these sites and it is awful .
1. Coudal Partners
Coudal Partners
small headline Larger Headline
Small headline font - family : Gill Sans , Verdana ; font - size : 11 px ; line - height : 14 px ; text - transform : uppercase ; letter - spacing : 2 px ; font - weight : bold ; Large Headline font - family : times , Times New Roman , times - roman , georgia , serif ; color : # 444 ; margin : 0 ; padding : 0 px 0px 6 px 0 px ; font - size : 51 px ; line - height : 44 px ; letter - spacing : - 2 px ; font - weight : bold ; 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21
Small headline font - family : Gill Sans , Verdana ; font - size : 11 px ; line - height : 14px ; text - transform : uppercase ; letter - spacing : 2px ; font - weight : bold ; Large Headline font - family : times , Times New Roman , times - roman , georgia , serif ; color : # 444 ; margin : 0 ; padding : 0 px 0px 6px 0px ; font - size : 51 px ; line - height : 44px ; letter - spacing : - 2px ; font - weight : bold ;
You may be surprised to find out that the serif font used is …
* gasp * times new roman !
Using a large bold version with negative letter - spacing ( - 2 px ) the nuances of the font really create some unique whitespace and relationship with each other .
Not using a solid black creates a very elegant look and feel .
The smaller headlines above it are all caps with a moderate letter - spacing ( 2 pixels ) and are either gill sans or verdana .
Very clean screen san -serif fonts .
The close proximity of the two different typefaces and the tension between the moderate letter - spacing and the negative letter - spacing creates a very beautiful typography composition .
The tight line height ( 44 px for a 51 px font ) create close interaction between the ascenders and descenders of the type .
2 + 3 . Human Sexuality and the Nuptial Mystery
Human Sexuality and the Nuptial Mystery
Headline Example Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet , consectetur adipisicing elit , sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua .
Ut enim ad minim veniam , quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat .
HEADLINE font - family : Georgia , serif ; color : #4E443C ; font - variant : small - caps ; text - transform : none ; font - weight : 100 ; margin- bottom : 0 ; PARAGRAPH font - family : " Helvetica Neue " , " Lucida Grande " , Helvetica , Arial , Verdana , sans - serif ; font - size : 14 px ; margin - top : .5 em ; color : # 666 ; PARAGRAPH START font - family : Georgia , serif ; font - size : .8 em ; font - weight : bold ; text - transform : uppercase ; letter - spacing : 2 px ; 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 HEADLINE font - family : Georgia , serif ; color : # 4E443C ; font - variant : small - caps ; text - transform : none ; font - weight : 100 ; margin - bottom : 0 ; PARAGRAPH font - family : " Helvetica Neue " , " Lucida Grande " , Helvetica , Arial , Verdana , sans - serif ; font - size : 14px ; margin - top : .
5 em ; color : # 666 ; PARAGRAPH START font - family : Georgia , serif ; font - size : .
8 em ; font - weight : bold ; text - transform : uppercase ; letter - spacing : 2 px ;
This site has two areas where there is some really beautiful css typography .
The start of paragraphs they use a unique mixture of all caps and moderate letter - spaced type in conjunction with clean easy to read san - serif fonts .
Using a tiny bit of margin tweaking they were able to make the serif and san serif fonts flow together perfectly .
Additional for headlines they use small - caps font variant with georgia to create a very unique and beautiful headline .
3. Seed Conference
Seed Conference
On Friday , June the 6th 2008 Learn about taking control of your own work Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet , consectetur adipisicing elit , sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua .
Ut enim ad minim veniam , quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat .
Middle Headline font - family : times , Times New Roman , times - roman , georgia , serif ; font - size : 28 px ; line - height : 40 px ; letter - spacing : - 1 px ; color : # 444 ; Paragraph
Text font - family : times , Times New Roman , times - roman , georgia , serif ; font - size : 14 px ; line - height : 20 px ; text - transform : uppercase ; color : # 444 ; Large Headline font - family : times , Times New Roman , times - roman , georgia , serif ; font - size : 48 px ; line - height : 40 px ; letter - spacing : - 1 px ; color : # 444 ; margin : 0 0 0 0 ; padding : 0 0 0 0 ; font - weight : 100 ; 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 Middle Headline font - family : times , Times New Roman , times - roman , georgia , serif ; font - size : 28 px ; line - height : 40 px ; letter - spacing : - 1px ; color : # 444 ; Paragraph
Text font - family : times , Times New Roman , times - roman , georgia , serif ; font - size : 14px ; line - height : 20 px ; text - transform : uppercase ; color : # 444 ; Large Headline font - family : times , Times New Roman , times - roman , georgia , serif ; font - size : 48 px ; line - height : 40 px ; letter - spacing : - 1px ; color : # 444 ; margin : 0 0 0 0 ; padding : 0 0 0 0 ; font - weight : 100 ;
Our friends at Coudal partners are back to show us there is more than one way to make times beautiful .
Again they are mixing large type with negative letter - spacing to get some beautiful interaction between the different shapes of the letter forms .
Using a nice typography baseline the different sizes and typographic styles all keep the same rhythm .
The contrast and tension between larger type , italics , and all caps creates a very interest typographic composition .
4. Twisted Intellect
Twisted Intellect
There used to be a blog around these parts of the intertubes .
And t’was glorious — full of mindless blabber about Apple , Design , Typography , CSS , web design & the like …
I like the term ‘ Mac- man ’ .
I think I ’ll make that my official work title … about an hour ago
PARAGRAPH CODE p:first - letter{ text - transform : uppercase ; } p { color : # 424242 ; font - family : " Adobe Caslon Pro " , " Hoefler Text " , Georgia , Garamond , Times , serif ; letter - spacing : 0.1em ; text - align : center ; margin : 40 px auto ; text - transform : lowercase ; line - height : 145 % ; font - size : 14pt ; font - variant : small - caps ; } TWITTER HEADLINE font - family : " Adobe Caslon Pro " , " Hoefler Text " , Georgia , Garamond , Times , serif ; font - style : italic ; color : # 424242; } a { font - style : normal ; font - variant : small - caps ; text - decoration : none ; color : #afafaf ; font - size : 14 px ; } 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 PARAGRAPH
CODE p : first - letter { text - transform : uppercase ; } p { color : # 424242 ; font - family : " Adobe Caslon Pro " , " Hoefler Text " , Georgia , Garamond , Times , serif ; letter - spacing : 0.1em ; text - align : center ; margin : 40 px auto ; text - transform : lowercase ; line - height : 145 % ; font - size : 14pt ; font - variant : small - caps ; } TWITTER HEADLINE font - family : " Adobe Caslon Pro " , " Hoefler Text " , Georgia , Garamond , Times , serif ; font - style : italic ; color : # 424242;} a { font - style : normal ; font - variant : small - caps ; text - decoration : none ; color : #afafaf ; font - size : 14px ; }
In this composition we see some daring use of a completely non-standard font , Adobe Caslon .
Since the site is most likely going to be viewed by other designers , it is not an unsafe bet that majority of them will have this popular Adobe font ( as it comes in all the CS3 suites ) .
If the font is n’t available it falls back to pretty standard serif fonts .
The subtle enhancements are what makes this composition so interesting .
The use of the css psuedo selector first - letter to only cap the first letter , well thought out spacing , and small caps really make the first paragraph interesting .
In the composition below , the contrast of italics and all caps with different values of gray really create a visually interesting an elegant look .
5. Airbag Industries
Airbag Industries
Headline I just came across a link to a store where a two - terabyte drive can be purchased for the price of an iPod .
Two .
Terabytes . !@ # $ %
What the hell ?!
Arrrrgggg .
Wait , uh , let me get into character here … cinch the pants up a few inches —yes , good — put on some flannel , and hunch over …all set .
HEADLINE font - family : Georgia , " Times New Roman " , serif ; font - size : 12 px ; font - weight : bold ; color : # 600 ; line - height : 22 px ; margin : 0 ; text - transform : uppercase ; letter - spacing : 1px DATE font - family : Georgia , " Times New Roman " , serif ; font - size : 10 px ; line - height : 22 px ; text - transform : uppercase ; letter - spacing : 2 px ; 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 HEADLINE font - family : Georgia , " Times New Roman " , serif ; font - size : 12px ; font - weight : bold ; color : # 600 ; line - height : 22px ; margin : 0 ; text - transform : uppercase ; letter - spacing : 1px DATE font - family : Georgia , " Times New Roman " , serif ; font - size : 10 px ; line - height : 22px ; text - transform : uppercase ; letter - spacing : 2 px ;
Airbag Industries does a great job of using very slight letterspacing to give the smaller headlines and dates just a little more breathing room .
Any more and it might destroy the surfboard look that the site does so well , and any less and it would n’t retain the grid like feel of the entire site .
By switching up the weight of the fonts and the colors it creates slightly more contrast .
You might almost miss how much thought was put into these headlines , almost a “ It looks good but I do n’t know why ” sort of feeling .
6. Timoni
Timoni
March 28 , 2008 Notes on “ An Insurgence of Quality ”
DATE font - size : 12 px ; font - family : Georgia , ' Times New Roman ' , serif ; color : #000 ; text - align : center ; font - weight : 100 ; } PARAGRAPH BLOCK font - family : ' Hoefler Text ' , Georgia , ' Times New Roman ' , serif ; font - weight : normal ; font - size : 1.75 em ; letter - spacing : . 2em ; line - height : 1.1 em ; margin : 0 px ; text - align : center ; text - transform : uppercase ; 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 DATE font - size : 12px ; font - family : Georgia , ' Times New Roman ' , serif ; color : # 000 ; text - align : center ; font - weight : 100 ; } PARAGRAPH BLOCK font - family : ' Hoefler Text ' , Georgia , ' Times New Roman ' , serif ; font - weight : normal ; font - size : 1.75em ; letter - spacing : .
2em ; line - height : 1.1em ; margin : 0 px ; text - align : center ; text - transform : uppercase ;
Timoni is another interesting site that pays very close attention to the margins and line heights of all the type on the page .
Using moderate letter spacing and almost as much space between the lines , a feeling of formality is archived .
Where the same fundamentals of type ( letterspacing and contrast ) created a less formal look / feel on Airbag Industries , this designer used more space to shift the whole composition .
7. Sroown
Sroown
Title of Headline Some supportive text Sub Line
Description and Content Sub Line
Description and Content Address
www.address.com
PARAGRAPH margin : 0 px ; padding : 0 px ; font - size : 11 px ; color : # fff ; clear : both ; padding - bottom : 6 px ; GRAY PARAGRAPH display : block ; color : # 666 ; font - size : 9 px ; padding - top : 5 px ; HEADLINE margin : 0 px ; padding : 0 px ; display : block ; font - weight : normal ; font - family : Arial , Helvetica , sans - serif ; font - size : 28 px ; letter - spacing : - 1 px ; color : # fff ; line - height : 24 px ; 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 PARAGRAPH
margin : 0 px ; padding : 0 px ; font - size : 11 px ; color : # fff ; clear : both ; padding - bottom : 6px ; GRAY PARAGRAPH display : block ; color : # 666 ; font - size : 9px ; padding - top : 5 px ; HEADLINE margin : 0 px ; padding : 0 px ; display : block ; font - weight : normal ; font - family : Arial , Helvetica , sans - serif ; font - size : 28 px ; letter - spacing : - 1px ; color : # fff ; line - height : 24px ;
Sroown takes an approach not yet seen in these examples .
Using a standard san - serif font , Arial , and applying some negative letter spacing to make it look thin and elegant .
At first glance of the site I hardly recognized the typeface , and figured the designer was using sIFR .
Using tight line heights the headline is uniform and balanced .
The support copy simply follows a simple baseline and stays out of the way of more interesting type of the page .
8 . I love Typography
I love typography
Sunday Type : Ale Paul type
In the Beginning
HEADLINE font - family : Georgia , " Times New Roman " , Times , serif ; font - size : 24 px ; margin - top : 5 px ; margin - bottom : 0 px ; text - align : center ; font - weight : normal ; color : # 222 ; SUBHEADLINE font - family : " Lucida Grande " , Tahoma ; font - size : 10 px ; font - weight : lighter ; font - variant : normal ; text - transform : uppercase ; color : # 666666 ; margin - top : 10 px ; text - align : center ! important ; letter - spacing : 0.3em ; 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 HEADLINE font - family : Georgia , " Times New Roman " , Times , serif ; font - size : 24px ; margin - top : 5 px ; margin - bottom : 0 px ; text - align : center ; font - weight : normal ; color : # 222 ; SUBHEADLINE font - family : " Lucida Grande " , Tahoma ; font - size : 10 px ; font - weight : lighter ; font - variant : normal ; text - transform : uppercase ; color : # 666666 ; margin - top : 10 px ; text - align : center !
important ; letter - spacing : 0.3em ;
“ I love typography ” proves that the site owner is not kidding with some beautiful headlines ( and beautiful CSS type all over the site ) .
In the case of the headlines , the real interesting and elegant CSS typography is the subheadline .
Contrasting Georgia with Lucida Sans , a very clean san - serif font ( especially when it is all caps ) is a subtle way to display class through type .
The generous letter spacing really emphasizes each and every form of the sub headline , creating both visual interest and visual communication .
9 . The Big Noob
The Big Noob
May 8 , 2008 HOW Now Conference Cow HOW you get to Boston is up to you .
WHO and WHAT you do while here — that is the question .
DATE font - size : 85 % ; text - transform : uppercase ; letter - spacing : 1 px ; color : # bbb ; font - size : 10 px ; font - family : " Lucida Grande " , Verdana , Helvetica , Arial , sans - serif ; font - weight : 100 ; HEADLINE font : bold 34px " Century Schoolbook " , Georgia , Times , serif ; color : # 333 ; line - height : 90 % ; margin : .2em 0 .4em 0 ; letter - spacing : - 2 px ; TAG color : # 76879b ; font - size : 10 px ; margin : 5 px ; font - family : " Lucida Grande " , Verdana , Helvetica , Arial , sans - serif ; font - size : 11 px ; 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 DATE font - size : 85 % ; text - transform : uppercase ; letter - spacing : 1px ; color : # bbb ; font - size : 10 px ; font - family : " Lucida Grande " , Verdana , Helvetica , Arial , sans - serif ; font - weight : 100 ; HEADLINE font : bold 34px " Century Schoolbook " , Georgia , Times , serif ; color : # 333 ; line - height : 90 % ; margin : . 2 em 0 . 4em 0 ; letter - spacing : - 2px ; TAG color : # 76879b ; font - size : 10 px ; margin : 5 px ; font - family : " Lucida Grande " , Verdana , Helvetica , Arial , sans - serif ; font - size : 11 px ;
“ The Big Noob ” is no noob when it comes to typography …
OK bad jokes aside , here is another great example of contrasting ultra clean , small , generously letter - spaced san - serif fonts , with tighter and larger serif fonts for headlines .
In this case the designer applied ample letter - spacing to the date of the headline , negative letter spacing to the headline , and left the snippet from the post in the middle .
Because of the alteration of color , whitespace , and font size the whole composition ends up very balanced and visually stimulating .
10 . Quipsologies
Quipsologies
QUIPSOLOGIES , A DIVISION OF UNDERCONSIDERATION ,
IS BENT ON KEEPING THE DESIGN COMMUNITY
AWARE OF AS MANY THINGS AS POSSIBLE
THROUGH AN EVER - GROWING CLUSTER OF CREATIVE
MORSELS FOUND ON - AND OFF - LINE .
No. 4 “ Dr. Fredric J. Baur was so proud of having designed the container for Pringles potato crisps that he asked his family to bury him in one . ”
Enough said .
[ Via Unbeige ] QUIPPED BY ArminJun.02.2008
HEADLINES font - family : georgia , serif ; color : #381704 ; font - size : 10 px ; letter - spacing : 0.1em ; line - height :200 % ; padding - top:11 px ; NUMBER font - family : georgia , serif ; color : # 3B200 F ; font - size : 16 px ; font - weight : bold ; line - height : 125 % ; text - align : center ; QUIPPED SECTION font - family : georgia , serif ; color : #786E69 ; font - size : 10 px ; font - weight : bold ; letter - spacing : .1 em ; text - transform : uppercase ; padding - bottom : 3 px ; font - family : georgia , serif ; color : #786E69 ; font - size : 10 px ; font - weight : bold ; font - style: italic ; letter - spacing : .1 em ; padding - bottom : 35 px ; PARAGRAPH font - family : georgia , serif ; color : #381704 ; font - size : 12 px ; font - weight : normal ; line - height : 150 % ; padding :0 px ; 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 HEADLINES
font - family : georgia , serif ; color : # 381704 ; font - size : 10 px ; letter - spacing : 0.1em ; line - height : 200 % ; padding - top : 11 px ; NUMBER font - family : georgia , serif ; color : # 3B200 F ; font - size : 16px ; font - weight : bold ; line - height : 125 % ; text - align : center ; QUIPPED SECTION font - family : georgia , serif ; color : # 786E69 ; font - size : 10 px ; font - weight : bold ; letter - spacing : .
1em ; text - transform : uppercase ; padding - bottom : 3 px ; font - family : georgia , serif ; color : # 786E69 ; font - size : 10 px ; font - weight : bold ; font - style : italic ; letter - spacing : .
1em ; padding - bottom : 35 px ; PARAGRAPH font - family : georgia , serif ; color : # 381704 ; font - size : 12px ; font - weight : normal ; line - height : 150 % ; padding : 0 px ;
Quipsologies finds new and interesting ways to use type all over their site .
The great thing is , they stick to one typeface yet make it work for so many different situations .
The headline section has ample use of letter - spacing in conjunction with a very wide line - height ( 200 % ! ) .
The smaller sized all caps make it easy to read and engaging .
The bolder and larger numbers on the site stick out highlighting the items that have been “ Quipped , ” really pointing you towards the main reason for the sites existence .
The headline previous is more of a general description to be read once to understand , then never again .
The copy text is clean and easy to read due to plenty of line height and Georgia as the typeface .
Finally the quipped section is a lighter brown to take the focus and emphasis off of the element , with a contrasted bold / italics and some mild letter - spacing for a tad extra breathing room .
Done !
Those are the examples that I have found around the net .
Are there any that I have missed ?
Remember , use these examples and the code to learn the techniques that these designers have mastered to enhance their work through typography .
Do not outright steal any of it .
If you fail to understand it I assure you that it will simply look out of place and detract from the design rather than add to it .
And there are many great opportunities to use CSS and typography for great visual effects , do n’t be so quick to jump to sIFR or images .
U.S. vehicles sales declined 10.7 % in May , the result of a plunge in truck sales that is shifting the competitive landscape in the world 's largest automobile market .
General Motors Corp.'s sales fell 27 % , to 268,892 vehicles , according to Autodata Corp .
That pulled GM 's market share down to 19.2 % , the lowest level in at least 50 years .
GM , a big seller of trucks , used to control half the U.S. market .
Now , it is in a much - closer race for No. 1 in car sales with Toyota Motor Corp. , which sold 257,404 vehicles .
Toyota had a market share of 18.4 % .
Ford Motor Co. 's F - 150 pickup truck has been the No. 1 seller almost every month over the past three decades .
But in May , as consumers flocked to fuel - sipping models , two cars from Toyota and two from Honda Motor Co. outsold the F - 150 , pushing it down to the No. 5 spot in sales .
The move to cars is " breathtaking , " Jim Farley , Ford 's group vice president of marketing , said in a conference call .
" I would say [ it 's ] the most dramatic shift in customer segmentation potentially in two or three decades . "
Frustrated with poor mechanics in RPGs , Shackleton is trying to make a Better RPG .
It 's called Elements Eight .
The rules are largely in place , although the document is still messy , and there 's a good deal of detail still to be done .
If you would like to test it out and you have the patience to decipher its present format , feel free to contact me .
New York Times Count of Superdelegates
Based on public announcements , verified lists from the Clinton and Obama campaigns and telephone surveys by The New York Times and CBS News .
The tally below does not include confidential responses to the telephone poll , unless the delegate 's preference was subsequently publicly announced .
Chart of superdelegate changes since March .
Choosing " Places won by Clinton " in the " Where " filter shows the delegates from states that Mrs. Clinton won ; in the case of superdelegates who are representatives , it shows those whose congressional districts were won by Mrs. Clinton .
Congressional district results are not available for some states .
Superdelegates representing Michigan , Florida and Democrats abroad have half a vote .
Superdelegates yet to be named are not included in the tallies .
Filters
Where : Show all states --- Places won by Clinton Places won by Obama --- Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District of Columbia Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming --- American Samoa Guam Puerto Rico Virgin Islands Democrats abroad
Position : Show all --- Governors Senators Representatives Party officials
Add on delegates
Other : Show all --- Men Women --- Supported Edwards
789.5 of 789.5 delegate votes | Listingofdelegate votes | show all
Delegates representing 35 votes have not been named
McDonalds is a global presence but each nation has some leeway in what products they put on the menu .
Thus , the presence of teriyaki burgers and shrimp sandwiches at McDonalds Japan is no surprise .
Their other offerings ARE surprising , however ... even shocking - and I 'm not talking about whale nuggets , either ( though the allusion to great size is fitting ) .
No , it 's the burgers .
Multi-layered , hypercaloric extravaganzas that make the Whopper look like a whimper .
Most of the super - sized sandwiches - marketed by McDonalds Japan under the " MEGA " moniker - are sold for a limited time only .
Which is actually a good thing , as a steady diet of these monsters would severely limit your time on the planet .
Take the " Mega Terayaki " , for instance ... made ( " built " is perhaps a better word ) with two pork patties topped with teriyaki sauce and sweet lemon mayonnaise , the Mega Teriyaki weighs in at a whoppering 903 calories and packs 64.3 grams of fat !
There 's a very good reason why McDonalds Japan continues to roll out new and ever more massive mega burgers - the Japanese love them !
Over 3.32 million of the original Mega Macs were sold in their first weekend back in January of 2007 , nearly twice what McDonalds Japan product planners anticipated .
The scheduled 3 - week run was extended indefinitely as a result .
For a mere 350 yen ( about $ 3.50 ) , the Mega Mac offers hungry ( and you 'd better be ) customers four beef patties , cheese & dressing along with a trio of sesame seed buns .
If you can eat the whole thing , you 've just inflicted 754 calories from 45.9 grams of fat on your circulatory system .
Now that 's gotta heart !
Even breakfast has succumbed to the relentless push for mega-ness : as the new " Mega Muffin " so graphically demonstrates .
Calorie & fat counts are not yet available but the numbers have got to be mega - scary .
How can they not be , when each Mega Muffin is throwing 2 pork sausages , 1 egg , bacon , cheese , and ketchup your way ?
And you just know you 're gonna hear " would you like fries with that ? " ... resist that siren song , if you can !
All of this burger bloating seems so out of character for Japan , land of artistically designed sushi eaten slowly and delicately with lacquered chopsticks .
The only thing I can think of is that if Godzilla returns to finally finish off
Tokyo , he 'll stuff himself so full of Mega Teriyaki burgers that there 'll be no room left to gobble the Ginza .
( via A Rinkya Blog )
Test Your Morality
What drives your sense of right and wrong ?
Help scientists research the origins of moral instincts and discover your own moral characteristics .
Duration : 25 minutes
The Big Risk Test
Discover what sort of risk taker you are and the factors that affect the big decisons in your life .
Duration : 20 minutes
How Musical are You ?
Discover your complex relationship with music .
Uncover your five factors of musicality and test your sense of rhythm and pitch .
Duration : 20 minutes
The Stress Test
Is stress triggered by genes or by lifestyle ?
Help us investigate and get personalised tips for improving your mental wellbeing .
Duration : 20 minutes
Art and Personality
Is there a connection between your personality type and the art that you like ?
Duration : 15 minutes
Is Seeing Believing ?
Find out the tricks illusions play on our senses and learn how they fool us .
Duration : 15 minutes
Disgust
What makes you squirm and say " yuck " ?
Test your sensitivity to disgust .
Duration : 10 minutes
Morals
Are you a pillar of society , or do you look after number one ?
Find out how moral you are .
Duration : 12 minutes
Lonely hearts
Make your lonely hearts advert to reveal the hidden message of attraction .
Duration : 2 minutes
Self - control
Are you a slave to your habits ?
Test your self - control against the rest of the nation .
Duration : 7 minutes
Perfectionism
Do your friends tell you you 're fussy and meticulous ?
Find out if you 're a perfectionist .
Duration : 10 minutes
Adultery
Are you at risk of having an affair ?
Duration : 10 minutes
Sniffing the decades
Can scientists predict your childhood decade from the smells you find nostalgic ?
Duration : 3 minutes
Again a phenomena of multiple suns has appeared in Russian skies .
It ’s not something unique , it happened before and it looks really nice .
There is also a video down there .
And a video :
The great ocean migration ... thousands of majestic stingrays swim to new seas
Like autumn leaves floating in a sunlit pond , this vast expanse of magnificent stingrays animates the bright blue seas of the Gulf of Mexico .
Taken off the coast of Mexico's Holbox Island by amateur photographer Sandra Critelli , this breathtaking picture captures the migration of thousands of rays as they follow the clockwise current from Mexico 's Yucatan peninsula to western Florida .
Measuring up to 6ft 6in across , poisonous golden cow - nose rays migrate in groups - or ' fevers ' - of up to 10,000 as they glide their way silently towards their summer feeding grounds .
Magical : Golden Rays migrating in the Gulf of Mexico
They migrate twice yearly : north in late spring ( as pictured here ) and south in late autumn .
There are around 70 species of stingray in the world 's oceans , but these cow - nose rays ( Rhinoptera bonasus ) have distinctive , highdomed heads , giving them a curiously bovine appearance .
But despite their placid looks , they are still armed with a poisonous stinger , which can be deadly to humans ( even though sharks , their main predators , are more likely to provoke them ) .
The stinger , a razor - sharp spine that grows from the creature 's whip - like tail , can reach almost 15 inches in length and carries a heady dose of venom .
It was a similar stinger that killed the hugely popular Australian naturalist Steve Irwin in 2006 .
Arc :
The rays , swimming in a long line , was spotted by amateur photographer Sandra Critelli
But even equipped with this powerful punch , cow - nose stingrays are shy and non-threatening in large ' fevers ' .
Even when isolated , they will attack only when cornered or threatened .
Unlike other stingrays , they rarely rest on the seabed ( where unsuspecting humans can step on them ) and prefer to be on the move .
They migrate long distances , and can be found as far south as the Caribbean and as far north as New England .
They use their extended pectoral fins to swim , and often turn upside down , curling their fin tips above the surface of the water - leaving terrified swimmers convinced that they have seen a shark .
Close up :
The rays , properly known as Cow - nosed Stingrays , are known because of their bovine - like high - domed heads
Their flexible fins also come in handy when rustling up food .
By flapping them rapidly over the seabed , they stir up sand and reveal crabs , shellfish and oysters , which they then feed on using their powerful , grinding teeth .
Their particular fondness for shellfish has made them public enemy number one with oyster fishermen .
But despite this , their numbers are exploding , thanks in part to rising sea temperatures .
They mate every winter , and females produce a litter of five to ten young .
Stunning : Onlookers watch as thousands of Golden rays make their migration in the Gulf of Mexico
Stingrays ( which are related to skates and sharks ) have never been widely fished for food , mainly because of their rubbery flesh .
But barbecued stingray and dried fins are common in Singapore and Malaysia , while pickled stingray remains a traditional favourite in Iceland .
' It was an unforgettable image , ' said photographer Critelli .
Presidents sure do say the darndest things , do n't they ?
During his eight years in office , President George W. Bush gave us some great laughs .
Many of his quotes — often called Bushisms — were among the best political humor we saw in modern history .
Yes , the late night hosts and " Saturday Night Live " did have a lot of fun with him , but we really did n't need professional comedians .
Bush set himself up for a chuckle , a shake of the head , or a " What the ... " on many occasions .
From slips of the tongue during speeches to amazingly confusing explanations about important matters , let 's take a look at some of the most baffling gaffes from America 's 43rd president .
We 'll kick it off with a doozy about the office itself :
" I'm the commander — see , I do n't need to explain — I do not need to explain why I say things .
That 's the interesting thing about being president . "
— as quoted in Bob Woodward 's " Bush at War "
Good Times for the Grammar Police
All public speakers have difficulty keeping control of their grammar in off - the - cuff statements .
President Bush had a particularly difficult time with that , or rather , those types of things .
" As yesterday 's positive report card shows , childrens do learn when standards are high and results are measured . " — on the No Child Left Behind Act , Washington , D.C. , September 26 , 2007
" I hear there 's rumors on the Internets that we 're going to have a draft . " — presidential debate , St. Louis , Missouri , October 8 , 2004
" I am here to make an announcement that this Thursday , ticket counters and airplanes will fly out of Ronald Reagan Airport . "
— Washington , D.C. , October 3 , 2001
" You teach a child to read , and he or her will be able to pass a literacy test . "
— Townsend , Tennessee , February 21 , 2001
" They misunderestimated me . "
— Bentonville , Arkansas , November 6 , 2000
" Families is where our nation finds hope , where wings take dream . "
— LaCrosse , Wisconsin , October 18 , 2000
" I know how hard it is for you to put food on your family . "
— Greater Nashua , New Hampshire , January 27 , 2000
" Rarely is the question asked : Is our children learning ? " — Florence , South Carolina , January 11 , 2000
Hmmm ... Let 's Just Think About That One
It became pretty clear that in times of stress , President Bush simply followed his stream of thought down the wrong fork in the road .
" Too many good docs are getting out of the business .
Too many OB - GYNs are n't able to practice their love with women all across this country . "
— Poplar Bluff , Missouri , September 6 , 2004
" Oh , no , we 're not going to have any casualties . " — discussing the Iraq war with Christian Coalition founder Pat Robertson in 2003 , as quoted by Robertson
" I promise you I will listen to what has been said here , even though I was n't here . " — at the President 's Economic Forum in Waco , Texas , August 13 , 2002
" I could n't imagine somebody like Osama bin Laden understanding the joy of Hanukkah . " — at a White House menorah lighting ceremony , Washington , D.C. , December 10 , 2001
" We spent a lot of time talking about Africa , as we should .
Africa is a nation that suffers from incredible disease . "
— Gothenburg , Sweden , June 14 , 2001
" For every fatal shooting , there were roughly three nonfatal shootings .
And , folks , this is unacceptable in America .
It 's just unacceptable .
And we 're going to do something about it . "
— Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , May 14 , 2001
" I know the human being and fish can coexist peacefully . "
— Saginaw , Michigan , September 29 , 2000
That 's a Great Way to Put It
Sometimes a single word will throw you completely off your train of thought .
" I'm the decider , and I decide what is best .
And what 's best is for Don Rumsfeld to remain as the Secretary of Defense . "
– Washington , D.C. , April 18 , 2006
" Tribal sovereignty means that ; it 's sovereign .
I mean , you 're a — you 've been given sovereignty , and you 're viewed as a sovereign entity .
And therefore the relationship between the federal government and tribes is one between sovereign entities . "
— Washington , D.C. , August 6 , 2004
" Our enemies are innovative and resourceful , and so are we .
They never stop thinking about new ways to harm our country and our people , and neither do we . "
— Washington , D.C. , August 5 , 2004
" There 's an old saying in Tennessee — I know it 's in Texas , probably in Tennessee — that says , fool me once , shame on — shame on you .
Fool me — you can't get fooled again . "
— Nashville , Tenn. , September 17 , 2002
" I just want you to know that , when we talk about war , we 're really talking about peace . "
— Washington , D.C. , June 18 , 2002
" I know what I believe .
I will continue to articulate what I believe and what I believe — I believe what I believe is right . "
— Rome , Italy , July 22 , 2001
Politics Is Tough Business
And sometimes the truth of what President Bush believes about government just leaks out ...
" See , in my line of work you got to keep repeating things over and over and over again for the truth to sink in , to kind of catapult the propaganda . "
— Greece , New York , May 24 , 2005
" I wish you 'd have given me this written question ahead of time so I could plan for it ... I 'm sure something will pop into my head here in the midst of this press conference , with all the pressure of trying to come up with an answer , but it had n't yet ... I do n't want to sound like I have made no mistakes .
I 'm confident I have .
I just have n't — you just put me under the spot here , and maybe I 'm not as quick on my feet as I should be in coming up with one . " — after being asked to name the biggest mistake he had made , Washington , D.C. , April 3 , 2004
" This is an impressive crowd — the haves and the have mores .
Some people call you the elite — I call you my base . " — at the 2000 Al Smith dinner
" You know , one of the hardest parts of my job is to connect Iraq to the war on terror . " — interview with CBS News ' Katie Couric , September 6 , 2006
" I would say the best moment of all was when I caught a 7.5 - pound largemouth bass in my lake . " — on his best moment in office , interview with the German newspaper Bild am Sonntag , May 7 , 2006
" If this were a dictatorship , it'd be a heck of a lot easier , just so long as I 'm the dictator . "
— Washington , D.C. , December 19 , 2000
In Hindsight ...
It 's particularly painful when history proves you ​were wrong from the outset .
" Brownie , you 're doing a heck of a job . " — to FEMA director Michael Brown while touring hurricane - ravaged Mississippi , September 2 , 2005
" I do n't think anybody anticipated the breach of the levees . " — on " Good Morning America , " September 1 , 2005 , six days after repeated warnings from experts about the scope of damage expected from Hurricane Katrina
" Can we win ?
I do n't think you can win it . " — after being asked whether the war on terror was winnable , " Today " show interview , August 30 , 2004
" I do n't know where bin Laden is .
I have no idea and really do n't care .
It 's not that important .
It 's not our priority . "
— Washington , D.C. , March 13 , 2002
" The most important thing is for us to find Osama bin Laden .
It is our No. 1 priority , and we will not rest until we find him . "
— Washington , D.C. , September 13 , 2001
Let 's Just Leave
It at That
" I will not withdraw , even if Laura and Barney [ his dog ] are the only ones supporting me . " — talking to key Republicans about Iraq , as quoted by Bob Woodward
" You work three jobs ? … Uniquely American , is n't it ?
I mean , that is fantastic that you 're doing that . " — to a divorced mother of three , Omaha , Nebraska , February 4 , 2005
" People say , how can I help on this war against terror ?
How can I fight evil ?
You can do so by mentoring a child , by going into a shut - in 's house and say I love you . "
— Washington , D.C. , September 19 , 2002
" Do you have blacks , too ? " — to Brazilian President Fernando Cardoso , Washington , D.C. , November 8 , 2001
Going Out in Style
In some of his most poignant misstatements , George W. Bush revealed his bitterness as he was leaving the Oval Office .
" So what ? " — President Bush , responding to an ABC News correspondent who pointed out that Al Qaeda was n't a threat in Iraq until after the United States invaded , December 14 , 2008
" I think I was unprepared for war . " — on the biggest regret of his presidency , ABC News interview , December 1 , 2008
" Goodbye from the world 's biggest polluter . " — in parting words to world leaders at his final G - 8 Summit , punching the air and grinning widely as those present looked on in shock , Rusutsu , Japan , July 10 , 2008
" I 'll be long gone before some smart person ever figures out what happened inside this Oval Office . "
— Washington , D.C. , May 12 , 2008
Why :
The great zing of a salt and pepper chip joins together with the crunchiness of a kettle - cooked chip , and the result here is the best - tasting salt and pepper chip I 've tried .
Categories :
Why :
The look of the bag is surprising , and the taste of the chips is amazing !
Categories :
Why : With a barbecue flavor , these are not your usual nacho cheese tortilla chips , and Humpty Dumpty ( official chip of Montreal 's Olympic Stadium ) has hit a home run with these .
Categories :
Why : Looks like a Cheeto , tastes like garlic toast .
Great !
Categories :
Why :
These are some of the best barbecue chips out there .
They taste like really good barbecue sauce , not the barbecue powder that the typical chip tastes like .
Categories :
Why :
If you can't stand the heat , do n't bother trying , but if you like hot stuff , Boyer 's makes some of the hottest of the hot .
Categories :
Why :
The perfect mix of onion on garlic on a great Wachusett chip .
Categories :
Why : I 'm no paprika connoisseur , and I was n't expecting much , but it turns out that somehow , these are just amazing chips .
Thick cut , rippled , great crunch and a terrific taste .
Gotta go to England to buy them , though .
Categories :
Why :
These fries are n't heavily flavored , but they just taste great .
Categories :
Why : Hottest jalapeño chips in the world , on a great , thick , peanut oil - cooked chip .
Just great .
Bring a beverage .
Categories :
HEALTH experts have been issued with a ‘ final warning ’ after advising consumers to give up bacon .
Following claims that bacon is ‘ unhealthy ’ , angry mobs gathered outside clinics , laboratories and hospitals chanting ‘ death to the men in white coats ’ and ‘ whoever defames the pig should be executed ’ .
Bill McKay , from Dorchester , said he would rather disembowel himself than live without bacon , the only meat to be approved by the Vegetarian Society .
He added : “ We ’ve taken a lot of shit from these people over the years .
Perhaps the time has come to throw our health experts in jail . ”
Rona Cameron , head of bacon sandwiches at the Vegetarian Society , said : “ I love pigs , they ’re intelligent and sensitive , but these so - called ‘ experts ’ are deranged , neo - Nazi perverts . ”
Wayne Hayes , bacon director at the Bacon Institute , said : “ Bacon transforms men into incredibly sensitive and generous lovers and guarantees women the longest and most intense orgasms imaginable . ”
Meanwhile , campaigners have issued a series of recommendations for health experts if they wish to avoid having an ‘ accident ’ , including :
If Barack Obama is elected president of the Uni ted States , it will be the result of another presidential election back in February 1990 .
At that time , 80 of his Harvard classmates chose him to be the first black scholar to edit their law review .
That instantly brought him to national attention , with articles in the New York Times and other major papers , a book contract and 700 job offers from all the best law firms .
He was a mat ure student of 28 at the time and , after graduation , worked for several years as a community lawyer before ascending the greasy pole of Illinois politics .
What does this period of his life foretell ?
There are very few back issues of the Harvard Law Review available in the UK .
I tracked down volume 140 on a deserted floor of the Middle Temple library , above the amazing Molyneux globe that guided Sir Walter Raleigh to the New World .
It was unthumbed and weighed in at 1,964 pages , comprising learned articles , students ' case notes and book reviews , with many thousands of footnotes .
The university law review is an American phenomenon that has no parallel in our lazier and less academic law schools : the notion of an elite group of students determining the focus of contemporary legal thinking would cause apoplexy in Oxbridge common rooms .
But in the US , law reviews are important in shaping the law , and Harvard 's is the most important of all .
Hence the newsworthiness of Obama 's election .
Never before had there been a black editor - in - chief .
" The fact that I 've been elected shows a lot of progress , " he said at a press conference .
" But you have to remember that for every one of me , there are hundreds of thousands of black students with at least equal talent who do n't get a chance , " he said , alluding to poverty or growing up in a drug environment .
It was a worthy beginning , and earned him an affectionate imper sonation in that year 's Harvard Law Revue ( " In Chicago I discovered I was black , and I have remained so ever since " ) .
The 1990 - 91 legal term was an unsettling and unsettled time .
Justice William Brennan , architect of Supreme Court activism ( such as the New York Times v Sullivan case , a foundation of US press freedom ) , had just retired , and Obama 's volume begins with a tribute to him from Thurgood Marshall , the court 's first black justice .
William Rehnquist now held the reins , and Ronald Reagan and George Bush appointees were in the majority : the candle of liberal juris prudence , burn ing bright in classrooms inspired by the phil osophy of Ronald Dworkin , was beginning to gutter .
Volume 140 is full of civil liberties issues ( Obama had been an editor of the previous year 's Civil Liberties Review ) and full of apprehension lest Dworkin 's moral theories should cut no ice with the conservatives on the Supreme Court .
The first major article ( solicited , it was noted with surprise , from a non-Ivy League professor ) analysed the philosophy of Václav Havel , and argued that his " individual responsibility " approach might be better suited to protecting free dom than Dworkin 's appeals to individual rights .
Volume 140 exhibits a refreshing interest in foreign cases ( some Republican justices regard the citation of UK court decisions as tantamount to treason ) , and there is a contrast between the views of Stephen Sedley QC on the need to censor hate speech and the American Civil Liberties Union 's support for the right of racist utterance .
Rhetorical genius
Barack Obama leaves no byline in this volume , but as president he was responsible for selecting the topic of the major student disquisition : a 180 - page analysis of the need for new laws to protect the environment .
Introduced with quotations from Chekhov , U Thant and the Grateful Dead , it appears prescient today : it was produced long before climate change became topical and its advocacy of " green helmets " and extraterritorial law enforcement against corporate polluters is more relevant than ever .
It is tempting to detect the young Obama 's hand in a few of the many unsigned articles and book reviews .
There is a scathing dismissal of a book by Roy Grutman , a great courtroom advocate ( " Money is what makes his legal world go round " ) , reminiscent of Obama 's later comments that the law " is a sort of glorified accounting that seems to regulate the affairs of those who have power " .
And I strongly suspect his contribution to the last and best article in volume 104 , entitled " Talking of unconscionable niggers " .
This is an acidic review of a biography of Frederick Douglass , the slave who became a formid able orator for abolition and later a respected public servant ( the title is a quoted reaction to Douglass 's modest request to be paid for his services ) .
The review notes how most white abolitionists ( including Abraham Lincoln ) were opposed to equal rights for freed slaves , and severely criticises the author ( a white historian ) for failing to notice black women .
This is not an admission that Obama - who was shortly to marry Michelle ( she had graduated from Harvard before him ) - could readily forgive .
Obama himself graduated with the legal world at his feet .
He could have taken a highly paid job at a prestigious law firm , or a year 's clerkship with a Supreme Court justice , followed by an even higher - paid job .
Instead , he returned to community work for a small firm in Chicago that specialised in housing , welfare and employment and that paid him a modest $ 167 an hour .
For all his rhetorical genius , he never tried a case , preferring the solicitor 's work of researching briefs and preparing witness statements .
His clients were whistleblowers and non-governmental organisations anxious to use the law to assist the registration of voters who were poor and black and mainly Democrat .
In 1996 , Obama was elected to the Illinois state senate , although he continued to lecture for 12 years on constitutional law as a visiting professor in Chicago .
By all accounts , especially those of his students , he was an outstanding teacher .
There is one abiding mystery about Obama 's legal career .
Although ( as his books attest ) he is a fine writer , he never put his name to any article , anywhere .
But it was a time when the very ambitious had become very cautious : Robert Bork had been denied Supreme Court confirmation on the strength ( in fact , the weakness ) of his earlier writings , and the mysterious David Souter passed muster only because he had written nothing that Democrats on the Senate 's judiciary committee could sink their teeth into ( to Republican fury , he turned out to be a closet liberal ) .
Perhaps young Barack decided to leave no hostages to fortune in a career trajectory that could take him to the Supreme Court - or to the White House .
Or perhaps he was too busy with his humble work in and for poor commu nities to bother about reshaping a legal system that he had come to believe would inevitably serve the powerful .
Ironically , it is that system which is most at stake in this election .
George W Bush leaves a bloc of four dyed - in - the - wool conservatives seated for many years to come on the Supreme Court of nine judges .
Three of the remaining moderates ( Justices Stevens , Ginsburg and Souter ) are likely to leave in the next few years .
" Gentleman John " McCain has promised to appoint strict constructionists , judges who will find no constitutional bar to executing juveniles , or limiting abortions or abolishing habeas corpus .
The fate of liberal jurisprudence hangs once again in the balance - as it did , in 1990 , for the president of the Harvard Law Review .
Barack Obama 's legal career never took off , for all its historic promise at Harvard .
He turned his back on the glamour of trial attorneyship and the megabucks of a prestige partnership , preferring to help house the poor .
That may have been the result of careful calculation , as the quickest way to a political career .
Or it may simply be that Barack Obama , despite being a lawyer , is a really good person .
Geoffrey Robertson QC is the author of " The Justice Game " ( Vintage ) and a member of the UN's Internal Justice Council
( CNN ) -- Edgar S. Cahn is fighting for your right to be lazy .
The slow movement backs random acts of slowness , such as turning off the BlackBerry or spending time with friends .
Other activists might devote their time to reversing global warming or saving the whales .
But the 73 - year - old attorney is battling to preserve a commodity that he says is more fragile than the environment and more precious than oil -- time .
Cahn is a leader in the " slow movement , " a national campaign that claims that speed kills .
Its leaders say that Americans are so starved for time , our need for speed is destroying our health , families and communities .
They say we live in a culture in which being overworked has become a status symbol .
Cahn created TimeBanks USA , a nonprofit group that treats time as money , to put the brakes on people 's high - velocity lifestyles .
TimeBanks members barter blocks of time known as " time dollars . "
One member may , for example , buy groceries for a stranger in exchange for someone else walking their dog .
See a calculator to assess how you spend work and personal time »
" Time is the most precious thing we have , " he says .
" Every hour you live , you never get back . "
Slow movement members do n't fit one profile .
They 're journalists , lawyers , chefs , farmers .
Yet they cite the same factors for our inability to slow down : longer work hours , longer commutes and technological advances like BlackBerrys that keep many employees chained to work .
They suggest people combat " time famine " by practicing random acts of slowness : turning off the BlackBerry , cooking unhurried meals with friends , cultivating a garden and taking long walks .
Some have even formed groups to encourage individuals and businesses to save time .
They include :
• The Long Now Foundation , a group based in San Francisco , California , was established to provide an alternative to a " faster / cheaper " mind set and promote " slower / better " thinking .
• Take Back Your Time , a nonprofit group based in Seattle , Washington , is leading a national campaign to address time famine by using conferences and teach - ins to wean people off their need to be busy .
• Slow Food USA is a nonprofit group that offers an alternative to fast - food eating and industrial food production .
It encourages members to plan communal meals and use farmer 's markets .
It has at least 80,000 members in 100 countries .
Cahn , from TimeBanks USA , says he came up with the idea for time banks in 1980 after he suffered a massive heart attack from a frenzied lifestyle that included being a speech writer and the founder of a national legal services program and a law school .
Time , he thought as he recovered , does n't have any monetary value attached to it .
One can't deposit a block of time in the bank or buy a loaf of bread with it .
Yet it 's essential to have enough of it to live well and make democracy work , he says .
" The market does n't value what it takes to build community or democracy or to fight for social justice , " he says .
The slow movement is not just content with saving people time , though .
It 's ultimately about shifting people 's values , Cahn says .
" The movement is about how we value things other than how fast we can consume and how much we can accumulate , " he says .
It 's also about changing public policy , other slow movement leaders say .
John de Graaf , national coordinator for Take Back Your Time , says the nonprofit group is calling for legislation guaranteeing at least three weeks of paid annual vacation for all workers , paid leave for all new parents and workplace rules limiting the amount of compulsory overtime .
Companies will actually profit more if they do n't overwork employees because they will become healthier and more productive , he says .
He points to the robust economies of Western European countries , which treat their workers to more vacation time and shorter work weeks than their counterparts in the United States .
" If you live in Europe after the age of 50 , you 're only half as likely to develop chronic illnesses like heart disease and high blood pressure as those in the U.S. , " he says .
" People exercise more , they eat less food and they sleep more . "
Slowing down wo n't only save lives ; it'll save democracy , de Graaf says .
His group is also pushing for laws that allow people to have election days off .
Democracy can't exist without informed citizens , he says .
People need time to pay attention to the news , attend city council meetings and keep elected official accountable .
He hopes both presidential candidates will address the issue of time famine .
People can't keep living nonstop lives , he says .
Something has to give .
" When you come to the edge of a cliff , the solution is not to run faster , " he says .
" We have to step back . "
All About Gardening • Information Technology
Reuters Now
Biden releases tax returns , urges Trump to do so
Posted
[ NFA ]
Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden released his tax returns and pressed the Republican president to do likewise , keeping pressure on Donald Trump in the wake of a New York Times expose on his taxes .
Why do men find the female breadwinner utterly terrifying ?
Ask Cecile Burnett what would constitutes her ideal man and she admits that , above all , he must earn a six - figure salary .
Not , you understand , because she is mercenary or on a quest to be a kept woman .
Far from it .
She earns more than £ 300,000 a year as a hedge fund manager in London .
And therein lies the problem .
Her eight - year relationship with the father of her two children , now age six and four , ended in 2006 because of the £ 200,000 pay gap between them , making her the main breadwinner .
Understandably , Cecile does n't want to repeat such an experience again .
Role - reversal : Melinda Messenger , pictured with husband Wayne and children ( from left ) Morgan , Evie and Flynn , cited her role as the breadwinner as one of the reasons for her recent separation
' Matthew 's resentment of my success and earnings was n't malicious , ' says 36 - year - old Cecile , who lives with her children in a five - bed detached villa in West London and drives a Mercedes .
' He reacted the same way as most men would in that situation .
He could n't handle not being the breadwinner .
' Men are raised to be the provider and protector .
When their wife or girlfriend earns significantly more than them and does n't " need " them financially , it undermines the traditional role they expect to play in the relationship . '
Cecile 's experience as ' Mrs Breadwinner ' is far from unique .
In fact , four in ten women are now the main earner in a relationship , according to recent research .
Even model and TV presenter Melinda Messenger cited her role as the breadwinner as one of the reasons for her recent separation from househusband Wayne .
Cecile met Matthew in the City in 1998 .
Her career in a male - dominated investment bank was just beginning to take off .
Meanwhile , Matthew had a chain of properties he rented out and their earnings at the time were similar , just nudging six figures .
Cecile recalls : ' We were in love and soon had our first child .
But the problems began after four years , when my earnings and bonuses rocketed .
' While Matthew struggled with my new role as the main breadwinner , I revelled in my disposable income .
Suddenly I could afford to eat at some of the best restaurants , buy a more expensive car and fly first class if I felt like it .
' I 'd want to go to an expensive restaurant for dinner and he'd either resent me for that or he'd say he could n't afford it .
If I offered to pay he'd resent that , too .
It became the same with holidays and stupid everyday things like household expenses .
' I do n't even think Matthew 's resentment was based just on the fact that I earned so much more than him .
There are a lot of men who feel insecure with the confidence and financial independence that women like me gain from having a successful career . '
The couple separated two years ago and the experience has made Cecile very clear about the type of man she will date these days .
' It 's going to sound awfully snobby but I purposely avoid men who earn significantly less money than me , ' says Cecile .
High achiever : Businesswoman Jacqui Cleaver
' What 's the point in me dating a man who earns a fraction of my salary when I 'd be setting myself up for the same old heartache ?
' Even though some men are initially in awe of a successful woman with all the trappings of a big salary , the novelty soon wears off .
' Last year I briefly dated a guy who ran a bar in Shoreditch .
He was great fun but our lifestyles were worlds apart .
' I 've got a property in Spain and like to jet off at weekends or eat at exclusive restaurants but he could n't afford it .
I'm a generous person and I did n't expect this guy to always pay but he did n't always want to be paid for either .
' On another occasion I met a lovely British man on holiday in America .
He was in the forces and keen to have a relationship when we got back to the UK but how could I ?
All I could foresee were problems because of the vast salary differences between us .
' Working in the City , it 's not difficult to meet men .
But I 've found them a bit dull .
I 've recently joined a dating service called Lovestruck aimed specifically at professionals .
I 'm hoping this will make the process of meeting men with similar incomes simpler . '
So , does Cecile ever find herself pondering how her relationships , at least , might be so much easier if only she was a nine - to - five office administrator earning £ 20,000 a year ?
' There are definitely times when my career goes against me because men feel intimidated by my success , ' she sighs .
' But I 've worked hard to provide a lovely home for my two children .
I just wish I had as much success with my love life . '
Like Cecile , 36 - year - old company director Diahanne Rhiney simply wants a man with the means to enjoy the lifestyle she loves and an ambition parallel to her own .
The daughter of a professional sportsman and an executive , Diahanne owns 15 Degrees , a marketing consultancy .
Her marriage to Galvin , a builder , ended last year after just 16 months , prompted by the £ 70,000 pay gap between them and their vastly different ambitions .
' The things that I loved about Galvin initially eventually became the things that irritated me , ' says Diahanne , who lives in Essex .
' At first I 'd envied his laid - back nature .
As long as there was money to cover the bills he was happy down the local pub with his mates having a beer .
He was content doing the nine to five and was n't a workaholic like me .
' But eventually it set us at odds .
Money gives you choices and , because of the pay gap , those choices were vastly different for each of us .
I do n't take my earnings for granted , which is why I continue to work very hard but , yes , there were times that I wanted to travel first class or dine in a top restaurant and Galvin did n't feel the same because he did n't have the same disposable income as I did .
' Men are very proud and do n't feel comfortable with the idea of their partner being the breadwinner or paying for them all the time .
But I 'd worked hard and wanted to enjoy the fruits of my labour .
' It 's not money that excites me , it 's the choices it gives me to have a few luxuries in my life .
I 've got natural drive and ambition and my six - figure salary is just a by - product of that .
' My company is expanding and I 'm in the process of opening another branch in America .
I want to continue to work hard so that I maintain the choices that money brings .
' I 'd love to have children one day and pass those choices on to them too so that I could afford to send them to private school , for example .
' Eventually it got to the stage where Galvin and I argued constantly because our outlook and lifestyles were so different .
Like most men , Galvin was conditioned by society to expect to be the breadwinner and when that 's not the case a lot of men simply do n't know how to cope .
' It was very sad we separated but I realise now that relationships where the woman is the breadwinner by a considerable stretch seldom work . '
Now single , Diahanne observes that most of her similarly high - earning female friends are also struggling to negotiate the dating scene .
Career girl : Company director Diahanne Rhiney
' I 'd love to marry again and have children one day .
I feel ready to start dating again but I would n't entertain anyone who does n't share my ambition and determination in their work and personal life . '
Sadly , Diahanne 's experience is becoming an ever - common tale as a growing band of increasingly successful women climb up the career ladder and financial scale , leaving a trail of broken marriages and relationships in their wake when men resent losing breadwinner status .
Like Diahanne , Jacqui Cleaver thought she'd have children and grow old with John , her partner of seven years .
That was until several promotions led her to earn £ 70,000 a year as an events manager in London - double his salary in a similar job .
' When we met age 23 , we were both at the bottom of the career ladder and earning similar salaries of about £ 18,000 , ' says Jacqui , 31 , who now lives in Bournemouth with new love James , 27 , an RAF PT instructor .
' But I 'm the daughter of a property developer and a hotel owner so it 's in my genes to be ambitious .
' I fought hard , worked long hours and excelled at selling events to big corporate clients .
' John knew I was ambitious when we started dating , but the problems did n't really start until we moved in together after four years .
' Automatically , he expected me to fulfil a traditional role in the home and it exacerbated our differences .
He expected his dinner on the table at night , his washing done and his shirts ironed .
' Meanwhile , I was working up to 80 hours a week .
My philosophy was that if you wanted a great career and a big salary you had to go after them .
His was that good jobs would turn up if they were meant to .
' Whereas my mum and all the women in our family are successful in their own right , John 's mum was a housewife and his dad made all the big decisions .
' It did n't sit comfortably with John that I was the breadwinner .
When I wanted us to move to a bigger house he refused because I would have been paying more towards the mortgage .
' I did n't mind at all , I wanted to do it for us .
But he was adamant we were staying put until he could afford to pay half .
' Even holidays were a nightmare .
When I wanted us to go to Barbados and he said he could n't afford it , I offered to pay .
He was furious .
" I suppose you think you 're better than me ? " he yelled . '
Determined to redress the domestic balance , Jacqui admits that two years ago she made a concerted effort to arrive home from work before John and perform the role of homemaker .
' I wanted things to work and for John to realise that he was as much a priority as my career , ' she recalls .
' I started work at four or five in the morning so I could get home earlier .
But , as if to prove a point , John was never in when I got home .
I 'd call and ask : " Where are you , dinner 's ready ? "
' He 'd be in the pub with his mates .
It was like he was finally getting to live out the traditional male role he aspired to , sinking a few beers after work while I was playing the little woman at home making dinner .
Female breadwinner : Actress Julia Roberts earns a great deal more than her cameraman husband Danny Moder
' Eventually I could n't take any more .
John penalised me constantly for being successful .'
Jacqui was pondering this question when her mum became seriously ill after routine surgery at the beginning of 2007 and spent three months in hospital .
In the wake of such an anxious time she re-evaluated her life .
' I 'd been living the London life of long hours and a heavy social life for years , but when I saw my mum so ill I realised life was too short to put up with all the nonsense from John .
' So I resigned , told John I was leaving him and moved back to my parents ' home in Bournemouth . '
Back in Bournemouth , Jacqui vowed to get fit , hired James as a personal trainer - and fell in love with him .
She also attended a hardcore boot camp in Canada which gave her the idea for a new business venture , New Beginnings , a boot camp manned by forces PT instructors just like James .
' It 's my business , though James helps with it , ' says Jacqui .
' He has his own fitness business , too .
' Eventually I 'll be earning a lot more than James once New Beginnings evolves but I can't see it causing a problem .
James understands the drive and discipline it takes to run your own business because he has those qualities too .
' We live together and have already fathomed a routine of taking it in turns to organise dinner , chores or shopping .
We support and encourage one another in our ventures .
' Who earns what is irrelevant and I guess the one traditional thing about our relationship is that what 's mine is his and vice versa with no resentment from him about my higher earnings . '
Apple 's iPhone app platform is brand new , so developers have plenty of questions they want to ask each other , or tips to share .
But they can't -- at least not without violating Apple 's non-disclosure agreement .
The NDA , which is threatening to undermine the success of Apple 's much - hyped new platform , is n't just for big guys who might get extra advice or help from Apple .
It 's required of every single developer working on the platform -- and every single person who installs the iPhone developer 's kit :
" You agree that the Developer Software licensed hereunder ... will be considered and referred to ... as " Confidential Information " .
You agree not to disclose , publish , or disseminate Confidential Information to anyone other than those of your employees and contractors with a demonstrable need to know who have binding , written , confidentiality obligations to you that protect such Confidential Information against unauthorized disclosure .
You further agree to take reasonable precautions to prevent any unauthorized use , disclosure , publication , or dissemination of Confidential Information . "
Translation :
If you ever want to be accepted into Apple 's iPhone developer program , sell apps in our store , or get a check from us , shut your mouth .
Which means :
- " Pragmatic Programmer " publisher Dave Thomas can't publish his book on iPhone software development , nor can any other publisher .
" So , to write a book about the iPhone SDK , you have to download it .
In order to download it , you have to accept the agreement .
And the agreement says that the download will contain confidential information that you can't pass on to third parties .
That makes it hard to publish the book .
And , if that was n't enough , it also appears that you can't even use the word " iPhone " ( for example , in a book title ) . "
- iPhone Dev Camp 2 , scheduled for Aug. 1 - 3 at Adobe 's ( ADBE ) offices in San Francisco , might not happen , nor might any other semi- formal iPhone coder meetup .
" We are sensitive to the NDA that Apple has in place on the iPhone SDK .
It is our hope that Apple will lift this NDA shortly after the public launch of the App Store .
iPhoneDevCamp 2 will be held one month after the launch of the App Store .
We have no intention of violating the terms that individual developers have in place with Apple on the iPhone SDK . "
- And a Stanford Grad student wonders , perhaps facetiously , on Twitter if Stanford will be able to teach its iPhone Application Programming class scheduled for this fall .
" there 's an iphone dev course listed for the Fall here ... whither nda ? "
We understand why Apple would want to have an NDA on its software kit while it was in beta , perhaps so people did n't get the wrong impression if bugs or half - baked apps leaked out .
And maybe it even makes sense to have an NDA the first few weeks that the iPhone App Store is up and running , just to keep the lid on things if something blew up , say , a security hole .
But now the NDA has outlived any purpose it once had , and is threatening to hurt , not help .
If the iPhone platform is going to be a long - term success , it 's going to involve not just software companies with a lot of resources , but thousands of garage coders whipping up inventive stuff .
And Apple needs to keep them happy , not tick them off .
We are two weeks into iPhone 's launch :
High time to let developers ask questions , form communities , lease themselves as consultants , write books , share advice , etc. -- and time to get rid of the iPhone NDA .
See Also :
i Phone App Advertising : Barely
There , But Interesting
i Phone Developers ' Lament : Apple Wo n't Let Us Fix Bugs
Apple 's ( AAPL ) iPhone App Store : 500 Apps , Most Under $ 10 , On Sale Now
-- Posted Thursday , 12 June 2008 | Digg This Article | Source : GoldSeek.com
Benson 's Economic & Market Trends
If Americans feel they are being pick - pocketed by inflation , they should take a look overseas .
With the United States pushing its trade deficit and dollars on the rest of the world , many world central banks thought they could grab a �free lunch � by buying US Treasuries to hold the exchange rate of their currencies down , and paying for them by printing up free local currency .
This so - called free lunch has turned out to be mighty expensive .
Currently , over 3 billion people are experiencing what it feels like to be robbed by inflation .
While free trade and globalization initially pushed up the standard of living in many developing countries , increases in the demand for basics like food and fuel , fueled by an over - supply of money and credit , have goosed inflation in a big way .
So much so , the middle class and poor in many countries are literally being wiped out .
Starving , desperate , and angry people are appearing in the headlines daily as they try to bring this dire situation to the attention of their leaders through violent demonstrations and riots .
( What you do n't see in the press every day , but should , is in the chart below ) : Year - Over - Year Inflation As of June 2008 ( 1 ) Zimbabwe 1,000,000 % U.A.E 12 % Argentina ( 2 ) 25 to 30 % Turkey 11 % Latvia 30 % Costa Rica 11 % Venezuela 29 % South Africa 11 % Vietnam 25 % Philippines 10 % Iran 25 % Indonesia 10 % Egypt 21 % Guatemala 10 % Pakistan 18 % Saudi 10 % Bolivia 15 % China 9 % Nicaragua 14 % India 8 % Russia 14 % Chile 8 % Qatar 14 % Thailand 8 % In Argentina and Vietnam , as one example , panic - stricken residents are swapping their currencies for dollars and Euros .
But given the double - digit growth in M3 for the dollar and euro , these inflating currencies may prove to be a dangerous place to hide from inflation .
Even for the currencies that are touted as being stable , interest rates are still below the rates of inflation wherever you look .
Unless interest rates are increased materially above the rate of inflation , prices will continue to rise .
But with the high level of bad debt in the world banking system , the financial system would not survive the strain of a significant interest rate increase .
For a period of time , stagflation will become a new way of life for many of us .
Clearly , if you reside in one of the countries mentioned in the chart , and want to avoid being wiped out entirely , one of the safest hedges against inflation is to buy gold and silver .
Because I 'm patriotic and know that preserving my capital will help America preserve its capital , I 'll continue to buy them too .
( 1 ) The statistics indicated are as recent as possible and were taken from articles appearing in The Financial Times , Economist , and other publications in the financial press .
( 2 ) On June 9th , The Financial Times published an article that suggested official inflation statistics are not to be believed and inflation expectations show rates of 25 % to 30 % .
-- Posted Thursday , 12 June 2008 | Digg This Article | Source : GoldSeek.com
- Richard Benson , SFGroup , is a widely published author on securitization and specialty finance , and a sought after speaker at financing conferences on raising equity for mid-market companies .
Prior to founding the Specialty Finance Group in 1989 , Mr. Benson acted as a trading desk economist for Chase Manhattan Bank in the early 1980's and started in the securitization business in 1983 at Bear Stearns , and helped build the early securitization businesses at Citibank and E.F. Hutton .
Mr. Benson graduated from the University of Wisconsin in 1970 in the Honors Program in Math , and did his doctoral work in Economics at Harvard University .
Mr. Benson is a member of the Harvard Club of New York and Palm Beach .
The Specialty Finance Group , LLC is a Florida Limited Liability Company and is registered with the NASD / SIPC as a Broker / Dealer .
Previous Articles by Richard Benson
Dentists recommend flossing and we recommend bacon !
Now you can improve your dental hygiene while enjoying the amazing flavor of crispy fried bacon .
Is there anything bacon cant improve ?
Each 2 - 1/2 " tall plastic dispenser contains 27.3 yards of waxed floss .
' Uncle Barack 's Cabin ' German Newspaper Slammed for Racist Cover
The German newspaper Die Tageszeitung has a reputation for leftist social sensitivity .
All the more bizarre then was its choice of a cover to mark Obama 's victory in the race for the Democratic Party nomination : a photo of the White House under the headline " Uncle Barack 's Cabin . "
Von David Gordon Smith
Sen . Hillary Clinton lent $ 11.4 million of her own money to her campaign .
( PHOTO CREDIT : GETTY IMAGES )
FROM CNN's Jack Cafferty :
Hillary Clinton is out of the race for president , but she 's not out of the red .
Far from it .
In fact , it 's believed Clinton has the largest presidential campaign debt in history .
Recent filings show Senator Clinton loaned her campaign $ 11.4 million of her own money , and she also owes vendors about $ 9.5 million .
That 's at least $ 20 million .
Other wealthier candidates , like Mitt Romney , have loaned themselves more money ... but they do n't always plan on getting it back .
Clinton also has to deal with both the personal loan and the unpaid bills .
One campaign finance lawyer tells the New York Times that Clinton 's debt is " unprecedented . "
Other candidates who have lost have owed less than half the amount she owes to businesses .
So what exactly are Clinton 's options ?
The good news for her is her campaign says it 's raised about $ 1 million since the final primaries last week .
That suggests some supporters may be committed enough to help out with her bills .
The other possibility floated around is for Barack Obama to pitch in .
Although campaign finance laws prohibit him from transferring money from his campaign to hers ... his campaign could ask supporters to chip in or he could hold fund - raisers on her behalf .
But not everyone is sure this is the way to go .
Some Obama fund - raisers say it will be tough to help out Clinton because they 're already raising money for Obama and for the DNC .
Others say the tensions from the primary race could make it more difficult .
But if Obama does help Clinton , it could go a long way toward getting her – and her supporters – on board his run for president .
Here ’s my question to you :
Would it be a good idea for Barack Obama to help Hillary Clinton repay her campaign debt ?
Interested to know which ones made it on air ?
Shane from Montreal writes :
Absolutely not !
This woman is supposedly more qualified than Obama to be president but she can't even manage her own 5 - month campaign and many of her die - hard supporters have been downright vindictive towards Obama .
He owes her squat !
Ray writes :
I think it would be a smart and unifying move for Barack Obama to ask his donors to help Clinton .
I swore I would never give a dime to Clinton again after the negative campaigning of the primary , but if Barack asks me , I will give her some money .
Betty from Alabama writes :
She should have to pay him for all the ads the Republicans are running in my state featuring Hillary bad - mouthing Barack .
I just saw one .
It 's awful that she gave the GOP so much free " swift - boat " info .
No , he should not help her at all .
She has hurt him and continues to .
Buster from Poughkeepsie , New York writes :
The correct answer to this query is nope , nada , not at all .
Barack may look presidential but he sure does n't look anything like an ATM machine .
Memo to Hillary : His name is Barack Obama , not Bank of America .
Jonathan from Hartford , Connecticut writes :
Of course Obama should help Hillary pay off her debt .
It 's all in the Democratic family .
He is a gentleman .
Hillary supporters will be moved .
Nancy from Cunningham , Tennessee writes :
I feel a book in the air .
Hillary may have to write a book about the campaign this year to pay for the campaign .
She could call it " One More Stop and I 'll Get off the Train " .
Congressional Republicans have new legislation they 're pushing as a " compromise " on telecom immunity .
One of their central talking points has been that the bill would allow a court to review whether the telcos acted legally when they cooperated with the NSA 's warrantless wiretapping program .
For instance , this morning 's New York Times reported :
The Republicans have yielded somewhat on immunity for the companies :
The current proposal from Mr. Bond would allow the FISA court to review the administration ’s requests and determine by a “ preponderance of the evidence ” whether the requests were valid .
Glenn Greenwald aptly outlines the problems with this claim in his latest post on Uncharted Territory :
Lichtblau 's article inaccurately describes the current GOP " compromise " bill with regard to telecom amnesty .
It does not , as the article claims , " allow the FISA court to review the administration ’s requests and determine by a ' preponderance of the evidence ' whether the requests [ from the Government to the telecoms to allow spying ] were valid . "
Rather , the " compromise " bill simply says that if the telecoms can show that the Government requested that telecoms allow warrantless eavesdropping and represented that such warrantless spying was legal -- and we already know that that happened -- then the FISA court is required to immunize the telecoms .
The GOP " compromise " does not entail , in any way , any judicial consideration of whether the spying program in which the telecoms participated was legal , nor does it require consideration of whether the telecoms broke the law .
The GOP " compromise " bill is nothing more than guaranteed , absolute immunity for the telecoms delivered in the form of a pre-scripted judicial process .
Senators Dodd and Feingold made the same point this morning in an open letter criticising the Republican proposal .
Contact your representatives now and tell them to reject the false compromise !
Mens Shahzad Rana og Microsoft fryder seg over at Office Open XML anbefales av Standard Norge , er motstanderne i harnisk over fredagens avgjørelse .
LES OGSÅ : Microsoft vinner - Norge anbefaler OOXML
Teknologidirektør Håkon Wium Lie i Opera Software , som i en rekke år har jobbet med internett og standarder , er svært opprørt .
- Dette er en skandale !
Jeg er sjokkert , jeg finner ikke ord .
21 medlemmer av komiteen sier nei , mens Microsoft klarer å trumfe gjennom sitt syn .
Det er uforståelig , raser Wium Lie .
Møtet på fredag begynte først med en samlet komite i Standard Norge , som deretter ble redusert til nøkkelpersoner i organisasjonen samt fem representanter som var med til ISO - møtet i Geneve i slutten av februar .
Til slutt ble også disse unnskyldt , og tre personer fra Standard Norge fattet en avgjørelse .
- Ikke skikket
- De som tok avgjørelsen til slutt er ikke de som vet mest om dette .
De er ikke skikket til å ta slike avgjørelser , og har ikke nødvendigvis Norges interesser for øye .
De representerer ikke den norske komiteen , sier Wium Lie .
Han får støtte fra komiteleder Steve Pepper , som også stiller seg helt uforstående til avgjørelsen .
- Jeg er dypt sjokkert over at Standard Norge har valgt å se bort i fra det store flertallet i komiteen .
Det er byråkratene som har sagt ja , ikke Norge som har sagt ja .
Dette er en stor seier for Microsoft , og et stort tap for resten av verden , sier Pepper .
Ifølge Pepper var det til slutt kun to som var for OOXML som ISO - standard , Microsoft og deres partner Statoilhydro .
Prosessen bør undersøkes
- Hvis flertallet i komiteen var mot OOXML , hvorfor tror du da at Standard Norge sa ja ?
- De har blitt utsatt for et enormt press fra en aktør i markedet som rår over store midler , og de har sannsynligvis også vært mer opptatt av sine egne interesser som standardiseringsorganisasjon enn av forbrukernes interesser , sier Pepper .
Han understreker at det er en fordel for en organisasjon å ha ansvaret for en stor og viktig standard som OOXML med sine 8000 siders spesifikasjon er .
Håkon Wium
Lie mener at ISO - godkjenningen ikke vil være verdt mye om den blir vedtatt , og sår tvil om den prosessen som har ført opp til Norges avgjørelse .
- Noen bør gå inn og vurdere Standard Norge og prosessen når de kan ta slike hårreisende avgjørelser , sier Wium Lie .
Han avviser også Shahzad Ranas argumenter om at den uenigheten som komiteen hadde , var basert på syntaktiske elementer i spesifikasjonen .
- Det var ikke syntaktisk i det hele tatt , det som ble tatt opp var kjernen av problemet .
De norske kommentarene på funksjonalitet er ikke blitt fulgt , sier Wium Lie som hevder at dokumentformatet er noe kun Microsoft har evne til å implementere , fordi det er så omfattende .
Tøff avgjørelse
Bjørnhild Sæterøy er leder prosjektet med OOXML i Standard Norge .
Hun mener prosessen har vært slik den skal .
- Det var en svært vanskelig avgjørelse fordi det var så sterk motstand mot OOXML , og vi fikk ikke konsensus på om våre kommentarer var tatt hensyn til eller ikke , sier Sæterøy .
Hun innrømmer at det er viktig for ISO og Standard Norge å ha grep om et så stort og viktig format som Open XML er .
- Vi tok denne avgjørelsen fordi vi ønsker å være med på å utvikle denne standarden videre .
Det gir oss en mulighet til å påvirke det som skjer .
Vi forventet oss reaksjoner .
- Wium Lie og Pepper mener dere i Standard Norge har sett bort fra flertallets mening ?
- Det må de gjerne mene .
Ut over det har jeg ingen kommentarer , sier Sæterøy .
Mistet respekten
Pepper har jobbet frivillig med standardiseringsarbeid i 13 år , men etter dagens avgjørelse og måten den ble gjort på , har han mistet respekten for Standard Norge , og det kan ikke utelukkes at han trekker seg fra arbeidet .
- Jeg er drevet av en prinsipiell holdning til åpne standarder , og hvis det nå er markedskrefter som overtar ISO - arbeidet så blir det noe helt annet .
Jeg må sove litt på dette , sier en oppgitt Steve Pepper .
Your team 's Premium Access agreement is expiring soon .
Interview with Donald Knuth
By Donald E. Knuth and Andrew Binstock
Date : Apr 25 , 2008
Return to the article
Andrew Binstock and Donald Knuth converse on the success of open source , the problem with multicore architecture , the disappointing lack of interest in literate programming , the menace of reusable code , and that urban legend about winning a programming contest with a single compilation .
Andrew Binstock :
You are one of the fathers of the open - source revolution , even if you are n’t widely heralded as such .
You previously have stated that you released TeX as open source because of the problem of proprietary implementations at the time , and to invite corrections to the code — both of which are key drivers for open - source projects today .
Have you been surprised by the success of open source since that time ?
Donald Knuth :
The success of open source code is perhaps the only thing in the computer field that has n’t surprised me during the past several decades .
But it still has n’t reached its full potential ; I believe that open - source programs will begin to be completely dominant as the economy moves more and more from products towards services , and as more and more volunteers arise to improve the code .
For example , open - source code can produce thousands of binaries , tuned perfectly to the configurations of individual users , whereas commercial software usually will exist in only a few versions .
A generic binary executable file must include things like inefficient " sync " instructions that are totally inappropriate for many installations ; such wastage goes away when the source code is highly configurable .
This should be a huge win for open source .
Yet I think that a few programs , such as Adobe Photoshop , will always be superior to competitors like the Gimp — for some reason , I really do n’t know why !
I ’m quite willing to pay good money for really good software , if I believe that it has been produced by the best programmers .
Remember , though , that my opinion on economic questions is highly suspect , since I ’m just an educator and scientist .
I understand almost nothing about the marketplace .
Andrew : A story states that you once entered a programming contest at Stanford ( I believe ) and you submitted the winning entry , which worked correctly after a single compilation .
Is this story true ?
In that vein , today ’s developers frequently build programs writing small code increments followed by immediate compilation and the creation and running of unit tests .
What are your thoughts on this approach to software development ?
Donald :
The story you heard is typical of legends that are based on only a small kernel of truth .
Here ’s what actually happened : John McCarthy decided in 1971 to have a Memorial Day Programming Race .
All of the contestants except me worked at his AI Lab up in the hills above Stanford , using the WAITS time - sharing system ; I was down on the main campus , where the only computer available to me was a mainframe for which I had to punch cards and submit them for processing in batch mode .
I used Wirth ’s ALGOL W system ( the predecessor of Pascal ) .
My program did n’t work the first time , but fortunately I could use Ed Satterthwaite ’s excellent offline debugging system for ALGOL W , so I needed only two runs .
Meanwhile , the folks using WAITS could n’t get enough machine cycles because their machine was so overloaded .
( I think that the second - place finisher , using that " modern " approach , came in about an hour after I had submitted the winning entry with old - fangled methods . )
It was n’t a fair contest .
As to your real question , the idea of immediate compilation and " unit tests " appeals to me only rarely , when I ’m feeling my way in a totally unknown environment and need feedback about what works and what does n’t .
Otherwise , lots of time is wasted on activities that I simply never need to perform or even think about .
Nothing needs to be " mocked up . "
Andrew :
One of the emerging problems for developers , especially client - side developers , is changing their thinking to write programs in terms of threads .
This concern , driven by the advent of inexpensive multicore PCs , surely will require that many algorithms be recast for multithreading , or at least to be thread - safe .
So far , much of the work you ’ve published for Volume 4 of The Art of Computer Programming ( TAOCP ) does n’t seem to touch on this dimension .
Do you expect to enter into problems of concurrency and parallel programming in upcoming work , especially since it would seem to be a natural fit with the combinatorial topics you ’re currently working on ?
Donald :
The field of combinatorial algorithms is so vast that I ’ll be lucky to pack its sequential aspects into three or four physical volumes , and I do n’t think the sequential methods are ever going to be unimportant .
Conversely , the half - life of parallel techniques is very short , because hardware changes rapidly and each new machine needs a somewhat different approach .
So I decided long ago to stick to what I know best .
Other people understand parallel machines much better than I do ; programmers should listen to them , not me , for guidance on how to deal with simultaneity .
Andrew : Vendors of multicore processors have expressed frustration at the difficulty of moving developers to this model .
As a former professor , what thoughts do you have on this transition and how to make it happen ?
Is it a question of proper tools , such as better native support for concurrency in languages , or of execution frameworks ?
Or are there other solutions ?
Donald : I do n’t want to duck your question entirely .
I might as well flame a bit about my personal unhappiness with the current trend toward multicore architecture .
To me , it looks more or less like the hardware designers have run out of ideas , and that they ’re trying to pass the blame for the future demise of Moore ’s Law to the software writers by giving us machines that work faster only on a few key benchmarks !
I wo n’t be surprised at all if the whole multithreading idea turns out to be a flop , worse than the " Itanium " approach that was supposed to be so terrific — until it turned out that the wished - for compilers were basically impossible to write .
Let me put it this way :
During the past 50 years , I ’ve written well over a thousand programs , many of which have substantial size .
I ca n’t think of even five of those programs that would have been enhanced noticeably by parallelism or multithreading .
Surely , for example , multiple processors are no help to TeX . [ 1 ]
How many programmers do you know who are enthusiastic about these promised machines of the future ?
I hear almost nothing but grief from software people , although the hardware folks in our department assure me that I ’m wrong .
I know that important applications for parallelism exist — rendering graphics , breaking codes , scanning images , simulating physical and biological processes , etc .
But all these applications require dedicated code and special - purpose techniques , which will need to be changed substantially every few years .
Even if I knew enough about such methods to write about them in TAOCP , my time would be largely wasted , because soon there would be little reason for anybody to read those parts .
( Similarly , when I prepare the third edition of Volume 3 I plan to rip out much of the material about how to sort on magnetic tapes .
That stuff was once one of the hottest topics in the whole software field , but now it largely wastes paper when the book is printed . )
The machine I use today has dual processors .
I get to use them both only when I ’m running two independent jobs at the same time ; that ’s nice , but it happens only a few minutes every week .
If I had four processors , or eight , or more , I still would n’t be any better off , considering the kind of work I do — even though I ’m using my computer almost every day during most of the day .
So why should I be so happy about the future that hardware vendors promise ?
They think a magic bullet will come along to make multicores speed up my kind of work ; I think it ’s a pipe dream .
( No — that ’s the wrong metaphor !
" Pipelines " actually work for me , but threads do n’t .
Maybe the word I want is " bubble . " )
From the opposite point of view , I do grant that web browsing probably will get better with multicores .
I ’ve been talking about my technical work , however , not recreation .
I also admit that I have n’t got many bright ideas about what I wish hardware designers would provide instead of multicores , now that they ’ve begun to hit a wall with respect to sequential computation .
( But my MMIX design contains several ideas that would substantially improve the current performance of the kinds of programs that concern me most — at the cost of incompatibility with legacy x86 programs . )
Andrew :
One of the few projects of yours that has n’t been embraced by a widespread community is literate programming .
What are your thoughts about why literate programming did n’t catch on ?
And is there anything you ’d have done differently in retrospect regarding literate programming ?
Donald : Literate programming is a very personal thing .
I think it ’s terrific , but that might well be because I ’m a very strange person .
It has tens of thousands of fans , but not millions .
In my experience , software created with literate programming has turned out to be significantly better than software developed in more traditional ways .
Yet ordinary software is usually okay — I ’d give it a grade of C ( or maybe C++ ) , but not F ; hence , the traditional methods stay with us .
Since they ’re understood by a vast community of programmers , most people have no big incentive to change , just as I ’m not motivated to learn Esperanto even though it might be preferable to English and German and French and Russian ( if everybody switched ) .
Jon Bentley probably hit the nail on the head when he once was asked why literate programming has n’t taken the whole world by storm .
He observed that a small percentage of the world ’s population is good at programming , and a small percentage is good at writing ; apparently I am asking everybody to be in both subsets .
Yet to me , literate programming is certainly the most important thing that came out of the TeX project .
Not only has it enabled me to write and maintain programs faster and more reliably than ever before , and been one of my greatest sources of joy since the 1980s — it has actually been indispensable at times .
Some of my major programs , such as the MMIX meta- simulator , could not have been written with any other methodology that I ’ve ever heard of .
The complexity was simply too daunting for my limited brain to handle ; without literate programming , the whole enterprise would have flopped miserably .
If people do discover nice ways to use the newfangled multithreaded machines , I would expect the discovery to come from people who routinely use literate programming .
Literate programming is what you need to rise above the ordinary level of achievement .
But I do n’t believe in forcing ideas on anybody .
If literate programming is n’t your style , please forget it and do what you like .
If nobody likes it but me , let it die .
On a positive note , I ’ve been pleased to discover that the conventions of CWEB are already standard equipment within preinstalled software such as Makefiles , when I get off - the - shelf Linux these days .
Andrew :
In Fascicle 1 of Volume 1 , you reintroduced the MMIX computer , which is the 64 - bit upgrade to the venerable MIX machine comp -sci students have come to know over many years .
You previously described MMIX in great detail in MMIXware .
I ’ve read portions of both books , but ca n’t tell whether the Fascicle updates or changes anything that appeared in MMIXware , or whether it ’s a pure synopsis .
Could you clarify ?
Donald : Volume 1 Fascicle 1 is a programmer ’s introduction , which includes instructive exercises and such things .
The MMIXware book is a detailed reference manual , somewhat terse and dry , plus a bunch of literate programs that describe prototype software for people to build upon .
Both books define the same computer ( once the errata to MMIXware are incorporated from my website ) .
For most readers of TAOCP , the first fascicle contains everything about MMIX that they ’ll ever need or want to know .
I should point out , however , that MMIX is n’t a single machine ; it ’s an architecture with almost unlimited varieties of implementations , depending on different choices of functional units , different pipeline configurations , different approaches to multiple - instruction - issue , different ways to do branch prediction , different cache sizes , different strategies for cache replacement , different bus speeds , etc .
Some instructions and / or registers can be emulated with software on " cheaper " versions of the hardware .
And so on .
It ’s a test bed , all simulatable with my meta- simulator , even though advanced versions would be impossible to build effectively until another five years go by ( and then we could ask for even further advances just by advancing the meta - simulator specs another notch ) .
Suppose you want to know if five separate multiplier units and / or three - way instruction issuing would speed up a given MMIX program .
Or maybe the instruction and / or data cache could be made larger or smaller or more associative .
Just fire up the meta - simulator and see what happens .
Andrew :
As I suspect you do n’t use unit testing with MMIXAL , could you step me through how you go about making sure that your code works correctly under a wide variety of conditions and inputs ?
If you have a specific work routine around verification , could you describe it ?
Donald :
Most examples of machine language code in TAOCP appear in Volumes 1 - 3 ; by the time we get to Volume 4 , such low - level detail is largely unnecessary and we can work safely at a higher level of abstraction .
Thus , I ’ve needed to write only a dozen or so MMIX programs while preparing the opening parts of Volume 4 , and they ’re all pretty much toy programs — nothing substantial .
For little things like that , I just use informal verification methods , based on the theory that I ’ve written up for the book , together with the MMIXAL assembler and MMIX simulator that are readily available on the Net ( and described in full detail in the MMIXware book ) .
That simulator includes debugging features like the ones I found so useful in Ed Satterthwaite ’s system for ALGOL W , mentioned earlier .
I always feel quite confident after checking a program with those tools .
Andrew : Despite its formulation many years ago , TeX is still thriving , primarily as the foundation for LaTeX .
While TeX has been effectively frozen at your request , are there features that you would want to change or add to it , if you had the time and bandwidth ?
If so , what are the major items you add / change ?
Donald : I believe changes to TeX would cause much more harm than good .
Other people who want other features are creating their own systems , and I ’ve always encouraged further development — except that nobody should give their program the same name as mine .
I want to take permanent responsibility for TeX and Metafont , and for all the nitty - gritty things that affect existing documents that rely on my work , such as the precise dimensions of characters in the Computer Modern fonts .
Andrew :
One of the little - discussed aspects of software development is how to do design work on software in a completely new domain .
You were faced with this issue when you undertook TeX :
No prior art was available to you as source code , and it was a domain in which you were n’t an expert .
How did you approach the design , and how long did it take before you were comfortable entering into the coding portion ?
Donald :
That ’s another good question !
I ’ve discussed the answer in great detail in Chapter 10 of my book Literate Programming , together with Chapters 1 and 2 of my book Digital Typography .
I think that anybody who is really interested in this topic will enjoy reading those chapters .
( See also Digital Typography Chapters 24 and 25 for the complete first and second drafts of my initial design of TeX in 1977 . )
Andrew :
The books on TeX and the program itself show a clear concern for limiting memory usage — an important problem for systems of that era .
Today , the concern for memory usage in programs has more to do with cache sizes .
As someone who has designed a processor in software , the issues of cache - aware and cache - oblivious algorithms surely must have crossed your radar screen .
Is the role of processor caches on algorithm design something that you expect to cover , even if indirectly , in your upcoming work ?
Donald : I mentioned earlier that MMIX provides a test bed for many varieties of cache .
And it ’s a software - implemented machine , so we can perform experiments that will be repeatable even a hundred years from now .
Certainly the next editions of Volumes 1 - 3 will discuss the behavior of various basic algorithms with respect to different cache parameters .
In Volume 4 so far , I count about a dozen references to cache memory and cache - friendly approaches ( not to mention a " memo cache , " which is a different but related idea in software ) .
Andrew :
What set of tools do you use today for writing TAOCP ?
Do you use TeX ?
LaTeX ? CWEB ?
Word processor ?
And what do you use for the coding ?
Donald :
My general working style is to write everything first with pencil and paper , sitting beside a big wastebasket .
Then I use Emacs to enter the text into my machine , using the conventions of TeX .
I use tex , dvips , and gv to see the results , which appear on my screen almost instantaneously these days .
I check my math with Mathematica .
I program every algorithm that ’s discussed ( so that I can thoroughly understand it ) using CWEB , which works splendidly with the GDB debugger .
I make the illustrations with MetaPost ( or , in rare cases , on a Mac with Adobe Photoshop or Illustrator ) .
I have some homemade tools , like my own spell - checker for TeX and CWEB within Emacs .
I designed my own bitmap font for use with Emacs , because I hate the way the ASCII apostrophe and the left open quote have morphed into independent symbols that no longer match each other visually .
I have special Emacs modes to help me classify all the tens of thousands of papers and notes in my files , and special Emacs keyboard shortcuts that make bookwriting a little bit like playing an organ .
I prefer rxvt to xterm for terminal input .
Since last December , I ’ve been using a file backup system called backupfs , which meets my need beautifully to archive the daily state of every file .
According to the current directories on my machine , I ’ve written 68 different CWEB programs so far this year .
There were about 100 in 2007 , 90 in 2006 , 100 in 2005 , 90 in 2004 , etc.
Furthermore , CWEB has an extremely convenient " change file " mechanism , with which I can rapidly create multiple versions and variations on a theme ; so far in 2008 I ’ve made 73 variations on those 68 themes .
( Some of the variations are quite short , only a few bytes ; others are 5 KB or more .
Some of the CWEB programs are quite substantial , like the 55 - page BDD package that I completed in January . )
Thus , you can see how important literate programming is in my life .
I currently use Ubuntu Linux , on a standalone laptop — it has no Internet connection .
I occasionally carry flash memory drives between this machine and the Macs that I use for network surfing and graphics ; but I trust my family jewels only to Linux .
Incidentally , with Linux I much prefer the keyboard focus that I can get with classic FVWM to the GNOME and KDE environments that other people seem to like better .
To each their own .
Andrew :
You state in the preface of Fascicle 0 of Volume 4 of TAOCP that Volume 4 surely will comprise three volumes and possibly more .
It ’s clear from the text that you ’re really enjoying writing on this topic .
Given that , what is your confidence in the note posted on the TAOCP website that Volume 5 will see light of day by 2015 ?
Donald :
If you check the Wayback Machine for previous incarnations of that web page , you will see that the number 2015 has not been constant .
You ’re certainly correct that I ’m having a ball writing up this material , because I keep running into fascinating facts that simply ca n’t be left out — even though more than half of my notes do n’t make the final cut .
Precise time estimates are impossible , because I can’t tell until getting deep into each section how much of the stuff in my files is going to be really fundamental and how much of it is going to be irrelevant to my book or too advanced .
A lot of the recent literature is academic one - upmanship of limited interest to me ; authors these days often introduce arcane methods that outperform the simpler techniques only when the problem size exceeds the number of protons in the universe .
Such algorithms could never be important in a real computer application .
I read hundreds of such papers to see if they might contain nuggets for programmers , but most of them wind up getting short shrift .
From a scheduling standpoint , all I know at present is that I must someday digest a huge amount of material that I ’ve been collecting and filing for 45 years .
I gain important time by working in batch mode : I do n’t read a paper in depth until I can deal with dozens of others on the same topic during the same week .
When I finally am ready to read what has been collected about a topic , I might find out that I can zoom ahead because most of it is eminently forgettable for my purposes .
On the other hand , I might discover that it ’s fundamental and deserves weeks of study ; then I ’d have to edit my website and push that number 2015 closer to infinity .
Andrew :
In late 2006 , you were diagnosed with prostate cancer .
How is your health today ?
Donald : Naturally , the cancer will be a serious concern .
I have superb doctors .
At the moment I feel as healthy as ever , modulo being 70 years old .
Words flow freely as I write TAOCP and as I write the literate programs that precede drafts of TAOCP .
I wake up in the morning with ideas that please me , and some of those ideas actually please me also later in the day when I ’ve entered them into my computer .
On the other hand , I willingly put myself in God ’s hands with respect to how much more I ’ll be able to do before cancer or heart disease or senility or whatever strikes .
If I should unexpectedly die tomorrow , I ’ll have no reason to complain , because my life has been incredibly blessed .
Conversely , as long as I ’m able to write about computer science , I intend to do my best to organize and expound upon the tens of thousands of technical papers that I ’ve collected and made notes on since 1962 .
Andrew :
On your website , you mention that the Peoples Archive recently made a series of videos in which you reflect on your past life .
In segment 93 , " Advice to Young People , " you advise that people should n’t do something simply because it ’s trendy .
As we know all too well , software development is as subject to fads as any other discipline .
Can you give some examples that are currently in vogue , which developers should n’t adopt simply because they ’re currently popular or because that ’s the way they ’re currently done ?
Would you care to identify important examples of this outside of software development ?
Donald : Hmm .
That question is almost contradictory , because I ’m basically advising young people to listen to themselves rather than to others , and I ’m one of the others .
Almost every biography of every person whom you would like to emulate will say that he or she did many things against the " conventional wisdom " of the day .
Still , I hate to duck your questions even though I also hate to offend other people ’s sensibilities — given that software methodology has always been akin to religion .
With the caveat that there ’s no reason anybody should care about the opinions of a computer scientist / mathematician like me regarding software development , let me just say that almost everything I ’ve ever heard associated with the term " extreme programming " sounds like exactly the wrong way to go ... with one exception .
The exception is the idea of working in teams and reading each other ’s code .
That idea is crucial , and it might even mask out all the terrible aspects of extreme programming that alarm me .
I also must confess to a strong bias against the fashion for reusable code .
To me , " re-editable code " is much , much better than an untouchable black box or toolkit .
I could go on and on about this .
If you ’re totally convinced that reusable code is wonderful , I probably wo n’t be able to sway you anyway , but you ’ll never convince me that reusable code is n’t mostly a menace .
Here ’s a question that you may well have meant to ask :
Why is the new book called Volume 4 Fascicle 0 , instead of Volume 4 Fascicle 1 ?
The answer is that computer programmers will understand that I was n’t ready to begin writing Volume 4 of TAOCP at its true beginning point , because we know that the initialization of a program ca n’t be written until the program itself takes shape .
So I started in 2005 with Volume 4 Fascicle 2 , after which came Fascicles 3 and 4 .
( Think of Star Wars , which began with Episode 4 . )
Finally I was psyched up to write the early parts , but I soon realized that the introductory sections needed to include much more stuff than would fit into a single fascicle .
Therefore , remembering Dijkstra ’s dictum that counting should begin at 0 , I decided to launch Volume 4 with Fascicle 0 .
Look for Volume 4 Fascicle 1 later this year .
Footnote
[ 1 ]
My colleague Kunle Olukotun points out that , if the usage of TeX became a major bottleneck so that people had a dozen processors and really needed to speed up their typesetting terrifically , a super - parallel version of TeX could be developed that uses " speculation " to typeset a dozen chapters at once :
Each chapter could be typeset under the assumption that the previous chapters do n’t do anything strange to mess up the default logic .
If that assumption fails , we can fall back on the normal method of doing a chapter at a time ; but in the majority of cases , when only normal typesetting was being invoked , the processing would indeed go 12 times faster .
Users who cared about speed could adapt their behavior and use TeX in a disciplined way .
Andrew Binstock is the principal analyst at Pacific Data Works .
He is a columnist for SD Times and senior contributing editor for InfoWorld magazine .
His blog can be found at : http://binstock.blogspot.com.
The Adult Swim App
Watch Free Full Seasons of Your Favorite Shows !
Now Available
On :
This top ten list contains themes that are not meant for children and I caution you .
It does deal with the Mafia , organized crime and the underworld , therefore some criminal descriptions are included .
When choosing the Top 10 Underworld Gangster names the criteria used included : how infamous the criminal was , how clever the nickname was and how the gangster arrived by the nickname .
Ready to find out the top 10 gangster nicknames ?
Keep your hands up and start reading .
10 . Charles “ Pretty Boy ” Floyd
It is a known fact that Charles Arthur Floyd hated his nickname , but sources disagree on how he received it .
Two stories are given , one stating “ Pretty Boy ” was given to him by the prostitutes from the whorehouses he frequented and the second states that he earned his nickname from a description of him in his first major robbery as “ a pretty boy . ”
He hated the name so much that he killed other gangsters for calling him by the nickname .
In fact , after being gunned down , with his dying breath he made one final declaration , “ I ’m Charles Arthur Floyd . ”
9. Charlie “ Lucky ” Luciano
Charlie Luciano was given the nickname “ Lucky ” when he came back from “ taking a ride ” to be whacked .
He did receive a knife would from his encounter which caused a permanent droopy eye ( see in picture ) .
Many stories circulate about the ride but most agree he was tortured by the family of a officer whose daughter he had seduced .
He used this story to increase his legend with the underworld often stating he was the only member of the mafia to return alive after being taken for a ride .
In his old age , after being deported to Italy , Lucky became a charitable man , helping many Italians before he set up a medical supply store as a front for his illegal businesses .
8. Sam “ Golf Bag ” Hunt
Another golfbag picked up by police .
Sam Hunt is immediately suspected .
The nickname “ Golf Bag ” certainly does n’t instill fear , dread or even wonder , until you know the reason this mobster was given the name Golf Bag .
Working for Capone as a mob enforcer ( hitman ) , Sam Hunt would carry his weapons in his golf bag to hide them .
If you saw Sam coming towards you with his golf bag slung on his shoulder and you were n’t teeing off on the green , you should probably be running the other direction .
7. Israel “ Icepick Willie ” Alderman
This grisly nickname needs little imagination .
As you would suspect , Icepick Willies ’ method of murder involved an icepick .
As the owner of a speakeasy in Minneapolis the gangster would murder his victims by pushing the icepick through their eardrum and into the brain .
He used this quick “ technique ” because eyewitnesses would only see the victim suddenly slump over as a would - be drunk who had passed out .
Icepick Willie could then drag the corpse from the speakeasy , as if helping the drunkard , and then dispose of the body .
6. Vincent “ Mad Dog ” Coll
Not someone you would ever want to meet , Mad Dog Coll was given the nickname for his disregard for human life including children .
On July 28 , 1931 , Coll unsuccessfully attempted to kidnap Joey Rao , a Dutch Schultz underling .
The resulting shootout left a five year old child , Michael Vengali , dead and several children wounded .
After this atrocity , New York City Mayor Jimmy Walker dubbed Coll “ Mad Dog ” and the whole city started looking for him .
A $ 50,000 bounty was put on Mad Dog and he was gunned down while making a call in a phone booth in 1932 .
5. Thomas “ Butterfingers ” Moran
Legendary pickpocket , Thomas “ Butterfingers ” Moran , was an adept pickpocket who could “ slide in and out of a pocket like pure butter . ”
Thomas picked his first pocket in 1906 in San Francisco and his last pocket at age 78 , in 1970 .
It is said he picked over 50,000 pockets during his lifetime .
Like Pretty Boy , Butterfingers did n’t care for his nickname and said so when he was quoted , “ ” I ’ve never forgiven that smart - alecky reporter who named me ‘ Butterfingers ’ . ”
4. Lester “ Baby Face ” Nelson
Public Enemy # 1 throughout the 1930s , Lester Joseph Gillis better known as “ Baby Face ” Nelson , due to his young appearance , did n’t care for his nickname and at one point declared himself “ Big ” George Nelson .
The problem ?
He was only 5 feet 4 inches tall .
“ Where outlaws such as Pretty Boy Floyd … would kill to protect themselves when cornered , Nelson went out of his way to murder – he loved it , ” said Jay Robert Nash in Bloodletters and Badmen .
“ His angelic , pear - smooth face never betrayed his instant ability to kill . ”
Photo courtesy of Rick Mattix .
3. George “ Machine Gun ” Kelly
George “ Machine Gun ” Kelly , the notorious racketeer who gave FBI agents the nickname G-men , was given his gangster nickname by his wife Kathryn who forced him to practice with the machine gun .
( She gave it to him as a birthday present . )
She became his public relations force and built up his “ street cred ” with other criminals .
In fact , he was not accused or convicted of murder and never used his machine gun with the intent to kill .
During his time at Alcatraz he got the nickname ‘ Pop Gun Kelly ’ for the fact that he was a model prisoner and was nowhere near the tough , brutal gangster his wife made him out to be .
2. Benjamin “ Bugsy ” Siegel
An American gangster who was a driving force behind the development of Las Vegas , Ben “ Bugsy ” Siegel was not fond of his nickname and was never called that to his face .
It was said to cause him to become enraged , murderously so .
During his trial for the murder of Harry “ Big Greenie ” Greenberg ( he was acquitted ) , the newspapers revealed Siegel ’s sordid past and started referring to him as “ Bugsy ” .
He hated the nickname , “ Bugsy ” ( said to be based on the slang term “ bugs ” , meaning “ crazy ” , describing his erratic behavior ) , and would n’t allow anyone to call him that to his face .
1. “ Scarface ” Al Capone
Scarface Al was employed as a bouncer by racketeer Frankie Yale .
Capone received the scars that gave him the nickname “ Scarface ” when he insulted a woman while working the door at a Brooklyn night club .
This provoked a fight with her brother Frank Gallucio .
Capone ’s face was slashed three times on the left side by Gallucio .
When photographed , Capone hid the scarred left side of his face and would lie about his injuries as war wounds , but he never served in the armed forces .
According to the 2002 magazine from Life , Capone was called “ Snorky ” by his closest friends .
“ Scarface ” was certainly the better choice for an underworld gangster .
Who could take Al “ Snorky ” Capone seriously .
Got someone to add to this list of top ten mafia nicknames , please comment below .
Liked it ?
Take a second to support Toptenz .net on Patreon !
Other Articles you Might Like
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D - NV ) speaks about the state of the union at the National Press Club in Washington , DC , January 25 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Joshua Roberts
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - U.S. Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , a Nevada Democrat , on Monday rejected a call by U.S. President George W. Bush to lift a moratorium on offshore oil drilling .
Bush announced on Monday that he lifted the executive branch ’s restriction on offshore exploration , saying only Congress stood in the way of opening up America ’s untapped oil riches .
But Reid said oil companies should focus instead on drilling on much of the 68 million acres that they have leased but not used for exploration .
Asked , however , if he expected to have the votes to block legislation to lift the moratorium in face of soaring gasoline prices , Reid told a news conferences , “ We will have to wait and see . ”
Reid said he hoped to have legislation introduced this week to crack down on oil speculators .
On the other side of the Capitol , Rep. Edward Markey , a Massachusetts Democrat , mocked Bush ’s call earlier in the day to lift the ban .
“ The Bush oil policy is an attempt at mass deception by a White House that has , for the last seven and a half years , pursued Big Oil ’s agenda of drill , drill , drill , ” Markey , chairman of a select House of Representatives committee on energy independence , told a news conference .
“ Drill , drill , drill has failed , failed , failed , ” Markey said .
“ It has failed to make America energy independent .
It has failed to prevent rising prices at the pump . ”
Many strains of monkey become naturally infected with viruses that are related to HIV .
These viruses are known collectively as SIV and naturally infected monkeys do not develop AIDS .
It is hoped that understanding why monkeys naturally infected with SIV do not develop AIDS might teach researchers important lessons about the mechanisms underlying the development of AIDS in humans infected with HIV and identify ways to prevent this happening .
New insight into the mechanisms that control the number of virus particles in the blood of sooty mangabeys naturally infected with SIVsmm , the strain of SIV that naturally infects sooty mangabeys , has now been provided by a team of researchers from the University of Pennsylvania , Philadelphia , and Emory University , Atlanta .
HIV and SIV infect immune cells known as CD4 +
T cells .
So , the authors set out to determine how CD4 +
T cells affected the number of virus particles in the blood of sooty mangabeys naturally infected with SIVsmm -- did they provide immune control of the number of virus particles or did they simply provide a place to live a replicate .
The number of SIVsmm particles in the blood of naturally infected sooty mangabeys decreased when the monkeys were depleted of CD4 +
T cells and then increased again as the number of proliferating CD4 +
T cells rebounded .
So , it was concluded that availability of proliferating CD4 +
T cells is a key determinant of how many SIVsmm particles can be detected in the blood of naturally infected sooty mangabeys , rather than CD4 +
T cells providing immune control of the virus .
Sierra Media Day : Prototypical ?
Media days are always tricky things to navigate .
When publishers invite the gaming press to come and check out their lineup of soon - to - be - released titles , there tends to be a mixed big of software to be seen , and the controlled nature of the environment makes it hard to get a critical look at the games .
Still , they can be useful looks at what 's coming in the future .
Sierra is one of those publishers whose track record has been more than a little spotty in recent years .
Despite the fact that it has brought masterpieces like the Half - Life and Homeworld games to the mainstream , it was also responsible for 50 Cent : Bulletproof and Leisure Suit Larry : Magna Cum Laude .
One of those games was panned by critics , but sold very well ; the other one was Leisure Suit Larry .
When Sierra announced its media day in San Francisco , I was n't too sure what to expect .
I knew I 'd probably get to see some demos of The Bourne Conspiracy and Prototype , but I did n't know what else Sierra would be showing .
When I arrived , I was stoked to learn that Ghostbusters would be on display , too .
I honestly did n't know too much about the other games that were there , but I did n't really expect too much from the new 50 Cent and Spyro titles that Sierra had put on display .
I certainly was n't expecting to walk away from the event as pleasantly surprised as I did .
Let 's break this down game by game , starting with ...
Prototype
" Dude , where 's my Torso ? "
So what do you do when you wake up on an operating table , with no memories other than your name , but happen to possess a slew of powers that make you an unstoppable weapon ?
If you 're Alex Mercer , the protagonist of Prototype , you go around New York and brutally slaughter hundreds of people .
Of course , this New York has a plague — the likes of which have been unseen since Raccoon City 's residents started liking human flesh — mutating its populace into monsters .
Now , the US Military is rolling in the heavy artillery in order to keep a lid on things .
Not only that , but the city of Manhattan itself has actually become infected ( with unhealthy - looking tissue popping out of concrete and certain buildings becoming giant hives ) while both mutants and the military are trying to kill our hero .
Alex has to develop his powers in order to survive and figure out exactly what happened to him — the rest of the world 's fate be damned .
Which powers
Alex starts the game out with and which he earns later were n't detailed , but we saw a wide demonstration of them ; most of these are based on his ability to shapeshift .
At first glance , Alex looks like a normal street tough in jeans and a hoodie , but his power manifests itself as a smoky darkness tinged with red veins .
In the first few minutes , we saw Alex stalk his enemies with different types of vision , grow blades on his arms , scythe through opponents with a whip - like extension , impale some monsters on spikes that grew out of the ground , convert his fists into giant mallets , and grow armor plating over his entire body .
This was , of course , after we saw him throw a car over 50 feet , sprint up the sides of some skyscrapers , and glide through the air like a flying squirrel .
One of Alex 's more devastating area attacks in action .
Alex 's most intriguing power , though , is the ability to consume NPCs throughout the game : by absorbing someone , Alex gains their memories and skills , as well as the ability to " store " their form in his .
Certain individuals will contain memories tied to Alex 's past ; they will be part of the " web of intrigue " which will provide a visual diagram the game world 's history .
Alex can only shapeshift between his default appearance and that of the person he last consumed ; it 's useful when running through the uninfected areas of New York in a disguise , as no one is wise to the player 's real identity and the military will aid you if they see you being attacked by plague forces .
Prototype is one of those games that 's going to horrify politicians because of the violence and gore it contains .
Even when being stealthy , Alex 's methods are … less than subtle .
Most of the time , absorbing someone is a truly messy affair that involves some truly gruesome moves , and combat sequences leave oceans of blood and many body parts as mementos of the violence that just occurred .
The idea of a " breakable sand box " game world is n't anything new for Radical , who also designed The Incredible Hulk : Ultimate Destruction .
In fact , a number of Alex 's abilities seem like they 're straight out that game .
This time , though , the destruction is n't as epic ( as far as I could tell , only military bases and plague hives were capable of being destroyed ) , but there 's still much chaos to be unleashed on the city , and players ' moral decisions could possibly affect the fate of humanity .
Another of Alex 's area attacks , which brings spikes up through the surrounding area .
During the demo , though , there were some definite problems : framerate issues , units double - spawning , and ( in one case ) a military base disappearing from where it was supposed to be .
Now , some of this was probably due to the pre-alpha nature of the build , but seeing as how the game is slated for a Fall release , it seemed like things should be a little further along than they currently are .
Hopefully , no additional features will be axed so that Radical can meet the game 's launch date , as everything on display was very impressive .
All in all , I liked what I got to see of Prototype .
It terms of gameplay , it looks like it can be as deep or as shallow as players want it to be , and the story promises to be a fun sci - fi thriller .
I would n't be surprised if the game 's release is delayed in order to work out some of its kinks , but the title could be amazing once it arrives in stores .
News about Freenet , internet freedom and privacy rights .
Freenet build 1486 released 2020 - 08 - 06 Freenet 0.7.5 build 1486 is now available .
This is an emergency release which updates JNA to version 4.5.2 to prevent Windows nodes from breaking when Java is updated .
Since we ’re releasing from next , this release contains a number of further ...
Details
Freenet build 1485 released 2020 - 02 - 14 Freenet 0.7.5 build 1485 is now available .
This release adds checking for Ogg Theora video files thanks to redwerk : Freenet can now display video safely .
For files whose size does not shrink a lot by compression , compression is now skipped .
This should ...
Details
Statistical results without false positives check are most likely wrong 2019 - 09 - 09 Like every other privacy network , Freenet is a target of statistical attacks to trace the activity of its users .
Studies that investigated tracing Freenet users were built on unrealistic idealized setups or simplistic routing , so that their results ...
Details
FEMA Boots Katrina Victims From Trailers
People made homeless by hurricane fear they will not find new homes .
NEW ORLEANS , June 1 , 2008  -- Matthew Bailey spent the weekend moving from the cramped trailer that 's been his home for nearly three years since Hurricane Katrina .
Nearly 400 other families remain at Renaissance Village , outside of Baton Rouge , and five other camps like it .
They are all that remain of the 111 camps created after Hurricane Katrina .
The Federal Emergency Management Agency notified all of them that their deadline to move out was today , not coincidentally the first day of the 2008 hurricane season .
" I 'm glad it 's kind of coming to an end , " Bailey said as he prepared to leave Renaissance Village , once the largest of the camps , with a borrowed car and the hope he will be able to afford his new home .
" Hopefully , if there 's a next time , people will live a little better than this . "
There 's good reason for the move .
The trailers can't withstand hurricane winds , and the formaldehyde used to make them -- at five times the safe level -- is making people sick , especially children .
But many of the trailer residents have nowhere else to go .
" Right now we 're like between a rock and a hard place , " said Joseph Griffin , who planned to stay .
" The hardest part is when I leave here today , wondering if my trailer 's going to be there when I get back . "
Griffin has a job , but he can't afford skyrocketing rents .
Katrina washed much of New Orleans ' low - income housing away .
FEMA officials said they will not evict anyone , but how long they 'll be allowed to stay is an open question .
Still , FEMA officials say they 're actually satisfied with how things stand three years after the storm .
Jim Stark , the director of FEMA 's Louisiana Transitional Recovery Office , said he would give the overall recovery effort by the federal , state and local governments " a solid B . "
" When you take into consideration that this truly was a catastrophe , hundreds of thousands of homes were affected .
In fact , FEMA housed 143,000 families across the Gulf Coast , " Stark told ABC News .
" Surely , there was not a perfect housing plan in place in anticipation of doing that .
But we did , " Stark said .
" We housed 143,000 households and now we 're down to about 22,000 across the whole Gulf Coast ... the four Gulf Coast states that were affected .
I think the fact that we found emergency housing for those families and were there for them in need is a success story . "
Advocates for the displaced give the recovery effort much lower marks , saying the federal government is now washing its hands of Katrina 's victims .
" The government had no plan for long - term planning of folks , and this is in the midst of an affordable housing crisis that the country has never seen the proportions of , " said Judith Browne - Dianis , co-director of the Advancement Project , a legal action group founded by a team of civil rights lawyers in 1998 .
For those in trailers , FEMA will pay the rent through March .
Those who cannot prove they lived in the hurricane zone will get just one month 's rent .
After that , they 're on their own .
That leaves many of Katrina 's victims shuffling from one temporary home to another , and the government passing the responsibility from one agency to another .
Asked about the lack of long - term low - income housing , Stark said , " That becomes , quite honestly , the responsibility of the housing experts .
That is the next phase , finding permanent housing .
FEMA 's mission , again , is to do the emergency housing mission . "
Critics warn that rising homelessness and crime will threaten New Orleans ' status as a tourist Mecca .
Prosperity has returned to New Orleans ' French Quarter .
But just a few blocks away , the prosperity ends , and homelessness -- and hopelessness -- begin .
There , in a tent city under the I - 10 Interstate , is where the families leaving those FEMA trailers fear they 'll end up .
" I do n't know where they 're going to end up , " said Jim Beyers , who ended up living in the tent city after coming to the region to play a role in the recovery effort .
" I can't imagine a family ending up here , especially in this environment . "
Since the storm ravaged his 3rd Ward home , Kenneth Rouzan and his wife have been forced to live there .
" I did n't ask to be in this situation , " Rouzan said .
" I 'm a citizen .
I 'm a native of this city .
And it 's part of their responsibility to take care of us as taxpayers .
And they 're not doing that . "
After reading these blog posts dealing with the possibility of the Large Hadron Collider creating a black hole of strangelet that would destroy the earth — as well as this report from the LHC Safety Assessment Group , and these websites advocating legal action against the LHC — I realized that I can remain silent about this important issue no longer .
As a concerned citizen of Planet Earth , I demand that the LHC begin operations as soon as possible , at as high energies as possible , and continue operating until such time as it is proven completely safe to turn it off .
Given our present state of knowledge , we simply cannot exclude the possibility that aliens will visit the Earth next year , and , on finding that we have not yet produced a Higgs boson , find us laughably primitive and enslave us .
Or that a wormhole mouth or a chunk of antimatter will be discovered on a collision course with Earth , which can only be neutralized or deflected using new knowledge gleaned from the LHC .
Yes , admittedly , the probabilities of these events might be vanishingly small , but the fact remains that they have not been conclusively ruled out .
And that being the case , the Precautionary Principle dictates taking the only safe course of action : namely , turning the LHC on as soon as possible .
After all , the fate of the planet might conceivably depend on it .
Save up to 65 % on Blizzard games in our Winter sale
The epic Blizzard Winter sale is now on !
For this week only , you can get big savings on your favorit ...
The open - source Linux operating system is seeing major growth in the mobile and embedded space , especially in the smartphone market .
Handset makers and mobile carriers are adopting open - source software because it significantly reduces licensing and development costs and also provides higher flexibility .
That is why analyst firm ABI Research is predicting that Linux - based mobile devices will account for nearly a quarter of the smartphone market within the next five years .
In a recent report about smartphones , ABI looks closely at emerging Linux - based mobile platforms and the impact that they will have on the industry .
ABI sees the LiMo Foundation and the Open Handset Alliance as the two most prominent framework providers and contends that their platforms will account for most of the upcoming Linux mobile adoption .
" By 2013 , we expect that Linux will take 23 % of the smartphone market and will be the second most prevalent solution behind Symbian .
And although LiMo and Android will take the lion 's share of the market for Linux solutions , there will be opportunities for solutions such as Maemo which will be facilitated by the encroachment of the MID ( Mobile Internet Device ) form factor into the mobile devices landscape , " said ABI Research vice president Stuart Carlaw in a statement .
Despite some early problems , Google 's Android platform , which is backed by the Open Handset Alliance , is becoming stronger and attracting considerable interest .
ABI notes that the large population of developers who are already working with the platform is an indication that Android has real staying power and is n't just a passing fad ( thought it might have more to do with Google 's $ 10 million contest ) .
The other emerging heavyweight in the mobile Linux arena is the LiMo platform , which was adopted last month by Verizon .
Unlike Android , which has its own Java - based development framework and does n't support native applications , LiMo supports the existing GTK + toolkit which means that popular desktop applications could theoretically be ported to the platform .
Verizon moved towards the LiMo Foundation because it offers a more inclusive governance model and would allow the carrier to have more control over its own implementation of the platform .
Outside of the mobile phone space , other Linux - based mobile platforms like Maemo and Moblin will see adoption on web tablet devices , some small form - factor subnotebook computers , and embedded systems in vehicles and buildings .
Intel is heavily pushing Linux as a strong software solution for hardware platforms built on its Atom processor .
Linux is clearly gaining massive traction in the mobile and embedded space , and this trend will undoubtedly escalate as phones with Android and LiMo reach the market .
The benefits of open source adoption by mobile hardware makers are numerous , but the most significant benefit to end users is that this will lead to richer third - party software ecosystems by making application development more accessible to independent programmers .
Children and youthful like to watch animations , there are various sites on the internet where you may enjoy animations , but all are n’t free users face many issues while surfing .
KissCartoon is among the greatest animation streaming website , but occasionally it goes even all animations and anime are n’t available here .
What is KissCartoon ?
It ’s a site that streams animation and anime free of charge ; users may Watch animations and anime without register .
Its animation series is updated and categorized for its consumers .
Like I said , Kiss Cartoon
Is n’t ideal even there Is Not Any ideal Free Cartoon site online ; each website has a few pros and cons .
Users are prepared to understand more about the ideal KissCartoon alternatives .
If this Site goes down or You ’re Unable to locate your desired Animation or anime , then you need to try out these similar sites like Kiss Cartoon .
At any time you would like to visit some other website , this page can help you .
Official Reddit
https://www.reddit.com/r/KissCartoon/
Official websites .
kisscartoon.nz
kisscartoon.is
kisscartoon.com
kisscartoon.me
kisscartoon.ru
kisscartoon.to
Best 30 + KissCartoon Alternatives & Similar Sites
Let us come to the main section of the blog article where you get all Options of Kiss Cartoon , but prior to going forward , I wish to warn you that watching Cartoon on the internet at no cost may or might not be prohibited .
Let us take some advice about these sites one by one by that I Will discuss
What a specific site offers you , user friendly And fame .
Additionally , the official connection to see .
Kiss Anime is one of the greatest anime Streaming websites that are available online .
Here you are able to see your favourite anime online without needing to download free of charge .
Best alternatives to KissCartoon .
This website offers various categories that are available on this site , in reality you can also watch without enrollment .
Aside from this , you may even watch animations on such websites and watch all sorts of videos which are accessible from 240p to 1080 p video quality .
Additionally , Kiss Anime has also revealed recent and new anime displays that are available directly on the homepage to get quicker opinion .
Movie4u is best area to enjoy cartoons anime Full without advertisements .
Website very clean human pleasant .
cartoons are perfectly identified with accurate IMDb assessments as well as quick plot introductions .
Concerning advertisements , the website periodically frees one to ads and also destructive web sites , to be on the safe side , make certain to have an adblock program running while streaming images .
Chia -Anime is also another free anime website where you are able to watch cartoons or anime on the internet at no cost .
This website is more or less like the Kiss Cartoon website .
Here you may see anime shows , collection and watch films also .
Should you have a look at the look of the website is quite impressive and you could also stream online on your mobile device too .
Aside from that , this website is a favorite for its anime dubbed in English and their subbed version .
Not just that , you might even locate new shows and show that they frequently keep upgrading .
Cartoons on can also be among the greatest sites to see cartoons online at no cost .
It ’s available for a myriad of apparatus like telephone , tabletcomputers , iPodtablets etc. .
This website provides the consumer directly streaming associate of all of the cartoons shows .
Aside from that , what we enjoy about this website is that it does not have some sorts of annoying popping advertisements .
It provides , you all of the favorite animations right in the Tom and Jerry , Mickey Mouse , and a whole lot more .
Read also : Best Websites to Watch Cartoons Online
WatchFree is a great KissCartoon alternative regardless of which sort of cartoons or series you prefer , you ’re definitely going to be returning to the website over and over again .
WatchFree makes sure you get your everyday dose of fresh films as its catalog is updated on a regular basis .
WatchFree does n’t possess its own database however , each picture is connected from an outside source so you have several resources to select from for the identical film .
The websites navigation is quick and easy , and through our 10 minutes of browsing around the website , we did n’t encounter one pop - up or ad .
If you love watching dubbed anime then this site is the best selection for you .
9 anime provides the consumer with the greatest high caliber of anime sites that you are able to see in HD .
In reality , you may even make your account on this website and revel in watching all of your favorite anime / cartoons with no pop up advertisements .
Very popular and best alternatives to Kiss Cartoon .
123 Movieshub was amongst the most preferred cartoon streaming website yet lately it ’s been undertaking a great deal of problems as well as its own domain name has actually been altering continually .
No matter , it ’s still an ample selection to KissCartoon largely because of the big variety of movies as well as tv-series of styles .
You have the ability to search 123 Movies ’ directory by several criteria .
ToonJet is also one of the most popular website on the internet , where It ’s possible to see classic cartoons shows online for free .
Here , you will Find many popular cartoon shows like Tom and Jerry , Looney Tunes and Mickey Mouse etc. .
Aside from that , you do not have to register on this Website to watch any of your favorite cartoons shows .
Additionally , this is another popular site where you are able to watch amazing cartoon free of charge and download them onto your device .
Hulu anime permits you to look for your whole favorite animation or movies and also to download or stream them .
But it supplies you with a completely free trial period that ’s just for a week and after which you want to cover using it .
Aside from that , it supplies you with a fantastic group of animation videos and films too .
Anime Toon is just another very best website where you are able to watch cartoons online at no cost .
It ’s over a hundred animations shows and watch all of the animation and films on this website .
Aside from this , you may even have a look at the dubbed anime too on this website .
In reality , they also give you different genres of animation such as action , comedy , adventure , crime and more .
This is also the best site where you can easily stream out animated cartoons easily .
You can watch cartoons online free on Cartoons8.tv without downloading , without an account in HD quality .
GO GO Anime is just another remarkable website for seeing anime without having to spend any cash .
The plan of the website is clear and gorgeous .
On main website you can observe anime series which have been released in addition to updates that are popular .
Best alternatives to KissCartoon .
Consider seeing them if you would like !
Would you prefer to locate a cartoon you ’re interested in ?
Harness the ” anime listing ” : all of the animations are recorded in chronological order there .
Like many websites on the record , its own collection makes up timeless motion pictures , as well as Also the recently released films .
The Web site provides high quality images in High - def as well as routine definition .
Apart from films , its collection Additionally consists of oriental dramatization , anime as well as american computer animations .
Along with the Contents of the website , it ’s reasonable to state that it is an all in 1 online Film site .
That ’s the Factor it makes a Terrific selection to KissCartoon .
Fmovies
Is another popular online watch cartoons online for free which comes with an adequate group of films of different genres .
On the primary page there ’s a special segment dedicated to recently added films and there ’s also a part for coming shortly pictures so we can observe that Niter is particularly keen on new films .
Best alternatives to Kiss Cartoon .
Films are high caliber and each significant information concerning the film is displayed right .
The only disadvantage of Niter is the fact that it ’s packed with adds .
Virtually each click of a mouse opens a new tab with a few advertisement .
It is a legal anime online streaming website that you need to subscribe a premium membership in order to gain access to the series .
But what it guarantees you is that with anime updates initiating almost every hour , you wo n’t miss out the latest episode .
It can be accessed in most of the countries in the world .
It is additionally called WatchCartoonOnline , WatchAnimeDub is the best choices to totally free manga online where you can enjoy a variety of anime videos .
Best choices to KissCartoon .
It offers many categories in the header area like called , subbed anime and also cartoon .
Interface and also customer experience is quite great ; you will certainly see several display advertisements while streaming .
Likewise , some pop -up advertisements when you will click to play a video .
WatchAnimeDub has about 40 million users in a month , as well as a lot of the website traffic comes from the United States .
Check out this web site , and also enjoy your anime things is the very best anime website to enjoy anime completely free .
It is a preferred anime website like free manga online , which provides a large library of anime collection and also best anime streaming completely free .
AnimeFreak has around 11,000 anime collection likewise they include brand - new ones daily .
Users can join here , which will certainly aid them .
AnimeFreak ’s user interface and customer experience are as similar to all anime streaming websites like you will see several show ads as well as pop -up advertisements while watching videos .
You can find mostly all anime video on this system .
AnimeLab is also best anime streaming website that provides you thousands of anime shows free of cost .
Finest choices to Kiss Cartoon .
It has a superb and one - of - a - kind design which draws in customers .
When you hower the arrow on the thumbnail of a video clip , you obtain the details regarding the show .
AnimeLab is especially for Australia as well as New Zealand , so if you are from various other countries , then it could let down you .
It sustains several tools such as iOS , Android , Apple TV , Xbox , Chromecast , as well as PlayStation .
It ’s user interface as well as customer experience is nice you have to subscribe to view the videos .
AnimeLab has about 4 million month - to - month site visitors in a month .
It is popular in Australia as well as New Zealand .
Like KissCartoon , it is likewise an exceptional place to watch totally free anime online , it uses you many anime collection as well as shows , MasterAni.me requires an upgraded newest version of flash player .
This website has an excellent user interface , and also its homepage is ad - free , the very best point of it users can operate it efficiently due to the fact that all things are classified in sections .
You will obtain virtually your all preferred anime programs as well as series , thus it could be the very best choices of KissCartoon .
MasterAnime is as well popular with the 30 million month - to - month visitors in a solitary month .
It appears that all materials are in the English language .
AniWatcher supplies you a substantial collection of your favored anime collection , as well as it is additionally a superb cost - free anime online site .
Best options to Kiss Cartoon .
They upgrade its homepage with the new subbed as well as called anime regularly .
It is likewise called Anilinkz .
Its user interface is clean and also comfortable to comprehend for brand - new the customers , you will certainly find display screen advertisement on its appropriate sidebar .
Additionally , an optimized header with some classification , as like various other cost - free anime streaming websites you can access it without sign up .
AniWatcher has around 800 K monthly site visitors ; a lot of the users come from the US , Germany , and the UK .
This website is brand - new , yet it is becoming preferred day by day amongst the anime fans .
One of the best community - based anime streaming free website which resembles
Other free anime websites , individuals like you can comment there and request to any kind of anime video or series which is not currently submitted there .
OtakuStream has a clear user interface and also great UX which a lot of individuals like KissCartoon
It has a special attribute which is Light / Dark , mean if you want a reduced brightness control panel , then you must choose Dark otherwise Light .
This site has great authority with 15 million monthly site visitors ; it is more widespread in the United States as well as UK .
AnimePahe is for anime enthusiasts referred to as best to watch anime online it gives great deals of subbed , called , videos as well as series completely free .
Kiss Cartoon design is clean ;
You obtain 3 videos in one line .
This website has a search tab which assists you to locate your ideal anime show as well as collection fastly .
It has a superb user interface as well as customer experience ; you will not discover more advertisements while viewing videos , also its video player is excellent .
AnimePahe has excellent appeal amongst Internet customers with 2.5 million monthly traffic .
This website is popular in India as well as the US , and also the UK .
You ca n’t ignore Anime 44 if you are looking for a diverse anime series with genres from drama to action .
This website features a neat interface with a long list of anime series very best clean site to watch anime for free .
dubbed anime version are provided which is friendly to those who cannot understand Janpanes very well .
But downloading is impossible .
With an impressive collection of Japanese anime , Funianimation is a smart well - run business to challenge the capabilities and provide the best legal watch anime streaming website .
You can watch subbed version but you are required to purchase a premium for dubbed version .
You might need VPN because
It can not be accessed in some part of the world .
Animefever – Watch High Quality Anime Online Free English / Multilingual Subbed .
Anime Simple – Watch Free Anime Online .
Dragon Ball Online – Watch all the latest Dragon Ball Episodes online .
AnimeRhino – Watch Anime Online Free , Cartoon Shows & Movies .
Animeshow – Watch high quality episodes of all popular anime series , updated every hour with the best English subtitles .
KuroAni : Watch Subbed / Dubbed Anime + Cartoon Online For Free .
AnimeTwist – Best Anime Streaming
Site to watch anime without ads .
KimCartoon http://kimcartoon.me/
KissAsian http://kissasian.ch/
KissManga http://kissmanga.com/
KissComic http://readcomiconline.to/
NovelPlanet http://novelplanet.com/
If antioxidant supplement labels are to be believed , you should stop reading this article and gobble down some pills : Spurred by the rising sales of antioxidant supplements , Pom Wonderful , makers of pomegranate juice , now makes an antioxidant supplement that they claim has " extraordinary health benefits . "
This proclamation is echoed by numerous health supplement ads in health food stores and on the Internet .
For instance , Source Naturals Resveratrol advises on the General Nutrition Centers Web site that taking antioxidants " … may help prevent free - radical damage throughout the body and provide protective support to the cardiovascular system . * "
Problem solved .
Except a bit of a buzz - kill is delivered by the asterisked footnote : " These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration .
This product is not intended to diagnose , treat , cure or prevent any disease . "
So , do the purported health benefits of antioxidants actually exist ?
Here 's the theory : Just as the name suggests , antioxidants slow down oxidation , a process that is part of normal bodily functions but can also damage cells .
Oxidation can even increase the stickiness of cholesterol , upping the risk that it will block circulation and cause heart attacks or strokes .
So it at least theoretically makes sense that antioxidants such as vitamin C , vitamin E and other antioxidant compounds found in carrots and other vegetables , are good for you .
Ditto antioxidants found in pomegranates , red wine and licorice root .
And early studies in the 1990s showed that people who ate more antioxidants had a lower risk of heart disease and stroke .
But those findings did n't hold up for antioxidant supplements .
In later studies , such supplements did not affect risk of — and in some studies actually increased — heart attacks and strokes .
Nancy Cook , an epidemiologist at Brigham and Women 's Hospital in Boston and a co-author of one of these studies , suggests two possible explanations for these results :
It could be that studies of supplements are using the wrong doses and combinations of antioxidants .
Or , people who eat lots of antioxidants — in foods , not supplements — are already doing the kinds of things that lower heart disease risk , namely exercise and , well , eating plenty of fruits and vegetables .
Biochemist Michael Aviram of the Rambam Medical Center in Haifa , Israel , suggests another alternative .
His research focuses on pomegranates .
In a recent study , he found that mice bred to have blockages in their arteries and developed fewer blockages in their arteries after they were fed parts of pomegranates .
Because such blockages can cause heart attacks and strokes , he says his studies suggest antioxidants work against such events .
And although earlier studies found that vitamin E — another antioxidant — did n't clear such blockages , he found that the kinds of antioxidants in pomegranates do .
His theory : there are many sources of oxidative stress — viruses , toxins , physical strain — and each antioxidant might be effective against a particular type of stress , but not the others .
In other words , it depends whether the antioxidants you 're taking are fighting against the good , normal oxidation in your body or the bad oxidation .
" The devil 's in the details in a lot of these things , " says Andrew Shao of the Council for Responsible Nutrition , a trade association in Washington , D.C. , representing supplement manufacturers .
" If you were to take all the marketing at face value , you might think that the ideal situation is to have no oxidation whatsoever .
That is not what you want .
It 's part of normal biochemistry , part of the immune system . "
" Most [ antioxidants ] do n't work alone , " he adds .
" They 're not drugs . "
Like Cook ,
Shao recommends a diet high in antioxidants and a healthy lifestyle that includes regular exercise .
" That may run counter to what you see in some marketing , " he says , although he refused to say which ads he meant .
Marketing also makes it difficult for consumers to know what they are getting .
" Is the product on the shelf the same one that was studied in clinical trials ? "
Shao asks .
For foods , the Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) and the Federal Trade Commission monitor claims made on the label or in advertising , but " it very much depends on the strength and specificity of the language in the claim , " he says .
A product that claims " antioxidant support " will raise less ire than one that claims to lower the risk of a particular disease .
In any case , the research is clear : Large , carefully controlled studies and trials have consistently found no benefit to antioxidant supplements , says Alice Lichtenstein of Tufts University . *
" You have to take the totality of the data , and that 's what we normally do [ in science ] , " she says .
" Why are they popular ?
I do n't know .
Maybe because it sounds like the easy answer . "
With reporting by Willa Austen Isikoff
* Note ( 7/7/08 ) : This sentence has been modified since the original posting .
It ’s time to stop playing this game where we pretend the Clintons play politics like normal Democrats .
They do n’t .
They ’re vicious and nasty and have perfected the art of personal destruction after years of being on the receiving end .
( Talk about the abused becoming the abuser . )
Hillary is n’t going to stop when the SuperDs finally give Obama the majority he needs .
She ’s taking this all the way to the convention and she ’s going to contest the Michigan and Florida delegates .
She ’s already told us she ’s taking this to the convention .
After she ’s pulled the most racist presidential campaign since Willy Horton , after she ’s been willing to bring up Swift Boat - style attacks against Obama that even the GOP wo n’t touch , why does anyone think she wo n’t risk the utter destruction of the party by taking this thing to the nomination ?
She ’s told us that ’s exactly what she ’s planning on doing .
Has she shown any self - restraint , or higher concern for the party , up until now ?
At some point , Hillary is going to cross one line too many , and she ’s going to get the civil war she seems to be itching for .
And if she thinks the party is going to unite around her after she steals the election , then she has n’t spent a lot of time reading blogs or following the grassroots .
She ’s going to get an all - out war , she ’s going to split the party , and if she steals the nomination , I would n’t be surprised if a lot of Democrats actively try to make her lose the general election .
And there will be nothing the party elders can do about it once it happens .
Can we impeach a nominee ?
Opium Made Easy
Last season was a strange one in my garden , notable not only for the unseasonably cool and wet weather — the talk of gardeners all over New England — but also for its climate of paranoia .
One flower was the cause : a tall , breathtaking poppy , with silky scarlet petals and a black heart , the growing of which , I discovered rather too late , is a felony under state and federal law .
Actually , it ’s not quite as simple as that .
My poppies were , or became , felonious ; another gardener ’s might or might not be .
The legality of growing opium poppies ( whose seeds are sold under many names , including the breadseed poppy , Papaver paeoniflorum , and , most significantly , Papaver somniferum ) is a tangled issue , turning on questions of nomenclature and epistemology that it took me the better part of the summer to sort out .
But before I try to explain , let me offer a friendly warning to any gardeners who might wish to continue growing this spectacular annual : the less you know about it , the better off you are , in legal if not horticultural terms .
Because whether or not the opium poppies in your garden are illicit depends not on what you do , or even intend to do , with them but very simply on what you know about them .
Hence my warning : if you have any desire to grow opium poppies , you would be wise to stop reading right now .
As for me , I ’m afraid that , at least in the eyes of the law , I ’m already lost , having now tasted of the forbidden fruit of poppy knowledge .
Indeed , the more I learned about poppies , the guiltier my poppies became — and the more fearful grew my days and to some extent also my nights .
Until the day last fall , that is , when I finally pulled out my poppies ’ withered stalks and , with a tremendous feeling of relief , threw them on the compost , thereby ( I hope ) rejoining the ranks of gardeners who do n’t worry about visits from the police .
It started out if not quite innocently , then legally enough .
Or at least that ’s what I thought back in February , when I added a couple of poppy varieties ( P. somniferum as well as P. paeoniflorum and P. rhoeas ) to my annual order of flowers and vegetables from the seed catalogues .
But the state of popular ( and even expert ) knowledge about poppies is confused , to say the least ; mis- and even disinformation is rife .
I ’d read in Martha Stewart Living that “ contrary to general belief , there is no federal law against growing P. somniferum . ”
Before planting , I consulted my Taylor ’s Guide to Annuals , a generally reliable reference that did allude to the fact that “ the juice of the unripe pod yields opium , the production of which is illegal in the United States . ”
But Taylor ’s said nothing worrisome about the plants themselves .
I figured that if the seeds could be sold legally ( and I found somniferum on offer in a half - dozen well - known catalogues , though it was not always sold under that name ) , how could the obvious next step — i.e. , planting the seeds according to the directions on the packet — possibly be a federal offense ?
Were this the case , you would think there ’d at least be a disclaimer in the catalogues .
So it seemed to me that I could remain safely on the sunny side of the law just as long as I did n’t attempt to extract any opium from my poppies .
Yet I have to confess that this was a temptation I grappled with all last summer .
You see , I ’d become curious as to whether it was in fact possible , as I ’d recently read , for a gardener of average skills to obtain a narcotic from a plant grown in this country from legally available seeds .
To another gardener this will not seem odd , for we gardeners are like that : eager to try the improbable , to see if we ca n’t successfully grow an artichoke in Zone 5 or make echinacea tea from the roots of our purple coneflowers .
Deep down I suspect that many gardeners regard themselves as minor - league alchemists , transforming the dross of compost ( and water and sunlight ) into substances of rare value and beauty and power .
Also , one of the greatest satisfactions of gardening is the independence it can confer — from the greengrocer , the florist , the pharmacist , and , for some , the drug dealer .
One does not have to go all the way “ back to the land ” to experience the satisfaction of providing for yourself off the grid of the national economy .
So , yes , I was curious to know if I could make opium at home , especially if I could do so without making a single illicit purchase .
It seemed to me that this would indeed represent a particularly impressive sort of alchemy .
I was n’t at all sure , however , whether I was prepared to go quite that far .
I mean , opium !
I ’m not eighteen anymore , or in any position to undertake such a serious risk .
I am in fact forty two , a family man ( as they say ) and homeowner whose drug - taking days are behind him .
Not that they are n’t sometimes fondly recalled , the prevailing cant about drug abuse notwithstanding .
But now I have a kid and a mortgage and a Keogh .
There is simply no place in my grownup , middle - class lifestyle for an arrest on federal narcotics charges , much less for the forfeiture of my family ’s house and land , which often accompanies such an arrest .
It was one thing , I reasoned , to grow poppies ; quite another to manufacture narcotics from them .
I figured I knew where the line between these two deeds fell , and felt confident that I could safely toe it .
But in these days of the American drug war , as it turns out , the border between the sunny country of the law - abiding — my country ! — and a shadowy realm of SWAT teams , mandatory minimum sentences , asset forfeitures , and ruined lives is not necessarily where one thinks it is .
One may even cross it unawares .
As I delved into the horticulture and jurisprudence of the opium poppy last summer , I made the acquaintance of one man , a contemporary and a fellow journalist , who had had his life pretty well wrecked after stepping across that very border .
In his case , though , there is reason to believe it was the border that did the moving ; he was arrested on charges of possessing the same flowers that countless thousands of Americans are right now growing in their gardens and keeping in vases in their living rooms .
What appears to have set him apart was the fact that he had published a book about this flower in which he described a simple method for converting its seedpod into a narcotic — knowledge that the government has shown it will go to great lengths to keep quiet .
Just where this leaves me , and this article , is , well , the subject of this article .
1 .
Before recounting my own adventures among the poppies , and encounters with the poppy police , I need to tell you a little about this acquaintance , since he was the inspiration for my own experiments in poppy cultivation as well as the direct cause of the first flush of my paranoia .
His name is Jim Hogshire .
He first came to my attention a few years ago , when this magazine published an excerpt from Pills - a - go - go , one of the wittier and more informative of the countless “ zines ” that sprang up in the early Nineties , when desktop publishing first made it possible for individuals single - handedly to publish even the narrowest of special - interest periodicals .
Hogshire ’s own special interest — his passion , really — was the world of pharmaceuticals : the chemistry , regulation , and effects of licit and illicit drugs .
Published on multicolored stock more or less whenever Hogshire got around to it , Pills - a - go - go printed inside news about the pharmaceutical industry alongside firsthand accounts of Hogshire ’s own self - administered drug experiments — ” pill - hacking , ” he called it .
The zine had a strong libertarian - populist bent , and was given to attacking the FDA , DEA , and AMA with gusto whenever those institutions stood between the American people and their pills — pills that Hogshire regarded with a reverence born of their astounding powers to heal as well as to alter the course of human history and , not incidentally , consciousness .
Hogshire ’s reports on his drug experiments made for amusing reading .
I particularly remember his description , reprinted in this magazine , of the effects of a deliberate overdose of Dextromethorphan Hydrobromide , or DM , a common ingredient in over - the - counter cough syrups and nighttime cold remedies .
After drinking eight ounces of Robitussin DM , Hogshire reported waking up at 4:00 A.M. and determining that he should now shave and go to Kinko ’s to get some copies made .
That may seem normal , but the fact was that I had a reptilian brain .
My whole way of thinking and perceiving had changed .
. . .
I got in the shower and shaved .
While I was shaving I “ thought ” that for all I knew I was hacking my face to pieces .
Since I did n’t see any blood or feel any pain I did n’t worry about it .
Had I looked down and seen that I had grown another limb , I would n’t have been surprised at all ; I would have just used it .
. . .
The world became a binary place of dark and light , on and off , safety and danger .
. . .
I sat at my desk and tried to write down how this felt so I could look at it later .
I wrote down the word “ Cro-Magnon . ”
I was very aware that I was stupid .
. . .
Luckily there were only a couple of people in Kinko ’s and one of them was a friend .
She confirmed that my pupils were of different sizes .
One was out of round .
. . .
I knew there was no way I could know if I was correctly adhering to social customs .
I did n’t even know how to modulate my voice .
Was I talking too loud ?
Did I look like a regular person ?
I understood that I was involved in a big contraption called civilization and that certain things were expected of me , but I could not comprehend what the hell those things might be .
. . .
I found being a reptile kind of pleasant .
I was content to sit there and monitor my surroundings .
I was alert but not anxious .
Every now and then I would do a “ reality check ” to make sure I was n’t masturbating or strangling someone , because of my vague awareness that more was expected of me than just being a reptile — .
My interest in Hogshire ’s drug journalism was mild and strictly literary ; as I ’ve mentioned , my own experiments with drugs were past , and never terribly ambitious to begin with .
I ’d been too terrified ever to try hallucinogens , and my sole experience with opiates had accompanied some unpleasant dental work .
I ’d grown some marijuana once in the early Eighties , when doing so was no big deal , legally speaking .
But things are different now : growing a handful of marijuana plants today could cost me my freedom and my house .
We may not hear as much now about the war on drugs as we did in the days of Nancy Reagan , William Bennett , and “ Just Say No . ”
But in fact the drug war continues unabated ; if anything , the Clinton Administration is waging it even more intensely than its predecessors , having spent a record $ 15 billion on drug enforcement last year and added federal death penalties for so - called drug kingpins — a category defined to include large - scale growers of marijuana .
Every autumn , police helicopters equipped with infrared sensors trace regular flight paths over the farm fields in my corner of New England ; just the other day they spotted thirty marijuana plants tucked into a cornfield up the road from me , less than a hundred yards , as the crow flies , from my garden .
For all I know , the helicopters peered down into my garden on their way ; the Supreme Court has recently ruled that such overflights do not constitute an illegal search of one ’s property , one of a string of recent rulings that have strengthened the government ’s hand in fighting the drug war .
Overflights and other such measures have certainly proved an effective deterrent with me .
And anyway , the few times I ’ve had access to marijuana in the last few years , my biggest problem was always finding the time to smoke it .
Whatever else it may be , recreational drug use is a leisure activity , and leisure is something in woefully short supply at this point in my life .
No small part of the pleasure I got from reading Hogshire ’s drug adventures consisted of nostalgia for a time when I could set aside a couple of hours , even a whole day , to see what it might feel like to have a reptilian brain .
Nowadays what leisure time I do have tends to be spent in the garden , a passion that in recent years has turned into a professional interest — I am , among other things , a garden writer .
I mention this to help explain the keen interest I took in Jim Hogshire ’s subsequent project : a somewhat unconventional treatise on gardening titled Opium for the Masses , published in 1994 by an outfit in Port Townsend , Washington , called Loompanics Unlimited .
The book ’s astonishing premise is that anyone can obtain opiates cheaply and safely and maybe even legally — or at least beneath the radar of the authorities , who , if Hogshire was to be believed , were overlooking something rather significant in their pursuit of the war on drugs .
According to Hogshire ’s book , it is possible to grow opium from legally available seeds ( he provided detailed horticultural instructions ) or , to make matters even easier , to obtain it from poppy seedpods , which happen to be one of the more popular types of dried flowers sold in florist and crafts shops .
Whether grown or purchased , fresh or dried , these seedpods contain significant quantities of morphine , codeine , and thebaine , the principal alkaloids found in opium .
Hogshire ’s claim flew in the face of everything I ’d ever heard about opium — that the “ right ” kind of poppies grow only in faraway places like the Golden Triangle of Southeast Asia , that harvesting opium requires vast cadres of peasant workers armed with special razor blades , and that the extraction of opiates is a painstaking and complicated process .
Hogshire made it sound like child ’s play .
In addition to the horticultural advice , Opium for the Masses offered simple recipes for making “ poppy tea ” from either store - bought or homegrown poppies , and Hogshire reported that a cup of this infusion ( which is apparently a traditional home remedy in many cultures ) would reliably relieve pain and anxiety and “ produce a sense of well being and relaxation . ”
Bigger doses of the tea would produce euphoria and a “ waking sleep ” populated by dreams of a terrific vividness .
Hogshire cautioned that the tea , like all opiates , was addictive if taken too many days in a row ; otherwise , its only notable side effect was constipation .
As for the legal implications , Hogshire was encouragingly vague : “ Opium , the juice of the poppy , is a controlled substance but it ’s unclear how illegal the plant itself is . ”
Here is how I figured one might be able to toe the line safely between the cultivation of opium poppies , routine enough in the gardening world , and felony possession of opium : if opium is the extruded sap of the unripe seedpod , then the dried heads used to make tea by definition did not involve one with opium .
Hogshire did n’t go quite that far , but he did write that “ it is unclear whether it is illegal to brew tea from poppies you ’ve purchased legally from the store . ”
As will soon become evident , Jim Hogshire is no longer unclear on either of these points .
Last winter Hogshire ’s lively little paperback joined the works of Penelope Hobhouse ( On Gardening ) , Gertrude Jekyll ( Gardener ’s Testament ) , and Louise Beebe Wilder ( Color in My Garden ) on my bedside table .
Winter is when the gardener reads and dreams and draws up schemes for the borders he will plant come spring , and the more I read about what the ancient Sumerians had called “ the flower of joy , ” the more intriguing the prospect of growing poppies in my garden became , aesthetically as well as pharmacologically .
From Hogshire
I drifted over to the more mainstream garden writers , many of whom wrote extravagantly of opium poppies — of their ephemeral outward beauty ( for the blooms last but a day or two ) and their dark inward mystery .
“ Poppies have cast a spell over gardeners and artists for many centuries , ” went one typical garden writer ’s lead ; this was , inevitably , quickly followed by the phrase “ dark connotations of the opium poppy . ”
But nowhere in my reading did I find a clear statement that planting Papaver somniferum would put a gardener on the wrong side of the law .
“ When grown in a garden , ” one authority on annuals declared , somewhat ambiguously , “ the cultivation of P. somniferum is a case of Honi soit qui mal y pense .
( Shame to him who thinks ill . ) ”
In general the garden writers tended to ignore or gloss over the legal issue and focus instead on the beauty of somniferum , which all concurred was exquisite .
Reading about poppies that winter , I wondered if it was possible to untangle the flower ’s physical beauty from the knowledge of its narcotic properties .
It seemed to me that even the lady garden writers who ( presumably ) would never think of sampling opium had been subconsciously influenced by its mood - altering potential ; Louise Beebe Wilder tells us that poppies set her “ heart vibrating with their waywardness . ”
Merely to gaze at a poppy was to feel dreamy , to judge by the many American Impressionist paintings of the flower , or from the experience of Dorothy and company , who you ’ll recall were interrupted on their journey through
Oz when they passed out in a field of scarlet poppies .
If ever there was an innocent angle from which to gaze at the opium poppy , our culture seems long ago to have forgotten where it is .
By now I too was falling under the spell of the opium poppy .
I dug out my college edition of De Quincey ’s Confessions of an English Opium - Eater , and I reread Coleridge ’s descriptions of his opium dreams ( “. . . how divine that repose is , what a spot of enchantment , a green spot of fountains and flowers and trees in the very heart of a waste of sands ” ) .
I read accounts of the Opium Wars , in which England went to war for no loftier purpose than to keep China ’s harbors open to opium clipper ships bound from India , whose colonial economy depended on opium exports .
I read about nineteenth - century medicine , in whose arsenal opium — usually in the form of a tincture called laudanum — was easily the most important weapon .
In part this was because the principal goal of medical care at that time was not so much to cure illness as to relieve pain , and there was ( and is ) no better painkiller than opium and its derivatives .
But opium - based preparations were also used to treat , or prevent , a great variety of ills , including dysentery , malaria , tuberculosis , cough , insomnia , anxiety , and even colic in infants .
( Since opium is extremely bitter , nursing mothers would induce babies to ingest it by smearing the medicine on their nipples . )
Regarded as “ God ’s own medicine , ” preparations of opium were as common in the Victorian medicine cabinet as aspirin is in ours .
Is there another flower that has had anywhere near the opium poppy ’s impact on history and literature ?
In the nineteenth century , especially , the poppy played as crucial a role in the course of events as petroleum has played in our own century : opium was the basis of national economies , a staple of medicine , an essential item of trade , a spur to the Romantic revolution in poetry , even a casus bell ) .
Yet I had to canvass dozens of friends before I found one who ’d actually tried it ; opium in its smokable form is apparently all but impossible to obtain today , no doubt because smuggling heroin is so much easier and more lucrative .
( One unintended consequence of the war on drugs has been to increase the potency of all illicit drugs : garden - variety marijuana has given way to powerful new strains of sinsemilla ; and powdered cocaine , to crack . )
The friend who had once smoked opium smiled wistfully as he recalled the long - ago afternoon : “ The dreams !
The dreams ! ” was all he would say .
When I pressed him for a more detailed account , he referred me to Robert Bulwer - Lytton , the Victorian poet , who ’d likened the effect to having one ’s soul rubbed down with silk .
There was no question that I would have to try to grow it , if only as a historical curiosity .
Okay , not only that , but that too .
Again , you have to understand the gardener ’s mentality .
I once grew Jenny Lind melons , a popular nineteenth - century variety named for the most famous soprano of the time , just to see if I could grow them , but also to glean some idea of what the word “ melon ” might have conjured in the mind of Walt Whitman or Chester Arthur .
I planted an heirloom apple tree , “ Esopus Spitzenberg , ” simply because Thomas Jefferson had planted it at Monticello , declaring it the “ finest eating apple in the world . ”
Gardening is , among other things , an exercise of the historical imagination , and I was by now eager to stare into the black heart of an opium poppy with my own eyes .
So I began studying the flower sections of the seed catalogues , which by February formed a foot - high pile on my desk .
I found “ breadseed poppies ” ( whose seeds are used in baking ) for sale in Seeds Blum , a catalogue of heirloom plants from Idaho , and several double varieties ( that is , flowers with multiple petals ) described as Papaver paeoniflorum in the catalogue of Thompson & Morgan , the British seed merchants .
Burpee carries a breadseed poppy called “ Peony Flowered , ” whose blooms resemble “ ruffled pom-poms . ”
In Park ’s , a large , mid-market seed catalogue from South Carolina ( their covers invariably feature scrubbed American children arranged in a sea of flowers and vegetables ) , I found a white double poppy called “ White Cloud ” and identified as “ Papaver somniferum paeoniflorum . ”
Although I did n’t know it at the time , all these poppies turn out to be strains of Papaver somniferum .
In Cook ’s , the catalogue from which I usually order my seeds for salad greens and exotic vegetables , I found paeoniflorum and rhoeas , as well intriguing varieties of somniferum : “ Single Danish Flag , ” a tall poppy that , judging from the catalogue copy , closely resembles the classic scarlet poppies I ’d read about and seen in Impressionist paintings ; and “ Hens and Chicks , ” about which the catalogue was particularly enthusiastic : “ the large lavender blooms are a wonderful prelude to the seed pods , which are striking in a dried arrangement .
A large central pod ( the hen ) is surrounded by dozens of tiny pods ( the chicks ) . ”
More to the point , Hogshire had indicated in Opium for the Masses that “ Hens and Chicks ” might prove especially potent .
This was an issue I had wondered about : the ornamental varieties on sale in the catalogues had obviously been bred for their visual or , in the case of the breadseed poppies , culinary qualities .
It seemed likely that , as breeders concentrated on these traits to the neglect of others , the morphine and codeine content of these poppies might have dwindled to nothing .
So what were the best varieties to plant for opiates ?
I could n’t very well pose this question to my usual sources in the gardening world — to Dora Galitzki , the horticulturist who answers the help line at the New York Botanical Garden or to Shepherd Ogden , the knowledgeable and helpful proprietor of Cook’s .
So I tried , through a mutual friend , to get in touch with Jim Hogshire himself .
I e-mailed him , explaining what I was up to and asking for recommendations as to the best poppy varieties as well as for advice on cultivation .
As I would do with any fellow flower enthusiast , I asked him if he had any seeds he might be willing to share with me and told him about the varieties I ’d found in the catalogues .
“ How can I be confident that these seeds — which have obviously been bred and selected for their ornamental qualities — will `work ’ ? ”
As it turned out , I picked the wrong time to ask .
One morning a few days later , and before I ’d had any response to my e-mail , I got a call from our mutual friend saying that Hogshire had been arrested in Seattle and was being held in the city jail on felony drug charges .
It seems that on March 6 a Seattle Police Department SWAT team had burst into Hogshire ’s apartment , armed with a search warrant claiming that he was running a “ drug lab . ”
Hogshire and his wife , Heidi , were held in handcuffs while the police conducted a six - hour search that yielded a jar of prescription pills , a few firearms , and several bunches of dried poppies wrapped in cellophane .
The poppies had evidently come from a florist , but Hogshire was nevertheless charged with “ possession of opium poppy , with intent to manufacture and distribute . ”
The guns were legal , but one was cited in the indictment as an “ enhancement ” : another product of the drug war is the fact that the penalties on some narcotics charges rise steeply when the crime “ involves ” a firearm , even when that firearm is legal or registered .
Neither Jim nor Heidi Hogshire had ever been arrested before .
Now Jim was being held on $ 10,000 bail ; Heidi , on $ 2,000 .
If convicted , Jim faced ten years in prison ; Heidi faced a two - year sentence on a lesser charge .
Forgive me for the sudden upwelling of naked self - interest , but all I could think about was that e-mail of mine , buried somewhere on the hard drive of Hogshire ’s computer , which no doubt was already in the hands of the police forensics unit .
Or maybe the message had been intercepted somehow , part of a DEA tap on Hogshire ’s phone or a surveillance of his e-mail account .
I could hardly believe my stupidity !
Suddenly I thought I could feel the dull tug of the underworld ’s undertow , felt as if I ’d been somehow implicated in something , though exactly what that might be I could n’t say .
Yet my confidence that I stood firmly on the sunny side of the law had been shaken .
They had my name .
But this was crazy , paranoid thinking , was n’t it ?
After all , I had n’t done anything , except order some flower seeds and write a mildly suggestive piece of e-mail .
As for Hogshire , surely there had to be more to this bust than a bunch of dried poppies ; it did n’t make any sense .
I asked our mutual friend if he would be in touch with Hogshire anytime soon , because I was eager to talk to him , to learn more about his peculiar case .
“ Also , ” I added , as casually as I could manage , “ would you mind asking him whether he ’s gotten any e-mail from me ? ”
2 .
My poppy seeds arrived a couple of weeks later .
My plan was to sow them , see if I could get flowers and pods , and decide only then whether to proceed any further .
I ’d been spooked by Hogshire ’s arrest , doubly spooked to learn from our friend that in fact he had never received my e-mail — undelivered e-mail being highly unusual in my experience .
But I still had little reason to doubt that growing poppies for ornamental purposes was legal , and so on an unseasonably warm afternoon in the first week of April I planted my seeds — two packets , each containing a thimbleful of grayish - blue specks .
They looked exactly like what they were : poppy seeds , the same ones you find on a kaiser roll or a bagel .
( In fact , it is possible to germinate poppy seeds bought from the supermarket ’s spice aisle .
Also , eating such seeds prior to taking a drug test can produce a positive result . )
I ’d prepared a tiny section of my garden , an area where the soil is especially loamy and , somewhat more to the point , several old apple trees block the view from the road .
Papaver somniferum is a hardy annual that grows best in cool conditions , so it is n’t necessary to wait for the last frost date to sow ; I read that in the South , in fact , gardeners sow their poppies in late fall and winter them over .
Sowing is a simple matter of broadcasting , or tossing , the seeds over the surface of the cultivated soil and watering them in ; since the seeds are so tiny , there ’s no need to cover them , but it is a good idea to mix the seeds with a handful of sand in order to spread them as evenly as possible over the planting area .
Within ten days my soil had sprouted a soft grass of slender green blades half an inch high .
These were soon followed by the poppies ’ first set of true leaves , which are succulent and spiky , not unlike those of a loose leaf lettuce .
The color is a pale , vegetal , green - tinged blue , and the foliage is slightly dusted - looking ; “ glaucous ” is the horticultural term for it .
The poppies came up in thick clumps that would clearly need thinning .
The problem was , how much thinning , and when ?
Hogshire ’s book was vague on this point , suggesting a spacing of anywhere from six inches to two feet between plants .
My “ straight ” gardening books advised six to eight inches , but I realized that their recommendations assumed that the gardener ’s chief interest was flowers .
I , of course , was less interested in floriferousness than in , um , big juicy pods .
Eventually I called one of the seed companies that sell poppies and delicately asked about optimal spacing , “ assuming for the sake of argument someone wanted to maximize the size and quality of his poppy heads . ”
I do n’t think I aroused any suspicion from the person I talked to , who advised a minimum of eight inches between plants .
Around the time I first thinned my poppies , late in May , a friend who knew of my new horticultural passion sent me a newspaper clipping that briefly stopped me in my tracks .
It was a gardening column by C. Z. Guest in the New York Post that carried the headline JUST SAY NO TO POPPIES .
Guest wrote that although opium poppy seeds are legal to possess and sell , “ the live plants ( or even dried , dead ones ) fall into the same legal category as cocaine and heroin . ”
This seemed very hard to believe , and the fact that the source was a socialite writing in a tabloid not known for its veracity made me inclined to disregard it .
But I guess my confidence had been undermined , because I decided it would n’t hurt to make sure Guest was wrong .
I put in a call to the local barracks of the state police .
Without giving my name , I told the officer who answered the phone that I was a gardener here in town and wanted to double - check that the poppies in my garden were legal .
“ Poppies ?
Not a problem .
Poppies have been declared a flower . ”
I told him the ones I had planted were labeled somniferum , and that a neighbor had told me that that meant they were opium poppies .
“ What color are they ?
Are they orange ? ”
This did n’t seem especially relevant ; I ’d read that opium poppies could be white , purple , scarlet , lavender , and black , as well as a reddish - orange .
I told him that mine were both lavender and red .
“ Those are not illegal .
I ’ve got the orange ones in my garden .
About two feet tall , came with the house .
What you ’ve got to understand is that all poppies have some opium in them .
It ’s only a problem if you start to manufacture opium . ”
“ Like if I slit open a head ? ”
“ Nah , you can cut one of them open and look inside .
It ’s only if you do it with intent to sell or profit . ”
“ But what if I had a lot of them ? ”
“ Say you planted two acres of poppies — just for scenery looks ?
It ’s not a problem — until you start manufacturing . ”
I was happy to have the state trooper ’s okay , but by now a seed of doubt had been planted in my mind .
Whether it was C. Z. Guest or the waylaid e-mail — that stupid , incriminating query careening unencrypted through cyberspace —
I ’d started to get the willies about my poppies .
A mild case , to be sure — except for one harrowing night in May when I was caught in the grip of a near - nightmare .
In my dream I awake to the sound of police car doors slamming out in front of my house , followed by footsteps on the porch .
I leap out of bed and race out the back door into the garden to destroy the evidence .
I start eating my poppies , which in the dream are already dried , dry as dust in fact , but I stuff the pods and the stems and the leaves into my mouth as fast as I possibly can .
The chewing is horrible , Sisyphean , the swallowing almost impossible ; I feel like I am eating my way through a vast desert of plant material , racing madly to beat the clock .
My first impulse on waking was to rip out my poppies right away .
My second impulse was to laugh : so this was my first opium dream .
3 .
When Jim Hogshire entered my life , in April , my poppies were six inches tall and thriving , their bed a deep , lush carpet of serrated green .
I ’d heard that Hogshire had raised bail , and our mutual friend was trying to put us in touch ; I wanted to talk to him about his case , which I was now thinking of writing about , but I also still hoped to pick up some horticultural tips .
I could n’t phone Hogshire , because he ’d been thrown out of his apartment .
It seems that Washington , like many states , has a law under which tenants charged with drug crimes may be summarily evicted ; after the bust , someone from the sheriff ’s office had paid Hogshire ’s landlady a visit , notifying her of her “ rights ” in this regard and urging her to serve the Hogshires with an eviction notice .
It sounded to me like a violation of Hogshire ’s right to due process — after all , he had n’t been found guilty of anything .
This was my first introduction to what civil - liberties lawyers have taken to calling “ the drugs exception to the Bill of Rights . ”
Over the past several years , in cases involving drugs , the Supreme Court has repeatedly upheld the government ’s new crop of laws , penalties , and police tactics , thereby narrowing the scope of due process as well as long - established protections against illegal search , double jeopardy , and entrapment .
Hogshire began calling me at odd hours of the day and night .
He sounded like a man who had been brought to the end of his tether , edgy and distrustful ; disquisitions on Papaver nomenclature drifted into diatribes about the indignities his pet birds had suffered at the hands of the police .
The voice on the phone was a far cry from the urbane and funny character I ’d been reading in Pills - a - go - go .
But then , Hogshire ’s bust had left him broke and homeless , bouncing from one friend ’s couch to another , and adrift on uncharted legal waters — for no one had ever been prosecuted before for possessing dried poppies bought from a florist .
Much of what he told me sounded paranoid and crazy , an improbable nightmare featuring a “ snitch letter ” to the police from a disgruntled houseguest ; a search warrant alleging , among other things , that Hogshire was making narcotics out of Sudafed ( ! ) ; and a police officer who waved Hogshire ’s writings in his face and asked , “ With what you write , were n’t you expecting this ? ”
Listening to Hogshire ’s fantastic account over the phone made me more than a little skeptical , and yet everything he told me I subsequently found confirmed in the court records .
According to documents filed by the prosecutor ’s office , it was indeed an informant ’s letter that led to the March 6 raid on the Hogshires ’ apartment ; the letter , sent to the Seattle police by a man named Bob Black , was cited along with Hogshire ’s published writings as “ probable cause ” in the search warrant .
Bob Black is the disgruntled houseguest , the black hat in Hogshire ’s bizarre tale .
A fellow Loompanics author ( The Abolition of Work and Other Essays ) , Black is a self - described anarchist whom the Hogshires met for the first time when he arrived to spend the night on February 10 ; Loompanics owner Mike Hoy had asked the Hogshires if , as a personal favor , they ’d be willing to put Black up in their apartment while he was in Seattle on assignment .
The evening went very badly .
Accounts differ on the particulars , as well as on the chemical catalysts involved , but an argument about religion ( Hogshire is a Muslim ) somehow degenerated into a scuffle in which Black grabbed Heidi Hogshire around the throat and Jim threatened his guest with a loaded M - 1 rifle .
Ten days later , Black wrote to the Seattle police narcotics unit “ to inform you of a drug laboratory . . . in the apartment of Jim Hogshire and Heidi Faust Hogshire . ”
The letter , a denunciation worthy of a sansculotte , deserves to be quoted at length .
The Hogshires are addicted to opium , which they consume as a tea and
by smoking .
In a few hours on February 10/ 11 I saw quarts of the tea , and
his wife smaller amounts .
He also took Dexandrine and Ritalin several
times .
They have a vacuum pump and other drug - manufacturing tech .
Hogshire told me he was working out a way to manufacture heroin from
Sudafed .
Hogshire is the author of the book Opium for the Masses which explains
how to grow opium and how to produce it from the fresh plant or from
seeds obtainable from artist - supply stores .
His own consumption is so
huge that he must be growing it somewhere .
I enclose a copy of parts
of his book .
He also publishes a magazine Pills a Go Go under an alias
promoting the fraudulent acquisition and recreational consumption of
controlled drugs .
Should you ever pay the Hogshires a visit , you should know that they
keep an M - 1 rifle leaning against the wall near the computer .
Largely on the strength of this letter , the police were able to get a magistrate to sign a search warrant and raid the Hogshires ’ apartment .
It was quarter to seven in the evening , and Jim Hogshire was reading a book in his living room when he heard the knock at the door ; the instant he answered it he found himself thrown up against a wall .
Heidi , who was at the grocery store at the time , arrived home to find her husband in handcuffs and a SWAT team , outfitted in black ninja suits , ransacking her apartment .
The SWAT team was so large — twenty officers , by Jim ’s estimate — that only a few could fit into the one - bedroom apartment at a time ; the rest lined up in the hall outside .
“ Do you publish this ? ” Jim recalls one officer demanding to know , as he waved a copy of Pills - a - go - go in his face .
And then , “ Where ’s your poppy patch ? ” Jim pointed out that it was wintertime and asked the officer , “ Why should I grow poppies when they ’re on sale in the stores ? ”
“ You ’re lying . ”
This particular SWAT team specialized in raiding drug labs , which may have been what they expected to find in the Hogshires ’ apartment .
They had to settle , however , for dried poppies : a sealed cardboard box containing ten bunches wrapped in cellophane .
The police refused to believe that Hogshire had bought them from a store .
The police also found the vacuum pump Black had mentioned ( though they did n’t bother to seize it ) , the jar of pills , two rifles and three pistols ( all legal ) , a thermite flare that Hogshire had bought at a gun show , a box of test tubes , and several copies of Opium for the Masses .
The Hogshires spent three harrowing days in jail before learning of the charges filed against them .
Heidi was charged with possession of a Schedule II controlled substance : the opium poppies .
Jim was charged with “ possession of opium poppy , with intent to manufacture or distribute , ” an offense that , with the firearms enhancement , carries a ten - year sentence .
At a preliminary hearing in April , Jim Hogshire was fortunate enough to come before a judge who raised a skeptical eyebrow at the charges filed against him .
The hearing had its comic moments .
In support of the government ’s assertion that Hogshire had intent to distribute , the prosecutor , apparently unfamiliar with the literary reference , cited the title of his book : “ It ’s not called ` Opium for Me , ’ ` Opium for My Friends , ’ or ` Opium for Anyone I Know . ’
It ’s called ` Opium for the Masses . ’
Which indicates that it ’s opium for a lot of people . ”
The judge , a man who evidently knew a thing or two about gardening , found the language in the indictment particularly dubious : the state had accused Hogshire not of manufacturing opium but of manufacturing opium poppies .
“ How do you manufacture an opium poppy ? ” the judge asked , and then answered his own question : “ You propagate them — it ’s the only way . ”
By “ propagate ” the judge meant planting and growing , yet , as he pointed out , the state had presented no evidence that Hogshire had been doing any such thing .
“ If you had him with a field of poppies , then I think you ’ve got him propagating them in some way .
Particularly with the cut poppies and extracting the chemical . ”
But without evidence that Hogshire had actually grown the poppies , the judge reasoned , there was no basis for the manufacturing charge .
The prosecutor sought to recover by citing snapshots seized in the raid that showed Hogshire in an unidentified garden with live poppies whose heads had been slit ; he also claimed that “ there are poppies outside of his apartment . ”
( There may have been an element of truth to this : according to Hogshire , his landlady had had opium poppies in her garden — though in early March , at the time of the raid , it would have been too early in the season for them to have come up . )
The judge was unpersuaded : “ Can you tell me whether those are the relevant genus and species ?
My mom has poppies outside of her house . ”
The prosecutor could not satisfy the judge on this point , so the judge granted the defense ’s motion to dismiss the sole charge against Hogshire .
One might think that this would have been the end of Jim Hogshire ’s ordeal .
But the state evidently was n’t through with him , for in June , after dropping charges against Heidi in exchange for a statement asserting that everything seized in the raid belonged to her husband , the prosecutor refiled charges — this time for simple possession of opium poppies — and also added a new felony count to the amended indictment : possession of an “ explosive device , ” citing the thermite flare found during the raid .
An arraignment on the new charges was scheduled for June 28 .
When Hogshire failed to appear , a warrant was issued for his arrest .
4 .
I read through the court papers with a mounting sense of personal panic , for the squabble in the Seattle courtroom did not in any way seem to challenge the underlying fact that growing or possessing opium poppies was apparently grounds for prosecution .
I called Hogshire ’s attorney , who confirmed as much and directed me to the text of the Federal Controlled Substances Act of 1970 .
The language of the statute was distressingly clear .
Not only opium but “ opium poppy and poppy straw ” are defined as Schedule II controlled substances , right alongside PCP and cocaine .
The prohibited poppy is defined as a “ plant of the species Papaver somniferum L. , except the seed thereof , ” and poppy straw is defined as “ all parts , except the seeds , of the opium poppy , after mowing . ”
In other words , dried poppies .
Section 841 of the act reads , “ [ I ]t shall be unlawful for any person knowingly or intentionally . . . to manufacture , distribute , or dispense , or possess with intent to manufacture , distribute , or dispense ” opium poppies .
The definition of “ manufacturing ” includes propagating — i.e. , growing .
Three things struck me as noteworthy about the language of the statute .
The first was that it goes out of its way to state that opium poppy seeds are , in fact , legal , presumably because of their legitimate culinary uses .
There seems to be a chicken - and - egg paradox here , however , in which illegal poppy plants produce legal poppy seeds from which grow illegal poppy plants .
The second thing that struck me about the statute ’s language was the fact that , in order for growing opium poppies to be a crime , it must be done “ knowingly or intentionally . ”
Opium poppies are commonly sold under more than one botanical name , only one of which — Papaver somniferum — is specifically mentioned in the law , so it is entirely possible that a gardener could be growing opium poppies without knowing it .
There would therefore appear to be an “ innocent gardener ” defense .
Not that it would do me any good : at least some of the poppies I ’d planted had been clearly labeled Papaver somniferum , a fact that I have — perhaps foolishly — confessed in these very pages to knowing .
The third thing that struck me was the most stunning of all : the penalty for knowingly growing Papaver somniferum is a prison term of five to twenty years and a maximum fine of $ 1 million .
So C. Z. Guest had been right after all , and Martha Stewart ( and the state trooper ) wrong : the cultivation of opium poppies , regardless of the purpose , is indeed a felony , no different in the eyes of the law than manufacturing angel dust or crack cocaine .
It did n’t matter one bit whether I slit the heads or otherwise harvested my poppies : I had already crossed the line I thought I could safely toe — had crossed it , in fact , back on that April afternoon when I planted my seeds .
( What ’s more , I was vulnerable to the very charge that had n’t stuck to Hogshire — manufacturing ! )
I was , potentially at least , in deep , deep trouble .
Or was I ?
For had anyone besides Jim Hogshire ever actually been arrested for the possession or manufacture of poppies ?
A Nexis search fumed up no other case ; nor did calls to more than a dozen lawyers , prosecutors , civil libertarians , and journalists who keep tabs on the drug war .
Several were unaware that cultivating poppies was even against the law ; when so informed , nearly all had precisely the same slightly bemused reaction : “ Do n’t you think the government has better things to do ? ” I certainly hoped that this was the case , but there the menacing statute was , right there on the books .
I called several experienced gardeners too , hoping to get a clearer picture of the risk involved in growing poppies .
One told me a story about a DEA agent on vacation in Idaho who ’d tipped off the county sheriff that poppies were being grown in local gardens ; another had heard that the DEA had recently ordered the removal of the poppies growing at Jefferson ’s Monticello .
( Both stories sounded apocryphal , but both turned out to be true . )
I phoned a radio call - in gardening show , asking the resident expert whether I needed to worry about the opium poppies growing in my garden , “ I ’m not a lawyer , ” she said , “ but would n’t it be a shame if gardeners had to pass up such a magnificent flower ? ”
No one had heard of an actual bust , and most of the gardeners I spoke to seemed blithely unconcerned when I apprised them of the theoretical peril .
Some treated me carefully , as though it were paranoid of me to worry .
The answer - lady at the New York Botanical Garden tried to reassure me ( a bit patronizingly , I thought ) by saying that , to her knowledge , there were no “ poppy patrols out there . ”
Wayne Winterrowd , the expert on annuals who ’d written “ Shame to him who thinks ill ” of the poppy grower , likened the crime to tearing the tags off pillows and mattresses , another federal offense no one ever seemed to do time for .
Laughing off my worries , he offered to send me seeds of a “ stunning ” jetblack opium poppy he grew in his Vermont garden .
He also confirmed ( as did a botanist I spoke to later ) that “ breadseed poppies ” as well as Papaver paeoniflorum and giganteum were botanically no different than Papaver somniferum .
I ’d planted a handful of paeoniflorum , and had had no idea what they were — until now .
I took no small comfort in Winterrowd ’s mattress - tag analogy , if only because I really did not want to have to rip out my poppies , at least not now .
For my first poppy was on the verge of bloom .
It was the first week of July when I noticed at the end of one slender , downward - nodding stem a bud the size of a cherry , covered in a soft , hairy down .
The bud ’s outer covering , or calyx , had split open , and I could see the scarlet petals folded inside , packed as tightly as a parachute .
By the following morning the stem had drawn itself up to its full four - foot height and the petals — five deltas of rich red silk freaked with black — had completely unfurled , casting off their calyx and fuming to face the sun .
That solitary exquisite bloom was followed the next day by three more equally formidable dabs of pigment , then six , then a dozen , until my poppy patch was a terrific , traffic - stopping blur of color , of a red so red as to be platonic .
Now I knew what Robert Browning meant when he spoke of “ the poppy ’s red effrontery ” : this hue was a shout .
The lavender blooms of another variety followed a few days later , a cooler but no less pure jolt of color .
When the sun stood behind them , toward evening , the petals were as luminous as stained glass .
“ It is a pity , ” Louise Beebe Wilder wrote , “ that Poppies are in such haste to shed their silken petals and display their crowned seedpods . ”
Having seen them , I would have to disagree with her , and not only on pharmacological grounds .
The poppy ’s seedpods are scarcely less arresting than its flowers : swelling blue - green finials poised atop neat round pedestals ( called stipes ) , each pod crowned with an upturned anther like a Catherine wheel .
For most of the month of July my whole poppy patch was alive with interest .
All at once and side by side you had the drooping sleepy buds , the brilliant flags of color , and the stately upright urns of seeds , all set against the same cool backdrop of dusty green foliage .
I could n’t decide what was more beautiful : leaf , bud , flower , or seedpod .
I did decide that this poppy patch was as gorgeous as anything I ’d ever planted .
My fellow gardeners were making me feel foolish for even thinking of cutting down these flowers ; indeed , as I admired my poppies in their full midsummer glory , this unexpectedly lavish gift of nature , it was difficult to credit the notion that they could possibly be illegal — that for the purposes of the law I might just as well be admiring packets of white powder on a table in some dingy uptown drug factory .
But this , I knew , was indeed the case .
And what a metamorphosis this was !— that an act as ordinary and blameless as the planting of a handful of common and perfectly legal seeds could somehow transport one into the country of criminality .
Yet this was a metamorphosis that required not only the physical seed and water and sunlight but , crucially , a certain metaphysical ingredient too : the knowledge that the poppies I beheld were , in fact , of the genus Papaver and the species somniferum .
For although ignorance of the law is never a defense , in the case of poppies , ignorance of botany may be .
True , I had planted seeds I knew to be Papaver somniferum and then blabbed that fact to the world .
But what if instead I had planted “ breadseed poppies , ” or the poppy seeds on a poppy - seed bagel ?
What if I had planted only the Papaver paeoniflorum I ’d ordered , the one I ’d had no idea was really somniferum ?
As I stood there admiring the extravagantly doubled blooms of this poppy , I realized that growing it was no more felonious than growing asters or marigolds — for as long , that is , as I remained ignorant of the fact that this poppy , too , was somniferum .
But it ’s too late for me now ; I know too much .
And so , dear reader , do you .
It was precisely this knowledge that inspired the slightly cracked logic behind what I now decided to do .
I had not planned to slit even one of my poppies , for fear that it was the step that would take me across the line into criminality .
But now I knew I had already taken the fateful step .
In for a dime , in for a dollar .
I know , this was n’t even a remotely rational approach to the situation : a slit seedpod in my garden would constitute proof that I knew exactly what kind of poppies I had .
Yet that particular summer afternoon , as I stood there alone with my ravishing poppies , in what , after all , was my garden , this logic seemed strangely compelling .
So I combed my little stand of poppies for the fattest , most turgid seed head and bent it toward me .
Taking the warm , plumsize pod between my thumb and forefinger , I nicked its skin with a thumbnail .
After a moment a small bead of milky sap formed on the surface ; the wound continued to bleed for a minute or two , the sap darkening perceptibly as it oxidized , and then it slowed , clotting .
I dabbed the drop of opium with my forefinger .
touched it to my tongue .
It was indescribably bitter .
The taste lingered on my palate for the rest of the afternoon .
5 .
When I finally met Jim Hogshire in mid-July , it had been two weeks since his missed court date .
He was staying in Manhattan , a good place to be anonymous , as he mulled over his next move .
On a hot summer morning we met for coffee on West Twenty - third Street , afterward , we planned to visit the flower district , to shop for dried poppies and check out a rumor that Hogshire had heard about a crackdown on imports of dried poppies .
Hogshire was dressed all in white , a slender thirty - eight - year - old with long blond hair gathered in a neat ponytail .
His face was handsome but careworn ; his fine , angular features were lined , and his deep - set eyes , which are a striking shade of gray , were ringed with shadows .
In conversation I found him alternately expansive and wary , though only rarely did he ask to speak off the record .
For someone who had no place to live , who was one traffic stop away from going to jail , Hogshire seemed surprisingly composed — or at least a lot more composed than I would be under the circumstances .
Hogshire is passionate about poppies , and we covered that mutual interest for a while , shuttling from Papaver horticulture to jurisprudence , Papaver nomenclature to chemistry .
I learned about the thirty - eight different alkaloids that have been found in somniferum , the “ biogenetic pathways ” from thebaine to morphine ( he lost me here ) , and the “ incredible potential ” of the “ Bentley compounds ” that have been synthesized from Papaver bracteatum .
He told me that he ’d first heard about poppy tea from a friend , a gardener whose Russian grandmother had brewed it as a home remedy .
Hogshire started experimenting with poppies that he found growing “ literally right outside the door of my apartment . ”
“ The first few times I got it all wrong — I did n’t grind the poppies up , and I was indiscriminate , using the leaves and stems as well as the pods .
I also tried smoking all the various parts , using myself and my wife as guinea pigs .
I proved to myself empirically that the heads are undoubtedly the most potent part of the plant . ”
I realized that Hogshire regarded himself as heir to a great tradition of self - experimentation in Western medicine .
Eventually he learned how to make a potent tea from dried poppies , pulverizing a handful of heads in a coffee grinder and then steeping the powder in hot water .
I asked him to describe the effects of a cup of poppy tea .
“ It ’s not a knock - you - on - your - ass sort of thing , not like smoking opium .
In fact , a lot of people will tell you they forget that they are high .
It starts with a tickling feeling in the stomach that then rises up into the shoulders and head — this feeling of just . . . joy .
You feel optimistic about things , energetic but at the same time relaxed .
You ’ll remain functional : you wo n’t say anything stupid and you ’ll remember everything that happens .
You wo n’t nod out , though you will feel a strong desire to close your eyes .
Any pain you have will go away ; the tea will also relieve exogenously caused depression .
That ’s why poppy tea is served at funerals in the Middle East .
It can make sadness go away . ”
It ’s hard to believe that commercially available flowers could produce such effects , and at times the claims in Hogshire ’s book had reminded me of earlier “ household highs ” — smoking banana peels , for instance ( “ they call me mellow yellow , ” Donovan had purred back in 1967 ) , eating morning - glory seeds ( purported to be a hallucinogen ) , or sipping cocktails made from Coca - Cola and aspirin .
Could it be there was some sort of placebo effect at work here ?
Hogshire showed me a scientific article , from the Bulletin on Narcotics , that stated plainly that commercially sold dried poppies did indeed contain opiates , in significant quantities .
He also pointed out that it was possible to become addicted to poppy tea .
In his book he says , “ Opium withdrawal hurts , but the pain will end , usually within three to five days … .
Those are indeed hard days for the kicking addict but it is no worse than a nasty case of the flu . ”
This certainly did n’t sound like the effects of a placebo .
If Hogshire was right , then opium was hidden in plain sight in America — which certainly would explain why the government would take an interest in the author of Opium for the Masses .
He and his small - press book had punctured a set of myths that have served the government well since 1942 , when Congress decided that the best way to control opiates was to ban domestic cultivation of Papaver somniferum and force pharmaceutical companies to import opium ( which they use to produce morphine and other opiates ) from a handful of designated Asian countries .
Since then the perception has taken hold that this legislative stricture is actually a botanical one — that opium will grow only in these places .
The other myth Hogshire had exploded is that the only way to extract opiates from opium poppies is by slitting their heads in the field , a complex and time - consuming process that , I heard over and over again from law - enforcement officials and gardeners alike , made the domestic production of opium impractical .
The durability of these myths has obliterated knowledge about opium that was common as recently as a century ago , when opium was still a popular nonprescription remedy and opium poppies an important domestic crop .
As late as 1915 , pamphlets issued by the U.S. Department of Agriculture were still mentioning opium poppies as a good cash crop for northern farmers .
A few decades before , the Shakers were growing opium commercially in upstate New York .
Well into this century , Russian , Greek , and Arab immigrants in America have used poppy - head tea as a mild sedative and a remedy for headaches , muscle pain , cough , and diarrhea .
During the Civil War , gardeners in the South were encouraged to plant opium for the war effort , in order to ensure a supply of painkillers for the Confederate Army .
The descendants of these poppies are thriving to this day in southern gardens , but not the knowledge of their provenance or powers .
What Hogshire has done is to excavate this vernacular knowledge and then publish it to the world — in how - to form , with recipes .
As far as I can tell , the knowledge in his book has n’t seeped too far into the drug culture — Opium for the Masses has sold between eight and ten thousand copies , and I turned up no evidence of widespread tea - brewing in drug circles — yet I was curious to know just how far knowledge about his knowledge had spread in law - enforcement circles .
As Hogshire and I strolled the few blocks up Sixth Avenue to the flower district , he told me that , since the book ’s publication in 1994 , the price of dried poppies had doubled and the DEA had launched a “ quiet ” investigation into the domestic poppy trade .
Agents had paid visits to dried - flower vendors , as well as to the American Association for the Dried and Preserved Floral Industry , a trade group based in Westport , Connecticut .
All this sounded to me like either boastfulness or paranoia — until , that is , we got to the flower district .
Manhattan ’s flower district is modest , a picturesque couple of blocks of lower Sixth Avenue where a few dozen dried - and cut - flower wholesalers have their showrooms at street level .
As a pedestrian reaches Twenty - seventh Street , what had been a particularly dreary stretch of Manhattan suddenly erupts into greenery and bloom .
Buckets of dried lotus heads and hydrangeas line the storefronts , gardenias in hanging baskets perfume the air , and clusters of potted ficus trees briefly transform the grubby sidewalk into a fair copy of a garden path .
On Twenty - eighth Street we stopped in a narrow , cluttered shop that specializes in dried flowers .
Hogshire surveyed a long wall of cubbies stuffed with unlabeled bunches of dried flowers — yarrow , lotus , hydrangeas , peonies , and roses in a dozen different hues — until he spotted the poppies : four different grades , their seedpods ranging in size from marbles to tennis balls , most of them in bunches of ten wrapped in cellophane .
The smallest ones still wore a green tint and had a few crunchy leaves wrapped around their stems .
The larger poppy heads were buff - colored and strikingly sculptural .
They reminded me of a botanical photograph by Karl Blossfeldt , the early - twentieth - century German photographer whose portraits of stems and buds and flowers make them look as if they ’d been cast in iron .
Hogshire asked the woman at the register if she ’d had any problems lately obtaining poppies .
She shrugged .
“ No problems .
How many you need ? ” I took a bunch , for $ 10 .
I felt weirdly self - conscious about my purchase , and the plastic sack she offered me was too short for the long stems , so before we stepped back out onto the street I turned the bunch head - down in the bag .
We heard a very different story across the street , at Bill ’s Flowers .
Bill told us that he could n’t get poppies anymore : according to his supplier , the DEA — or the USDA , he was n’t sure — had banned imports a few months before , “ because kids were smoking the seeds or something . ”
The supplier had told him that it was okay to sell whatever inventory he had left but that there ’d be no more poppies after that .
Bill ’s story was my first indication that the federal authorities were , as Hogshire had claimed , doing something about the poppy trade — though it would take me several more weeks to figure out exactly what that something was .
Before the morning was over , Hogshire invited me up to his room ; the day was getting hot , and he wanted to change his shirt .
Most nights since his eviction he ’d spent in the apartments of friends , far from home .
Tomorrow he expected to be staying somewhere else .
I ’d asked him earlier why he had n’t stayed to face the charges in Seattle .
“ I would go back in a second if I thought they were going to fight fair — if I could be sure they would n’t manufacture evidence or slap me back in jail at my arraignment .
But the fact that they would n’t just drop this thing after the first charge was thrown out shows me they ’re being vindictive . ”
( By February , Hogshire had had a change of heart .
He said that he ’d retained a new lawyer and that he was planning to go back to Seattle to face the charges against him . )
I sat on the bed while Hogshire changed his shirt .
Looking around the cramped room , I could see he was traveling light , with little more than a change of clothes , his laptop computer , some books , a stack of articles about poppies , and a sheaf of legal papers about his case .
I wondered what it would be like to slip underground — not to be able to go home , not to have your stuff around , not even to know exactly where you would be spending the next night , week , month .
6 .
Easy as it may have been to distance myself from Hogshire ’s underground existence , riding home on the commuter train I found myself wondering just how much circumstantial distance really stood between Jim Hogshire and me .
It was less than meets the eye , and far too little for comfort .
I had poppies growing in my garden , after all , and I was preparing an article that would not only acknowledge that fact but would also reprise the very information that had gotten Hogshire into so much hot water .
With what you publish , the officer had asked Hogshire as they hauled him off to jail , were n’t you expecting this ?
So what , exactly , set us apart ?
For one thing , my life was n’t lived as close to society ’s margins as Jim ’s appeared to be ; for another , I was writing for a national magazine rather than the fringe press .
And this : I did n’t associate with people like Bob Black .
I clung to these distinctions in the weeks that followed as I made a concerted effort to learn just how strongly the DEA really felt about poppies — whether , as Hogshire had suggested , the government had launched an investigation and crackdown on domestic opium growing .
My curiosity on this point was journalistic but also somewhat more self - interested , and urgent , than that .
For by discovering what the DEA was up to , I hoped to learn whether the paranoid fantasies gnawing at me had any basis in reality .
I needed to know whether I should be getting rid of my poppies as quickly as possible or whether I could safely let them ripen and then perhaps experiment with poppy tea .
I started checking out Hogshire ’s leads .
At the American Association for the Dried and Preserved Floral Industry , Beth Sherman confirmed that a DEA agent by the name of Larry Snyder had indeed paid the group a visit in 1995 .
“ He asked us to put an article in our newsletter advising people not to carry this certain kind of poppy , ” she told me .
The poppy had always been illegal , the agent had explained to them , but “ prior to this they did n’t enforce it .
They were trying to correct something that had gotten out of hand , but they were trying to do it in a low - key way . ”
The association agreed to publish an article supplied by the DEA informing their membership that it was illegal to possess or sell Papaver somniferum .
Hogshire had told me that a Seattle - area flower shop called Nature ’s Arts , Inc. , had also been contacted by the DEA .
I got in touch with Don Jackson , the shop ’s owner .
Jackson , who has been in the dried - flower business for forty - five years , told me that a local DEA agent named Joel Wong had visited his shop in March of 1993 .
The agent had told Jackson that he was investigating poppies and wanted to know what kind his store carried and where they came from .
“ He took away several poppies and had them tested .
A few weeks later he told me that they were of the opium type and that someone could get high on it , but he did n’t say I had to stop selling them . ”
Since then , Jackson had heard rumors of a crackdown and said that he knew of several big domestic growers who had stopped planting poppies for fear of having their crops confiscated .
Jackson was concerned about the disappearance of somniferum from the trade : “ We do n’t have anything to replace it with , ” he explained .
“ That seedpod is so nice and big and round .
It ’s just what people are looking for as a focal point in an arrangement . ”
When I tried to get in touch with Joel Wong I learned that he ’d recently retired .
Another agent in his office took my call but insisted , at the end of a fifteen - minute chat , that I not quote him by name .
Under the circumstances , I think I ’ll oblige .
Agent Anonymous seemed to be unaware of his predecessor ’s investigation into dried poppies , so I changed the subject to poppy growing .
“ It ’s illegal to grow opium poppies , ” the agent said , “ but frankly I do n’t see it becoming a big problem , only because it ’s so labor - intensive to harvest the opium .
You ’ve got to go out early in the morning and slit the pods , then wait until the gum oozes out , and then you have to scrape it off pod by pod .
Why would you do all this when you can go down to First and Pike and score some black tar ? ”
( Black tar is a cheap form of heroin from Mexico . )
“ I say , let ’em at it — it ’s not going to be a big problem . ”
It was a friendly enough chat , so I figured I ’d ask the agent what advice he ’d give a gardener of my acquaintance who had opium poppies growing in his garden .
“ I ’d tell him it ’s illegal and he ’s running a risk of getting his front door kicked .
But I ’ve got priorities .
If he ’s a University of Washington botanist who ’s growing poppies , he ’s not going to have his door kicked ; on the other hand , if this professor ’s scoring the pods , his door most likely will be kicked .
It ’s on a case - by - case basis .
“ But I would also tell him , Why grow this illegal plant when there are so many other beautiful plants you can grow ?
That would be my advice :
Why grow the opium when you can put your energy into bonsai plants or orchids , which are so much more challenging ?
Because how many people can grow an orchid ? ”
I had told him that I was a garden writer , and he seemed eager to talk about orchid growing , his hobby ; he mentioned he kept an orchid on his desk .
But when I pressed him about my hypothetical opium - poppy grower , he turned distinctly less amiable .
“ What if this poppy grower is also publishing articles about how to make poppy tea ? ”
“ Then his door is going to be kicked .
Because he ’s trying to promote something that ’s illegal . ”
It was a chilling conversation .
I was reminded of something Hogshire had said about the laws governing opium poppies .
“ It ’s as if they had on the books a twenty - miles - per - hour speed limit that was never posted , never enforced , never even talked about .
There ’s no way for you to know that this is the law .
Then they pick someone out and say , Hey , you were going fifty .
Do n’t you know the speed limit is twenty ?
You broke the law — you ’re going to jail !
But nobody else is being stopped , you say .
That does n’t matter — this is the law and we have the discretion .
The fact that your car is covered with political bumper stickers that we do n’t like has nothing to do with it .
This is n’t about free speech ! ”
Whatever else they may be , the drug laws are a powerful weapon in the hands of an Agent Anonymous or , for that matter , a Bob Black .
With the speed limit set so low , all it takes is an angry government agent or a “ citizen informant ” to get you pulled over — to get your door kicked .
It was soon after my conversation with Agent Anonymous that I had my second opium dream .
July was nearly over , and I ’d come down with a case of Lyme disease , so my nights were already frightful enough , a roller coaster of fevers and bone - rattling chills .
In the dream I awake to find faces pressed against the windows of my bedroom , five panes filled with five round white heads : slightly elfin , slightly Slavic - looking .
It ’s a raid , I realize ; they ’re looking for poppies .
All night long they search my house , and then , at daybreak , they begin to scour my vegetable garden .
They ’re examining every inch of soil , they ’re even dusting the leaves of my cabbages for fingerprints .
My tormentors are peculiarly non-menacing , and in this dream I ’ve already pulled out my poppies , so I should have nothing to worry about .
Even so , I ’m trying as hard as I can to watch all five of them at once , just to make sure they do n’t “ plant ” anything , but no matter which way I move , one of them is always blocking my view of the others .
I move this way , then that , and the frustration of not being able to see what they ’re up to builds until I think I ’m going to explode .
And then all of a sudden I spot a single , gorgeous lavender poppy in full bloom on the other side of the garden fence : an escapee .
Will they notice it ?
I wake before I find out , the bedclothes drenched with perspiration .
Maybe the Lyme disease explains the nightmare — I ’d had intense , fevered dreams all that week — but it could also have been the call I received from Jim Hogshire earlier that day , announcing that he was thinking of coming up to my place “ to help out with the harvest . ”
By comparison , the dream was a walk in the park , for here was a genuine nightmare : I was sick with a 103 - degree fever , my joints so stiff I could scarcely turn my head , and a man who was wanted by the police and had no place to live was proposing to come over to help me harvest a crop that could land me in jail .
My mind careened as I considered precisely how terrible an idea this was .
Did I really want someone who might well , at some point , come under intense pressure from the police ( all right , Hogshire , who else can you finger ? ) to see my garden ?
And once he had unpacked , how was I ever going to get my houseguest to leave ?
( The Cable Guy was in the movie theaters that week . )
This is , I know , terribly unfair to dim Hogshire , who strikes me as a decent - enough fellow , but I kept thinking about something disturbing that he ’d told me : that , after his eviction , he had given some serious thought to turning in his landlady for growing opium poppies .
I was also flashing on the figure of Bob Black , the Houseguest from Hell .
I rifled my brain for a polite and halfway credible excuse , but this was a summit that social etiquette had not yet scaled .
In the end I merely spluttered something pathetic about being too sick to think about having people over right now and needing to check with my wife before extending any invitations .
I also told Hogshire that I was n’t sure whether I was ever going to harvest , which was true .
I did n’t yet have a good enough fix on the DEA ’s intentions regarding poppies and , therefore , on the risk harvesting might entail .
It appeared that the DEA was up to something , but what , exactly ?
I knew I should contact the DEA ’s Washington , D.C. , headquarters , but knowing how opaque its agents can be ( and being more than a little nervous about alerting them to my existence and interests while my plants were still in the ground ) , I decided it might be best first to find out as much as I could about the scope of their domestic poppy campaign .
I called Shepherd Ogden at Cook ’s , one of the seed companies that sells opium poppies .
He ’d heard rumors that the DEA had sent letters to seed companies requesting they stop selling somniferum , though he had n’t received one himself .
Ogden reiterated what I already knew : that the sale of seeds is perfectly legal .
Beyond that he was uncertain .
He suggested that I check with the Association of Specialty Cut Flower Growers , a trade group in Oberlin , Ohio .
As it turned out , the president of the association , a northern California flower grower named Will Fulton , had just drafted a column for the latest issue of the association ’s newsletter alerting members to the DEA letter , which had been received by “ one of our most reputable seed companies . ”
The column quoted the letter ’s first paragraph :
It has come to the attention of the United States Department of Justice ,
Drug Enforcement Administration ( DEA ) , that in certain parts of the
United States the opium poppy ( Papaver Somniferum L. ) is being
cultivated for culinary and horticultural purposes [ the italics are Fulton ’s ] .
The cultivation of opium poppy in the United States is illegal , as is the
possession of “ poppy straw , ( all parts of the harvested opium poppy except
the seeds ) .
Certain seed companies have been identified as selling opium
poppy seeds , some with instruction for cultivation printed on the retail
packages .
Before this situation adds to the drug abuse epidemic , DEA
is requesting your assistance in curbing such activity .
Judging by the spirited polemic that followed , Will Fulton is the Tom Paine of the cut - flower world .
“ Wait a minute ! ” he wrote .
“ Where ’s the mens rea [ criminal intent ] here ? ”
Imagine yourself in the interrogation room , he asked his members : “ `So , you admit that you intended to cultivate for culinary or horticultural purposes . ’
“ Why is it illegal to plant a seed , a gift from nature , when your only intention is to grow it for its physical beauty , yet at the same time it is perfectly legal to purchase an AK - 47 when your only intention is gopher control ? ”
True , the Founding Fathers had provided for a specific right to bear arms , but the only reason they ’d had nothing to say “ about the right to plant seeds [ was ] . . . because it never would have occurred to them that any state might care to abridge that right .
After all , they were writing on hemp paper .
When I reached Fulton at his flower farm in northern California , he identified the recipient of the DEA letter as Thompson & Morgan , a venerable British - owned company with offices in New Jersey .
Lisa Crowning , the chief horticulturist at Thompson & Morgan , confirmed having received the letter , which she regarded as “ intimidating ” and “ worrisome . ”
Sent by registered mail in late June , the letter was signed by “ Larry Snyder , Chief , International Drug Unit ” — the same man who ’d paid a visit to the American Association for the Dried and Preserved Floral Industry .
Thompson & Morgan had n’t yet made a final decision on the DEA ’s request , but Crowning hoped the firm would continue to offer opium poppies , which she told me she grows in her own garden .
Crowning had telephoned Larry Snyder , hoping that there might be “ some halfway measure ” that would satisfy the DEA ( she mentioned putting a warning in the catalogue , or removing growing instructions from the packets ) but found him completely inflexible .
“ We do n’t want to offend the DEA , ” she told me , “ but we feel we are completely within our rights to sell these seeds . ”
The full text of Snyder ’s letter to Thompson & Morgan brought the alarming news that the DEA was indeed arresting poppy growers .
It alluded to “ a recent DEA drug seizure involving a significant quantity of poppy plants . . . many with scored seed pods . . . [ that ] revealed a supply of poppy seeds noting the date of the shipment and the name and address of your company as the supplier .
You should be aware that supplying these seeds for cultivation purposes may be considered illegal . ”
After that thinly veiled threat , Snyder called for a “ voluntary cessation of the sale of Papaver Somniferum L. ”
By October the horticultural grapevine was abuzz with poppy talk and what sounded to me like rumors of war .
From Beth Benjamin at Shepherd ’s Garden Seeds
I learned that the police had seized poppies from a public garden project for the homeless that the firm had backed in Santa Cruz .
From Will Fulton
I learned about a grower in northern California who had had his crop plowed under by the DEA .
From the American Seed Trade Association ( ASTA ) I learned that the DEA — in the person of Larry Snyder — had formally requested that the group call for a voluntary ban on sales of poppy seeds ; the association had complied , a staffer told me , “ as a civic - duty type of thing . ”
From Katie Sluder , an importer of dried flowers based in North Carolina , I learned that a container load of poppies that she had ordered from a grower in Holland had been turned back by U.S. Customs .
A crackdown was under way , but it was an oddly muffled crackdown .
Rather than stage a few well - publicized raids , the DEA seemed to be pursuing a far more subtle strategy .
It was working within the industry ( in some cases by intimidating companies engaged in legitimate trade ) to stanch supplies of both seeds and dried flowers without making any noise in public , much less publicizing exactly what people might be doing with poppies .
The subtle hand behind these efforts apparently belonged to Larry Snyder , and I decided the time had come for me to talk to him .
When I spotted his phone number printed in ASTA ’s newsletter , I felt as though I had stumbled upon the Wizard of Oz ’s direct line .
After I introduced myself as a garden writer , Snyder agreed to an interview .
I began by asking his advice on the poppies growing in my garden .
He came right to the point : “ My advice is not to grow them .
It is a violation of federal law .
I would get rid of them . ”
He added that “ we ’re not going into Grandma ’s garden and taking samples of her poppies ” and confirmed that a gardener had to be growing P. somniferum with knowledge and intent before the deed became a crime .
Perhaps trying to be helpful , Snyder pointed out that there are 1,200 other species of poppies I could be growing instead , including “ rhoeas and giganteum and a jillion others . ”
Giganccum ?
Was n’t that the one Wayne Winterrowd had said was just a strain of somniferum ?
1 asked him to describe it .
“ It ’s got an even bigger capsule than somniferum .
I ’ve got one of them sitting right here on my desk . ”
Snyder acknowledged that the DEA had done nothing to enforce the laws against poppy growing until recently , after receiving “ some information coming in out of the Northwest and California that people were making a tea from dried and fresh poppies . ”
Was he familiar with a book called Opium for the Masses ?
After what felt to me like an uncomfortably long pause , he said simply , “ We see most of the publications . ”
I might be mistaken , but it was my impression that Snyder grew suddenly curt with me at this point in our conversation .
He refused to say anything more about the seizure mentioned in his letter to the seed companies , on the ground that it was “ still an active case . ”
When I wondered on what authority the DEA could stop seed companies from selling legal seeds , he cut me off : “ If they sell for cultivation purposes , that is illegal . ”
It was hard to see what other reason a seed company would have for selling seeds .
Then I asked Larry Snyder if he worried that his efforts might alert people to just how easy it is to obtain opiates in this country .
“ There ’s always a risk that as more people become aware , some people will try it .
It ’s kind of like announcing that the bank leaves the vault open at nine o’clock in the morning .
Is that going to induce someone to rob the bank ?
Draw your own conclusions . ”
7 .
The conclusion I drew was that the DEA was indeed trying to implement a quiet crackdown , attempting to shut down supplies of poppies , fresh as well as dried , without calling attention to the fact that , as I had discovered with Jim Hogshire ’s help , they are commonly available and easily converted into a narcotic .
What was in the bank vault that Snyder alluded to was this very knowledge , still shut up behind a high wall of misinformation and myth .
The DEA appears to be intent on keeping it there , making sure that domestic opium disappears before the knowledge gets out that it is , in fact , hidden in plain sight .
The government would seem to be walking a torturously narrow path here , attempting to send one message to those who are in the know and a very different one to those who are not .
This delicate balancing act was on full display in the seizure that Larry Snyder would n’t discuss with me .
I ’m fairly sure that I now know what bust Snyder was talking about — or not talking about .
On June 11 , a few weeks before my own poppies had bloomed , the DEA and local law - enforcement agents in Spalding County , Georgia , raided the garden of Rodney Allen Moore , a thirty - one - year - old unemployed man , and his wife , Cherie .
Agents seized 258 poppy plants , many of them with their seed capsules scored ; two dozen marijuana seedlings ; and several ounces of bagged marijuana .
A search of the trailer in which the Moores lived turned up records indicating that the poppy seeds had been ordered from Thompson & Morgan and two other firms , as well as a copy of Opium for the Masses .
Moore was charged with manufacturing morphine and possession of marijuana .
Although he had no prior arrest record , he was ( and as of February is still being ) held on $ 100,000 bail .
It does not appear that Moore ’s bust was part of any organized crackdown on people who grow poppies ; acting on an anonymous tip , agents had come looking for a plantation of marijuana and apparently stumbled upon the poppies .
But the way the raid was handled is , I think , indicative of the government ’s two - pronged strategy with respect to domestic opium .
While with one hand the DEA took advantage of the bust to track down and apply pressure to the companies that had ( legally ) sold Rodney Allen Moore his poppy seeds , with the other it sought to spread a thick cloud of disinformation about poppies before the public .
AGENTS TO CHECK ON HOW POPPIES ENTERED THE COUNTRY , read the page - one headline in the Griffin Daily News , alongside a photo of one of Moore ’s scored poppy heads .
The article made no mention of the well - known seed catalogues found in Moore ’s trailer , which , of course , proved that his poppies had not “ entered ” the country at all .
Instead it quoted Vincent Morgano , a DEA agent , claiming that the growing of opium poppies in this country was unheard of : “ In my 25 years with the agency I have never seen it grown in the United States . ”
Clarence Cox , head of the Griffin - Spalding Narcotics Task Force , assured the press that the confiscated poppies are not the same kind that are commonly grown in American flower gardens , Spalding County Sheriff Richard Cantrell said that each of the 258 seedpods seized in the raid could , if properly harvested and processed , yield up to a kilo of heroin apiece .
( Talk about alchemy ! )
Bill Maloney , also with the DEA , explained to a reporter that extracting narcotics from the pods entailed a very complicated and dangerous procedure : “ I do n’t even think someone with a Ph.D. could do it . ”
He also said that opium poppies were extremely rare in the southeastern United States .
“ The climate has to be just right , ” he explained .
“ The temperatures have to be warm and you have to have the right amount of water . ”
All these assertions I read in the Griffin Daily News , which had taken them on faith .
And why not ?
What reason would government officials have to lie about horticulture ?
Yet several of these statements I had already disproved in my own garden .
I knew for a matter of fact that the poppies in question — Papaver somniferum — are indeed the same kind commonly grown in American gardens , and that growing them anywhere in the country is not by any stretch a horticultural challenge .
And although I did not yet have direct knowledge that these poppies could be made into a narcotic tea , James Duke , a botanist I contacted at the United States Department of Agriculture , had told me that ordinary , garden - variety opium poppies did contain morphine and codeine , and that these alkaloids could easily and effectively be extracted from fresh or dried seedpods by infusing them in hot water — by making a tea .
Duke , who has done extensive work on poppies and is something of a legend in botanical circles , further suggested that alcohol would make a better solvent for extracting alkaloids from poppies than water , which made sense : laudanum is a name for just such a tincture of opium .
“ You can get the equivalent of a shot of heroin from a good green pod dissolved in a glass of vodka , ” Duke told me .
“ So you can see why they might be concerned . ”
And why they might be inclined to lie .
If opium is so easy to grow , and opium tea so easy to make , the best — perhaps the only — way for the government to stop people from growing and making their own is to convince them that it ca n’t be done .
I had every reason to believe that James Duke and Jim Hogshire were right , and to doubt the statements of the government agents in Georgia .
But it still seemed to me that , in light of the ever - thickening mist of mis- and disinformation swirling around the subject of poppies , the best way to nail down the last piece of poppy knowledge would be to perform a simple experiment on the flowers in my garden .
I understood by now that the laws governing poppy cultivation had already expelled me from the country of the law - abiding , indeed had done so even before I knew it had happened .
Since those laws drew no distinction between growing poppies and making poppy tea , there seemed to be no good reason not to take the steps needed to satisfy my curiosity .
Drinking tea was unlikely to put me in any greater jeopardy than I already was .
But what about writing about the experience ?
It was with that troubling question in mind that I went in search of some legal advice .
Many pages ago I mentioned that civil liberties lawyers now speak in terms of a “ drugs exception ” to the Bill of Rights , and in the last few weeks I have had a chilling education into exactly what that means , under the tutelage of several criminal lawyers and one former district attorney .
Throughout this whole expert meet , my worst - case scenario , inspired largely by Jim Hogshire ’s experience , has been the midnight visit from the police ; the seed of my paranoia , the germ of my opium dreams , had always been the team of agents armed with a search warrant , tearing up my house and garden while my family and I look on helplessly .
I had always assumed , though , that the government would need some physical evidence ( surely the poppies themselves ) or at least an eyewitness — some sort of independent corroboration of the fact that I grew poppies — before it could bring charges against me .
But after two decades of war against drugs , the power of the government to move against its citizens has grown even greater than many of us realize .
According to the lawyers I ’ve talked to , a search warrant may turn out to be the least of my worries .
It is at least conceivable that a federal prosecutor could charge me with manufacturing a Schedule II controlled substance with no more evidence than the contents of this article .
And then there is this even more disturbing fact : under federal asset - forfeiture laws amended by Congress in 1984 and upheld by the U.S. Supreme Court , the government could seize my house and land and evict my family from our home without convicting me of any crime , indeed without so much as charging me with one .
My house and garden can be “ convicted ” of the crime of manufacturing opium poppies regardless of whether I am ever charged , let alone convicted , of that offense .
That ’s because under the civil - forfeiture statute the standard of proof is much lower than in a criminal prosecution ; the government need only demonstrate “ probable cause ” that my property was involved in a violation of the drug laws in order to confiscate it .
What would it take to establish that probable cause ?
In the opinion of some of the lawyers who have read it , nothing more than the article you hold in your hand .
To borrow an expression from Jim Hogshire , I have exceeded the twenty - mile - an hour speed limit that the government has posted ( or not posted ) over the growing of poppies ; that much this article has established .
By publishing it , I enter a zone where the government possesses the means by which to make a mess of my life .
Will its agents avail themselves of those means , will they pull me over ?
Obviously there ’s no way of knowing ; a huge uncertainty has entered my life .
But the decision now is theirs .
And it is a decision that will be shaped by certain facts of a political and even rhetorical nature that I would be foolish to ignore .
I happen to believe that it would be no big deal to harvest a couple of seedpods from my garden , to crush and steep them in a cup of hot water , and to taste the resultant tea .
( It certainly would n’t take a Ph.D. ) I happen also to think that it would n’t be wrong to describe that tea as little more than an interesting home remedy — a powerful analgesic that also produces a mild sensation of euphoria .
But that ’s my description .
And now that I have made myself vulnerable to the government ’s police power , I am forced to weigh , if not honor , the government ’s very different description of those same acts : that making poppy tea is “ manufacturing narcotics ” ; that printing its recipe and describing its effects in any but the most horrific terms would be “ promoting drug abuse . ”
The decision whether or not to prosecute a per son turns not only on what crimes he may or may not have committed but also on what sort of story a prosecutor can tell about him .
If I were to describe here the brewing and tasting of poppy tea , it would be that much easier for a prosecutor to tell a story in which I appear less like the countless thousands of poppy - growing gardeners to whom the police turn a blind eye each season and more like , well , Jim Hogshire .
Hogshire still calls and e-mails me now and then , from wherever .
( “ Before I say anything else , ” one recent communique began , “ I wanna make sure I remembered your e-mail [ address ] right so write me back and tell me something you know . . . ” )
In our last conversation he urged me to be “ extremely careful what you write , man . ”
Hogshire ’s experience certainly suggests that it is not my experiments with poppies that are apt to get me in trouble ; it is the act of publishing an account of those experiments — the one act that , ironically enough , is constitutionally protected .
Would Jim Hogshire have been prosecuted for the possession of store - bought dried poppies had he never published an upbeat how - to called Opium for the Masses ?
It seems doubtful .
We ’ll kick his door , Agent Anonymous had memorably vowed when I described to him a hypothetical author of articles about making poppy tea .
Why ?
Because that ’s promoting something illegal .
As the cases of Jim Hogshire and Rodney Allen Moore suggest , the government appears every bit as concerned with the supply of poppy information as it is with the supply of poppies themselves .
With what you write , the arresting officer had asked Jim Hogshire as they drove him off to jail , were n’t you expecting this ?
This is not a question I ever want to hear .
8 .
It was on a chilly afternoon last fall that I set to work pulling up my withered poppies .
By now they had dried on their stalks , forming crinkled brown pods the size of walnuts .
Examining the seedpods , I could see that the tiny portals circling the anther at the top of each capsule had opened , releasing the poppy seeds to the wind .
The seed portals looked like the little observation windows circling the crown of the Statue of Liberty .
By now the seeds had probably been dispersed all over the neighborhood and would probably come up on their own , willy - nilly , next spring .
( What , I wondered , would be the legal status of poppies that had planted themselves ? )
I made a mental note to weed very carefully next season .
I was unsure exactly what to do with this crop of dead flowers — this evidence .
I ’d read that police no longer needed a warrant to search my garbage ( another juridical fruit of the drug war ) , so throwing the poppies out with the trash was not an option .
The seedpods I decided simply to crush in my fists ; it was blowing fitfully that day , and the brown shards , light as chaff , were carried off on the wind .
That left only the anonymous - looking stalks , which I decided to compost — somewhere off my property .
As I gathered up the poppy stalks , I reflected on the season ’s unusual harvest .
Pride is a common enough emotion among gardeners at this time of year — that , and a continuing amazement at what it is possible to create , virtually out of nothing , in one ’s garden .
I still marvel each summer at the achievement of a Bourbon rose or even a beefsteak tomato — how the gardener can cause nature to yield up something so specifically attractive to the human eye or nose or taste bud .
So it was with these astonishing poppies : how can it be that such an inconsequential speck of seed could yield a fruit in my garden with the power to lift pain , alter consciousness , “ make sadness go away ” ?
We have the scientist ’s explanation : the alkaloids in opium consist of complex molecules identical to the molecules that our brain produces to cope with pain and reward itself with pleasure , though it seems to me that this is one of those scientific explanations that only compounds the mystery it purports to solve .
For what are the odds that a molecule produced by a flower out in the world would turn out to hold the precise key required to unlock the physiological mechanism governing the economy of pleasure and pain in my brain ?
There is something miraculous about such a correspondence between nature and mind , though it too must have an explanation .
It might be the result of sheer molecular accident .
But it seems more likely that it is the result of a little of that and then a whole lot of co-evolution : one theory holds that Papaver somniferum is a flower whose evolution has been directly influenced by the pleasure , and relief from pain , it happened to give a certain primate with a gift for horticulture and experiment .
The flowers that gave people the most pleasure were the ones that produced the most offspring .
It ’s not all that different from the case of the Bourbon rose or the beefsteak tomato , two other plants whose evolution has been guided by the hand of human interest .
There was a second astonishment I registered out there that autumn afternoon , this one somewhat darker .
As I threw my broken stalks on the compost and fumed them under with a pitchfork , I thought about what it could possibly mean to say that this plant was “ illegal . ”
I had started out a few months ago with a seed no more felonious than the one for a tomato ( indeed , they had arrived in the same envelope ) , and , after planting and watering it , thinning and weeding and performing all the other ordinary acts of gardening , I had ended up with a flower that rendered its cultivator a criminal .
Surely this was an alchemy no less incredible than the one that had transformed that same seed into a chemical compound with the power to alter the ratio of pleasure and pain in my brain .
Yet this second transformation had no basis in nature whatsoever .
It is , in fact , the result of nothing more than a particular legal taxonomy , a classification of certain substances that appear in nature into categories labeled “ licit ” and “ illicit . ”
Any such taxonomy , being the product of a particular culture and history and politics , is an artificial construct .
It ’s not difficult to imagine how it might have been very different than it is .
In fact it once was , and not so long ago .
Not far from my garden stands a very old apple tree , planted early in this century by the farmer who used to live here , a man named Matyas , who bought this land in 1915 .
( The name is pronounced “ matches . ” )
The tree still produces a small crop of apples each fall , but they ’re not very good to eat .
From what I ’ve been able to ream , the farmer grew them for the sole purpose of making hard cider , something most American farmers had done since Colonial times ; indeed , until this century hard cider was probably the most popular intoxicant — drug , if you will — in this country .
It should n’t surprise us that one of the symbols of the Women ’s Christian Temperance Union was an ax ; prohibitionists like Carry Nation used to call for the chopping down of apple trees just like the one in my garden , plants that in their eyes held some of the same menace that a marijuana plant , or a poppy flower , holds in the eyes of , say , William Bennett .
Old - timers around here tell me that Joe Matyas used to make the best applejack in town — 100 proof , I once heard .
No doubt his cider was subject to “ abuse , ” and from 1920 to 1933 its manufacture was a federal crime under the Eighteenth Amendment to the Constitution .
During those years the farmer violated a federal law every time he made a barrel of cider .
It ’s worth noting that during the period of anti-alcohol hysteria that led to Prohibition , certain forms of opium were as legal and almost as widely available in this country as alcohol is today .
It is said that members of the Women ’s Christian Temperance Union would relax at the end of a day spent crusading against alcohol with their cherished “ women ’s tonics , ” preparations whose active ingredient was laudanum — opium .
Such was the order of things less than a century ago .
The war on drugs is in truth a war on some drugs , their enemy status the result of historical accident , cultural prejudice , and institutional imperative .
The taxonomy on behalf of which this war is being fought would be difficult to explain to an extraterrestrial , or even a farmer like Matyas .
Is it the quality of addictiveness that renders a substance illicit ?
Not in the case of tobacco , which I am free to grow in this garden .
Curiously , the current campaign against tobacco dwells less on cigarettes ’ addictiveness than on their threat to our health .
So is it toxicity that renders a substance a public menace ?
Well , my garden is full of plants — datura and euphorbia , castor beans , and even the stems of my rhubarb — that would sicken and possibly kill me if I ingested them , but the government trusts me to be careful .
Is it , then , the prospect of pleasure — of “ recreational use ” — that puts a substance beyond the pale ?
Not in the case of alcohol : I can legally produce wine or hard cider or beer from my garden for my personal use ( though there are regulations governing its distribution to others ) .
So could it be a drug ’s “ mind - altering ” properties that make it evil ?
Certainly not in the case of Prozac , a drug that , much like opium , mimics chemical compounds manufactured in the brain .
Arbitrary though the war on drugs may be , the battle against the poppy is surely its most eccentric front .
The exact same chemical compounds in other hands — those of a pharmaceutical company , say , or a doctor — are treated as the boon to mankind they most surely are .
Yet although the medical value of my poppies is widely recognized , my failure to heed what amounts to a set of regulations ( that only a pharmaceutical company may handle these flowers ; that only a doctor may dispense their extracts ) and prejudices ( that refined alkaloids are superi
26 Jan 2008 @ 11:33 , by Richard Carlson
They who would give up an essential liberty for temporary security , deserve neither liberty or security .
--- Benjamin Franklin
Single acts of tyranny may be ascribed to the accidental opinion of a day .
But a series of oppressions , begun at a distinguished period , and pursued unalterably through every change of ministers ( administrations ) , too plainly proves a deliberate systematic plan of reducing us to slavery .
--- Thomas Jefferson
For more than a century , ideological extremists at either end of the political spectrum have seized upon well - publicized incidents to attack the Rockefeller family for the inordinate influence they claim we wield over American political and economic institutions .
Some even believe we are part of a secret cabal working against the best interests of the United States , characterizing my family and me as " internationalists " and of conspiring with others around the world to build a more integrated global political and economic structure --- one world , if you will .
If that 's the charge , I stand guilty , and I am proud of it .
--- David Rockefeller
from his Memoirs , p. 405
The photo shows David Rockefeller at the 2005 annual Bilderberg conference held that year in the Dorint Sofitel Seehotel Überfahrt in Rottach - Egern , Bavaria , Munich , Germany .
[ link ]
Poor Amy Goodman .
People look to her , as we do to Bill Moyers , to speak unfettered truth to us .
There are not many these days , who can punch through the myriad barriers to stand free and clear above the media storm .
Like Moyers , Ms. Goodman has managed to get herself an interview kind of broadcast , which can be seen or heard in limited areas where demand is great .
She 's on the cover of The Progressive this month , and an interview with her is inside .
Democracy Now ! has a website where the programs can be streamed .
[ link ]
One man who has supported her and Public Radio for many years is Sean Madden .
He 's an American expatriate living now in East Sussex , UK , where he maintains an interesting blog called Mindful Living .
[ link ]
His impressive credentials are listed there too .
He blogs his concerns about the States , particularly political and economic , at Inoodle.com , and it was here yesterday that he unloaded a pile of frustrations in an open letter .
I think he is not so much attacking Amy Goodman here , as he is sending her , and us , a perhaps startling wakeup call .
Mr. Madden is not alone in doing this .
Many of us have been screaming about Iraq , Bush , Dubai , global warming and all that for years .
But with the bursting of the American housing bubble , talk of impending recession ... and maybe worse , and yet another opportunity to bail out some banks , the scratchy voices of economists are joining the chorus of doom .
Madden 's rant ( and a rant it is ) to Democracy Now !
is along these lines , but without a lot of jargon for which you need an accounting degree .
I 've included a couple links which I encourage you to follow .
There are more hyperlinked at the original , all of which should explain why David Rockefeller illustrates this article .
Friday , January 25 , 2008
An Open Letter to Amy Goodman
Sean M. Madden 's open letter to Amy Goodman is in response to the following January 23rd Democracy Now ! headline :
Economics Journalist Robert Kuttner on the " Most Serious Financial Crisis Since the Great Depression " : " This is the Result of Rightwing Ideology and the Political Power of Wall Street "
Is it ?
Or is it the result of a one - world ideology shared amongst the elite of the so - called Right , the so - called Left , and not just Wall Street but an internationalist cabal of financiers , industrialists and in - pocket politicians who game everything from world financial markets to governments to the media , left , right and center ?
Conspiracy - deniers , read on and follow the links provided herein to refer to David Rockefeller 's own admissions of just such a one - world internationalist cabal .
[ link ]
Dear Amy ,
So many who are actively engaged in the search for truth in these turbulent times , as opposed to the overwhelming generality of " journalists " like yourself , have seen the ( sociopolitical ) economic collapse coming for ages .
Where were you ?
The fundamentals were always there : finite energy resources peaking globally ; a house - of - cards stock market dependent upon the myth of perpetual economic growth to fuel equity gains ; a consumer society kept ignorant and deliberately divided in very large part by way of unspeakably cynical media obfuscation ; endless military , covert and economic warfare designed to bankrupt the United States while transferring its ( our ) formerly great wealth into the hands of war profiteers who place politicians on a pedestal from which we are , ostensibly if not truly , free to choose every couple of years ; a housing market which resembles the stock market already mentioned and which is , likewise , propped up by financial fraud ; and , finally , unsustainable national and consumer debt levels meant to cripple the country and its people .
Where were you , Amy , to inform the public of these glaringly obvious fundamentals ?
Why were leading thinkers on such topics precluded from your programming , folk like Catherine Austin Fitts , Richard Heinberg , et al . ?
You deign to give your goodhearted listener - viewer - readers the symptoms , never the fundamentals which would empower them .
But is n't this exactly your role as a foundation - ( and perhaps intelligence agency - , though as these share the internationalist foundations ' one - world mission this is but a trivial distinction ) funded media star ?
That is , to add yet another layer of obfuscation to keep Americans firm in their blind belief that the media is doing its job .
I learned this week that even your fellow phony progressive Gloria Steinem was funded by the CIA from her earliest days , and it would seem she remains unrepentant .
Who 'da thunk it from the Smith College - educated lefty ?
[ link ]
But so goes the divide and conquer imperative .
Own ( or create ) both sides of any story and set one side against the other , at least in appearance , and so via this modern - day bread - and - circuses game of deception , keep the masses under heel .
One final fundamental which would empower your faithful followers if they were to do their own research :
The same high - finance internationalists who give us the sort of " philanthropic " foundations which fund Democracy Now ! , Pacifica Radio and a host of other gatekeeper - of - the - left media outlets are , in the time - honored tradition , carrying out yet another ( cf. , 1929 ) " pump and dump " of the stock market -- brought about via the classic boom - bust business cycle deliberately cast by bankers and their Federal Reserve -- to loot the people .
In closing , here 's ( in Bill Moyers ' words ) " the unelected if indisputable chairman of the American Establishment " and " one of the most powerful , influential and richest men in America " who " sits at the hub of a vast network of financiers , industrialists and politicians whose reach encircles the globe " , thanking servile " journalists " like yourself :
We are grateful to the Washington Post , The New York Times , Time Magazine and other great publications whose directors have attended our meetings and respected their promises of discretion for almost forty years .
It would have been impossible for us to develop our plan for the world if we had been subjected to the lights of publicity during those years .
But , the world is now more sophisticated and prepared to march towards a world government .
The supranational sovereignty of an intellectual elite and world bankers is surely preferable to the national auto - determination practiced in past centuries .
~~~ David Rockefeller , Baden - Baden , Germany , 1991
Given the reach of Democracy Now !'s programming into the hearts and minds of millions of well - meaning Americans who think they 're getting the real deal from you , and which of course makes your programming all the more insidious in its effect , there 's little doubt that David Rockefeller must be oh - so - pleased to have you in hand as well , as he and his Council on Foreign Relations , Trilateral Commission and Bilderberg cohorts conspire to fulfil their vision of a one - world fascist tyranny by way of which they intend to lock in their power and profits by locking out democracy , national sovereignty and the world 's people , including , yes , we the people of the United States of America .
[ link ]
For this cabal 's loyalty lies beyond nationhood and patriotism , the latter being expedient in its pettiest form , however , as a means to keep the masses at their beck and call .
Their loyalty lies , instead , in direct contraposition to the American dream and a world free from an elite cadre of power - and profit - obsessed tyrants .
Where , Amy , does your loyalty lie ?
Sean M. Madden
In case you 've never heard of Bilderberg and are doubting its relevancy and importance , here is a partial list of attendees to the 2007 conference last spring ... in alphabetical order :
George Alogoskoufis , Minister of Economy and Finance ( Greece )
Ali Babacan , Minister of Economic Affairs ( Turkey )
Edward Balls , Economic Secretary to the Treasury ( UK )
Francisco Pinto Balsemão , Chairman and CEO , IMPRESA , S.G.P.S. ; Former Prime Minister ( Portugal )
José M. Durão Barroso , President , European Commission ( Portugal / International )
Franco Bernabé , Vice Chairman , Rothschild Europe ( Italy )
Nicolas Beytout , Editor - in - Chief , Le Figaro ( France )
Carl Bildt , Former Prime Minister ( Sweden )
Hubert Burda , Publisher and CEO , Hubert Burda Media Holding ( Belgium )
Philippe Camus , CEO , EADS ( France )
Henri de Castries , Chairman of the Management Board and CEO , AXA ( France )
Juan Luis Cebrian , Grupo PRISA media group ( Spain )
Kenneth Clark , Member of Parliament ( UK )
Timothy C. Collins , Senior Managing Director and CEO , Ripplewood Holdings , LLC ( USA )
Bertrand Collomb , Chairman , Lafarge ( France )
George A. David , Chairman , Coca - Cola H.B.C. S.A. ( USA )
Kemal Dervis , Administrator , UNDP ( Turkey )
Anders Eldrup , President , DONG A/S ( Denmark )
John Elkann , Vice Chairman , Fiat S.p.A ( Italy )
Martin S. Feldstein , President and CEO , National Bureau of Economic Research ( USA )
Timothy F. Geithner , President and CEO , Federal Reserve Bank of New York ( USA )
Paul A. Gigot , Editor of the Editorial Page , The Wall Street Journal ( USA )
Dermot Gleeson , Chairman , AIB Group ( Ireland )
Donald E. Graham , Chairman and CEO , The Washington Post Company ( USA )
Victor Halberstadt , Professor of Economics , Leiden University ; Former Honorary Secretary General of Bilderberg Meetings ( the Netherlands ) Jean - Pierre Hansen , CEO , Suez - Tractebel S.A. ( Belgium )
Richard N. Haass , President , Council on Foreign Relations ( USA )
Richard C. Holbrooke , Vice Chairman , Perseus , LLC ( USA )
Jaap G. Hoop de Scheffer , Secretary General , NATO ( the Netherlands / International )
Allan B. Hubbard , Assistant to the President for Economic Policy , Director National Economic Council ( USA )
Josef Joffe , Publisher - Editor , Die Zeit ( Germany )
James A. Johnson , Vice Chairman , Perseus , LLC ( USA )
Vernon E. Jordan , Jr. , Senior Managing Director , Lazard Frères & Co. LLC ( USA )
Anatole Kaletsky , Editor at Large , The Times ( UK )
John Kerr of Kinlochard , Deputy Chairman , Royal Dutch Shell plc ( the Netherlands )
Henry A. Kissinger , Chairman , Kissinger Associates ( USA )
Mustafa V. Koç , Chairman , Koç Holding A.S. ( Turkey )
Fehmi Koru , Senior Writer , Yeni Safek ( Turkey )
Bernard Kouchner , Minister of Foreign Affairs ( France )
Henry R. Kravis , Founding Partner , Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. ( USA )
Marie - Josée Kravis , Senior Fellow , Hudson Institute , Inc. ( USA )
Neelie Kroes , Commissioner , European Commission ( the Netherlands / International )
Ed Kronenburg , Director of the Private Office , NATO Headquarters ( International )
William J. Luti , Special Assistant to the President for Defense Policy and Strategy , National Security Council ( USA )
Jessica T. Mathews , President , Carnegie Endowment for International Peace ( USA )
Frank McKenna , Ambassador to the US , member Carlyle Group ( Canada )
Thierry de Montbrial , President , French Institute for International Relations ( France )
Mario Monti , President , Universita Commerciale Luigi Bocconi ( Italy )
Craig J. Mundie , Chief Technical Officer Advanced Strategies and Policy , Microsoft Corporation ( USA )
Egil Myklebust , Chairman of the Board of Directors SAS , Norsk Hydro ASA ( Norway )
Matthias Nass , Deputy Editor , Die Zeit ( Germany )
Adnrzej Olechowski , Leader Civic Platform ( Poland )
Jorma Ollila , Chairman , Royal Dutch Shell plc / Nokia ( Finland )
George Osborne , Shadow Chancellor of the Exchequer ( UK )
Tommaso Padoa - Schioppa , Minister of Finance ( Italy )
Richard N. Perle , Resident Fellow , American Enterprise Institute for Public Policy Research ( USA )
Heather Reisman , Chair and CEO , Indigo Books & Music Inc. ( Canada )
David Rockefeller ( USA )
Matías Rodriguez Inciarte , Executive Vice Chairman , Grupo Santander Bank , ( Spain )
Dennis B. Ross , Director , Washington Institute for Near East Policy ( USA )
Otto Schily , Former Minister of Interior Affairs ; Member of Parliament ; Member of the Committee on Foreign Affairs ( Germany )
Jürgen E. Schrempp , Former Chairman of the Board of Management , DaimlerChrysler AG ( Germany )
Tøger Seidenfaden , Executive Editor - in - Chief , Politiken ( Denmark )
Peter D. Sutherland , Chairman , BP plc and Chairman , Goldman Sachs International ( Ireland )
Giulio Tremonti , Vice President of the Chamber of Deputies ( Italy )
Jean - Claude Trichet , Governor , European Central Bank ( France / International )
John Vinocur , Senior Correspondent , International Herald Tribune ( USA )
Jacob Wallenberg , Chairman , Investor AB ( Sweden )
Martin H. Wolf , Associate Editor and Economics Commentator , The Financial Times ( UK )
James D. Wolfensohn , Special Envoy for the Gaza Disengagement ( USA )
Adrian D. Wooldridge , Foreign Correspondent , The Economist
Robert B. Zoellick , Deputy Secretary of State ( USA )
Klaus Zumwinkel , Chairman of the Board of Management , Deutsche Post AG ( USA )
[ link ]
CNN ’s politics page has a big feature story headlined “ Fellow Legislator Saw Little ‘ Bold ’ About Obama ” with a introspective , solemn pic of Obama .
Then you read the story .
And the colleague is a guy named Dan Cronin , a Republican .
Should n’t they have spoken to one of the Republicans who now has positive things to say about Obama ?
Oh , wait …
Late Update : Turns out Cronin is actually a member of McCain ’s Illinois leadership team .
( Good catch by TPM Reader TK )
At this point , this amounts to CNN being spoofed .
Correction or some explanation is in order , guys .
Accoding to
BLS data
on unemployment rates by age , it looks like almost all of the .50 % increase in May unemployment to 5.5 % from 5 % in April was due to increases in the jobless rates for young workers in the 16 - 24 year age group , especially the 16 - 19 year group ( see chart above ) .
For workers 25 years and over , the jobless rate has remained pretty stable at around 4 % , compared to large increases from April for 16 - 19 year workers ( +3.3 % to 18.7 % , the highest rate since 1993 ) and 20 - 24 year olds ( +1.5 % ) .
From the
Patterico's Pontifications blog
: Who does this age group represent ?
How about high school and college students coming into the job market for the summer .
And what do many such job seekers get paid ?
Minimum wage –which Congress increased last year from $ 5.15 to $ 5.85 , and which will increase again next month to $ 6.55 , and then again next year to $ 7.25 ( see chart below ) .
Although it apparently has n't received much media attention , perhaps there is a link between the rising unemployment rate for teenagers and the pending 12 % increase in the minimum wage next month .
Since we have evidence that consumers respond to higher gas prices by driving less , would n't it also be the case that employers of unskilled workers would respond to 12 % increases in wages for unskilled workers by hiring fewer unskilled workers ?
Apart from the high fives , bravado , and binge alcoholism .
There are no independent psychiatric researchers .
Young academics are mentored by older academics ; this is n't optional , for either person .
In virtually no circumstance do they study something entirely of their own choosing , it is either an outgrowth of the mentors ' research , or is the mentors ' research .
Young academics almost never work outside of the university .
Theirs is all selection bias .
The only patients they see are the ones the university gives them : either Medicaid / indigent on the inpatient unit , or patients of the disposition to want to be involved in clinical trials .
Academics are like government economists : " we have n't had two consecutive quarters of declining GDP , so we 're not in a recession . "
Regular psychiatrists are the management at Wal Mart : " I 'm not sure what this is called , but no one is buying anything .
" Academic psychiatrists are nearly all on the same page , and refer to one another as if they have a relationship , even when they 've never met .
( " Chuck Nemeroff is doing some good work on ... " )
It 's pointless to list the other characteristics of groupthink here , except to highlight one :
They do n't realize that their lives are devoted to preserving the group , yet young researchers are brought on who connect with the group ; peer reviewers -- and journal editors -- come from the group ; grant reviewers , and NIMH people themselves came from , and support the group .
An example of groupthink preservation is the referencing of studies .
Academics support their propositions with previous studies ; however , no one checks the accuracy of these studies .
No one has the time , and the group necessarily must trust the work of others in the group .
Even if an error were to be found , it would be described as an isolated error .
A cursory stroll through this site alone suggests just how " isolated " such errors really are .
Medicine is a market .
Buyers and sellers .
Academics make a salary , but their survival at university depends on the grants they can bring in .
That means their market , their customers , are funding agencies , not patients .
It does n't mean they do n't care about patients , it means that the service they provide is nuanced and directed towards Pharma or the NIH .
If the funding agencies are stacked with people who like antiepileptics for bipolar ; if the grant goes to Pfizer who is looking to create a bipolar indication , etc , etc , that 's the research that can be expected .
I 'm not even worried that the results will be ... predestined .
I 'm worried that such pressures direct what kind of research , what kind of questions get asked , We 're busy talking about bias and hidden results and skewed statistics and nonsense .
So we call for more studies , as if they will somehow be better studies , despite no other structural changes being made .
The reality is that we have information inflation : new studies have less value because they get lost ; and old studies completely disappear , as if somehow their validity is temporal .
There are a quadrillion studies already conducted in psychiatry .
There is plenty of data that can be analyzed , meta - analyzed , pooled , parsed .
If all current research ground to an immediate halt , and researchers just looked back at what we already have , we would save billions of dollars in future research and future bad treatments , and we would learn so much .
You might think in a field with nothing but outcome studies ( e.g. Prozac vs. placebo ) I might not be able to make this claim , but I do .
Most studies are short term .
The few long term studies that exist ( e.g. Depakote for maintenance ) are either equivocal ( e.g. Depakote for maintenance ) or show no efficacy ( e.g. Depakote for maintenance . )
And they are ignored .
But these outcomes are distractions .
The question is n't is Depakote good for maintenance bipolar .
The question is , is there any value to theof bipolar ?
In other words , if you called it anxiety , or personality disorder , or anything else , and then treated them ad lib , would the outcome be different ?
Is there value to the DSM ?
You might argue the diagnosis leads us to the treatment , but in most cases , meds are used across all diagnoses , and more often than not a diagnosis is created to justify the medication .
Are hospitals valuable ?
You would think that by now we'd have a clear answer to this , the most expensive of maneuvers .
I can say , however , that reducing the length of stay from several months to 5 - 7 days has not affected the suicide rate .
I 'm not saying they are or are not valuable , I am saying that I do n't know -- and that 's the problem .
It is 2008 and there are more studies on restless leg syndrome then there are on hospital vs. placebo .
You know why ?
See above .
Are one hour sessions associated with better outcomes than 2 minute med checks ?
I know 2 minute med checks sound bad , what I want to know is if they arebad .
Higher suicide rates ?
More days absent from work ?
More divorce ?
More sadness ?
The system is completely ad hoc , with each party yelling loudly to protect their fiefdom .
It allows everyone to declare themselves an expert without having to prove it .
Tell a Depakote academic you 're suspicious about the utility of the drug , and he wo n't tell you you 're wrong , he will tell you you do n 't Try it .
He will evade the existing data ( " not enough people , " " studies are difficult to conduct , " " we know from clinical experience , " " more work is needed " ) and rely on appeal to authority .
Appeal to authority is the signal you 're being bullshitted .
Outcomes research will never be conducted in psychiatry because its existence depends on not knowing the answers .
It will eventually be conductedpsychiatry .
You can't tell you 're an idiot , someone has to tell you .
In 2006 there were only 350 elephants in Virunga National Park Fourteen rare elephants in the Democratic Republic of Congo's Virunga National Park have been killed since mid-April , a conservation group says .
A 2006 survey showed there were only 350 elephants in the war - ravaged park , a Unesco World Heritage Site .
" We 've been taken by surprise by the intensity of the killings , " Emmanuel de Merode of WildlifeDirect told the BBC .
He said that he feared it may be linked to South Africa 's decision to lift a 13 - year moratorium on elephant culling .
Dangerous " All 14 were killed by automatic rifle ; they were cut up for their meat and with the exception of the final one , their ivory was taken away , " Mr Merode told the BBC's Network Africa programme .
With the reopening of a legal ivory trade - illegal ivory can very easily be sold on the market
WildlifeDirect 's Emmanuel de Merode
Four poachers were caught after the last incident by a joint patrol of Congolese military and park rangers , he said .
" We believe it may be linked to factors outside Congo that relate to the reopening of the ivory trade . "
South Africa 's government halted the killing of elephants in 1995 but since then numbers have more than doubled and it now needs to control the numbers .
But Mr Merode said that South Africa could now also trade its ivory .
" Unfortunately this has huge impact on rest of Africa , with the reopening of a legal ivory trade - illegal ivory can very easily be sold on the market , " he said .
A five - year conflict in DR Congo officially ended in 2003 , but several militia groups still operate in the park , which stretches 8,000 sq km along DR Congo 's border with Rwanda and Uganda .
Since 1996 , 120 rangers have been killed trying to protect the park 's wildlife .
Last year , rebels killed five rare mountain gorillas in the park .
Congolese conservationists estimate there was population of 70,000 elephants before the war .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Site of the day - PickyDomains.com , world 's first risk free naming agency
NEW YORK - A Russian circus performer and his son are alleging in a lawsuit that their ex-managers stole methods for teaching felines to perform .
Yuri Kuklachev and his son , Dmitri , accuse father - and - son Mark and Yanis Gelfman of applying for a trademark for methods they stole to create a cat circus in New York City .
The lawsuit was filed in a Brooklyn court , the Daily News reported Monday .
Kuklachev 's attorney , Gary Tsirelman , says the Gelfmans are ``trying to steal '' his client 's identity .
A spokesman for the Gelfmans , James Woods , says the lawsuit should be tossed .
He says the Moscow Cats Theater , which features felines performing acrobatic tricks , was created by the Gelfmans .
[ Via - Sun Sentinel ]
10 Best Books About Human Irrationality
Fart Gene Isolated .
Now ,
That 's A Breakthough !
Mariage Annulled , After Bride Turns Out To Be Not A Virgin .
New Site Combines Sex And Intellect
Quite Possibly , The Most Unorthodox Piece Of Advice Ever Given To The American Youths .
One woman has died and another is in emergency care in a Timmins hospital after an illness broke out aboard a Toronto - bound VIA train in northern Ontario this morning .
At a 4 p.m. news conference , Dr. Williams , said the woman 's death was " not related " to the symptoms felt by the other passengers .
Their illnesses were minor , Dr. Williams said , while the cause of the woman 's death is still to be determined .
Five other people , believed to be part of the same seven - member tour group , have reported flu - like symptoms , but are being treated on the train , which is quarantined in Foyelet , a small town northwest of Sudbury .
Kali Garneau , communications co-ordinator for Timmins & District Hospital , said one person was taken by air ambulance to the hospital at 11 a.m .
" We only received one person , " Garneau said .
That patient , a female , is in stable condition and is in quarantine , Garneau said .
Garneau did not know if that person was related to the person who died .
There is no other hospital in the area .
The woman who died was 60 and a member of a group of seven travellers .
Her name was not immediately released .
All the people who became ill boarded the same two cars in Jasper , Alta .
The train , which was due to arrive in Toronto at 8 p.m. today , started its journey on Tuesday afternoon in Vancouver .
VIA Rail said it has set up a toll - free number that can be called for family members who may be on that train .
That number is 1-877-747-0707 .
" VIA continues to be in contact with appropriate health and transportation authorities to ensure the safety and comfort of all passengers and crew on board , " the VIA statement said .
At the outset , police were investigating to see if there is " any criminal element " to the situation , Sgt. Laura Nichols said .
Emergency personnel with full protective gear went car to car to examine the passengers , assisted by a doctor who was aboard the train .
Foleyet resident Judy Bromley , who could see the train from the front window of her home , said she saw ambulance workers outside her home preparing to enter the train .
" They stopped outside , put on white suits and masks , then got back in and left . "
Police blocked the entrance to the local CN yard at Young St. and Railway Ave .
Dr. Donald Low , the medical director of Ontario 's public health lab , said he does n't believe an exotic disease such as SARS or avian flu is responsible .
" It does n't fit the profile because of the explosive nature of this event , " said Low , who helped co-ordinate efforts to contain Toronto 's SARS outbreak .
Low said food poisoning is n't likely either because it " usually does n't kill you " and that is associated with gastrointestinal problems and diarrhea .
He said early indications suggest that influenza may be the cause .
" You 've got 10 people showing the same symptoms , " he said .
" I think it could be an outbreak of influenza .
This ( death ) is typical of an older person who maybe has an underlying heart disease . "
Both SARS and avian flu take several days to manifest themselves , but the illness that struck the passengers appeared to come on suddenly , he noted .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Low said he will know more when the public health lab in Toronto gets specimens from the health lab in Timmins , likely within the next 24 hours .
Ontario's Ministry of Health has sent two air ambulances with critical care paramedics to the scene from their home base in Sudbury , said ministry spokesperson Laurel Ostfield .
" They 're more highly trained than regular ambulance crews , " she added , noting the ministry is keeping a close watch on the situation and is working with the provincial agency Emergency Management Ontario .
In Ottawa , the Public Health Agency of Canada and Health Canada say they 've both been notified .
" Federal officials are collaborating with provincial and regional counterparts to assess the situation and take action as appropriate , " federal health officials said in a statement this afternoon .
Federal Health Minister Tony Clement has directed officials to work with provincial , regional and local authorities both in Foleyet and at all points along the route the train travelled , the department said .
Chris Woo , front office manager at Decore Hotels in Jasper , said passengers who board or get off in the resort mountain town stay in different places .
" They do n't stay as one group but some go on to other places and others continue on to Toronto , " said Woo this morning .
Helen Kelleher - Empey with Jasper Tourism and Chamber of Commerce said passengers who pass through the town of 4,500 via the train arrive from all over Canada and the United States .
" The train picks up people who come up from the States from Amtrak , and drops off people who come form Edmonton and others go on to Saskatchewan , " she said .
" We call ourselves the train hub of the Rockies . "
Toronto resident Karen Maxwade believes her 73 - year - old mother , June , is on the train .
She said she has contacted Via Rail but has mostly been left in the dark .
" I asked if the train originated in Vancouver and they said they could n't tell me that , " Maxwade said .
" Then I asked if they could check if a certain passenger was on the train I was told they could n't give me that information . "
Maxwade said her mother was expected to arrive at 8 p.m. this evening at Union Station , the same time as the quarantined train .
With files from Bruce Campion - Smith , Rob Ferguson , Joseph Hall and Petti Fong
Read more about :
Quantum cryptography has been regarded as 100 - percent protection against attacks on sensitive data traffic .
But now a research team at Linköping University in Sweden has found a hole in this advanced technology .
The risk of illegal accessing of information , for example in money transactions , is necessitating more and more advanced cryptographic techniques .
When you send an encrypted message via the computer network , one of the most difficult problems to solve is how the key should be transmitted .
One way is to send it by courier ( either by regular mail or , as in spy movies , a person with a briefcase attached to his wrist ) .
Another way is a " public key , " which is used for online banking and security functions in Web browsers ( https : / / ) .
A courier must of course be reliable , otherwise there is a risk that the key will be secretly copied on the way .
A public key is regarded as secure , since enormous calculations are required to break the long strings of data bits - some 2,000 - that make up the key .
But a new technology called quantum cryptography is supposed to be absolutely secure .
Thus far , however , very few people have made use of it .
It requires special hardware , for example with a type of laser that emits polarized light particles ( photons ) via optic fiber or through the air .
Some companies and banks in Austria are testing the system , and trials are underway with satellite - TV transmission .
The security is guaranteed by the laws of quantum mechanics .
Quantum - mechanical objects have the peculiar property that they cannot be measured upon or manipulated without being disturbed .
If somebody tries to copy a quantum - cryptographic key in transit , this will be noticeable as extra noise .
An eavesdropper can cause problems , but not extract usable information .
But Jan-Åke Larsson , associate professor of applied mathematics at Linköping University , working with his student Jörgen Cederlöf , has shown that not even quantum cryptography is 100 - percent secure .
There is a theoretical possibility that an unauthorized person can extract the key without being discovered , by simultaneously manipulating both the quantum - mechanical and the regular communication needed in quantum cryptography .
" The concern involves authentication , intended to secure that the message arriving is the same as the one that was sent .
We have scrutinized the system as a whole and found that authentication does not work as intended .
The security of the current technology is not sufficient , " says Jan -Åke Larsson .
In the article , published in the journal IEEE Transactions on Information Theory , the authors propose a change that solves the problem .
" We were n't expecting to find a problem in quantum cryptography , of course , but it is a really complicated system .
With our alteration , quantum cryptography will be a secure technology , " says Jan -Åke Larsson .
District of Columbia v. Heller : What ’s Next ?
In District of Columbia v. Heller , the final opinion of the Supreme Court ’s 2007 - 08 term , Justice Antonin Scalia re-wrote Second Amendment jurisprudence .
With a 5 - 4 majority , Scalia held unequivocally for Mr. Heller on two central questions : First , the Second Amendment protects an individual right to possess a firearm , unconnected with militia service , and to use it in the home for self - defense .
Second , all three of the D.C. laws that Heller challenged are unconstitutional : ( a ) the outright ban on handguns acquired after 1976 , ( b ) the ban on carrying pre-1976 handguns from room to room without a permit , which cannot be obtained , and ( c ) the requirement that rifles and shotguns in the home must be unloaded and either disassembled or trigger - locked .
Much of the majority opinion and the dissent by Justice John Paul Stevens focused on contrasting interpretations of constitutional text , structure , and history .
Without revisiting those arguments , about which volumes have been written , I ’d like to comment briefly on four issues that received less attention in the opinions , but which have significant implications for the future .
( 1 ) What gun regulations will now be permissible ?
( 2 ) Will the Second Amendment be “ incorporated ” so that it can be invoked against state and local governments ?
( 3 ) Did a purportedly conservative Supreme Court engage in judicial activism ?
And ( 4 ) what happens next on the political front ?
What Gun Regulations Will Now Be Permissible ?
Justice Scalia accepted that the Second Amendment , like the First , is not absolute .
He noted , for example , that concealed carry prohibitions had been upheld , although he stopped short of stating that all such prohibitions would be sustained under Heller ’s reinvigorated Second Amendment .
Ditto for the constitutionality of licensing requirements , which Mr. Heller had not challenged .
Scalia went even further in stating that the Court did not “ cast doubt on longstanding prohibitions on the possession of firearms by felons and the mentally ill , or laws forbidding the carrying of firearms in sensitive places such as schools and government buildings , or laws imposing conditions and qualifications on the commercial sale of arms . ”
He added that he could also find “ support in the historical tradition of prohibiting the carrying of dangerous and unusual weapons . ”
It ’s likely , therefore , that Heller was well advised not to antagonize the centrist (s ) on the Court by demanding de-regulation of weapons like machine guns .
Heller ’s success was due in part to the moderate , incremental relief that he sought .
Subsequent cases will have to resolve what weapons and persons can be regulated and what restrictions are permissible .
Those questions will depend , in large measure , on the standard of review that the Court chooses to apply — an issue not resolved in Heller , despite considerable attention to that subject in various amicus briefs , including one from Solicitor General Paul Clement for the Justice Department .
Clement suggested that the Court apply a form of “ heightened ” scrutiny in reviewing gun regulations .
Specifically , he advised the Court to consider “ the practical impact of the challenged restriction on the plaintiff ’s ability to possess firearms for lawful purposes ( which depends in turn on the nature and functional adequacy of available alternatives ) . ”
Although Clement acknowledged that the D.C. gun ban “ may well fail such scrutiny , ” he professed concern that the appellate court had mistakenly applied a different “ per se ” test , which would preclude “ any ban on a category of ‘ Arms ’ that can be traced back to the Founding era . ”
Heller responded that the D.C. gun ban is unconstitutional no matter what standard of review the Supreme Court were to apply .
Accordingly , the Court did not have to address the standard - of - review question .
On the other hand , if the Court decided to tackle that issue , then Heller urged that “ strict , ” not heightened , scrutiny be the standard .
To justify a gun control regulation under strict scrutiny , government would have to demonstrate a compelling need for the law , and then show that any restrictions were narrowly tailored — no more invasive than necessary to achieve the government ’s objectives .
Traditionally , the Court has strictly scrutinized all government regulations that infringe on a “ fundamental ” right — one that is “ implicit in the concept of ordered liberty ” or “ deeply rooted in the Nation ’s history and traditions . ”
Virtually all of the Bill of Rights qualify , and the right to keep and bear arms — indisputably fundamental — is no exception .
Ultimately , the Court agreed with Heller that D.C. ’s ban on all functional firearms in the home is unconstitutional “ under any of the standards of scrutiny the Court has applied to enumerated constitutional rights . ”
But the Court did not choose a specific standard , and may hereafter apply something less than the strict scrutiny standard Heller had suggested .
On the other hand , the Court categorically rejected “ rational basis ” scrutiny , which has been a rubber - stamp for virtually all legislative enactments .
And the Court also rejected Justice Stephen Breyer ’s “ interest - balancing ” test , which is no more than a repeat of the process that legislatures undertake in crafting regulations .
Something higher is demanded , said Scalia , when an express constitutional right is at issue .
At a minimum , it appears that the Court will adopt some version of intermediate or heightened scrutiny , as urged by the Justice Department .
Will the Second Amendment Be “ Incorporated ” ?
Imminently , the Court will have to decide whether Second Amendment rights can be enforced against state governments .
Washington , D.C. is not a state ; it is a federal enclave within which Congress exercises plenary legislative power .
Until 1868 , when the Fourteenth Amendment was ratified , the Bill of Rights applied only to the federal government , not to states or to municipalities legislating under delegated state authority .
But in a series of post - Civil - War cases , the Supreme Court held that the Fourteenth Amendment was intended to “ incorporate ” most of the Bill of Rights in order to hold state governments accountable for violations .
Interestingly , the Court has never ruled that the Second Amendment has been incorporated .
If gun control regulations are to be challenged in places such as Chicago and San Francisco , that question must be answered .
In contemplating incorporation of the Second Amendment , the Court might also reexamine the means by which incorporation of other rights has been effected .
One choice , rebuffed by the Court , would have been to use the Privileges or Immunities Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment ( “ No State shall make or enforce any law which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens ” ) .
That Clause , some argue , was intended by the Framers to secure natural rights of property and liberty against state transgressions .
But it was stripped of any meaningful substance in the infamous Slaughter - House Cases ( 1873 ) , in which the Court concluded that privileges or immunities were those of national citizenship — rights that would not have existed but for the existence of the federal government — such as access to seaports , navigable waters , the seat of government , and the federal courts .
After Slaughter - House , the Court enforced substantive rights against the states through two other clauses of the Fourteenth Amendment : Equal Protection and Due Process .
Both clauses apply to “ any person , ” whereas the Privileges or Immunities Clause applies to “ citizens . ”
Further , the Equal Protection Clause does not , by its terms , mandate specific rights .
Instead , it requires only that the laws be equally applied to all persons .
And the Due Process Clause , as its name implies , is better adapted to enforcing procedural rather than substantive rights .
Yet it has been misused to establish an array of substantive rights nowhere grounded in the Bill of Rights , our common law heritage , or natural law tradition .
At the same time , economic liberties — such as those related to contract , property , and the right to pursue an honest living without unreasonable government interference — have been given short shrift under the evolving doctrine of substantive due process .
Justice Scalia and his conservative allies might be open to revisiting substantive due process and the Privileges or Immunities Clause .
Indeed , he devoted 8 pages of his 64 - page opinion to analyzing post - Civil War legislation and commentators , even as he conceded that discussions taking place 75 years after ratification of the Second Amendment “ do not provide as much insight into its original meaning as earlier sources . ”
Nonetheless , by affirming a post - Civil War understanding that the Second Amendment and related civil rights statutes gave freed blacks the right to keep and bear arms for self - defense , Scalia intimates that the amendment has been incorporated .
Officially , however , he states that incorporation is “ a question not presented by this case . ”
That said , the Court will definitely have an opportunity to rule on incorporation as Second Amendment challenges in Chicago , San Francisco , and elsewhere percolate through the federal system .
In United States v. Cruikshank ( 1875 ) and Presser v. Illinois ( 1886 ) , the Court stated squarely that the Second Amendment is a limitation on the power of Congress , not state and local legislative bodies .
Yet both of those cases arose prior to the Court ’s incorporation doctrine , which took form beginning in 1897 .
As Scalia put it , Cruikshank “ did not engage in the sort of Fourteenth Amendment inquiry required by our later cases . ”
In fact , Cruikshank also held that the First Amendment did not apply against the states — a notion that is obviously antiquated .
It may be , as Ninth Circuit appellate judge Stephen Reinhardt has written , that Cruikshank and Presser “ are now thoroughly discredited . ”
Even so , stated the Second Circuit in Bach v. Pataki ( 2005 ) , Presser still controls ; if it is no longer good law , the Supreme Court , not the lower courts , must reverse .
Until then , federal courts in Illinois and California will be constrained by Presser .
That means Second Amendment challenges will almost certainly be rejected until the Supremes consider incorporation .
In the end , the Second Amendment — a fundamental right , expressly enumerated , “ implicit in the concept of ordered liberty , ” and “ deeply rooted in the Nation ’s history and traditions ” — will no doubt be incorporated .
Perhaps the more interesting question is whether the vehicle for incorporation will continue to be the Due Process Clause , or will the Court side with Harvard Professor Laurence Tribe , who wrote in his treatise on American Constitutional Law that Second Amendment rights “ may well … be among the privileges or immunities of United States citizens protected by § 1 of the Fourteenth Amendment against state or local government action . ”
Did a Purportedly Conservative Supreme Court Engage in Judicial Activism ?
I turn next to two issues that arise in context of the Heller opinion , but transcend the Second Amendment : first , judicial activism versus restraint ; second , implications for the political branches .
In dissent , Justice John Paul Stevens quarreled primarily with Justice Scalia ’s interpretation of historical events ; but Stevens also implied that Scalia had abandoned true judicial conservatism by dragging the Court into the “ political thicket ” of gun control .
“ Judicial restraint would be far wiser , ” wrote Stevens , than mediating a political process that is “ working exactly as it should . ”
That ’s quite an astonishing statement coming from Justice Stevens — the same Justice who had no such reservations just one day earlier when he voted to invalidate Louisiana ’s death penalty for child rape and substitute an outright ban on capital punishment for any crime that is n’t fatal to its victim .
Demands for judicial restraint by the Court come more often from the political right .
As I have written elsewhere ( in a recent book co-authored with William Mellor ) : Some conservatives , reacting to the perceived excesses of the Warren Court and the ability of liberal interest groups to advance their agendas through the courts , insist that courts indiscriminately defer to the decisions of Congress and state legislatures .
Yet blanket judicial deference effectively removes the courts from the meticulously crafted system of checks and balances that was designed by the Framers to prevent abuse of power .
Over the years , the result of judicial abdication has been to expand government , at all levels , at the expense of individual rights .
When the legislative or executive branch exceeds its legitimate enumerated powers , the courts have the authority , indeed the duty , to declare that exercise of power unconstitutional .
Deference in the face of excesses by the political branches , coupled with an allegiance to precedent , means that conservatives are rarely willing to overrule prior cases , leaving entrenched the very foundations of the regulatory and redistributive states they rail against .
In practice , judicial restraint has mutated into judicial passivism , with a predictable result : more government power and fewer constitutionally protected individual rights .
Both liberals and conservatives take comfort in their often unfounded belief that legislatures will respond to the will of the public and make informed policy decisions that can be changed as public sentiment dictates .
Though appealing in principle , that trust in the democratic process ignores the realities of governmental institutions .
Through gerrymandering and other means , elected representatives are increasingly insulated from their constituents .
Meanwhile , many policies are set and enforced by unelected , unaccountable agencies and commissions .
What ’s more , politically powerful special interests concentrate their resources to glean benefits from government — transferring the burden to other taxpayers , who do not perceive the cumulative cost of multiple schemes , each of which has a seemingly inconsequential price tag .
Are we to conclude , therefore , that judicial activism — that is , the type of judicial intervention routinely condemned by liberals and conservatives alike — is actually a good thing ?
Yes , if activism means engagement — applying the law and the Constitution to scrutinize the acts of the executive and legislative branches .
Judges have a responsibility to invalidate all laws that do not conform to the Constitution .
Courts would be derelict if they endorsed unconstitutional acts merely because our elected representatives passed them .
In that respect , overturning the D.C. gun ban was a clear example of principled judicial engagement .
But if activism means rendering legal judgments based on the judge ’s public policy preferences , it should be roundly condemned .
Results - oriented jurisprudence , based on subjective value judgments , may be proper for a legislator , but not for a judge .
His role is to apply the law , not impose his policy preferences .
The trick , of course , is to distinguish proper from improper judicial intervention .
That task is complicated by laws that are often unclear — either because the legislature has not done its job , or has intentionally left gaps for the courts to fill ; or because the meaning of the law depends on the meaning of the Constitution , which can also be unclear .
Members of the Court must , therefore , have a theory of the Constitution — in particular , a respect for limited government and individual rights .
Those were the principles that the Framers applied in crafting the Constitution .
The Heller opinion , true to that framework , upheld a right based solidly on the text , purpose , structure , and history of our founding documents .
What Happens Next on the Political Front ?
Even as more litigation unfolds , courts are not the only venue for action in the wake of Heller .
Congress also has a role to play in enabling D.C. residents to obtain a handgun for home possession .
Because of the 1976 ban , there are no stores within the city where a handgun can be obtained .
And federal law effectively forecloses handgun purchases by out - of - state residents .
Therefore , someone who lives in D.C. cannot acquire a handgun either inside or outside the city .
That ’s a problem that Congress can address :
Allow interstate handgun purchases as long as they follow the law in both the buyer ’s state and the seller ’s state .
Further , Congress should enact legislation to alter how D.C. processes gun registrations .
Currently , the city does not follow the national instant criminal check system , or NICS .
Would - be registrants have to jump through extra hoops : multiple pictures , fingerprints , and on and on .
The process can take months .
Congress should require D.C. officials to accept the NICS system followed by 49 of 50 states .
Near - term , the D.C. city council will have to alter the city ’s gun control regime to comply with the Court ’s directions .
Until now , the D.C. government has taken the position , as expressed in the city ’s court filings , that “ Practical considerations , not arcane legal theories and historical excursions , should determine the … constitutionality of statutes like those at issue here . ”
Thankfully , the Supreme Court has reminded city officials that the Constitution is more than a guidebook to be cast aside whenever it is inconvenient .
If the city attempts to circumvent the Court ’s opinion , then Congress , under Article I , section 8 , of the Constitution can and should exercise its plenary power over all legislative matters in the nation ’s capital .
Home rule , arising out of authority delegated by Congress to the D.C. government , is not a license to violate the Constitution .
There are , of course , national political implications as well .
One of the two presidential candidates seems to appreciate the importance of gun owners ’ rights .
The other candidate appears less supportive .
In his May 16 speech to the National Rifle Association , Sen. John McCain ( R - AZ ) claimed solid Second Amendment credentials , despite occasional disagreements with the NRA .
Although he reaffirmed support for background checks and closing the “ gun show loophole ” — both of which are anathema to more fervent advocates of gun owners ’ rights — McCain proudly noted , “ For more than two decades , I ’ve opposed efforts to ban guns , ban ammunition , [ and ] ban magazines . ”
Moreover , McCain signed a friend - of - the - court brief submitted on Heller ’s behalf by a majority of both houses of Congress .
Sen. Barack Obama ( D - IL ) did not sign the brief .
In fact , he reportedly stated , prior to issuance of the Heller opinion , that he backs the D.C. gun ban and opposes all laws allowing concealed carry .
According to a 1996 statement , not subsequently repudiated , Obama would also ban the manufacture , sale , and possession of handguns .
And more recently , he has accused Americans of clinging to their guns because they are bitter about the economy .
Only recently , post - Heller , has Obama expressed somewhat tentative support for the Supreme Court ’s interpretation of the Second Amendment .
Those contrasting positions are revealing .
Voters now have an opportunity to assess both candidates ’ positions and determine whether , as president , they would put the weight of the federal government behind measures that build on the Supreme Court ’s decision in Heller — securing the right to keep and bear arms for self defense .
—
Robert A. Levy is senior fellow in constitutional studies at the Cato Institute , co-counsel to Mr. Heller , and co-author of The Dirty Dozen : How Twelve Supreme Court Cases Radically Expanded Government and Eroded Freedom ( Penguin / Sentinel , May 2008 ) .
If you watch popular shows like “ Undress the Nation ” or Gok Wan ’s “ How to Look Good Naked ” - what , you do n't watch them ?
That 's because that guy behind American Idol has n't brought them here yet , and in these times of strife we need shows about women in underwear - but if you live in England and watch them you may have noticed something a researcher also noticed ; when women wear the right underwear , they are more confident about their bodies and about their overall appearance which , to men , is the same thing .
Who knew underwear was so important ?
Not me .
All I know is there is ' dating ' underwear - bras and panties match - and then ' dating a long time ' underwear .
You do the math .
But Christiana Tsaousi at the University of Leicester School of Management says it is not so simple .
She says skivvies are a vital component of womanliness because they generate ' sensations and feelings of confidence .' I guess all men like the sound of that .(*) Tsaousi has been studying this for two years .
Her interest in identity and popular culture was the motivator .
I do n't know what that means but if I had known I could get a graduate degree studying women in underwear I would still be in school .
Christiana TsaousiSays she : “ Underwear comprises the most intimate part of our clothing but still has great social importance , since a considerable amount of money is spent by women consumers on their underwear .
Women participating in this research report different experiences regarding how their underwear supports them in the many roles they are called to play out every day .
It can be a silent , routine part of our everyday ‘ body work ’ , serving its purpose of holding in / controlling the body but it can also stimulate different feelings on different occasions .
So a woman ’s knickers , bras , camisoles and so on become a tool of expression and a carrier of feelings about her body and her sexuality .
” Is this a bikini or underwear ?
More research needed .
“ Underwear can make me feel good or bad , ” added Caitlyn , an administrator .
Amen , sister .
Tsaousi is presenting her research June 26th at the Festival of Postgraduate Research .
I had never heard of that before either but it gives postgraduate researchers the chance to discuss their work with the public in a live setting .
Which is a pretty cool idea .
I am betting Tsaousi has the biggest crowd .
There 's no online link to anything she has published but I will ask her for a copy of the presentation she gives at the Festival .
She may not want to , given the light tone of this post .
Some people take their underwear pretty seriously . (*)
All but 2 % of us , anyway .
GTA
Why we can expect cases to keep soaring and who is most at risk : Experts explain 4 charts that sum up COVID - 19 right now in Ontario
Much to the dismay of wacky masochists everywhere , the human brain is wired against self - tickling .
Because the brain controls movement , it knows what your hand is going to do before you do it .
Thus it anticipates the exact force , location , and speed of the tickle and uses that information to desensitize you to your own roving hands .
So why do we have a tickle response anyway ?
Turns out , it 's a defense reaction meant to alert our cave - dwelling ancestors to creepy crawlies that did n't know their place , and the uncontrollable laughing fit that goes along with it is actually a panic response .
Even if you know someone else is about to go for your rib cage , it 's hard to turn the response off because a ) your brain can't anticipate exactly how and where they 'll tickle you and b ) knowing someone is about to tickle you is usually enough to keep those panic receptors open and ready to go .
This explanation originally appeared in the " 25 Most Important Questions in the History of the Universe " issue of mental_floss magazine .
More than five years have passed since the invasion of Iraq , since President Bush stood under the “ Mission Accomplished ” banner on that aircraft carrier .
While these fifth anniversaries got some notice , another did not : the shelling of the Palestine Hotel in Baghdad by a U.S. Army tank on April 8 , 2003 .
The tank attack killed two unembedded journalists , Reuters cameraman Taras Protsyuk and José Couso , a cameraman for the Spanish television network Telecinco .
Couso recorded his own death .
He was filming from the balcony and caught on tape the distant tank as it rotated its turret and fired on the hotel .
A Spanish court has charged three U.S. servicemen with murder , but the U.S. government refuses to hand over the accused soldiers .
The story might have ended there , just another day of violence and death in Iraq , were it not for a young U.S. military intelligence veteran who has just decided to blow the whistle .
Adrienne Kinne is a former Army sergeant who worked in military intelligence for 10 years , from 1994 to 2004 .
Trained in Arabic , she worked in the Army translating intercepted communications .
She told me in an interview this week that she saw a target list that included the Palestine Hotel .
She knew that it housed journalists , since she had intercepted calls from the Palestine Hotel between journalists there and their families and friends back home ( illegally and unconstitutionally , she thought ) .
Said Kinne : “ [ W ]e were listening to journalists who were staying in the Palestine Hotel .
And I remember that , specifically because during the buildup to ‘ shock and awe ’ … we were given a list of potential targets in Baghdad , and the Palestine Hotel was listed .
[ P] utting one and one together , I went to my officer in charge , and I told him that there are journalists staying at this hotel who think they ’re safe , and yet we have this hotel listed as a potential target , and somehow the dots are not being connected here , and should n’t we make an effort to make sure that the right people know the situation ?
And unfortunately , my officer in charge … basically told me that it was not my job to analyze … someone somewhere higher up the chain knew what they were doing . ”
She said the officer in charge was Warrant Officer John Berry .
Kinne ’s account directly contradicts the official line of the U.S. government .
On May 2 , 2003 , Colin Powell , then secretary of state and a former general in the Army , visited Spain .
He said of the Palestine Hotel : “ We knew about the hotel .
We knew that it was a hotel where journalists were located , and others , and it is for that reason it was not attacked during any phase of the aerial campaign . ”
If Powell was telling the truth , then why was the hotel included on the list of targets that Kinne says she read in a secure e-mail ?
Or was he just parsing words by saying it was n’t a target during the “ aerial campaign ” ?
Kinne also revealed that the military was spying on nongovernmental organizations like Doctors Without Borders and the International Red Cross , listening in on these groups — also illegal — and justifying the pretense on the grounds that they might by chance report on a cache of weapons of mass destruction , or their satellite phone might get stolen by terrorists .
She also received and translated a fax from the Iraqi National Congress , the CIA - funded group of Iraqi exiles who were funneling false information about WMDs to the U.S. government in order to bolster the case for war .
The intel was considered high - value and was sent directly to the White House .
Kinne has shown great courage and taken great risks to bring these revelations to light , to blow the whistle .
She follows in the tradition of Daniel Ellsberg , who leaked the Pentagon Papers during the Vietnam War .
Ellsberg has called on government workers to blow the whistle :
“ It ’s a great , great risk to have the amount of secrecy we do have right now that enabled the president to lie us into this war and is heading us toward a war that will be even more disastrous in Iran .
And this is the time for unauthorized disclosures , which are the only kind that are going to tell us the truth about what ’s happening , and they should be done , in my opinion , on a scale that will indeed risk or even ensure that the person doing it will be identified . ”
The brother of José Couso , Javier , has tirelessly pursued justice for his brother , traveling globally to make the story known and pushing the case in the Spanish courts .
Kinne ’s revelations created a stir in Spain , where the jurisdiction of the case against the three U.S. Army members is being challenged .
The video of Kinne ’s disclosures was downloaded and quickly translated for presentation the next day to the court in Madrid .
The Bush White House , we now know , used retired generals with ties to the Pentagon and to military contractors to deceive the U.S. public .
Unembedded journalists in Iraq were a thorn in the side of the Pentagon spin masters .
Might that April 8 attack been a message to them ?
Thanks to former Army Sgt. Adrienne Kinne , we may be closer to finding out .
Amy Goodman is the host of “ Democracy Now ! , ” a daily international TV / radio news hour airing on 650 stations in North America .
Her third book , “ Standing Up to the Madness : Ordinary Heroes in Extraordinary Times , ” was published in April .
© 2008 Amy Goodman
Distributed by King Features Syndicate
LOS ANGELES , California ( CNN ) -- Jorge Fernandez strolls across the used - car parking lot littered with dozens upon dozens of sport utility vehicles the size of small tugboats .
SUVs like these are having a tough time selling with gas prices at all - time highs .
With gas at $ 4 a gallon , many have sat there since last summer .
" The cars are literally just sitting , and it does n't matter how much you sell them for , " Fernandez says of the SUVs and trucks nobody wants anymore .
" It 's amazing .
I 've never seen it this bad -- ever . "
Fernandez , a wholesale auto dealer who has been in the business for more than 20 years , says SUV owners are hit especially hard .
The really large ones with V - 8 engines that can get as little as 12 miles per gallon in the city -- like the Cadillac Escalade , Ford Expedition and Chevy Suburban -- are dropping in value by the thousands .
Watch the sinking value of guzzlers »
The No. 1 reason for the sales slump is soaring gas prices , says Peter Brown , the executive director of Automotive News , the trade newspaper for the North American car industry .
For the first four months of this year , truck and SUV sales are down a collective 24.8 percent .
SUV sales plummeted 32.8 percent while pickups dipped 19.9 percent , he says .
" If gas prices stay where they are at or continue to rise , the body - on frame SUV is an endangered species and the pickup truck as a personal car is an endangered species , " Brown says .
How do owners react when they 're told their once - $ 40,000 - plus vehicles are now worth less than half that ?
" When they find out what you think their truck is worth , they think you 're trying to rip them off or something , " says Fernandez .
" Small cars are gone within a week ; SUVs are sitting here since last summer . "
David Lavi , the owner of a Toyota Tacoma pickup , is feeling that pinch .
He put his truck on the market several weeks ago in hopes of downsizing .
He bought it brand new in 2006 when gas prices were much lower .
" Once I do sell it , I 'm going to get a smaller car -- maybe a Nissan Maxima or something smaller , " he says .
He 's hoping to get $ 23,000 for the fully loaded truck , which is higher than the estimated Kelley Blue Book value of $ 15,000 to $ 19,000 depending on how many amenities it has .
" No one has offered what I want , " he says .
Automakers have noticed this trend to downsize .
Ford announced Thursday it was shifting production away from its longtime hallmark of pickups and SUVs in favor of smaller cars .
In making the decision , Ford said it believes gas prices will remain in the range of $ 3.75 to $ 4.25 a gallon through the end of 2009 .
" We saw a real change in the industry demand in pickups and SUVs in the first two weeks of May , " Ford chief executive Alan Mulally said Thursday .
" It seems to us we reached a tipping point . "
Brown of Automotive News said he would n't be surprised if General Motors and other automakers follow suit .
According to AAA , gas prices reached another all - time high Friday , with the national average price for a gallon of regular unleaded gasoline at $ 3.87 .
Seven states are now over $ 4 a gallon , AAA says .
How much do you need to work to pay for your gas ? »
Stories of owners ditching larger vehicles for smaller ones have started to become widespread .
Owners say they 're tired of spending as much as 80 to 100 bucks to fill up their tanks .
Some CNN.com users recently shared their stories of buying used Geo Metros -- the oft - maligned , snail - sized car from the 1990s that gets gas mileage similar to a hybrid of today for a fraction of the sticker price .
" I used to be a car snob , and I used to be too vain to drive anything that does n't shine , " said Marci Solomon , an electrician who has a 100 - mile commute to and from work .
" But now it 's about , do I want to eat , or do I want to make it to work ?
I want to do both . "
But some auto experts caution owners against trading in their SUVs and trucks to save money at the pump because it may not be the wisest financial decision .
Owners might owe $ 20,000 or more when the vehicle is now worth $ 12,000 .
It 's similar to an upside - down mortgage , and it may not make sense to try a trade - in .
" What they might be doing is spending thousands of dollars to save hundreds , " says Jack Nerad , the executive director of Kelley Blue Book 's kbb.com .
" Because if you make a trade , you 're most often going to spend more to make that move than you would just sucking it up and paying the extra gasoline prices . "
Back at the Los Angeles lot , Fernandez says he thinks the trend away from SUVs and pickups is here to stay .
" Just when you think that it 's going to change any day now , it does n't .
It just continuously gets worse , " he said .
CNN 's Wayne Drash and CNN Money 's Chris Isidore contributed to this report .
All About Gas Prices • Trucks and SUVs • Oil Prices
Next is the perilous “ connect ” phase .
If the DNS has looked up and provided the right IP address , your computer sends a signal requesting a connection with that remote site .
While your signal is going out , and as the other system is sending a reply , the surveillance computers within China are looking over your request , which has been mirrored to them .
They quickly check a list of forbidden IP sites .
If you ’re trying to reach one on that blacklist , the Chinese international - gateway servers will interrupt the transmission by sending an Internet “ Reset ” command both to your computer and to the one you ’re trying to reach .
Reset is a perfectly routine Internet function , which is used to repair connections that have become unsynchronized .
But in this case it ’s equivalent to forcing the phones on each end of a conversation to hang up .
Instead of the site you want , you usually see an onscreen message beginning “ The connection has been reset ” ; sometimes instead you get “ Site not found . ”
Annoyingly , blogs hosted by the popular system Blogspot are on this IP blacklist .
For a typical Google - type search , many of the links shown on the results page are from Wikipedia or one of these main blog sites .
You will see these links when you search from inside China , but if you click on them , you wo n’t get what you want .
The third barrier comes with what Lih calls “ URL keyword block . ”
The numerical Internet address you are trying to reach might not be on the blacklist .
But if the words in its URL include forbidden terms , the connection will also be reset .
( The Uniform Resource Locator is a site ’s address in plain English — say , www.microsoft.com—rather than its all - numeric IP address . )
The site FalunGong .com appears to have no active content , but even if it did , Internet users in China would not be able to see it .
The forbidden list contains words in English , Chinese , and other languages , and is frequently revised — “ like , with the name of the latest town with a coal mine disaster , ” as Lih put it .
Here the GFW ’s programming technique is not a reset command but a “ black - hole loop , ” in which a request for a page is trapped in a sequence of delaying commands .
These are the programming equivalent of the old saw about how to keep an idiot busy : you take a piece of paper and write “ Please turn over ” on each side .
When the Firefox browser detects that it is in this kind of loop , it gives an error message saying : “ The server is redirecting the request for this address in a way that will never complete . ”
The final step involves the newest and most sophisticated part of the GFW : scanning the actual contents of each page — which stories The New York Times is featuring , what a China - related blog carries in its latest update — to judge its page - by - page acceptability .
This again is done with mirrors .
When you reach a favorite blog or news site and ask to see particular items , the requested pages come to you — and to the surveillance system at the same time .
The GFW scanner checks the content of each item against its list of forbidden terms .
If it finds something it does n’t like , it breaks the connection to the offending site and wo n’t let you download anything further from it .
The GFW then imposes a temporary blackout on further “ IP1 to IP2 ” attempts — that is , efforts to establish communications between the user and the offending site .
Usually the first time - out is for two minutes .
If the user tries to reach the site during that time , a five - minute time - out might begin .
On a third try , the time - out might be 30 minutes or an hour — and so on through an escalating sequence of punishments .
The Labour party and the public are travelling in different directions .
Today 's Guardian / ICM poll also shows that the divergence has increased since Gordon Brown took over as leader a year ago .
He had hoped to win back support by showing both continuity and change in office .
Instead , underlying public trust in his party has declined .
The problem goes beyond headline voting intention figures .
These are bad - the worst , in some regards , since ICM started polling for the Guardian in 1984 .
But scepticism about Labour runs more widely : 58 % of the people who backed it in 2005 now think the party does not deserve to win a fourth term .
In 2006 , ICM asked voters whether they agreed or disagreed with a series of statements about the party .
Repeated this month , Labour 's position weakened on all but one of them .
Asked , for instance , whether they feel Labour understands the needs of " people like me " , only 33 % of voters agree while 65 % disagree - including 45 % of recent Labour voters .
But there is some hope for the party , too .
Labour 's hypothetical share of the vote in an immediate general election , just 27 % , is now smaller than the share of voters who sympathise with its aims in government .
That suggests recovery is possible .
But it will be hard to achieve .
Asked whether they think Labour deserves to win next time , 68 % of voters think it does not and only 29 % think it does .
Of course many of the people who do not want Labour to win are Conservative or Liberal Democrat voters .
But only 41 % of people who voted Labour in 2005 are clear that they want it to win next time , too .
Most voters , 71 % , agree with the statement that Labour has run out of steam and ideas .
Brown 's draft Queen 's speech , which aimed to show he has a long - term agenda , has had no effect .
In 2006 , Labour lagged 31 points behind on this .
Now the deficit has grown to 45 points .
Asked whether they think Labour is taking the country in the right direction , only 29 % agree and 68 % disagree , a deficit of 39 points .
In 2006 the deficit was only 25 points .
Labour has gained ground on only one issue since 2006 , internal division .
Then , the proportion of voters who agreed the party was more divided than the Conservatives outweighed those who disagreed by 46 points .
Now , the gap is only 38 points .
But the verdict is still against Labour - and the improvement comes down to the fact that Blair and Brown are no longer fighting , as they were in 2006 .
If the polls continue to be as bad as this for Labour , the infighting may soon return .
Sodium Party Periodic
Table home .
I 'd read about , and heard stories about , throwing sodium into water .
It 's a classic thing chemistry students do in college , and based on the reports I have been able to find on the internet , they are often drunk at the time .
While anecdotal evidence would suggest that many people have thrown sodium into the lakes and streams of the world , they have been reprehensibly lax in documenting the results .
I could find no reliable , and I stress the word reliable , reports on what actually happens .
What reports I did find were contradictory :
As you will see , I now know why .
I decided I should produce a comprehensive online reference on sodium dropping , with documentation on the size and shape of the chunks , how thrown , and most importantly with videos of the resulting explosions .
To do this , I held a Sodium Party .
People brought chips and soda and we had a cookout .
The first step was the procurement , through eBay , of three and half pounds of solid sodium metal for about a hundred dollars .
This is a decent price for a small quantity like this .
Small being a relative term :
It 's used by the ton in industry , but anything more than a few grams is a dangerous quantity if found in your home .
Three and a half pounds is enough , for example , to blow your home to bits under the right conditions .
Next I constructed a patented Sodium Release - o- tron :
It was designed to be constructed in less than an hour using only things I already had lying around the shop , be very unlikely to go off by accident , and be unable to fail when activated .
So far so good .
Here 's a picture of the first lump I loaded into it , in a preliminary experiment about a month before the party :
Click here for a video showing how this lump was cut off of the main block :
A wood chisel and some pushing is all it takes , because this stuff is very , very soft .
And here 's a picture of what happened when we pulled the string :
Click here to see a video of this first explosion .
( But only if you 've got a fast connection , because it 's not the best video by far :
See below for much better ones if loading these takes time for you . )
This chunk , about 50 grams , gave a surprisingly strong bang , especially considering that there was no containment and no intentional pre-mixing of reactive chemicals , at least one of which is normally a prerequisite for a sharp report .
My theory is that it 's a fuel - air explosion caused by mixing of the hydrogen gas with air , ignited a second or two later ( as you can see in the video ) by the heat that builds up in the sodium .
The heating of the sodium acts as the time fuse needed to make any fuel air bomb work .
This theory would imply that only a minimal shock wave should be transmitted into the water , since the explosion would be happening well above the surface , as the picture seems to show .
Unfortunately that theory is not supported by the fact that the metal bucket was split at the seams , even though less than an inch of rim extended over the level of the water .
Which brings me to a safety warning : Sodium is really rather dangerous .
If we had been anywhere within 15 feet of this explosion , it would have sprayed us with molten sodium and sodium hydroxide .
Even a tiny amount in the eyes would have been a serious medical emergency .
That 's why I built a device that let me release it in a very controlled way from a great distance :
If you want to do anything even remotely like this , you should take similar precautions .
While it 's safe to drop a tiny piece , maybe a few millimeters on edge , into a bowl of water , if you are wearing safety glasses , the force of the explosion goes up non-linearly with size .
A lot of people have hurt themselves by going to bigger and bigger pieces thinking it 's just going to do more of the same .
It does n't :
At some point it turns from a fizzle and flame into a real explosion , like a shotgun .
There 's also the issue of smoke , of which a lot is produced .
I 'm not sure what the smoke is , but I suspect it 's powdered soda lye ( caustic soda , otherwise known as sodium hydroxide ) , which means you really , really do n't want to get in the way of it .
Or it could be powdered sodium oxide , which might react over time with carbon dioxide in the air to form sodium carbonate or bicarbonate .
I really do n't know .
But if it is powdered soda lye it would severely burn your eyes , lungs , and skin , and no safety glasses would protect you .
Be sure you are upwind .
We had wet down about a 15 foot radius all around , and true to expectations , there were a series of secondary explosions as balls of sodium ejected by the main explosion hit the ground .
Unfortunately I was taken aback by the explosion and jerked the camera , so you can't see them .
That 's one reason the later videos came out better : I used a tripod .
I had planned to hose down and maybe neutralize the driveway the next morning , but in a fascinating display of nature , the driveway was full of little yellow butterflies the next morning .
I 've read that male butterflies collect sodium as a present for their mates , and they sure seemed to like mine , so I decided to leave it .
I 'm surprised they liked what must be a fairly basic solution , but then maybe it 's just neutralized decades of road acid .
According to the popular radio entomologist May Berenbaum from the University of Illinois , I was right about the butterflies .
She writes :
" They 're called sulfur butterflies ( in the family Pieridae ) and the general consensus is that they are indeed after sodium , which is transferred to females in the spermatophore or sperm package .
Here are some references about the phenomenon :
Adler , P. and D. Pearson , 1982 .
Why do male butterflies visit mud puddles ?
Can. J. Zool. 60 : 322-325 .
Arms , K. , P. Feeny and R.C. Lederhouse , 1974 .
Sodium : stimulus for puddling behavior by tiger swallowtail butterflies , Papilio glaucus .
Science 185 : 372-374 .
Smedley , S. R. and T. Eisner 1996 .
Sodium - - a male moth 's gift to its offspring .
Proc. Nat. Acad. Sci. 93:809-13 .
There 's something intensely sad about this .
These tiny creatures have nothing to give but a little package of sodium , but this they give with all their heart .
It is their life , their hope , their future , and they give it , asking nothing in return , that their children might have a better start in life .
I suppose it should be uplifting , but somehow it just seems terribly sad to me .
Moving on , I still needed to work out the details of my Sodium Party .
The classic thing to do with sodium is to throw it in a lake .
I own a lake .
It 's obvious what to do , right ?
Actually , it 's not that simple .
For one thing , I care a great deal about the fish and frogs in my lake , and do n't wish to poison or shock them .
Sodium certainly is n't poisonous , but it could raise the pH measurably , even in my acre and a half lake ( I did the math ) .
More of a problem would be intense shock waves .
After all , fishing with dynamite is a redneck tradition , and I do n't allow fishing in my lake , even by me .
There was also that phone call from the Illinois Environmental Protection Agency , which somehow got wind of my idea .
They believe that sodium is a caustic waste material which may not be dumped into the waters of the state in any quantity .
I question that on two grounds , first I question that there is no lower reporting limit on sodium , and second I question that my lake is a water of the state .
Having worked as a volunteer for an environmental water quality watchdog organization , and having spoken with several people there about this , I think I 'm almost certainly right in believing that I have the legal right to dump a few ounces of sodium into my private lake if I so choose .
The representative of the IEPA , however , disagreed with me on that conclusion .
Fortunately , no constitutional crisis developed out of this impasse , because by the time he put is foot down , I had already decided that I really did n't want to place my fish in harms way anyway .
The day before the party a few intrepid souls came out to test my ingenious workaround .
I cleared a small floating deck , put a tarp over it with edges so I could flood the whole thing with about an inch of water , and put a small kids swimming pool full of water in the middle .
Then I anchored the whole thing out in the middle of the lake with the sodium release - o- tron on it .
I loaded the machine with a 109.5 gram solid lump of sodium ( about twice as big as the piece in my first experiment on land ) , rowed away , and started the cameras rolling .
The idea was that the sodium would explode in the pool , and at most a trivial amount would escape to the surrounding lake , where it would be instantly vaporized .
I could then neutralize the pool water with a touch of hydrochloric acid ( " Muriatic acid " at any hardware store ) , leaving only slightly salty water in the pool .
( Sodium goes to hydrogen gas plus sodium and hydroxide ions in the water .
Hydrochloric acid is chlorine and hydrogen ions :
The hydrogen ions combine with the hydroxide ions to form water and neutralize the pH , while the sodium and chlorine ions are what is more commonly known as dissolved table salt .
Not even the IEPA , I believe , has a regulation against dumping slightly salty water . )
But that 's not quite how it worked out .
There was an initial large explosion :
Then there were a series of secondary explosions obviously caused by a single fairly large chunk that was literally hopping across the lake .
It was thrown high up into the air , came down to hit the water at a high rate of speed , and was then thrown back up into the air by the resulting explosion .
This happened at least three , maybe four times , so far as I can tell from the video .
This is quite alarming :
The longest time between impacts , timed on the videotape , was 3.12 seconds .
If you do the math , this means the chunk was thrown almost 40 feet high .
Fortunately it was going reasonably close to straight up and down , and we were quite far away ( about 200 feet ) .
But this skipping behavior , which so far as I know is documented here for the first time on the internet , clearly gives the whole thing far greater potential reach .
It 's easy to imagine a chunk skipping hundreds of feet .
I think this skipping behavior is one reason reports on what happens to sodium when you throw it in water are so varied and contradictory .
As you will see in the videos below , it varies tremendously depending on the size of the chunk , how hard it hits the water , how deep the water is , and probably on the temperature of the air and water .
Very small pieces skid around and may or may not burn , but do n't generally explode .
Larger pieces explode and disintegrate themselves .
Still larger pieces explode but stay intact , ejecting a solid chunk high into the air .
Of course when the chunk comes back down , it 's anyone 's guess what happens next .
If someone were to throw a chunk like this ( about three ounces ) by hand into a lake , it could very easy come back and hit them .
This video tape clearly demonstrates that sodium can throw itself farther than you can .
And more ominously , you can clearly see on at least one of the jumps that it tends to come back at the direction it was thrown from .
My theory is that when it hits the water it forms a cavity as it plunges down .
This cavity acts like a cannon barrel to direct the chunk back in the direction it came from , when the steam and evolved hydrogen explode .
For this reason , I think a repeat of this method of deployment would be ill advised .
It simply is n't predictable enough to be safe .
When the pool is surrounded by wet driveway , there 's no obvious way for chunks to skip long distances , and that 's the way I decided to do it for the main party .
On the day of the party I set up the Release - O - Tron at one end of our parking lot , and laid out a pair of hoses connected to the well pump in the lake ( which provides an endless supply of water ) .
I ran the hoses for about an hour to get the whole gravel area wet down , and they were left running most of the time , to keep a good puddle about 40 - 50 ft in diameter around the swimming pool .
Starting around 5:30 we set off a bunch of explosions , using a variety of different sizes and configurations of sodium , during daylight and night time .
Some were solid chunks , others were cut up into sugar - cube sized bits :
Since posting this website , I have gotten several great stories from people who have done sodium experiments .
Here are some of the best : From Bob E : Apocalypse on Lake Texoma
From Rick Manley : Fire from the Sky
From Paul : A Shimmering Ball
From Anonymous : Cold War Paranoia
From Dan Rabin : Sodium in Fiction
From D'John : Potassium for a change
From Anonymous : The Famous MIT sodium throw , with video !
From Jon : The Incredibly Dangerous Kawasaki Escapade
From Graham Ford : Graham 's containment story
From M. Otis Beard :
How to get out of a sticky situation
From Anonymous : Surplus danger
From Robin Carter : Toilet Humor
From Anonymous : Icecapades
From Roger Diggle : The Boy Scout Fire Starting Method
From Andrew Pullen :
Why you should n't use sodium and white phosphorus at the same time
From Scott : Scrap Sodium
From Joe : Sodium + Toilet = Danger
If you have a sodium story , please send it to me .
Still , the only videos I could find were of pathetic thumbnail - sized bits skidding about in a bowl ( see my version below , but trust me , it 's really boring ) .
So without further ado , here are my sodium videos , in chronological order .
Click on the picture to see the corresponding movie .
( All the videos on this page are now hosted by google 's video service :
You 'll need the Flash player installed , which should be automatic if you have a reasonably modern browser . )
%n
perl -e 'use strict ; print " $x " ; '
.
print ( some magic here )
print format1 3 " foo "
( some magic type involving an a ) -> a
lit :: String -> ( String -> a ) ->
String -> a
lit text k s = k ( s ++ text )
int :: ( String -> a ) -> String ->
Int -> a
int k s val = k ( s ++ show val )
printf :: (( String -> String ) -> String -> a ) -> a
printf fmt = fmt id " "
lit
int
" my int is %d
"
lit " my int is " . int . lit "
"
printf ( lit " my int is " . int . lit "
" )
Int ->
String
printf
map
int
lit
k
s
printf ( lit " foo " . int )
( lit " foo " ( int ( id ) ) ) " "
id
int
( String -> a ) -> ( String -> ( Int -> a ) )
Int -> a
a
Tonight ( Friday ) at 9:15 ET , AIR AMERICA host Richard Greene will have 9/11 activist Bill Douglas on to speak about how a mass national coalition of 9/11 truth activist and research organizations gathered around a best selling novelist , Steve Alten ( author of the explosive historical - novel The SHELL GAME ) .
Author , Steve Alten , will also speak on his two years of research on a book that would change his life forever .
This could be the first in a series of Air America programs on 9/11 truth , leading up to May 's MONTH OF TRUTH series on Air America that will involve the first REAL NATIONAL DEBATES on 9/11 issues , featuring major 9/11 researchers / experts debating qualified counter arguers defending the official story .
This historic series is a result of 9/11 truth organizations uniting around a singular focused endeavor .
Listen via internet ( at 9:15 pm tonight 4/18 ) by clicking on " Listen Live " at : http://airamerica.com/
Or check your local affiliate to see if ' Clout ' is carried on your station :
http://airamerica.com/stations
Korolev was imprisoned by Joseph Stalin on trumped - up charges
Engineer 's memories
By contrast , Korolev 's counterpart in America , Wernher von Braun , was feted in his lifetime - appearing in Disney films about spaceflight despite a murky past as designer of Adolf Hitler 's terror weapon , the V - 2 .
For Korolev , who had launched the first satellite and the first man into space , recognition was to come only after his death .
As an engineering graduate in Moscow during the 1930s , he co-founded an amateur rocket society with a colleague , Fridrikh Tsander , who , like Korolev , was inspired by ideas of space travel .
Their experiments with liquid fuelled rockets soon caught the eye of the military .
Never ask me about it again - I want to forget it all like a horrible dream
Sergei Korolev
The man who mined the stars
Korolev re-directed his research towards the development of long range missiles .
But in 1938 , during Soviet President Joseph Stalin's " Great Purge " , Korolev was denounced by other members of the organisation .
He was arrested on trumped - up charges of sabotaging work for defence installations and membership of anti-Soviet groups .
Hard labour
His jaw broken by interrogators , he was sent to one of the most feared parts of the Gulag network of labour camps , the Kolyma region of eastern Siberia .
Thousands of prisoners died each month in the freezing gold mine camps .
He was later transferred to a special engineering design office for prisoners - a move which marked the rebirth of his career .
By this time , he had lost all his teeth to scurvy and was given potato juice to drink in an effort to nurse him back to health .
Freed in 1946 , Korolev spent his first night at home telling the adult members of his family about the ordeal .
His daughter Natalya Koroleva told Russian newspaper Rossiyskaya Gazeta that he finished the night by saying : " Never ask me about it again - I want to forget it all like a horrible dream . "
She adds that her father had developed a loathing for gold , and would frequently say he hated it .
Learn by imitation
At the end of WWII , a scramble began to recover the secrets of Nazi Germany 's V - 2 rockets .
Stalin made missile development a priority for the Soviet Union , and a new facility was established outside Moscow for the purpose .
Korolev was tasked with exploiting V - 2 technology to develop long - range missiles .
Never ask me about it again - I want to forget it all like a horrible dream
Sergei Korolev
But Korolev did not lose his passion for space flight .
In 1952 , a scientific organisation called for artificial satellites to be launched during International Geophysical Year , designated to begin in 1957 .
Korolev saw his chance and campaigned for a Soviet satellite launch .
In 1956 , the government approved Korolev 's proposal after hearing of US plans to launch their own satellite .
The Soviet ' moon '
Built in a hurry to beat the US into space , Sputnik 1 blasted off atop a modified R - 7 missile in October 1957 .
The launch of the world 's first artificial satellite by the Soviet Union sent shock waves around the world .
Soviet premier Nikita Khrushchev demanded more spectacular launches from Korolev 's team .
Gagarin was the face behind space efforts , Korolev the brains
1980 's cosmonaut
By this time , Korolev commanded enormous authority .
Yet , despite the grand title of Chief Designer , he was only a part of a large space and weapons industry .
Throughout his career , Korolev faced competition and jealousy , both from rival spacecraft and missile designers and from within his own team of engineers .
When Sweden 's Nobel Committee decided to award their prize to the Chief Designer , and asked to know his name , Premier Khrushchev told them the entire Soviet people deserved the award .
According to Khrushchev 's son Sergei , Nikita knew that if Korolev was singled out for a Nobel , precarious co-operative efforts between the chief designer and his rivals would collapse .
Lunar programme
There were also notable failures under Korolev 's leadership .
His early version of the Soyuz spacecraft , which first flew a few months after his death , killed its cosmonaut .
The Soviets eventually tried to compete with the US in the race to be first to land humans on the Moon .
Korolev began work on an immense rocket called the N - 1 , intended to carry cosmonauts on a lunar venture ; but the chief designer died before he could see this plan to fruition .
After the N - 1 failed several times in tests , and following Nasa 's successful touchdown in the Moon 's Sea of Tranquility , the Soviet lunar programme was quietly cancelled .
Korolev had been suffering from health problems for years , some stemming from his time in the Gulag .
Accounts of his death differ : he either died during surgery on an intestinal tumour , or during a botched haemorrhoid operation .
A few days after Korolev passed away , his accomplishments were revealed to the world when his obituary was published in the pages of official newspaper Pravda .
In a final twist , the need for secrecy about Korolev 's identity was probably a sham .
Sergei Khrushchev recalls a KGB chief telling him " the enemy 's resources were limited , so we let them waste their efforts trying to uncover ' non- secret ' secrets " .
Today , Korolev has a town named after him in Russia .
Craters on the Moon and Mars , and an asteroid , also bear his name .
Korolev 's place in history as one of the fathers of space exploration has at last been recognised .
With the ascension of Barack Obama to the Democratic Party nomination , the Netroots find themselves in a quandary .
Breakup with Obama stumps Netroots
It ’s hard out there for a member of Netroots Nation .
Crashing onto the national political scene not long after George W. Bush ’s first inauguration , the Netroots — the angry left - wing Internet warriors who , from their keyboards , do daily battle with Republican warmongers and their Democratic enablers — have been the subject of endless study by the mainstream media , the very establishment force whose authority the Netroots collectively seek to undermine .
Press fascination with the Netroots has been matched by obsequiousness on the part of leading Democrats fearful of blogger wrath .
At the 2006 Yearly Kos convention — named after the website Daily Kos , whose founder , Markos Moulitsas , is the most prominent and intemperate member of the Netroots clan — former Virginia Gov. Mark Warner treated attendees to a $ 50,000 party , and a host of Democratic leaders made appearances .
Advertisement
But with the ascension of Barack Obama to the Democratic Party nomination , the Netroots find themselves in a quandary .
They had originally supported John Edwards , who went from being a nice - guy moderate in his 2004 presidential campaign to a pandering populist the second time around .
After Edwards dropped out , Obama — who ran to the left of Hillary Rodham Clinton on Iraq and whose promise to replace the Clintons ’ “ old ” way of doing things with his “ new ” politics — soon became the Netroots favorite .
Yet over the past month , Obama has dealt the Netroots a series of devastating blows by disavowing liberal pieties on a host of issues .
The breakup of the Netroots and Obama began with his decision last month to support a bill granting immunity to phone companies that provided records to the federal government in the immediate aftermath of the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks .
This is an issue about which the vast majority of the American people could n’t care less , but it ’s of monumental importance to the Netroots , who see it as confirmation of their deepest and darkest fears that Vice President Cheney is out to get them .
Salon.com blogger Glenn Greenwald exemplified the Netroots ’ rage when he bemoaned “ Obama ’s willingness to embrace [ this ] rancid framework . ”
Days later , to add insult to injury , Obama shifted his position on the signature cause of the Netroots — indeed , nothing less than its raison d’être : America ’s presence in Iraq .
After he visits the country this summer , Obama said two weeks ago , he plans to “ refine ” his position .
In other words , Obama will listen to his generals and drop the original campaign pledge to withdraw all U.S. combat brigades within a period of 16 months .
Richard Danzig , a senior Obama adviser on national security issues , went so far as to speculate that a President Obama might seek to retain Robert Gates as secretary of defense .
The pain did n’t stop there .
Add Obama ’s support for the Supreme Court ’s gun rights decision , his opposition to its outlawing the death penalty for child rapists , his touting an Illinois welfare reform law , and his newfound love for the North American Free Trade Agreement , and you can understand why the activist , angry left of the Democratic Party is having such conniptions .
As delightful as these moves have been for those of us who appreciate our leaders governing ( and campaigning ) from the center , a question lingers :
Why , for so long , did so many Democrats even bother listening to these people ?
Obama ’s run to the center is hardly the first thing that ’s broken the Netroots ’ collective heart .
From the Netroots ’ inception , they have been constantly disappointed .
Remember their first candidate — the man to whom they forever gave their hearts — Howard Dean ?
Wesley Clark , who entered the race thanks to a Netroots - driven “ Draft Clark ” movement , did n’t last particularly long .
And since seizing Congress in 2006 , the Democrats — supposedly emboldened by the power of the Netroots Nation — have repeatedly failed to subvert President Bush ’s war policy .
To their credit , the Netroots have scored two , albeit minor , political victories .
The first was forcing incoming Senate Majority Leader Trent Lott to step down from his leadership post after he praised the 1948 presidential campaign of segregationist Strom Thurmond .
Mainstream media coverage — which at first downplayed the story — was later driven by liberal bloggers .
For hastening the end of this man ’s political career , the Netroots can be deservedly proud .
The only other discernable accomplishment of the Netroots was to get Dean elected chairman of the Democratic National Committee .
Yet this supposed triumph has proven to be small beer , seeing that party bigwigs have kept him on an incredibly tight leash .
His near - invisibility over the past three years is yet further evidence of the illusory “ power ” of the Netroots .
Clinton understood the exaggerated influence of liberal bloggers when she said at a closed - door fundraiser in April , “ We have been less successful in caucuses because it brings out the activist base of the Democratic Party . ”
Netroots vitriol against Sen. Joseph I. Lieberman ( I - Conn. ) is the most visible example of their irrationality .
Lieberman , who has an impeccably liberal voting record , barring his stance on the Iraq war , is a prime target of the Netroots , which brooks no deviation from leftist orthodoxy .
The latest Netroots crusade is the website Liebermanmustgo.com , which hosts a petition calling upon Democratic Senate leaders to revoke Lieberman ’s chairmanship of the Homeland Security Committee .
And at the annual convention of the Democratic Leadership Council last month , Daily Kos’ Moulitsas referred to “ that a -- hole Joe Lieberman ” during a panel discussion .
That the ostensibly pragmatic , centrist voice of the Democratic Party would give a platform to Moulitsas , who has called the DLC a “ divisive , fundamentalist organization willing to sell any and all progressive ideals to the altar of Big Business , ” was likely attributable to the DLC ’s desire to appease what it believes to be an irreversibly rising force in Democratic politics .
Yet its fear is misplaced .
For if there had been any doubt before , Obama has confirmed that , in cyberspace , no one can hear you scream .
James Kirchick is an assistant editor of The New Republic .
Sorry , we have closed .
However , you can still search for Canadian business opportunities at ..
Pakistan Daily
May 21 , 2008
Keep in mind when reading this , that the man being interviewed is no two - bit internet conspiracy buff .
Stanley Hilton was a senior advisor to Sen Bob Dole ( R ) and has personally known Rumsfeld and Wolfowitz for decades .
This courageous man has risked his professional reputation , and possibly his life , to get this information out to people .
The following is from his latest visit to Alex Jones ’ radio show .
Note :
All honor to Stanley Hilton for risking his life so that we may know the truth of 9/11 .
The Bush Junta Unmasked
“ This ( 9/11 ) was all planned .
This was a government - ordered operation .
Bush personally signed the order .
He personally authorized the attacks .
He is guilty of treason and mass murder . ”
– Stanley Hilton
Alex Jones interview of Stanley Hilton , attorney for 911 taxpayers ’ lawsuit
AJ : He is back with us .
He is former Bob Dole ’s chief of staff , very successful counselor , lawyer .
He represents hundreds of the victims families of 9/11 .
He is suing Bush for involvement in 9/11 .
Now a major Zogby poll out – half of New Yorkers think the government was involved in 9/11 .
And joining us for the next 35 minutes , into the next hour , is Stanley Hilton .
Stanley , it ’s great to have you on with us .
SH : Glad to be on .
AJ : We ’ll have to recap this when we start the next hour , but just in a nutshell , you have a lawsuit going , you ’ve deposed a lot of military officers .
You know the truth of 9/11 .
Just in a nutshell , what is your case alleging ?
SH : Our case is alleging that Bush and his puppets Rice and Cheney and Mueller and Rumsfeld and so forth , Tenet , were all involved not only in aiding and abetting and allowing 9/11 to happen but in actually ordering it to happen .
Bush personally ordered it to happen .
We have some very incriminating documents as well as eye - witnesses , that Bush personally ordered this event to happen in order to gain political advantage , to pursue a bogus political agenda on behalf of the neocons and their deluded thinking in the Middle East .
I also wanted to point out that , just quickly , I went to school with some of these neocons .
At the University of Chicago , in the late 60s with Wolfowitz and Feith and several of the others and so I know these people personally .
And we used to talk about this stuff all of the time .
And I did my senior thesis on this very subject – how to turn the U.S. into a presidential dictatorship by manufacturing a bogus Pearl Harbor event .
So , technically this has been in the planning at least 35 years .
AJ : That ’s right .
They were all Straussian followers of a Nazi - like professor .
And now they are setting it up here in America .
Stanley , I know you deposed a lot of people and you ’ve got your $ 7 million dollar lawsuit with hundreds of the victim ’s families involved .
SH : 7 billion , 7 billion
AJ : Yeah , 7 billion .
Can you go over some of the new and incriminating evidence you ’ve got of them ordering the attack ?
SH : Yes , let me just say that this is a taxpayers ’ class action lawsuit as well as a suit on behalf of the families and the basic three arguments are they violated the Constitution by ordering this event .
And secondly that they [ garbled ] fraudulent Federal Claims Act , Title 31 of the U.S. Code in which Bush presented false and fraudulent evidence to Congress to get the Iraq war authorization .
And , of course , he related it to 9/11 and claimed that Saddam was involved with that , and all these lies .
AJ : Tell you what , stay there .
Stanley , we ’ve got to break .
Let ’s come back and get into the evidence .
BREAK
AJ : All right my friends , second hour , the anniversary of the globalist attack coming up .
It ’s an amazing individual we have on the line .
Bob Dole ’s former chief of staff , political scientist , a lawyer , he went to school with Rumsfeld and others , he wrote his thesis about how to turn America into a dictatorship using a fake Pearl Harbor attack .
He ’s suing the U.S. government for carrying out 9/11 .
He has hundreds of the victims ’ families signing onto it – it ’s a $ 7 billion lawsuit .
And he is Stanley Hilton .
I know that a lot of stations just joined us in Los Angeles and Rhode Island and Missouri and Florida and all over .
Please sir , recap what you were just stating and then let ’s get into the new evidence .
And then we ’ll get into why you are being harassed by the FBI , as other FBI people are being harassed who have been blowing the whistle on this .
So , this is really getting serious .
Stanley , tell us all about it .
SH : Yeah , we are suing Bush , Condoleezza Rice , Cheney , Rumsfeld , Mueller , etc. for complicity in personally not only allowing 9/11 to happen but in ordering it .
The hijackers we retained and we had a witness who is married to one of them .
The hijackers were U.S. undercover agents .
They were double agents , paid by the FBI and the CIA to spy on Arab groups in this country .
They were controlled .
Their landlord was an FBI informant in San Diego and other places .
And this was a direct , covert operation ordered , personally ordered by George W. Bush .
Personally ordered .
We have incriminating evidence , documents as well as witnesses , to this effect .
It ’s not just incompetence – in spite of the fact that he is incompetent .
The fact is he personally ordered this , knew about it .
He , at one point , there were rehearsals of this .
The reason why he appeared to be uninterested and nonchalant on September 11th – when those videos showed that Andrew Card whispered in his ear the [ garbled ] words about this he listened to kids reading the pet goat story , is that he thought this was another rehearsal .
These people had dress - rehearsed this many times .
He had seen simulated videos of this .
In fact , he even made a Freudian slip a few months later at a California press conference when he said he had , quote , “ seen on television the first plane attack the first tower . ”
And that could not be possible because there was no video .
What it was was the simulated video that he had gone over .
So this was a personally government - ordered thing .
We are suing them under the Constitution for violating Americans ’ rights , as well as under the federal Fraudulent Claims Act , for presenting a fraudulent claim to Congress to justify the bogus Iraq boondoggle war , for political gains .
And also , under the RICO statute , under the Racketeering Corrupt Organization Act , for being a corrupt entity .
And I ’ve been harassed personally by the chief judge of the federal court who is instructing me personally to drop this suit , threatened to kick me off the court , after 30 years on the court .
I ’ve been harassed by the FBI .
My staff has been harassed and threatened .
My office has been broken into and this is the kind of government we are dealing with .
AJ : Absolutely and now it has come out – five separate drills of flying hijacked jets into buildings that morning – which you told us about before it even broke in the Associated Press .
They were trying to get out ahead of you .
You talked about how you interviewed military people who were told it was a drill that morning .
Then to get out ahead of that , the news finally reported on it .
Now , we ’ve learned that all these operations – I want to get into that , I want to talk about the new incriminating evidence of ordering it and how they had drilled on this , how Cheney was in the bunker controlling this .
That has even come out in the mainstream news but they wo n’t release the details of that , Stanley .
But what type of FBI harassment are you going through ?
SH : First of all , my office was burglarized in San Francisco several months ago .
Files were gone through and some files were seized – particularly the ones dealing with the lady that was married to one of the hijackers .
Fortunately , I had spare copies in a hidden place so nothing disappeared permanently .
But more significantly , FBI agents have been harassing one of my staff members and threatening them with vague but frightening threats of indicting them .
And it ’s just total harassment .
They have planted a spy , an undercover agent , in my organization , as we just recently discovered .
In other words , these are Nazi Germany tactics .
This is the kind of government you have in this country .
This is what Bush is all about .
AJ : Stay there , Stanley , Bob Dole ’s former chief of staff .
We ’ll come back after this quick break .
Please stay with us .
BREAK
AJ : All right , eight minutes , 25 seconds into the second hour .
Stanley Hilton , political scientist , lawyer , Bob Dole ’s former chief of staff , is suing the government for 7 billion dollars for carrying out 9/11 and for racketeering .
And he joins us now .
During the break , I first really did the big interview with Stanley Hilton after I saw him attacked on Fox News .
And that interview got massive attention .
And then he kind of went underground for a while because a judge , we ’re going to talk about that , ordered him to not do any more interviews .
And now he ’s back doing interviews .
He ’s had his office broken into , FBI threats and harassment .
Bottom line , he has deposed military individuals , wives of hijackers , you name it , it was a government operation .
It has even come out in mainstream news , a piece here , a piece there .
They had drills on 9/11 , that ’s why NORAD stood down .
Cheney was in control of the whole thing .
Stanley Hilton has now gotten documents about how Bush ordered the whole operation .
And I ’ll tell you right now , his life is in danger , folks .
And he ’s got so much courage .
He went to school with these neocons at the University of Chicago .
He wrote his thesis on how the government could use terrorist attacks to set up martial law .
He is the man for the time and folks wondered why he disappeared for a while and just did his lawsuit and was n’t doing interviews , it was because he was ordered to .
Stanley , can you get into that for us ?
SH : I did an interview with you , Alex , about a year and a half ago , and literally two weeks after that , I was contacted by the emissary of the chief judge of the federal court where I have the lawsuit .
And I was warned not to publicize it but to keep it quiet and threatened with discipline .
And it remained quiet until a couple of months ago and then I got on the air on some programs and some publicity and July 1st , I was threatened directly by the chief judge here , threatened with court discipline .
This particular judge has been circulating communiqués to the other federal judges seeking anything negative she can get against me to try and discipline me after I ’ve been on the court here for 30 years with no disciplinary problems at all .
This is suddenly happening .
And her assistants who are on the committee of the court met with me on July 1st in Palo Alto , California , and threatened me directly .
They handed me a copy of the lawsuit and said that the judge wants me to dismiss this .
What ’s this ?
She does n’t like the content of it .
This is politically incorrect .
This is outside the norm .
I said I represented more than 400 plaintiffs , how am I going to dismiss this case ?
And they threatened me directly and they said , “ the next time you ’ll be disciplined . ”
And also they ’ve threatened me not to go public , etc .
And this is just outrageous .
AJ : It ’s all color of law .
No direct orders , just all in your face .
SH : They sent a letter out , and of course they deny it ’s because of the political content of the suit but they told me directly on the phone that it is because of this suit and this judge is very , very angry , apparently has been in contact with Ashcroft ’s Justice Department .
I got a call from Ashcroft ’s Justice Department a few months ago about this , demanding that I drop the suit , threatening sanctions and all kinds of things .
I refused to drop it .
AJ : Now let ’s go back over , you had them break into your office , harassment .
Let ’s go over that in detail .
SH : My office was broken into about 6 months ago .
The file cabinets – it was obvious they had been rifled through .
Files were stolen .
Files dealing with this particular case and particularly with the documents I had regarding the fact that the – some of these hijackers , at least some of them were on the payroll of the U.S. government as undercover FBI , CIA , double agents .
They are spying on Arab groups in the U.S.
And , in effect , all this led up to the effect that al Qaeda is a creation of the George Bush administration , basically .
That the entity that he called al Qaeda is directly linked to George Bush .
And all this stuff was stolen .
Fortunately , I had copies .
But this was just part of the harassment .
The FBI has also been harassing some of my assistants and has planted a spy in our midst .
And it is just outrageous that these Nazi tactics are being used – and the obstruction of justice , these people are criminals .
And that ’s what ’s happening under the tremendous pressure here to just drop it .
Or to shut up now and just go away .
AJ : Now , let ’s talk about what they want you to drop .
Let ’s talk about , without giving names , the people you deposed , what really happened , the picture you ’ve got .
You said earlier that Bush ordered this , they were simulating this which they now admit there were simulations on that morning .
Let ’s go over what they do n’t want you to talk about , Stanley .
SH : We have evidence both documentary as well as witness sworn statements from undercover former FBI agents , FBI informants , etc. , that other officials in the Pentagon and the military and the Air Force that deal with the fact that there were many drills , many rehearsals for 9/11 before it happened .
Bush had seen this simulated on TV many times .
He blurted this out at a press conference in California a few months after 9/11 where he said he had , quote , seen the first plane hit the first building on the video .
And that ’s not possible because there was no official video of that .
There was one of the second plane not the first one .
He had seen the first one .
We do have some incriminating documents that Bush personally ordered 9/11 events .
It was well planned .
A FEMA official has admitted on tape that he was there the night before – September 10th , that is
AJ : And now Mayor Giuliani , a few months ago in the 911 Commission , admitted that – Tripod II .
They had their whole command post already moved out of Building 7 .
Now , this is very , very important .
This is a key area of this whole event .
You said months before it came out on the CIA ’s own website and the Associated Press , you said I deposed people .
They said there were drills that morning and exactly what happened , happening – that was the smoke - screen for the stand - down .
And then to get out ahead of it , the CIA comes out and said yeah we were running a drill that morning .
Now , we ’ve learned that five , possibly six , were confirmed .
Five of these – one drill with the exact same thing happening that actually happened , at the exact same time in the morning .
That ’s why NORAD stood down with 24 different blips on the screen .
You ’ve said this .
You brought this up first .
Now , I know you ca n’t get too much into detail but can you tell us how you learned of this ?
SH : I have interviewed individuals in NORAD and the Air Force .
I personally toured NORAD many years ago around the time that I worked for Dole .
I ’m very familiar with the operations at Cheyenne Mountain at Colorado Springs , where NORAD is .
Individuals that work in NORAD as well as the Air Force have stated this , off the record , but the point is , yes , this was not just five drills but at least 35 drills over at least two months before September 11th .
Everything was planned , the exact location
AJ : But five drills that day .
SH : That day , that day , and Bush thought it was a drill .
That ’s the only explanation for why he appeared nonchalant
AJ : We also had NORAD officers and civilian air traffic controllers going , “ Is this part of the exercise ?
Is this a drill ? ”
SH : Yes .
AJ : On the tapes and in TV interviews , they thought it was , quote , a drill .
SH : That ’s right .
That ’s exactly what I said long before it became public .
I ’ve known about this since earlier in March of ’ 03 , as I stated before .
This was all planned .
This was a government - ordered operation .
Bush personally signed the order .
He personally authorized the attacks .
He is guilty of treason and mass murder .
And now , obstruction of justice by attempting to use a federal judge and FBI agents to inhibit a legitimate civil lawsuit in this country , in federal court .
Even a chief judge in this court tried to harass and threaten me personally for representing legitimate plaintiffs .
And they got Clinton for allegedly lying under oath about Paula Jones and now – look what ’s happening now .
And Ken Starr used to be across from me in Duke Law School in the early `70s and it´s interesting that he got away with trying to get Clinton impeached , so we have a far worse criminal sitting in the oval office today – somebody guilty of mass murder as well as obstruction of justice .
AJ : Well , I mean look , they say they never heard of a plan to fly planes into buildings – said it all over television – Rice , Bush , Cheney , Rumsfeld , Ashcroft .
And then we find out they were running all these drills that morning .
Even if they were n’t involved , that proves they were liars about ever hearing of such a plan .
SH : Well , I ’m trying to take their depositions – I ’ve been trying to take their depositions for months .
They ’ve been trying to object to it .
They will have to admit they were either lying then or now .
It ’s clearly perjury either way .
They are liars and perjurers ; that ’s what they are .
These are the people that we have running this government and , of course , they knew about it .
How are they going to claim now that they did n’t know about these drills ?
Their idea is that nobody knew anything .
It ’s the old know - nothing mentality .
And how anybody considers this believable is beyond me .
AJ : All right , now people ask how could a huge organization , how could the AWACs , how could the military let this happen ; whereas before , if your Cessna got off course for five minutes , they would launch F - 16s on you .
It ’s real simple .
It ’s what Stanley Hilton said here a year and a half ago .
It ’s what came out in the news after that .
The military , good people , were told this was all a drill .
And it was not a drill .
And ABC News admits that Cheney was in control of [ ? ] out of the White House [ ? ] and that he ordered the military to quote “ do something . ”
Our inside sources from Hilton and others say it was a stand down and they admit they will not release that under national security .
Stanley ?
SH : Well they are going to admit it , they ’re going to release it in the court case because if you demand it under subpoena powers and they must release it .
And part of our lawsuit is brought in the name of the U.S. because under the federal fraudulent [ Claims Act ] , we accuse the Bush Administration of presenting a fraudulent claim to Congress .
And under the statutes of Title 31 of the U.S. code , they must release this information .
That ’s why they are trying to threaten me , harass me , invade my office , steal my files , commit blatant obstruction of justice and other crimes to try and prevent a legitimate civil suit from exposing these criminals and their acts of treason and mass murder .
AJ : I think you need to publicly tell folks that you are not planning suicide .
Would you like to tell folks that ?
SH : ( laughs ) I ’m not planning suicide .
I ’ve got family and I ’m not planning that but I do n’t like the threats I ’m under – but I can tell you this , it ’s taking a toll emotionally on me and my staff .
And particularly , when you get a threat from the chief judge of your own court .
AJ : Why have you decided to go public again after a year of being under the radar ?
SH : Because the more and more evidence that I ’ve been adducing over a year and a half has made it so obvious to me that this was now without any doubt a government operation and that it amounts to the biggest act of treason and mass murder in American history .
I mean George Bush makes Benedict Arnold look like a patriot .
He makes Benedict Arnold look like George Washington .
I mean that ’s what we have – a criminal and a traitor sitting in the White House pretending he ’s a patriot , wrapping himself in the flag .
And it ’s pretty disgusting because the other side of the so - called opposition , the Kerry camp is just saying nothing because they ’re afraid to speak .
AJ : Stay right there .
We ’ll be right back .
BREAK
AJ : Stanley Hilton will be with us for another 15 or 16 minutes .
Then he ’s got to go into court .
Bob Dole ’s former chief of staff , political scientist , lawyer , represents 400 plus plaintiffs – most of them victims of 9/11 .
When I was in New York last week , everybody I was talking to , I mean 90 plus percent of them at ground zero – “ I had family , I worked in the buildings , my son ’s a Navy Seal – he called the night before and said do n’t go to work . ”
You know , all of this , and then now they never had any idea – and it turns out they had all these drills – and one drill of hijacked jets flying into the World Trade Center and Pentagon at 8:30 in the morning .
That morning – come on people !
And Stanley Hilton brought all this out on this show before it was in the mainstream news .
And I was talking to him during the break .
I mean , the harassment , the moles , the threatening of his staff , the judge threatening him .
Stanley , let ’s get specifically into the documents that you have now got that they have now been robbing you for , that you luckily , thank God had copies .
Specifically , Bush ordering this .
Can you get into that for us – ordering 9/11 ?
SH : National Security Council classified documents which [ garbled ] and it ’s was part of a series of documents that were involved with the drill documents .
This was all planned – they had it on videotape .
These planes were controlled by remote control , as I stated previously a year and a half ago , there ’s a system called Cyclops .
There is a computer chip in the nose of the plane and it enables the ground control , the military ground control , to disable the pilot ’s control of the plane and to control it and to fly it directly into those towers .
That ’s what happened .
It ’s also a technology used on what ’s called the Global Hawk , which is an aircraft drone – a remote - controlled aircraft .
And they were doing it .
We are talking about National Security Council classified documents that clearly indicated that [ garbled ] had a green light to order this to go and this is no drill .
These drills that were running were clearly a dress rehearsal and this was a government operation .
You wonder why these people are trying to threaten people and trying to intimidate people who have written this suit , I guess if you murdered 3000 of your own citizens , in conjunction with the corrupt Royal family of Saudi Arabia as Bush did .
And if you then waste billions more on a worthless garbage war in Iraq , I guess you ’ve got something to worry about and you want to threaten people to prevent it from coming out .
AJ : I mean let ’s look at this .
Not only are there dress rehearsals , they are smoke screens so the good military stands down and does n’t know what ’s happening .
But it ’s now coming out , even in mainstream news , that yes these drills were going on .
Yes , and some of these drills , quote , passenger - type jets were under remote control – this is decades old technology .
In 1958 , NORAD was [ ] old jets and using them for target practice .
Decades ago they flew jumbo jets from LA to Sidney Australia .
So since that ’s going on , everybody knows that .
And it ’s the same MO .
Just like the first World Trade Center [ bombing ] where they get two retarded men who followed this blind sheik who had a tiny mosque above a pizza parlor .
And they set them up as the patsies .
Then the FBI cooks the bomb , trains the drivers .
This informant goes , “ You ’re not going to bomb the building ?
They go “ Yeah , we ’re letting it go forward . ”
He tapes them to protect themselves .
The two retarded gentlemen , thank God , did n’t park it up against the column , as the FBI instructed them to do , so it did n’t bring down the tower – because you have to be right up against the column .
That does n’t happen .
Yet , it ’s the same thing with 9/11 .
You ’ve got these CIA agents , these Arabs , who were trained at U.S. military bases , Pensacola Naval Air Station – mainstream media , out creating their legends for this background .
They ’re on board the aircraft .
My military sources say nerve gas kills everybody on board the plane – nerve gas packets .
Then they fly the planes into buildings .
From your inside sources , is that accurate ?
SH : It ’s one of the things that we are looking into – that nerve gas or something else disabled people .
It ’s possible .
I ca n’t say for sure to be honest with you
AJ : All you know is they were government agents and they were on board and the planes were remote controlled .
SH : Yeah , it was basically a smokescreen .
I mean , the events of the hijackings , how someone snuck in those cutters , it was a plant .
It was like a classic decoy .
I ’ve got some military background .
And it ’s called decoy .
It ’s a decoy operation .
You make the people focus on the decoy to avoid looking at the real criminals .
So they are focusing on these so - called nineteen hijackers and saying , “ Oh , it must have been these Arabs .
When , in fact , the guilty person is at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue – sitting in the oval office .
That ’s the guilty person .
That ’s the one who authorized it .
There is only one man who could have authorized this operation and that ’s Bush .
And anyone at NORAD will tell you as I have been told personally at NORAD in the war control room , there is only one man who has the power to do this kind of thing and that ’s Bush .
Even though many believe he ’s a puppet .
And I think in many ways he is .
The fact of the matter is where was [ ]
Cheney , Rumsfeld and these other traitors .
The fact is Bush personally ordered and he ’s guilty and liable and he ’s going to be re-elected apparently because the media ’s asleep and [ garbled ] for Bush .
AJ : Well , the media is owned by the same military industrial complex that carried out the attacks .
SH : Yeah , the media is only interested in maintaining the official government fantasy that this was a little lone Arab .
These Arabs could n’t even steer that plane down a runway .
AJ : Stay there Stanley , final segment coming up .
BREAK
AJ : Mr. Hilton , when you talk to these FBI agents , when you talk to these military men and women , what ’s their attitude ?
They ’ve got to be pretty freaked out to have the big picture and know what actually happened on 9/11 .
SH : Yes , you know it ’s like clouds just before a thunderstorm in the sense that they are sort of pregnant with rage .
They are just enraged at the criminal politicians who have perverted and misused the government to murder its own citizens and pursue these dubious political ends .
And many of them , in increasing numbers , are willing to talk and will talk under subpoena – but only under subpoena because the official party line of the government is shut up and do n’t talk to the trial lawyer .
But more and more , they are very outraged that part of the government has done this to its own people , to its own people .
I mean you have to go back to Stalin to see something – not even Hitler did this to his own people .
You have to look at Stalin who murdered the Kulaks , the Russians for his own dubious gains .
Also we ’ve got – we have a Stalinist mentality in this country .
And , if these people pose as patriots and wrap themselves in the flag , it ’s disgusting .
I wanted also to point out that the Japanese television network , Asahi , is going to be airing a special on primetime tomorrow , on September 11th .
They interviewed me for eight hours a couple of weeks ago .
I ’ll be on that .
I wish – of course , the America media do n’t care so they are not going to care .
But in Japan , people are very serious in interviewing me and others .
And we have a website now , called deprogram .info , if more people are interested : www.deprogram.info.
But the other thing , I just wanted to say that if anything happens to me – and I do n’t know why – because I ’m being threatened here now .
And it seems you ca n’t bring a case in this country anymore against criminals in power without being threatened .
And this is how they operate .
The stakes are pretty high when you ’ve got a world historical level of treason and fraud by this government against it ’s own people .
I guess this is what you have to expect .
AJ : Stanley , the globalists , the new world order crowd , definitely intend to carry out more terror attacks .
I know they would have carried out more attacks if we would n’t have done what we ’ve been up to , if you would n’t have been out there boldly speaking out and many others .
And then their electronic Berlin wall has a bunch of cracks in it now .
Thanks to good people like yourself and many others who are speaking out and telling the truth .
But do you think that they may carry out what they ’ve been hyping – a suitcase nuke attack , a biological release to try to smokescreen all of this ?
I know it ’s a catch 22 , you ’ve got to expose the murderers .
We ’ve got to get the word out on this but some government people that I ’ve talk to say , “ Yeah , but if you do that , they are going to go even more hard core and must totally try to take over . ”
But I say regardless , they are already doing that .
So what do you say to that ?
SH : Well , yeah , I think they have an agenda .
They have contingency plans .
I think they are laying low now because there are an increasing number of people , like myself , who are openly challenging them and accusing them of criminal conduct .
I think they would have done it again if we had not spoken up .
I think they ’re planning , what they would like to do is silence any dissenters .
That ’s why we are trying to get the Patriot Act declared unconstitutional in this lawsuit also .
AJ : Let ’s talk about polls .
In the beginning a patriot is a scarce man , hated and feared , but in time when his cause succeeds , the timid join him , because then it costs nothing to be a patriot .
You are one of those guys who hit the barbwire for us , or figuratively jumped on the hand grenade for America .
But when you ’ve got a Zogby poll , who is highly respected , half of New Yorkers believe that the government was involved .
When you have a Canadian poll , 63 % on average believe that the U.S. government was involved .
And some groups , as high as 76 % in polls believe the government was involved .
European polls , two - thirds show the same thing .
We have German defense ministers and technology ministers and another member of their government now , three of them going public , known conservatives , and progressives .
You have an environment minister , Michael Meacher , saying that if they did n’t do it , they sure as hell knew what was going on .
Look , if anybody who is a thinking person looks at the evidence , their official story is impossible .
Then you investigate and they are involved in it .
Comments to this massive awakening and what ’s happening .
SH : Well , I think that ’s why they want the Patriot Act to suppress political dissent .
They have to , they ’re anticipating , they are not dumb individuals .
I know these people personally , Wolfowitz .
These are criminal individuals but they are smart and so they anticipated political dissent .
And that ’s why , like the Nazis , their forebears , and their blood brothers , the Nazis and the Stalinists , they ’re all for political repression .
Every corrupt and criminal government has done this – they suppress their own people : Nazi Germany , Communist Russia , Mao Tse - Tung , that ’s why we have the Patriot Act .
So it ’s hand in hand .
They had it planned to go right up to September 11th , this was all part of the plan .
You have to do it .
It was part of my senior thesis .
You must follow through the terrorists attacks with a political suppression mechanism in the law .
And that ’s why they want Patriot I and Patriot II and their plans are to continue launching more terrorist attacks to justify even more repression .
The goal is to make this a one party dictatorship in this country , to pursue their dubious ends with their blood brothers like the Saudi Royal family .
And also , historical blood brothers , such as the Nazi Germany and the Communist Russian .
That ’s the goal
AJ : You ’ve got to go in just a minute or two .
But I wanted to also tell you about New York .
Sound cannons that are used in Iraq , they ’re against us .
Men in black ski masks .
41,000 police , accredited media being arrested randomly .
Children being arrested , people in wheelchairs , 2000 plus people put in a camp with barbwire fences inside with no bathrooms .
You had to have permission to go to the porta-potties .
Police screaming at you .
It had nothing to do with terrorism .
They are openly setting the precedent for martial law .
SH : Well , that ’s right , the word terrorist is now being overly broad and overly defined [ garbled ] and also , you know , it ’s like the word communist was used for anything during the McCarthy witch hunt .
And anybody can be called a terrorist by Bush ’s definition .
But the irony is that the number one terrorist in the world is living at the White House at the oval office today .
That ’s the real irony .
For sheer hypocrisy , I think he deserves the world prize and ought to be in the Ripley book , Believe It or Not , and the Guinness book of world records for sheer brazen chicanery and fraud .
AJ : Let me ask you a question on this because this is the experience that I had .
Watching television , watching the killers , watching those that are guilty , stand up there as our saviors is incredibly painful .
It ’s like watching Ted Bundy being the judge at his own trial .
I mean it is just painful to know who these people are .
To see them putting America in a shredder .
Now we are going to have forced psychological testing of every American , forced drugging , you know Pan - American unions , I mean it ’s just all happening , it ’s in our face , Stanley .
SH : Yeah , it ’s very disturbing and as one who has studied the theory and concept of dictatorships , I personally interviewed Albert Speer , who was Hitler ’s armaments minister .
I interviewed him in 1981 in Munich .
And I ’ve studied the psychology and history of totalitarianism and there is no question that it ’s very frightening .
And it has , today , with high technology , albeit for the first time in history , the chance of having a world empire dominated by corrupt , technologically oriented government – an elite government .
And they ’ve got now what people like Napoleon and Hitler did n’t have , which is the technological means to dominate not only their own country but others – the world .
AJ : The answer is to expose them as the terrorists , to show how PNAC [ Project for the New American Century ] said we need helpful Pearl Harbor events , to show how Northwoods called for the exact 9/11 - style attacks , to show their own plans .
And to force people to face this horror .
What are they going to do in a year or two when 80 % of us , not half of us , know the truth ?
SH : Well , that ’s why they want repression and , then again , the ancient old diversion , launch another terrorist attack to get people to pitch it away .
I mean who knows what they ’ll do next .
I mean their capacity for ingenious creation of these events is sort of unraveled .
I mean there is no limit .
My guess is they are going to try another stunt – maybe a stunt just before the election to justify getting Bush reelected .
Although it seems like he is running against a straw man or a ghost right now , anyway .
But , my guess is they ’ll try some other tactic to get people ’s attention away from 9/11 if it gets to be too much attention .
What you really want is for the public to just lose interest because the public – and it ’s like remember the Alamo , you know , people do n’t forget things like that .
To me it ’s like the Alamo , remember 9/11 , that ought to be the slogan for this outrageous act of treason .
That ’s what it is .
It ’s not
AJ : We are at a crossroads , I do n’t think they anticipated this much resistance , Stanley .
SH : Yeah , I hope they are truly wrong and as incompetent as they are corrupt and guilty .
That means their incompetence is exceeded only by their corruption and their guilt .
And eventually , if enough people are going to get outraged enough , these people in the bureaucracy and in the civil service and our military , and eventually we can get people under subpoena these individuals will be exposed .
AJ : Stanley , their whole operation hinges on us being naïve and not recognizing evil .
This is what they got with Hitler and others .
People could n’t recognize evil so they continued to repeat succumbing to it .
We are recognizing it this time .
We are putting our lives , our treasure , our future on the line for freedom because we cannot let these blood - thirsty control freak terrorists capture us and use us and turn us into the empire and have a draft and use us as their slaves to invade the planet .
And that ’s their PNAC plan .
Stanley Hilton , I know you ’ve got to get to court .
God bless you .
I want to thank you for being here with us today .
Can we get you back on next week ?
SH : Sure , just give me a call .
AJ : God bless you my friend .
Any closing comments ?
SH : My closing comments would be , I think people ought to just think about the consequence of having someone like Bush in the White House and the danger for the future that these sorts of individuals pose .
This is not just a historical event of the past .
This is part of the plan and the camera is still rolling .
They have an agenda .
These individuals are extremely dangerous .
They are armed and dangerous .
They pose a clear and dangerous threat to every freedom - loving person not only American but in the whole world .
AJ : You are absolutely right Stanley Hilton .
They have captured the government .
They have not captured the peoples ’ minds and they are counting on us not facing up to it .
SH : And they are counting on the repressive Patriot Act and threats and chief judges and FBI agents threatening people who are exposing them .
That ’s what they are counting on .
AJ : But you ’re not backing down are you , my friend .
SH : No , I ’m not
AJ : Well , we all stand with you , my brother , and God bless you .
SH : All right .
Thank you .
WATCH ALEX JONES ’ ENDGAME ONLINE NOW in its entirety .
View more
High quality trailers at www.endgamethemovie.com
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Former test pilot Larry Neal of Boyd , Texas created this awesome flying machine called the Super Sky Cycle ( basically a flying bike - technically a cross between a motorcycle and an autogyro ) .
The flying bike goes as fast as 70 mph in the air and 60 mph on the road , and sells for around $ 25 grand !
Neal 's company : Butterfly LLC , YouTube Link - via comagz
