William Gibson image gallery
Return to gallery directory listing
* NOTE : Click on the thumbnails for a larger version of the image .
I took most of these images from many different internet resources without crediting them , so if I am violating your copyright , please contact me so I can remove or credit the respective images .
Lewis Black nailed it two weeks ago when he exclaimed emphatically that “ Glenn Beck has Nazi Tourettes ! ” .
Beck however , is not the only one who suffers such political maladies .
Many of America ’s right wing columnists also suffer from what I call OFSAS .
Obsessive French Surrender Analogy Syndrome ( OFSAS ) is what happens when your knowledge of world history stems from a select anti-French Jay Leno monologues , anti-French jokes from the Simpsons combined with the analytical refinement of a cement brick .
Case in point , the words of A.W.R.
Hawkins in his column about Los Angeles ’ Boycott of Arizona .
Somehow , Arizona , Illegal immigration , Los Angeles ’ City
Hall led to the following passage :
“ Or like those vile Frenchmen , who long ago forgot that while they were dropping their rifles and raising their hands in surrender during World War II , our Midwestern farm boys were climbing off their tractors in order to climb into tanks and stave off ultimate defeat for the messieurs . ” – A.W.R. Hawkins , May 27th 2010
With those words , Hawkins achieved a level of political discourse on equal footing with the words of Groundskeeper Willie .
Not only are the French vile , they are of course – collective utter cowards .
Hawkins willfully ignores the fact the French lost 100,000 men keeping the German army at bay and saved the British Expeditionary Force at Dunkirk and Lille before their leadership yielded to Germany .
Hawkins also completely sidesteps America ’s pro-Vichy stance until 1942 , America ’s widespread isolationism and many pro-Nazi sympathizers from Henry Ford to Joe Kennedy via Father Charles Edward Coughlin , the America First Committee , George Lincoln Rockwell and the German - American Bund to name a few .
Hawkins should be reminded that it was a Democratic President who came to the aid of Europe during its darkest hour despite the isolationism most prominent in the ranks of the Senate Republicans .
But we ’ll let more capable historians like Robert Young or columnists like Eric Margolis rebuke such simplistic histrionics .
ScreenSharingMenulet connect to local , Back to My Mac and custom hosts via Screen Sharing from the menu bar
Starting with version 2.5 ScreenSharingMenulet is available only on the Mac App Store
Minimum Requirements :
• Intel Mac
• Mac OS X 10.6 Snow Leopard or later
Features :
• Real - time search for available local and Back to My Mac hosts .
• Option to create custom non-local hosts with host , displayed name and port .
• Option to display custom hosts inline or in a submenu .
• Optional display of Back to My Mac hosts and local IP addresses .
• Optional disable the Bonjour browser .
• AppleScript support .
• Export / Import of custom hosts .
• Retina display support .
• Wake On Lan ( WoL ) for custom hosts .
• German , Dutch , French and Swedish localization .
How to use :
• Just select one of the displayed hosts to connect via Screen Sharing .
• Create custom hosts in the pane " My Computers " of the preference panel and choose them from a submenu ( or optional from the main menu ) .
• Enable WoL in the pane " My Computers " .
A valid hardware address ( primary Ethernet MAC - Address , format 11:22:33:44:55:66 ) must be specified .
• You can add ScreenSharingMenulet to the login items in the preference panel .
Hint :
If you want to connect temporarily to a shared host , create a new entry in the preference panel leaving the host field blank .
In this case the " Connect to Shared Computer " dialog box of Screen Sharing . app will open .
Notification Center :
By default the bonjour hosts are not shown in Notification Center when ScreenSharingMenulet is launching or the bonjour browser is restarting .
If you want to be notified about all bonjour host changes , type in Terminal .
app
defaults write com.klieme.ScreenSharingMenulet SkipBonjourNotificationOnRestart - bool NO
Wake On Lan :
As sleeping hosts do n't appear in the local hosts section , WoL is available only for custom hosts .
Automatically detected hosts in the local hosts section can be added to the custom hosts by selecting the menu item while pressing the option - key .
After sending the WoL packet the connection can take some time , ScreenSharing Menulet waits for the notification when the target host is awake .
Note : On pre Snow Leopard systems WoL works only on wired computers .
See the article About Wake on Demand to enable Wake on Demand in Snow Leopard .
AppleScript example :
tell application " ScreenSharingMenulet "
set newService to make new custom service at end of custom services with properties {host : " 111.222.333.444 " , name : " MyHost " , port:5900}
connect to newService
end tell
Known Problems :
The connection to Back to My Mac hosts is not reliable .
It depends on router hardware and firewall settings .
Even if the password is correct an error message could occur .
It has been tested with Apple Time Capsule and Apple Airport Express base stations .
Version Compatibility :
• ScreenSharingMenulet 1.7.1 and higher is compatible to Mac OS 10.6 Snow Leopard .
• ScreenSharingMenulet 2.2 and higher is compatible to Mac OS 10.7 Lion and Mac OS 10.8 Mountain Lion .
Editor 's Note : * Maybe
London , England ( CNN ) --
Researchers in Britain have been credited with cracking the age - old conundrum about the chicken and the egg .
But are they right ?
After the publication of the rather dry - sounding scientific paper , " Structural Control of Crystal Nuclei by an Eggshell Protein , " press headlines proclaimed the answer was ... the chicken .
However , one of the paper 's lead authors , Colin Freeman , from the University of Sheffield in northern England , told CNN that the result was not as conclusive as it seemed .
" I would argue that the concept of an eggshell came about way before the chicken , it 's dinosaur or even pre-dinosaur thing .
That 's something to talk to an evolutionary biologist about probably , " he said .
So how did a paper about " crystal nuclei " become proof that the chicken pre-dated the egg ?
Freeman and his team , which included colleagues from the University of Warwick , were researching a protein found in eggshells called ovocledidin - 17 .
It is also found in chickens ' ovaries , but until the team 's research its purpose was not clear .
Using Britain 's national supercomputer , a machine dubbed HECToR based in Edinburgh , Scotland , they were able to simulate the process of biomineralization , or the production of minerals or solid materials inside organisms .
It was a world first and revealed that one potential purpose of the protein ovocledidin - 17 is to speed up the production of eggshell within the chicken so that in 24 hours an egg is ready to be laid .
" What we have really identified is that the protein seems to accelerate the crystallization process so it can make that eggshell appear far quicker .
In simple terms it accelerates calcite formation , " Freeman said .
They also found that the egg can't be produced without the protein ovocledidin - 17 in the chickens ' ovaries , so that means that the chicken must have come first .
Right ?
" Obviously , it 's not really what we were trying to get out of our simulations , but it's an interesting question is n't it ? "
Freeman said .
Rather than putting an end to bickering over the true order of the egg , the researchers were trying to understand more about how shell is formed so that they can apply their findings in other disciplines , including medicine .
" The quote my colleague John Harding always says is , ' could we ever be as clever as algae ? ' "
Freeman said .
" They produce these wonderful shells that protect them in the North Sea .
That crystal structure is far in advance of anything that we as humans can create in the lab , " Freeman said , adding , " We ca n't make a human skeleton in the lab ... "
Perhaps one day they will be able to .
And perhaps one day someone will conclusively put an end to the argument -- was it the chicken or the egg ?
The Los Angeles County District Attorney 's office has expanded its probe of the city of Bell , widening the investigation from a scandal over inflated salaries to include allegations of voter fraud and possible conflicts of interest involving city businesses .
Bell City Council members have taken a lot of heat this month after it was revealed that many of them had inflated their salaries to $ 96,000 a year for part - time elected positions , with one city staff member banking nearly $ 800,000 a year .
L.A. County District Attorney Steve Cooley -- who 's also the Republican nominee for state attorney general -- said yesterday that prosecutors have been gathering information on Bell since March , but was mum on the specifics of the voter fraud and conflict of interest allegations .
He did describe the investigation as " multifaceted , rapidly expanding and full - fledged , " the Los Angeles Times reports .
According to a Times source , prosecutors are looking at absentee ballots from the March 2009 City Council elections .
That election has already drawn the interest of other investigators -- including the FBI and secretary of state -- after a former councilman and ex-police sergeant alleged voting irregularities .
The ex-councilman charged that the city 's election commissioner had falsified ballots , and the ex-officer said Bell policemen had handed out absentee ballots , told residents who to vote for , and in some cases collected the ballots .
The county D.A. 's probe was initially thought to only be targeting four Bell City Council members who were making close to $ 100,000 a year , accrued through big stipends the officials received for serving on city commissions .
Many of the commissions would reportedly hold meetings for just a few minutes a month , or in tandem with other meetings .
Cooley says his office is looking into these claims as well .
Reports of the salary inflation by the Times led to public outcry within the city of Bell , and led to several officials announcing Monday that they 'd take a 90 % pay cut .
To add to the council 's troubles , State Attorney General ( and Democratic gubernatorial nominee ) Jerry Brown has also subpoenaed documents from the city going back to 2003 , and the state 's top fiscal officer has begun a review of the city 's financial documents .
See Bell residents hit the streets in protest -->
Take a booming economy that has a growing appetite for energy and add to it a crippled energy supply line that is forever at the mercy of the elements and frequent power cuts and you will get a need for more renewable energy .
Faced with a myriad of energy problems and challenges that risk the economic expansion of this East African nation , renewable energy is the buzzword that has electrified the energy sector in Kenya .
Kenya currently has an installed energy capacity of about 1,300 MW against a demand of about 1,100 MW with more than 60 percent of energy generated coming from hydro .
This has over the last few years proved unreliable as the pangs of climate change hit closer home and the rain patterns have turned erratic .
Being a regional economic powerhouse , Kenya has been racing against time to seek out new sources of energy to power its growing economic might in the region .
Renewable energy is quickly proving to be one of the better options due to its lower costs and the availability of the natural resources needed for renewable power .
As a result of this , the Kenyan government has recently re-evaluated its power policies and is now encouraging the use of renewable energy for both industrial and domestic use .
And to help spur its development , the Kenyan government is not only offering incentives to companies to invest in renewable energy production , but it is also leading the way in a planned $ 8 billion capital injection into renewable energy generation .
Geothermal Power
According to Eddie Njoroge , the CEO of the Kenya Electricity Generating Company ( KenGen ) , Kenya has the potential to install more than 2,000 MW of renewable electricity over the next three years under the green energy initiative championed by the government .
According to Njoroge , Kenya has the potential to install about 800 MW of wind power and 500 MW of geothermal power over the next two to three years .
Other identified renewable energy sources include biomass , hydro and municipal solid waste .
The government , says the Ministry of Energy Permanent Secretary Patrick Nyoike has already singled out locations in Olkaria ( about 100 km west of Nairobi ) and Menengai , ( outside the city of Nakuru ) as suitable areas for the development of geothermal power .
Olkaria currently hosts three geothermal power plants .
Once new geothermal power plants at Olkaria and Menengai are commissioned , notes Nyoike , geothermal power capacity will increase by 490 MW .
Kenya is one of the few African countries that have successfully tapped geothermal energy .
Says Nyoike : “ Geothermal power shows great promise in Kenya , yet it has not been fully exploited as we are only producing about 200 MW against a potential of 7,000 MW [ over the long term ] . ”
According to Dr. Silas Simiyu , the CEO of government - founded Geothermal Development Company ( GDC ) ; there are at least 14 high potential sites in the expansive Rift Valley Province that have been identified for geothermal power production .
This , he says , will push down the cost of power as the GDC will sell power to the Kenya Power and Lighting Company ( KPLC ) , the firm that retails power to consumers , at a reduced price of between US $ 0.04 or 0.05 per kWh .
To get the ball rolling , the Kenyan government has allocated about Kenya Shillings ( Kes. ) 11 billion [ about US $ 137.5 million ] in fiscal year 2010 / 2011 towards the development of geothermal power in the country so as to boost installed capacity to 500 MW in three years ’ time .
Wind Power
The government is also betting big on wind power .
Already KenGen has set up a 5.1 - MW wind farm in Ngong on the southern outskirts of Nairobi , which was commissioned last September .
The company has plans to erect a second 10 - MW wind farm in the area , estimated to cost ( Kes ) 2 billion [ about US $ 25 million ] .
The government is also encouraging private companies to set up wind farms .
The African Development Bank pumped more than $ 400 million into what is set to be the biggest wind farm in Africa .
The 300 - MW wind farm will be constructed in the northern frontier district of Turkana under the Lake Turkana Wind Power Company ( LTWP ) and is set to go online by July 2012 .
According to Carlo van Wageningen the LTWP Chairman , the company intends to erect 360 wind turbines in northern Kenya each with a capacity of 850 kW .
Kenya , notes van Wageningen , possesses a huge potential to generate even more wind power .
LTWP is a Dutch consortium that has leased about 70,000 hectares in Turkana to develop the wind farm .
According to van Wageningen , the Lake Turkana region has consistent strong winds that blow year round between the Kenyan and Ethiopian Highlands at speeds exceeding 11 meters per second , something akin to “ proven reserves ” in the oil industry .
Says he : “ We have reason to believe that this region is the best for wind power generation in the world . ”
Once commissioned , LTWP will construct a 300 - mile transmission line to connect the wind farm to the national grid .
There are plans to expand the wind farm to increase generation capacity by 2,700 MW .
According to the Nairobi - based United Nations Environment Program ( UNEP ) , Kenya has the potential for up to 3,000 MW of wind , especially in the wind - rich northern frontier districts .
Besides Kenya , only Morocco and Egypt have successfully tapped wind energy in Africa .
Other Sources of Green Energy
The government is also looking at other technologies to help turn Kenya ’s energy sector fully green .
One of these technologies includes transforming the millions of tones of solid waste generated in the country into energy .
While speaking at the recent Green Energy Conference held in Nairobi , Kiraitu Murungi , Minister of Energy said that the massive solid waste generated every day in the four major metro cities of Nairobi , Mombasa , Kisumu and Nakuru could power a 100 - MW plant .
Private companies are also being encouraged by the Kenyan government to turn to green energy production for their industrial productions .
Mumias Sugar Company ( MSC ) , the largest sugar milling company in Kenya , is perhaps the best example of industrial green energy production in Kenya .
The company has installed a 34 - MW electricity plant that is fueled with byproducts from its sugar milling processes .
It uses a portion of the energy it generates in its industrial operations and sells the rest to the national grid .
According to Evans Kidero , the CEO of MSC , the company produces electricity from the sugarcane byproduct bagasse .
The sugar - belt region in western Kenya , says Kidero , possesses a huge potential of co-generation as 100 tonnes of crushed sugarcane produces more than 17 tonnes of bagasse .
Moreover , notes Kidero , the cost of co-generation from sugarcane milling is less than half the cost of generating electricity from imported petroleum and natural gas .
Energy experts agree that the rapid expansion of the Kenyan economy will require more energy to power its growth .
The Ministry of Energy estimates that Kenya will need an installed capacity of about 2000 MW to meet peak demand in the next four years .
This is expected to more than double to 4,000 MW by the 2020 .
And by 2030 this East African economy seeks to be a middle - income economic giant that is powered by green energy .
Denis Gathanju is a freelance journalist based in Africa .
Just because I ’m a mutated beast - man from Brazil does n’t mean we can’t keep our street fighting dignified !
Also seems like he ’s been hanging out with Gentleman Heavy …
Artist unknown [ via Kotaku ]
Posted by Shawn Handyside on July 7 , 2010 · 10:15 PM
Exciting News , Spuds !
New DEVO Album “ SOMETHING FOR EVERYBODY ” to Stream Exclusively in Advance of Release on Colbertnation.com Starting Today , June 10th !
DEVO to Perform Live on TV Next Week !
BURBANK , CA–( Marketwire – June 10 , 2010 ) – Electro - pop icons DEVO are pleased to announce the release of their first full - length album in 20 years , “ SOMETHING FOR EVERYBODY , ” this coming Tuesday , June 15 , 2010 .
To celebrate the album ’s release , fans can hear the album in its entirety beginning today , June 10th , exclusively at www.colbertnation.com for one week only .
This will be the first complete airing of the full album anywhere , so be sure to log in !
Then on June 16th , DEVO will perform live on Comedy Central ’s THE COLBERT REPORT that evening airing at 11:30 PM EDT / PDT and 10:30 PM CT .
Want more DEVO on your TV set ?
As previously reported , DEVO will also appear on THE LATE SHOW WITH DAVID LETTERMAN the day before — Tuesday , June 15th — the day “ SOMETHING FOR EVERYBODY ” is released .
Tune into CBS at 11:35 EDT / PDT .
But wait , there ’s more !
On June 18th , DEVO will also perform on LIVE WITH REGIS & KELLY .
Tune into ABC at 9:00 AM EDT / PDT .
You wo n’t want to miss these DEVO televised happenings so check local lists for all of the above .
Be sure to go to www.colbertnation.com starting today !
Remember , later is now !
We ’re all DEVO !
http://www.cc.com/video-clips/ak28k2/the-colbert-report-devo
||| I NOVEMBER 2007 ansatte bistandsminister Erik Solheim fire korrupsjonsjegere for å bekjempe juks med de rundt 30 milliardene norske myndigheter bevilger i bistand hvert år .
Nå har de fått sin første innrømmelse fra et land som mottar norsk bistand .
Tanzania lover nå at de skal betale tilbake 2,8 milliarder shilling , 12,4 millioner norske kroner .
Jones became a marked man ( Image : Chris Bourchier / Rex Features )
Editorial : End dirty tactics in the climate war
With inquiries into the affair now complete , Phil Jones reflects on his bruising experiences at the centre of the storm
UNTIL late November 2009 , Phil Jones was just another successful scientist – director of the Climatic Research Unit at the University of East Anglia , UK , and respected by his peers , but hardly a public figure .
That changed abruptly when a selection of emails spanning more than a decade were hacked from the CRU and placed on a public server .
The Copenhagen climate negotiations were …
Knoji reviews products and up - and - coming brands we think you 'll love .
In certain cases , we may receive a commission from brands mentioned in our guides .
Learn more .
Donkeys are often thought of in negative ways , as lazy or stubborn .
Those who keep donkeys will tell you they are extremely intelligent , and like to “ think ” before they “ do ” .
Donkeys are also very friendly and when treated well will follow their owner much like a dog follows its owner .
One of the rarest , and most unique looking donkeys is the Baudet de Poitou from France , in fact the numbers of purebred animals is estimated at less than 200 .
photo source
Physical Traits
Equus asinus , or donkeys , are members of the equine family but have many striking differences from horses .
The first being the big , long , ears .
The tail is noticeably different , having only long hairs at the bottom .
They are longer in proportion to their height than horses are .
Their withers quite a bit smaller , adding to their over all flat top line .
Donkeys have hair that is is coarser than a horse .
The hooves of a donkey are smaller and more upright than a horse , and their voice is a loud bray , rather than a neigh .
The Baudet de Poitou is a relatively large donkey , standing 13 to 15 hands high .
The most recognizable feature is their long hair , known as “ cadenette ” which hangs down like dreadlocks .
In color they are always dark brown or black , but with a white tummy and nose , as well as lighter hairs around the eyes .
They lack the dark dorsal stripe seen in most other breeds .
Their hair is a dominant trait and crossbred animals will have this feature as well .
Origin of the Baudet de Poitou Donkey
The origin of these animals is unclear although they were eventually bred in the Poitou region of France where they may have been a status symbol through the Middle Ages .
Uses
One of the most common uses for donkeys are as " beasts of burden " used to carry things through mountainous or difficult trails .
However the long hairs of this breed make placing packs , or saddles , on their backs rather awkward ( some are clipped ) .
Instead Baudet de Poitou Donkeys are used primarily for show and breeding .
At one time 30,000 Mules came from the Poitou region yearly , as animals of this cross were in such high demand as superior mules .
This fell as mules were replaced with tractors , to the point that in 1977 there were only 77 animals of this breed worldwide .
photo source
Care
Purebred Baudet de Poitou Donkeys are very expensive and nearly impossible to find , but crosses with other donkey breeds , or as mules are often sold to others , although still due to rareness they may be high priced and hard to find .
Generally donkeys are easier to care for than horses , and require far less feed .
They can live off of pasture or hay .
They rarely , if ever , require oats or grain , and if given such they are prone to foot problems ( founder ) and getting fat .
When donkeys get fat they do not show it like a horse , rather their fat accumulates in the crest of their neck , which will get so fat and heavy it falls over , much like a camels hump .
Like horses , donkeys require regular worming , vaccinations , and hoof care .
They generally do not require shoes , and should be halter trained at the very least .
In climate extremes they should be given shelter .
Many people who are not showing their Poitou Donkey will clip the long hairs off to help give them a relief from the heat , and to stop tangles from forming .
Donkeys are very smart creatures who enjoy routine .
If their owner is a tad late with the feedings , the donkey often bray for food and attention .
They do not do well with rough handling and can kick without notice or warning .
As with most donkeys , the Poitou Donkey generally dislikes dogs .
Three shaggy donkeys grazing , photo source .
Donkey Terms
Jack -
An unaltered male donkey .
Jenny or Jennet - A female donkey .
Hand -
A unit of measurement for horses and donkeys .
One hand is 4 inches , or 10 centimeters .
Bray -
The very loud raspy sound donkeys communicate with .
Gelding - Castrated male donkey .
Foal -
Young donkey under 1 year of age .
Note the strong thick legs , showing why this breed was used to breed mules for draft work .
Photo source .
Related Links
Concerns with Keeping Different Types of Livestock Together
Facts and Information on Zebras
Facts on Warmblood Horses and why they are so Expensive
Watching the news some days , you ’d think a lot of companies were run by psychopaths .
And , according to a recent study , some might well be .
One of the authors of the study was hired by companies to evaluate managers — mostly middle - aged , college - educated , white males — for a management development program .
It turns out that these managers scored higher on measures of psychopathy than the overall population , and some who had very high scores were candidates for , or held , senior positions .
In general , managers with higher scores were seen as better communicators , better strategic thinkers , and more creative .
However , they were also seen as having poor management style , not being team players , and delivering poor performance .
But , apparently , this did n’t prevent some of them from being seen as having leadership potential .
The authors conclude that “ the very skills that make the psychopath so unpleasant ( and sometimes abusive ) in society can facilitate a career in business even in the face of negative performance ratings . ”
Babiak , P. et al. , “ Corporate Psychopathy : Talking the Walk , ” Behavioral Sciences & the Law ( March / April 2010 ) .
Why women get the tough assignments
In one of the most famous lines from Shakespeare , King Henry V urges his men “ once more unto the breach . ”
Nowadays , though , it looks like women are the ones who are urged unto the breach .
British researchers analyzed data from the 2005 parliamentary elections and found that , among candidates challenging the incumbent party , women were chosen to run for seats that were seen as more difficult to win .
The researchers also conducted an experiment asking people to rate several political candidates , two of whom had essentially the same qualifications , except that one was a man and the other was a woman .
When the election was portrayed as hard to win , most people — regardless of gender — preferred the female candidate , while only a quarter preferred the female candidate when the election was portrayed as winnable .
In one of the most famous lines from Shakespeare , King Henry V urges his men “ once more unto the breach . ”
Nowadays , though , it looks like women are the ones who are urged unto the breach .
British researchers analyzed data from the 2005 parliamentary elections and found that , among candidates challenging the incumbent party , women were chosen to run for seats that were seen as more difficult to win .
The researchers also conducted an experiment asking people to rate several political candidates , two of whom had essentially the same qualifications , except that one was a man and the other was a woman .
When the election was portrayed as hard to win , most people — regardless of gender — preferred the female candidate , while only a quarter preferred the female candidate when the election was portrayed as winnable .
Ryan , M. et al. , “ Politics and the Glass Cliff : Evidence That Women Are Preferentially Selected to Contest Hard - To - Win Seats , ” Psychology of Women Quarterly ( March 2010 ) .
A touch builds confidence
If you have the Midas touch , everything you touch — figuratively , in most cases — turns to gold .
If you ’re a woman , everyone you touch — literally — goes for the gold .
In several experiments , researchers found that both men and women were more willing to take a gamble after being touched briefly on the back of the shoulder by a woman .
A regular handshake with a woman did not have the same effect , nor did touching or handshakes by men .
However , the effect was attenuated when people were feeling secure ( after writing an essay about a secure time in their lives ) .
According to the authors , “ a simple pat on the back of the shoulder — by a female — in a way that connotes support may evoke feelings that are similar to the sense of security afforded by a mother ’s comforting touch in infancy . ”
If you have the Midas touch , everything you touch — figuratively , in most cases — turns to gold .
If you ’re a woman , everyone you touch — literally — goes for the gold .
In several experiments , researchers found that both men and women were more willing to take a gamble after being touched briefly on the back of the shoulder by a woman .
A regular handshake with a woman did not have the same effect , nor did touching or handshakes by men .
However , the effect was attenuated when people were feeling secure ( after writing an essay about a secure time in their lives ) .
According to the authors , “ a simple pat on the back of the shoulder — by a female — in a way that connotes support may evoke feelings that are similar to the sense of security afforded by a mother ’s comforting touch in infancy . ”
Levav , J. & Argo , J. , “ Physical Contact and Financial Risk Taking , ” Psychological Science ( June 2010 ) .
They are n’t playing our song
One of the major grievances of people living outside the United States , especially in the developing world , is that they are at the mercy of American cultural imperialism .
To what extent is this actually true ?
Two economists at the University of Pennsylvania analyzed music singles charts around the world going back decades .
There ’s little evidence that countries are favoring foreign artists .
Moreover , language and geographical barriers are still important , notwithstanding the rise of MTV and the Internet .
Each country ’s share of music in the global market is roughly proportional to the size of its economy .
In fact , Sweden , Canada , Finland , the United Kingdom , and New Zealand contribute more to the global music market , relative to the size of their economies , than the United States .
One of the major grievances of people living outside the United States , especially in the developing world , is that they are at the mercy of American cultural imperialism .
To what extent is this actually true ?
Two economists at the University of Pennsylvania analyzed music singles charts around the world going back decades .
There ’s little evidence that countries are favoring foreign artists .
Moreover , language and geographical barriers are still important , notwithstanding the rise of MTV and the Internet .
Each country ’s share of music in the global market is roughly proportional to the size of its economy .
In fact , Sweden , Canada , Finland , the United Kingdom , and New Zealand contribute more to the global music market , relative to the size of their economies , than the United States .
Ferreira , F. & Waldfogel , J. , “ Pop Internationalism : Has A Half Century of World Music Trade Displaced Local Culture ? ” National Bureau of Economic Research ( May 2010 ) .
Can I have a few minutes to myself ?
There ’s no “ I ” in team , and , unfortunately , there may not be as many good ideas in a team either .
A recent study found that a hybrid individual - team process generates better ideas than a purely team process .
Students in an upper - level product design class at the University of Pennsylvania were asked to generate ideas for two different kinds of products .
For one kind of product , they brainstormed and selected ideas in teams .
For the other kind of product , they worked separately as individuals before coming together into teams .
The resulting ideas for both kinds of products were then assessed independently by MBA students and potential customers .
The hybrid process generated significantly more and better ideas .
There ’s no “ I ” in team , and , unfortunately , there may not be as many good ideas in a team either .
A recent study found that a hybrid individual - team process generates better ideas than a purely team process .
Students in an upper - level product design class at the University of Pennsylvania were asked to generate ideas for two different kinds of products .
For one kind of product , they brainstormed and selected ideas in teams .
For the other kind of product , they worked separately as individuals before coming together into teams .
The resulting ideas for both kinds of products were then assessed independently by MBA students and potential customers .
The hybrid process generated significantly more and better ideas .
Girotra , K. et al. , “ Idea Generation and the Quality of the Best Idea , ” Management Science ( April 2010 ) .
Kevin Lewis is an Ideas columnist .
He can be reached at kevin.lewis.ideas@gmail.com .
© Copyright 2010 Globe Newspaper Company .
​ If you were an American pothead in the 1970s , you probably smoked some of Robert Platshorn ’s weed .
His organization brought in tons of fine Colombian when it was considered some of the best pot in the world .
And that ’s the reason Platshorn later became the longest serving marijuana prisoner in U.S. history , doing 29 years inside the federal prison system .
Much of the primo Colombian flooding the U.S. marijuana market in the late 70s could be traced back to the Black Tuna Gang , a major smuggling ring which once brought 500 tons of pot into the United States over a 16 - month period .
I remember well the sweet , potent buds of Santa Marta Gold that were available in 1977 and 1978 .
Possessed of a soaring sativa high and mind - blowing expansion in the lungs , this ‘ lombo weed became the gold standard of connoisseur pot to a generation of appreciative stoners .
To this day , I think of Colombian weed every time I hear Rush or Blue Öyster Cult .
Black Tuna Diaries
​ The Black Tuna Gang ran an elaborate operation , complete with electronically equipped trucks used to maintain contact with the freighters and to monitor law enforcement .
But the law of averages inevitably and eventually asserts itself .
Caught in the first - ever joint DEA / FBI investigation into pot smuggling , Platshorn became the first major marijuana smuggler to pull down a big federal sentence .
On May 1 , 1979 , Attorney General Griffin Bell called a press conference in Washington , D.C. , to announce the arrest and indictment of the Black Tuna Gang .
Bell called the Tunas the “ slickest , most sophisticated pot smugglers of the 70s . ”
The DEA would later claim the Black Tuna Gang brought in between one million and three million pounds of high - grade grass and made more than $ 300 million .
Dubbed by the prosecutor as the “ Black Tuna ” himself , Platshorn was convicted in a highly publicized “ marijuana conspiracy ” trial .
The Tuna was sentenced to an incredible 64 years in prison : consecutive terms of 31 years parolable and 33 years non-parolable .
​ Despite being a first offender with no history of violence , the government cited “ broad publicity ” as a good reason to ship Platshorn off to federal prison , where he became the longest - serving pot prisoner in American history , doing a blistering 29 years in the federal pen before finally being released in 2008 .
Black Tuna Diaries : The True Story of America ’s Most Notorious Marijuana Smuggler , you ’ll feel as if you are right there in the cockpit with Robert as he flies in a load of Colombia ’s finest .
If you ’ve ever wanted an inside look at the halcyon pot smuggling scene of the 1970s , Platshorn can definitely hook you up .
When you read his riveting book , , you ’ll feel as if you are right there in the cockpit with Robert as he flies in a load of Colombia ’s finest .
Platshorn ’s well - written book — started while he was still in prison — tells the fascinating story of his life , from his Philadelphia upbringing to his years as an actor , a well - known pitchman , successful entrepreneur , and big game fisherman , all the way to the nation ’s top marijuana smuggler .
The last section of the book deals with his 29 years in the federal prison system .
Graphic : DEA
​ While the story of the Tunas can still be found on the DEA ’s website — with the group ’s demise touted as one of the agency ’s great victories — many insiders say the Black Tuna Gang is in fact the emblem of the feds ’ ultimate defeat in the War On Marijuana .
Since his release , Platshorn has become involved in cannabis activism .
He has returned to work as a pitchman , spoken to legalization groups , and has helped petition for medical marijuana in Florida .
Robert is an inspiring example of resolute refusal to give up hope .
In 2009 , he remarried his high school sweetheart , Lynne .
Toke of the Town was lucky enough to get an exclusive interview with Platshorn , whose book Black Tuna Diaries is now available in both hardback ( $ 29.95 ) and paperback ( $ 19.95 ) editions .
was lucky enough to get an exclusive interview with Platshorn , whose bookis now available in both hardback ( $ 29.95 ) and paperback ( $ 19.95 ) editions .
…….
​ Toke of the Town : You were there when Santa Marta Gold took the American weed market by storm .
How good was it ?
How would it compare to today ’s strains ?
Was the genetic legacy of those plants preserved ?
Platshorn : I brought in most of the real Santa Marta Gold that hit these shores back in the late 1970s .
Santa Marta is a built - up area , so only a limited amount was grown — mostly by friends of mine .
It was as potent and tasty as anything grown today .
A very UP high .
So sticky that one or two tokes would clog the doobie .
Makes you wanna dance .
When I appeared recently as panelist at the Cannabis Cup in San Francisco , a grower and geneticist in California told me that he went to the Colombian coast , but could find no trace of the Gold .
I think I know who may still be growing a small amount for personal use .
Toke of the Town :
Is any marijuana being commercially grown in Colombia anymore ?
Platshorn : Marijuana is still grown and consumed in Colombia .
It ’s sold openly in most cities .
It ’s tolerated for Colombian citizens , but not for foreigners .
Toke of the Town :
What are the biggest misconceptions people have about the life of a 1970s marijuana smuggler ?
Platshorn :
There are two misconceptions .
The first is that we all got rich .
A big piece of government misinformation .
Like any business , most fail .
The second misconception is that it was easy to smuggle into South Florida back in the day .
The reality is that there were thousands of police , DEA , FBI , Coast Guard , military , and CIA agents who were
having a field day catching pot smugglers .
The government was using planes , boats , radar and hundreds of informants .
It was like shooting fish in a barrel .
Photo : Trip Advisor ​
Toke of the Town :
What do you consider the highlight of your smuggling career ?
The low point ?
Platshorn :
The highlight of my smuggling career was being at the controls of a sweet old DC - 3 , flying into a clandestine mountain airstrip as the sun was coming up over the Colombian Andes .
Black Tuna Diaries .
The low point was being captured by the Colombian Army .
It ’s all in the opening chapter of my book ,
Toke of the Town :
You served more time for weed — 29 years — than any other American pot prisoner ( although some lifers will eventually break your record ) .
That ’s a big chunk of life that was stolen from you .
How do you avoid bitterness about all those stolen years ?
How do you maintain a positive mental attitude ?
Photo : The Reputation Doctor ​ Platshorn : I ca n’t afford to waste what is left of my life being bitter .
I look forward , not back .
I left prison dead broke and , like everyone who served a long sentence , I get very little Social Security .
Sales of my book pay for my cannabis activism .
I need to earn enough for a small house and a modest retirement fund .
When Square Grouper , the documentary based in part on my book , is released , I ’m hoping for a lucrative TV or movie deal .
In the meantime , I ’m scraping out a living speaking and doing book signings .
Toke of the Town : Some of our readers , unfortunately , may find themselves in the position of having to serve some time .
What is the most important advice you can give them ?
Platshorn :
For your readers headed for the slammer : Trust nobody !
Convicts know how to con and exploit new fish .
Keep your mouth shut .
Tell NO ONE anything about your business , and especially nothing about your FAMILY .
Toke of the Town :
What ’s the most important thing you wish people would remember about marijuana ?
What ’s the most important thing you wish people would remember about Robert Platshorn ?
Photo : New Criminologist ​ Platshorn :
The unstated moral of my story is the waste of a valuable life caused by our irrational marijuana laws .
Long before I was a smuggler , I was a successful businessman , TV pitchman and writer .
I founded the largest chain of commercial schools in Europe , was the second largest distributor of Breyers ice cream in America , and owned a wholesale auto auction in Miami .
I paid a fortune in taxes and employed more than a hundred people .
All gone , not to mention the devastation to my family .
Toke of the Town :
Are there any more books in the works ?
Do you still have smuggling stories you ’d like to tell ?
Platshorn : I had to hold back on many good stories when I finalized the manuscript for Black Tuna Diaries .
As it is , my book is a bit longer than average .
The story of the indictment , the informers , the six bizarre trials and our conviction will be the subject of my next book .
Many people have asked me to do a book on my 17 years as a pitchman on the Atlantic City Boardwalk , home shows , fairs and on TV .
A sample of these adventures is in Black Tuna Diaries and I have enough to fill another book or two .
As you know if you ’ve seen the back cover of my book , the late , great pitchman Billy Mays claimed that I was “ a legend in the pitch business . ”
Watch for upcoming articles by me in High Times and High Times Medical Marijuana .
Both are about Irv Rosenfeld , one of the four remaining patients who receive medical marijuana from the federal government .
Final Four ! Final Four !
Final Four !
After more than three weeks of voting , we ’ve winnowed down the contenders from 64 to 4 for the title of Ultimate Chuck Guest Star .
One of these people will take the crown , but it ’s up to you to decide which one !
Read how the contenders were determined here .
The winner of each bracket will …
THE DISCONNECT BETWEEN HAWKS AND DEFICIT HAWKS ….
The price tag on the defense appropriations bill approved by the House last week was pretty stunning : $ 726 billion .
It ’s far higher than the totals from the Bush / Cheney administration because , when Republicans were in charge , they played budget games and funded the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan separately .
Given the enormous amount of money going to the Pentagon — we now spend about as much on defense as every other country on the planet combined — Paul Waldman raises a good question .
[ W ] here are all those “ fiscal conservatives ” who said that it just cost too darn much to extend unemployment benefits ?
That we have to live within our means , and stop borrowing money ?
That the government needs fiscal discipline ?
That the deficit is a time bomb that will obliterate us all ?
Where were they ?
Nowhere .
They ’re quite happy to borrow hundreds of billions to spend on defense , because they just happen to like spending money on defense .
They do n’t find unemployment benefits , or health care , or any of a hundred other things we could spend money on to be particularly worthy , but instead of just saying so , they say , “ Well , we ’d love to , but we just ca n’t afford it . ”
You ca n’t call yourself a “ deficit hawk ” if the only programs you want to cut are the ones you do n’t like anyway .
Well said .
It ’s a reminder that when Republicans block domestic spending on areas like extended unemployment insurance , what we ’re seeing is a reflection of priorities — the already - enormous Pentagon budget is important ( even if it means funding programs the Defense Department does n’t want ) and struggling families are n’t .
It ’s also a reminder that Republican talk about fiscal responsibility is a shallow scam .
Putting aside the fact that GOP interest in the issue is quite new — these are , after all , the same Republican officials who added $ 5 trillion to the debt in just eight years — it ’s also incredibly narrow .
They want to reduce the deficit , but if you raise the prospect of tax increases , now that tax rates are at their lowest rates since the days of Harry Truman , they balk .
They want to get spending under control , but if you even mention modest cuts to the breathtaking Pentagon budget , the GOP looks for a fainting couch .
Meanwhile , with European countries embracing austerity measures , what ’s on the chopping block ?
Their defense budgets , of course .
Prominent conservative voices like to say that we should do what Greece and others in Europe are doing , and look to scale back dramatically , but they ’re apparently hoping we do n’t pay too close attention to the kind of measures getting cut .
Defense Secretary Robert Gates has said , publicly and repeatedly , that the United States can’t keep spending such vast amounts of money on the military indefinitely .
If conservative deficit hawks are inclined to agree , now would be a good time to say so .
Update : Bruce Bartlett had some interesting analysis on this issue last week .
There are some 26 candidates registered to run for mayor of Toronto .
Mainline media has chosen to listen to six of them , discarding the rest as unworthy of our attention .
It ’s not that we ’ve examined them all , interviewed them , tested their ideas and found them wholly untried and , as such , only six are suitable for the most rigorous of test during a 10 - month election campaign .
No , with some fairly weak criteria , we ’ve lazily made our choices and told the electorate these are the ones worth considering .
We ’ve fallen back on our experience , which teaches that among the 26 are kooks and crazies , bigots and dumbbells , mad egomaniacal attention - seekers who can barely get themselves out of bed .
And , as such , we blithely ignore all but the established candidates .
So , now , at all - candidate meetings for the mayoral hopefuls , only six are given a place at the podium .
The rest are shut out as debate conveners cite a variety of reasons , most of them uncomfortably stated .
The truth is , we find it inconvenient to examine all the registrants .
A mayoral debate becomes too cumbersome when opened up to all comers .
“ The three - ring circus would become a ( 26 ) - ring circus , ” says Ryerson University professor Myer Siemiatycki .
“ It ’d be totally unproductive and clearly not feasible . ”
So , we attach a stamp of approval on a few of them , using some imperfect criteria .
To wit , if you are a city councillor then you are automatically given a pass to credibility — no matter your views .
How else to explain that Giorgio Mammoliti is given access to the debate podium night after night , while better equipped representatives are held at bay ?
I know that from just talking to the other Rocco in the race , the rejected one , the young lawyer whose reasoned positions have not been heard , much less digested .
Where Mammoliti sounds like a shrill , even irresponsible , publicity hound — proposing to arm bylaw enforcement officers , impose curfew , setting up red - light districts and gambling dens to pay for municipal services — Rocco Achampong , 31 , sounds more like a mayor of a sophisticated city .
But few even know the candidate exists .
“ Opinion makers have decided he ’s untested , not from the established political class , and said , ‘ We wo n’t even give him an audience , ’ says Achampong , the other Rocco .
“ I do n’t know if that is fair .
Before I dismiss anyone , at least , I give them a voice .
“ It ’s been a humbling process .
I ’ve never been simply ignored .
I ’ve always been a very serious individual .
I expected you guys would say , ‘ You are too young .
You are unsuited intellectually . ’
I thought you would seek a credible basis to reject someone . ”
It ’s not all ad hoc , of course .
Rob Ford , Joe Pantalone , George Smitherman and Mammoliti get an automatic pass because they ’ve been elected by a constituency and have a public record .
Rocco Rossi headed up the Liberal Party of Canada , and , as such , has some bona fides .
Sarah Thomson ?
That ’s a bit more difficult , as she has no public record of note .
But she is female .
The selection does n’t seem rigorous enough , though .
Rather , it seems skewed towards the status quo — another means of shutting out new blood .
The Star will no doubt sponsor a mayoral debate this fall .
And the question will again emerge : Who to invite ?
Talking with Professor Siemiatycki , the idea came up to “ give one of the others a chance to distinguish themselves from the pack . ”
How about staging a pre-debate “ playoff ” with all the “ fringe ’ candidates and send the winner to the main debate to go up against the chosen ones ?
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Not perfect , but it is an improvement .
I feel better already .
Royson James usually appears Tuesday , Thursday and Saturday .
Email : rjames@thestar.ca
Not Sure Which Health Sciences Program Is Right for You ?
A good place to start is to ask yourself what aspects of healthcare interest you most and the type of allied health professional you 'd like to become .
If you want to work directly with patients , you may be interested in Health Sciences courses to build skills for a Medical Assisting , Medical Lab Technician , Pharmacy Technician , Physical Therapist Assistant , Radiologic Technology or Surgical Technologist role .
Or , if you are interested in working indirectly with patients , but still want to help improve patient care , you can pursue a degree in Health Information Management , Health Information Technician , Health Sciences , Medical Administrative Assistant and Medical Billing and Coding .
If you ’ve always been interested in social wellness , our Human Services and Health and Wellness programs may be a great fit for you .
Still have questions ?
An admissions advisor can help
三洋電機は7月13日、米から手軽にパンを作れるホームベーカリー「GOPAN」（ゴパン）を10月8日に発売すると発表した。オープン価格で、実売予想価格は5万円前後。
米を水にひたして柔らかくした上で、粉砕・ペースト化。こねて発酵させ、焼成してパンを作れる。従来のホームベーカリーと同様、小麦のパンも焼ける。サイズは354（幅）×278（奥行き）×387（高さ）ミリ、重さは約11キロ。
同社はこれまで、米粉からパンを作る「米粉ベーカリー」を販売してきたが、米粉は流通量が少なく比較的高価。米粉より手ごろな米粒からパンを作る商品の開発にも取り組んでいたが、米は硬度が高いため、粉砕するには大規模な機器が必要という課題があった。
そこで同社は、米粉パンを作る際、米粉を水に漬ける過程がある点に着目。あらかじめ米を水に漬けて柔らかくしてから砕き、ペースト状にする「米ペースト製法」を開発することで、製品化にこぎ着けた。米を砕くための高回転数のモーターと、生地をこねるための低回転数のモーターを1つの回転軸で実現することにも成功した。米からパンを作れるホームベーカリーの製品化は世界初という。
製品のニュースリリースには、農林水産省の佐々木隆博
大臣政務官もコメントを寄せており、「お米からパンができるホームベーカリーは、米の新しい消費のしかたを提案する。食料自給率の向上の観点からも大いに期待している」などと期待を述べている。
More strikes hit auto plants in China
By Peter Symonds
26 June 2010
Further strikes in auto parts suppliers in China this week halted production at major assembly plants owned by Toyota , Nissan and Honda in the southern coastal province of Guangdong .
The stoppages are part of a wave of industrial unrest that has hit major auto producers since mid-May , triggering concerns in ruling circles in China and internationally .
Hundreds of workers at Denso ( Guangzhou Nansha ) , owned by a Toyota affiliate , stopped work on Monday , demanding a monthly pay rise of 800 yuan ( $ US118 ) , the right to establish an independent trade union and a promise of no victimisations .
Monthly wages for most employees are between 1,100 and 1,300 yuan .
A government press release claimed that only 200 workers were involved , but workers insisted that around half of Denso ’s workforce of 1,200 had joined the stoppage .
As the strike continued , Toyota was forced to suspend production on Tuesday at its large assembly plant in Guangdong , GAC Toyota Motor , which has an annual output of about 360,000 cars .
Denso is the main supplier of fuel injection and other components for car makers in China , including Toyota , Honda and Volkswagen .
“ If this is going to drag on , it will have a radiating impact on carmakers even in northern China , such as Toyota in Tianjin and Hyundai in Beijing , as we are the first - level suppliers , ” a young worker told the South China Morning Post .
Negotiations began on Wednesday after striking workers elected 20 representatives .
The strikers reentered the factory , clocked on and donned uniforms but refused to carry out any work .
Guangzhou Honda general manager Zeng Qinghong , who is also a deputy in the country ’s National People ’s Congress , was brought in to mediate , but talks dragged on into Thursday .
Denso workers finally returned to work after management agreed to across - the - board pay rises of 800 - 900 yuan a month .
Production is due to resume at Toyota ’s Guangzhou assembly plant next week .
Honda was hit by another strike in a parts supplier when workers at NHK - UNI Spring ( Guangzhou ) stopped work on Tuesday demanding a rise in their monthly salaries from 1,200 to 1,700 yuan and an increase in their end of year bonuses from 1,200 to 6,800 yuan .
The plant , which is jointly owned by Japan ’s NHK Spring and a Taiwanese firm , produces suspension springs and stabilisers .
The strike again compelled Honda to halt production on Wednesday at its two assembly plants in Guangdong .
The company had been affected by a series of strikes that began with a two - week stoppage last month at its transmission plant in Foshan .
That stoppage spread to another auto parts plant in the same city , Honda Lock in Zhongshan , and last week to the Wuhan Auto Parts Alliance .
Honda ’s sales and production figures for May slumped badly .
According to figures announced this week , production was down by 37 percent compared to April .
Honda ’s mainland sales dropped by 10 percent , year - on - year , compared to industry - wide growth of 33 percent in mainland car sales .
JP Morgan analysts estimated that lost production of around 20,000 vehicles would cost Honda ’s mainland business about 12 billion yen ( $ US134 million ) in operating profits .
The NHK - UNI Spring strike also forced Nissan to halt output at its plant in Guangzhou for two hours .
Production at the parts plant resumed on Thursday but there are no reports on the basis of the settlement .
A number of media reports have speculated that the Chinese regime is tacitly permitting the strikes as means of raising wages and thus domestic consumption .
An article in Thursday ’s New York Times commented : “ China ’s move this week to make its currency , the renminbi , more flexible and the authorities ’ apparent tolerance of recent factory strikes that have led to significant wages increases both signal that Chinese leaders could be serious about re-engineering the nation ’s [ export - driven ] economic model . ”
Beijing is closely watching the industrial unrest and has placed the police on heightened alert .
The authorities are particularly nervous that striking workers have denounced the state - run All China Federation of Trade Unions ( ACFTU ) and are raising demands to elect their own representatives and establish independent unions , which are illegal under Chinese law .
The ACFTU is notorious as an industrial police force for government and private corporations .
The South China Morning
Post pointed out : “ Trade union staff are civil servants on the government ’s payroll , and even union representatives in private companies — such as Honda Lock in Zhongshan — tend to be senior company executives . ”
Professor Lin Yanling of the China Institute of Industrial relations told the newspaper that the unions ’ priority was not workers ’ welfare .
“ The law has given them the responsibility of protecting the interests of workers , but in reality trade unions are entrusted by the [ Chinese Communist ] party and the government to maintain social stability .
So this matters more to them . ”
According to the Beijing - backed Hong Kong newspaper Ta Kung Pao , the Guangdong Federation of Trade Unions has tentatively proposed a pilot scheme to allow Honda workers in Foshan to elect their own union leaders , subject to annual review .
The plan , if it proceeds , is aimed a co-opting a layer of militant workers as a means of containing what is at present a relatively limited strike movement and preventing the emergence of a political movement against the government .
At the same time , the regime ’s repressive methods are already evident .
Police were deployed in the northern city of Tianjin after strikes broke out in two Toyota - affiliated plants and threatened to affect production at the huge Tianjin FAW Toyota Motor assembly plant .
As a strike at the Tianjin Toyodo Gosei parts plant spread on June 17 , at least 200 police officers entered the factory grounds at around 10 p.m. and gave around 300 strikers three minutes to leave the factory floor .
One witness told the South China Morning Post that when workers did not comply the police began shoving them toward the doors .
He saw two women dragged to the door , one by her ponytail , and the other with hands locked behind her .
The newspaper reported : “ About 16 workers were taken away by police that night , and the rest of the workers sat outside the factory until 10 a .m. the next day , demanding the release of their colleagues , the witness said . ”
Police cars patrolled the area on Sunday and Monday and roadblocks were established on the four roads leading to the factory .
At least two reporters were escorted from the area on Monday .
The auto strikes are not the only labour protests and stoppages in China .
The South China Morning
Post reported today that hundreds of laid off and retired state factory workers had just ended a week - long protest in Shanxi , demanding compensation from the local government for unpaid wages and benefits .
The former employees of four state - owned factories gathered every morning at the front gate of the Jiexiu city government building , blocking traffic .
Feng Cai , 70 , told the newspaper that she had worked at her factory for 40 years before it was declared bankrupt in 2001 .
The workers accuse the management of significantly undervaluing the factory ’s assets , greatly reducing the compensation they received .
Feng said that some of her former colleagues received as little as 240 yuan a month and could not even afford to pay for meals .
Millions of workers have lost their jobs over the past two decades as the Chinese government has sold off , restructured or shut down state - owned enterprises .
Although the police carefully monitor all signs of social unrest , Beijing does not release statistics on strikes and protests .
According to a report by the China Labour Bulletin based in Hong Kong , there were about 127,000 protests in China in 2008 , of which about one third were estimated to be labour - related .
The latest strikes have caused tremors in Beijing and internationally and received widespread media coverage because they have impacted on major foreign - owned corporations in a key industry and are a harbinger of a broader movement of the country ’s huge working class .
Two things stand out from the street riots and subsequent police actions that swept downtown Toronto last weekend .
The first is the state blatantly abused its powers .
Summits legitimately require security ; but in this one , governments went over the top .
The federal government transformed the city ’s downtown into a no - go zone .
The provincial government secretly passed new regulations to give police extraordinary search and seizure powers and then , when citizens found out , pretended that it had n’t .
The police used their authority to prevent breaches of the peace as an excuse to jail citizens who were committing no crimes
The second is that most people do n’t care .
Polls show that more than 70 per cent of Torontonians approve of these abuses .
For that we can thank the small group of rioters who burned police cars and smashed store windows last Saturday .
The logic behind those actions ( and yes there is a logic ) flows from the theory that capitalism is based on violence , albeit violence that is usually veiled .
By provoking the state , this intrinsic violence will be revealed , thereby radicalizing the population against both capitalism and the state .
The problem with this theory , as the Red Brigades and other left - wing terrorists found in the 1970s , is that such provocations drive the general population to authoritarianism , not revolution .
Faced with a choice between order and civil liberties , people almost invariably choose order .
Think the Nazis in 1930s Germany ; think the PATRIOT Act in post 9/11 America .
In last weekend ’s brouhaha , governments and the so - called anarchists fed on and supported one another .
By threatening to disrupt the summit , the anarchists ensured that the fence would be built .
By building the fence , the government ensured that the anarchists would try to attack it .
Each side kept upping the ante until the events of last weekend became almost inevitable .
In the end , the violence that always lies behind state authority did show itself to those who had assumed they were immune .
Andrew MacIsaac , a 24 - year - old lawyer observing the demonstrations for the Law Union , was swept up by police early Sunday morning and held at the Eastern Ave. detention centre for almost 20 hours .
He tells a now - familiar story .
MacIsaac says he and others in the peaceful protest were arrested under the broad authority of police to detain those they think might be about to engage in a breach of the peace .
He was not permitted to contact a lawyer ; he was kept handcuffed in a cage with others .
He was given two cheese sandwiches over the period and three styrofoam cups of water .
The open portable toilet in his cage had no toilet paper ( MacIsaac tore off part of his shirt sleeve to help a fellow inmate ) ; he was never formally notified of the charges — if any — levied against him .
In police state terms , this is relatively minor .
MacIsaac was n’t chained in stress positions , as he might have been at Guantanamo Bay .
Nor was he flayed with rubber cables , as he might have been in Egypt .
But what ’s interesting is that some of the elements of classic authoritarian detention were there , albeit in embryonic forms .
He was kept deliberately disoriented ; usually , he did n’t know what time it was .
He was kept uncomfortable ; the combination of bound wrists and concrete floor made it impossible for him to sleep .
His sense of self - worth was undermined by an array of minor indignities such as the lack of toilet paper .
In particular , he was kept isolated from the outside world .
Requests to call a lawyer were never formally denied , just put off to some undefined and never - reached point in the future .
At one point , an official in plain - clothes told him that the federal government had declared martial law .
When he was released , MacIsaac phoned his mother ( it was her birthday ) .
Then , in what may be a fitting epitaph for the entire Toronto G20 Summit disaster , he describes what he did next .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
“ I took a cab home and I wept . ”
Thomas Walkom 's column appears Wednesday and Saturday .
I totally scored this Arbitrary day .
There were some small cool bits like Nintendo Power mints , Space Invaders air freshener , Batman bumper sticker , etc .
What takes the cake though is the knitted Reddit alien hat .
My 7.5 mo old son loved me wearing it !
I really scored this Arbitrary day thanks to an awesome fellow Redditor !
Documents about how the legal case for the Iraq war was formulated by the Blair government seven years ago were made public yesterday , revealing the grave doubts of the Attorney General over impending military action .
The drafts of legal advice and letters sent to the Prime Minister by Lord Goldsmith had been kept secret despite repeated calls for them to be published .
Yesterday they were released by the Chilcot Inquiry into the war , after the head of the Civil Service , Sir Gus O'Donnell , stated that the " long - standing convention " for such documents to be kept confidential had to be waived because the issue of the legality of the Iraq war had a " unique status " .
It had been known that Lord Goldsmith had initially advised the government that an attack on Iraq would not be legal without a fresh United Nations resolution .
However , just before the US - led invasion he presented a new set of opinions saying that a new resolution was not needed after all .
Tony Blair appeared to show his irritation with the warnings over military actions , saying in a handwritten note : " I just do not understand this . "
In another note , a Downing Street aide said : " We do not need further advice on this matter . "
In the documents released yesterday , Lord Goldsmith repeatedly stated that an invasion without a fresh UN resolution would be illegal , and warned against using Saddam Hussein 's supposed WMD ( weapons of mass destruction ) as a reason for attack .
Two months later , in autumn 2002 , Downing Street published a dossier that stressed the alleged WMD threat in an attempt to boost public support for war .
In a letter to Mr Blair on 30 July 2002 , marked " Secret and Strictly personal – UK Eyes only " , Lord Goldsmith stated : " In the absence of a fresh resolution by the Security Council which would at least involve a new determination of a material and flagrant breach [ by Iraq ] military action would be unlawful .
Even if there were such a resolution , but one which did not explicitly authorise the use of force , it would remain highly debatable whether it legitimised military action – but without it the position is , in my view , clear . "
In his letter , copied to the then Foreign Secretary , Jack Straw , and Defence Secretary Geoff Hoon , the Attorney General warned that any form of military assistance offered to the US , however limited , such as " the use of UK bases , the provision of logistical or other support ... would all engage the UK 's responsibility under international law .
We would therefore need to be satisfied in all cases as to the legality of the use of force . "
Lord Goldsmith continued : " The development of WMD is not in itself sufficient to indicate such imminence .
On the basis of the material which I have been shown ... there would not be any grounds for regarding an Iraqi use of WMD as imminent . "
Successive inquiries into the Iraq war , by Lord Hutton , Lord Butler and now Sir John Chilcot , have heard repeated claims that Lord Goldsmith was subsequently persuaded to change his advice into the legality of military action by Mr Blair and members of his government .
In January 2003 Mr Blair met President Bush at the White House .
The Prime Minister 's foreign policy adviser , Sir David Manning , wrote a memo paraphrasing Mr Bush 's comments at the meeting as : " The start date for the military campaign was now pencilled for 10th March .
This was when the bombing would begin . "
In a letter to Mr Blair dated 30 January 2003 , after the UN had passed another resolution on Iraq , 1441 , Lord Goldsmith wrote : " In view of your meeting with President Bush on Friday , I thought you might wish to know whether a further decision of the Security Council is legally required in order to authorise the use of force against Iraq . "
The letter marked " secret " continued : " I remain of the view that the correct legal interpretation of Resolution 1441 is that it does not authorise the use of military force without a further determination by the Security Council . "
Lord Goldsmith concluded : " I have not copied this minute further . "
The Attorney General sent a draft advice to Mr Blair dated 12 February 2003 after he had consulted US officials .
He said : " It is clear that Resolution 1441 does not expressly authorise the use of force .
It follows that resolution may only be relied on as providing the legal basis for military action if it has the effect of reviving the authorisation to use force contained in Resolution 678 ( 1990 ) " – when Iraq was adjudged by the UN to have flouted previous resolutions .
But the Attorney General stressed " it is clear that the [ Security ] Council did not intend the authorisation in Resolution 678 should revive immediately following the adoption of Resolution 1441 . "
He continued : " The language of 1441 is not clear and the statements made on adoption of the resolution suggests there were differences of views within the Council .
The safest legal course would be to secure the adoption of the further Council decision . "
Lord Goldsmith continued : " If action were to be taken without a further Security Council decision , particularly if the UK had tried to and failed to secure the adoption of a second resolution , I would expect the Government to be accused of acting unlawfully . "
The Attorney General was told to provide clarification of his advice by the Government and the final version was delivered to Cabinet on 7 March 2003 , days before the invasion .
Lord Goldsmith had decided a new resolution was not needed , after all , to justify war .
* Tony Blair was named winner of the prestigious Liberty Medal last night by America 's National Constitution Centre for " his steadfast commitment to conflict resolution " in Northern Ireland and the Middle East .
Legal advice : What Attorney General said before the Blair - Bush summit ...
30.07.02 : Goldsmith 's advice to the Prime Minister
" The key issue here is whether an attack is imminent .
The development of WMD is not in itself sufficient to indicate such imminence .
On the basis of the material which I have been shown – and I appreciate that there may be other documentation which I have not seen – there would not be any grounds for regarding an Iraqi use of WMD as imminent .
" My view therefore is that in the absence of a fresh resolution by the Security Council which would at least involve a new determination of a material and flagrant breach , military action would be unlawful .
Even if there were such a resolution , but one which did not explicitly authorise the use of force , it would remain highly debatable whether it legitimised military action – but without it the position is , in my view , clear . "
14.01.03 : Attorney General 's advice to the PM , after Resolution 1441 is passed by the UN
" It is clear that Resolution 1441 contains no express authorisation by the Security Council for the use of force .
" However , the authorisation to use force contained in Resolution 678 ( 1990 ) may revive where the Security Council has stated that there has been a breach of the ceasefire conditions imposed on Iraq by Resolution 687 ( 1991 ) .
" But the revival argument will not be defensible if the Council has made it clear either that action short of the use of force should be taken to ensure compliance with the terms of the ceasefire .
In conclusion therefore , my opinion is that Resolution 1441 does not revive the authorisation to use of force contained in Resolution 678 in the absence of a further decision of the Security Council . "
18.10.02 : Record of Attorney General 's telephone conversation with the Foreign Secretary
" The Attorney explained that he was concerned by reports he had received that the Prime Minister had indicated to President Bush that he would join them in acting without a second Security Council decision if Iraq did not comply with the terms of a resolution in the terms of the latest US draft .
In the Attorney 's view , OP10 of the current draft would not be sufficient to authorise the use of force without a second resolution .
" The Foreign Secretary explained the political dimension .
He was convinced that the strategy of standing shoulder to shoulder with the US was right politically .
It was also important to obtain a decent Security Council resolution .
" The Attorney understood and endorsed the politics behind the Government 's approach .
It was obviously important to get Bush on side behind a second UN resolution .
He was not concerned about what Ministers said externally , up to a point .
The Government must , however , not fall into the trap of believing that it was in a position to take action which it could not take .
Nor must HMG promise the US government that it can do things which the Attorney considers to be unlawful . "
Letter to the Prime Minister – 30.01.2003 ( Day before meeting with Bush in White House . )
" In view of your meeting with President Bush on Friday , I thought you might wish to know where I stand on the question of whether a further decision of the Security Council is legally required in order to authorise the use of force against Iraq .
" You should be aware that , notwithstanding the additional arguments put to me since our last discussion , I remain of the view that the correct legal interpretation of Resolution 1441 is that it does not authorise the use of military force without a
further determination by the Security Council . "
NB : later handwritten on top of note : " Specifically said we did not need further advice this week – Matthew 31/1 . "
( No 10 aide , Matthew Rycroft )
... and afterwards
12.02.03 : Goldsmith draft legal advice , after Blair meeting with Bush , and after Goldsmith 's meetings with Jeremy Greenstock ( UK ambassador to the United Nations )
" Since our meeting on 14 January I have had the benefit of discussions with the Foreign Secretary and Sir Jeremy Greenstock , who have given me valuable background information on the negotiating history of Resolution 1441 .
In addition , I have also had the opportunity to hear the views of the US Administration from their perspective as co-sponsors of the resolution .
" Having regard to the arguments of our co-sponsors which I heard in Washington , I am prepared to accept that a reasonable case can be made that Resolution 1441 revives the authorisation to use force in Resolution 678 .
" However , if action were to be taken without a further Security Council decision , particularly if the UK had tried and failed to secure the adoption of a second resolution , I would expect the Government to be accused of acting unlawfully .
Therefore , if these circumstances arise , it will be important to ensure that the Government is in a position to put up a robust defence .
" I must stress that the lawfulness of military action depends not only on the existence of a legal basis , but also on the question of proportionality .
Therefore , Gingrich is running for office .
Klein proceeds to elaborate that Gingrich will occasionally say something rational when not running for office .
Even if we assume that this is true , this is a far weaker claim than saying that Gingrich will exclusively say rational things when not running for office .
And that strong claim is necessary to infer that Gingrich is running for office from the fact that he said something dumb and angry .
My view is that Gingrich says dumb , angry things constantly and without regard to electoral ambitions .
He is a dumb , angry man .
When England suffered their worst ever World Cup finals defeat - and to arch footballing rival Germany - manager Fabio Capello said his players were tired after a long season .
So had his starting XI played more games this season than their opponents ?
" All our players were really tired at this competition , " Fabio Capello said in the press conference that followed his team 's defeat by Germany .
It is a common perception that the English play too many games , with two domestic cup competitions as well as the Premier League .
But is it an accurate one ?
Looking at the number of matches the 22 players had been involved in , from the start of the season until kick - off in Bloemfontein on Sunday , it appears that the German starting XI had actually played more games than the English .
They played a total of 577 league , cup and international games , including friendlies .
England 's team played 555 .
Partial matches , such as substitute appearances , counted as full games .
But before England fans accuse Capello of using fatigue as an excuse for poor performance , they should consider two factors .
One is that the German players enjoyed a winter break in the Bundesliga ( their premier league ) .
And the other is that the Premier League is considered to be more fast , intense and physically draining than other leagues .
TMZ has learned former UFC champ Tito Ortiz and baby mama / former porn star Jenna Jameson are withdrawing allegations that led to Tito 's felony domestic violence arrest earlier this week .
Jenna , who accused Tito of injuring her during an argument , now tells TMZ , " What actually happened has now been dramatically distorted and misinterpreted and remarks that both Tito and I made after the police arrived reflect the state of shock that we were both in . "
Translation -- he did n't hurt me .
As for Tito , we 're told he's now backing off what he strongly insinuated ... that Jenna is an OxyContin addict .
We 're told Tito 's position now is that he found two OxyContin pills and may have jumped to conclusions .
Jenna says the pills were very old .
And , as we first reported , Jenna tested negative for drugs this week .
Tito 's lawyer , Chip Matthews , tells TMZ the whole thing was " a big misunderstanding . "
AWARDS : $ 2,350,000 award to automobile accident wrongful death plaintiffs • jury acquittal – double criminal homicide • $ 1,000,000 award to motorcycle accident wrongful death plaintiffs • jury acquittal – criminal homicide • $ 465,000 award to medical malpractice plaintiff • jury acquittal – criminal homicide , recklessly endangering another person , neglect of a care dependent person • $ 325,000 federal jury verdict , UIM and insurance bad faith award to automobile accident plaintiffs • jury acquittal – attempted criminal homicide • $ 300,000 award to medical malpractice plaintiff • jury acquittal - attempted criminal homicide , aggravated assault with a deadly weapon • $ 300,000 award to automobile accident / products liability plaintiffs • jury acquittal – homicide by vehicle while DUI , homicide by vehicle , aggravated assault by vehicle DUI , aggravate assault by vehicle • $ 115,000 award to truck accident plaintiff • jury acquittal – murder , rape • $ 100,000 non-jury trial verdict to facial laceration plaintiff • jury acquittal – 1st degree Murder ( capital case ) • $ 90,000 award to premises liability / slip - and - fall plaintiff • jury acquittal – DUI , terroristic threats , carrying firearms without a license • $ 440,000 award to civil rights violation plaintiff • jury acquittal – theft , receiving stolen property • $ 135,000 award to civil rights violation plaintiff • jury acquittal – possession with intent to deliver a controlled substance ( PWI ) • $ 636,000 jury verdict in plaintiffs ’ medical malpractice case • jury acquittal – indecent assault , indecent exposure • $ 550,000 award in plaintiffs ’ personal injury case • juvenile case acquittal - solicitation to commit aggravated assault , aggravated assault of unborn child • $ 250,000 award to mass transit accident plaintiff • jury acquittal – theft , receiving stolen property , conspiracy • $ 130,000 award to premises liability / slip - and - fall plaintiffs • court - appointed appellate counsel – Supreme Court of Pennsylvania reversal of rape conviction • $ 465,000 award to automobile accident plaintiff • jury acquittal – aggravated assault • $ 125,000 award to automobile accident plaintiff • jury acquittal – DUI • non-jury acquittal – dismissal of armed robbery charges • $ 170,000 award to automobile accident plaintiffs • successful jury verdict in defense of attorney charged with legal malpractice in professional liability case • $ 140,000 award to injured bicyclist plaintiff • non-jury acquittal – dismissal of 2 counts of criminal homicide • $ 180,000 award to employment discrimination plaintiff • jury acquittal – indecent exposure • non-jury custody trial – award of primary physical and legal custody of minor to paternal grandparents over natural mother • juvenile decertification petition granted to criminal homicide charges – release at age 21 • non-jury custody trial – award of primary physical and legal custody of minor to father • jury acquittal – DUI • $ 90,000 award to automobile accident plaintiffs • non-jury custody trial – award of primary physical and legal custody of minor to mother • $ 50,000 jury verdict for plaintiff - passenger in automobile accident case • non-jury custody trial – award of primary physical and legal custody of minor to father • hung jury – Arson trial ( no criminal punishment imposed ) • $ 265,000 award to premises liability plaintiff • jury acquittal – delivery of a controlled substance • $ 125,000 award to premises liability plaintiff • jury acquittal – DUI • $ 190,000 award to products liability plaintiff • $ 150,000 award to premises liability / construction accident plaintiff • $ 750,000 award to prison medical malpractice and civil rights violation plaintiff • $ 90,000 award to automobile accident plaintiffs • $ 108,500 award to automobile accident plaintiff • $ 80,000 award to automobile accident plaintiff • $ 150,000 award to truck accident plaintiffs .
Pin 0 Shares
The tax credit deadline has been extended from June 30th , 2010 to September 30th , 2010 .
Details here .
Over the first few months of this year a lot of people who might not otherwise have been looking for new homes decided to move their timetable up , and purchase the home of their dreams because of the first time homebuyer tax credit .
Why not move things up a bit if you can get $ 8000 cash ?
When the credit was extended to current homeowners as well , things really started to heat up .
Continues after Advertisement
April 30th was the hard and fast deadline to be able to get a signed contract and still qualify for the tax credit .
Most people were able to reach that deadline with no problem , however , some are now thinking that they 're going to miss the June 30th deadline to complete the sale .
If they do , they 'll get no credit .
Tax Credit Closing Deadline Extended ?
Now there is an amendment to H.R. 4213 , “ the American Jobs and Closing Tax Loopholes Act of 2010 ” bill being offered that would offer extra time for homebuyers to close the sale .
The amendment , which is attached to another bill , is being sponsored by Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D - Nev. , Sen. Johnny Isakson , R - Ga. , and Christopher Dodd , D - Conn .
It was passed by the senate this week , and now needs to be passed by the House .
The bill would simply extend the time available to homebuyers to complete the sale on their new homes from June 30th to September 30th .
So will it pass ?
Many Sales May Not Complete Without Extension
The National Association of Realtors has been pushing hard for this bill , but many are saying that even with the extension , many of the sales – especially short sales – will still not complete .
Up to 180,000 buyers who were hoping to close by June 30 and get the tax credit are likely to miss the deadline , according to the National Association of Realtors ( NAR ) .
“ We are hopeful , ” says Paul Bishop , vice president of research with NAR .
“ We 've heard a lot of concern from Realtors out there .
There seems to be a sense of fairness .
The tax credit was essentially promised ” to those buyers .
But some Realtors say even if a three - month extension is granted , that still wo n't be enough time for buyers pursuing houses through short sales , which can take many months to close .
“ How are you going to close a short sale in two months ? ” says Edward Goldfarb , a Realtor with Keller Williams in Fort Lauderdale .
“ Hundreds of people are not going to close and are going to lose their tax credit .
September is not any better .
A short sale can take a year and a half . ”
So a lot of people out there are in a holding pattern , hoping to get their credit .
Some of them may get it because of the extension , but it sounds like a lot of folks who are buying short sales still may end up being left out in the cold .
Another concern is that buyers who face losing the tax credit could pull out of pending deals altogether .
Any extension must be passed this week , or buyers will start canceling deals next week , before the deadline hits , says Richard Smith , president and CEO of Realogy , parent company of Century 21 , ERA , Coldwell Banker and Sotheby 's International Realty .
“ We 're concerned , as many people are , that this will force people to cancel their contracts , ” Smith says .
So now it is up to the House to get this bill passed so that some homebuyers can be helped .
The question remains – how many will it help ?
What do you think – should the deadline be extended past the June 30th deadline ?
Will it be enough time for most unclosed sales , or will it be a pointless exercise ?
Tell me your thoughts in the comments !
Pin 0 Shares
Full article access for Neurosurgery subscribers .
Wallenstein , Matthew B. MD ; McKhann , Guy M. II MD
INTRODUCTION : Normal - pressure hydrocephalus ( NPH ) is a chronic neurological disorder characterized by enlarged ventricles and a triad of clinical symptoms affecting gait , cognition , and urinary continence .
Salomon Hakim first identified the syndrome in 1957 at the Hospital San Juan de Dios in Bogota , Colombia .
Even after decades of international focus and thousands of publications on his disorder , Hakim ’s story remains largely untold .
METHODS :
In this historical review , we explore the discovery of NPH through a series of personal interviews with Professor Hakim and his family , discussions with former colleagues , and review of the relevant medical literature .
RESULTS : Professor Hakim first published his thesis in 1964 and 6 case reports of NPH in The New England Journal of Medicine and the Journal of the Neurological Sciences in 1965 .
Hakim rose to the forefront of academic medicine as he described a newfound ability to reverse symptoms of “ neurodegeneration ” that had long been considered irreversible .
CONCLUSIONS :
As we learn more about NPH , the fascinating story of Professor Hakim , the father of NPH , is of both historical relevance and current interest .
Full article access for Neurosurgery subscribers .
Hey conservatives , heads up on this .
It 's a very big deal .
Ireland , long - time darling of conservative anti-taxers , is in some deep fiscal trouble .
Not because they 've overspent , but because they 've undertaxed .
Via NPR :
Wage taxes , too , have long been much lower than in other European countries , says Fintan O'Toole , a columnist for The Irish Times and the author of Ship of Fools : How Stupidity and Corruption Sank the Celtic Tiger .
" If you were working in Ireland , well , very large numbers of people were kept out of the tax net altogether , " O'Toole says .
Many middle - class people paid no taxes either , he says .
But the economic collapse of the past few years — unemployment has gone from 4.5 percent to more than 13 percent — has exposed the downside of Ireland 's low - tax policies , and forced it to backtrack somewhat , he says .
Gosh .
Grover Norquist 's wet dream , right there in Ireland .
Only ... it's not all good in the land .
Unfortunately , it was necessary for Ireland to raise taxes , which they did , along with draconian cuts to other government programs .
What they have n't done is raise taxes on corporations .
Barry O'Leary , head of the Investment Development Agency of Ireland , explains :
" We 're pretty clear on the benefits it brings for Ireland , " he says .
" And we do n't want to damage those benefits at all by increasing the tax rate .
So it is not on the horizon at all . "
The consequence is twofold : People do n't have the money to spend on discretionary items , and they can't afford the houses corporate money built , so they remain empty .
" When people used to come to Ireland from abroad in the 1960s and 1970s , one of the sad things you 'd see on the landscape was all these empty houses , and they were the sort of physical manifestation of famine in the 19th century , of mass emigration , of the kind of depopulation of whole parts of the countryside , " O'Toole says .
" So it 's pretty sad to create that out of disasters like famine and emigration , " he continues .
" It 's really insane to create it out of a boom .
So out of prosperity we managed to create all these empty houses , which have the same ghostly presence on the landscape as the houses from the 19th century had .
Empty houses while people bear the burden of economic downturns and corporations continue to bear less of a burden than they ?
This is what the Republicans , teabagger and moderate alike , live for .
It 's what gets Grover Norquist out of bed in the morning , this notion of letting enterprise run roughshod over worker , retiree , and entrepreneur .
Ireland has some lessons for us to learn , and hopefully the Irish government will learn a few as well .
Updated at 10:54 p.m.
CHICAGO , Illinois --
New designs for Cleveland 's proposed medical mart call for four stories wrapped in glass and centered around an atrium reminiscent of downtown 's traditional arcades .
" It 's indoor space that can be used year - round , " Rafael Vi
n
oly , of Seattle - based LMN Architects , said at a presentation Tuesday in Chicago .
Developer MMPI unveiled the latest drawings during the NeoCon World 's Trade Fair furniture show .
Vi
n
oly is a nephew of the New York - based , Uruguayan - born architect of the same name who designed the expansion and renovation of the Cleveland Museum of Art .
The Seattle architect described the mart building , envisioned for the northeast corner of St. Clair Avenue and Ontario Street in Cleveland , as a 200,000 - square - foot structure featuring showrooms and meeting space on the ground floor and showrooms of up to 6,500 square feet on the upper floors .
The building will connect to a proposed new L - shaped convention center below Malls B and C .
Cuyahoga County and MMPI plan to break ground on the $ 425 million , taxpayer - financed mart and convention center in October and to open the mart in 2013 .
So far , MMPI has tentative commitments from 24 companies to showcase large medical furniture and equipment , said MMPI Vice President Mark Falanga .
Landscape architects were not at the presentation , but Vi
n
oly said the underground convention center is being designed to withstand loads of large gatherings on the parklike mall above .
" In general , it 's analogous to Millennium Park , " he said , naming the Chicago tourist draw Cleveland boosters would like to emulate on the mall .
To reach this Plain Dealer reporter : ljohnsto@plaind.com , 216-999-4115
Japanese government agencies trying to loosen a 24 - year - old moratorium on commercial whaling used cash and the offer of prostitutes to convince small countries to vote in favor of lifting the ban , a news report claims .
The UK ’s Sunday Times reports it has film of officials from various governments admitting that Japan offered financial aid in exchange for a pro-whaling vote on the International Whaling Commission .
ADVERTISEMENT
The IWC meets this month in Morocco to decide the fate of the moratorium on whaling , which Japan has largely skirted by classifying its annual whale hunt as “ scientific research . ”
The Times reports officials admitted :
They voted with the whalers because of the large amounts of aid from Japan .
One said he was not sure if his country had any whales in its territorial waters .
Others are landlocked .
They receive cash payments in envelopes at IWC meetings from Japanese officials who pay their travel and hotel bills .
One disclosed that call girls were offered when fisheries ministers and civil servants visited Japan for meetings .
The Times says it ran a sting operation on officials involved in whaling negotiations , and officials from “ St. Kitts and Nevis , the Marshall Islands , Kiribati , Grenada , Republic of Guinea and Ivory Coast all entered negotiations to sell their votes in return for aid . ”
Japan launched a summer whaling mission last week , with the target of killing 260 of the giant sea mammals in the Northwest Pacific waters despite legal action by Australia .
ADVERTISEMENT
Japan hunts whales using a loophole in a 1986 international moratorium on commercial whaling that allows “ lethal research ” on the giant mammals , and it makes no secret of the fact that the meat is then sold as food .
Opposition to Japan ’s research whaling has become increasingly violent in recent years , including harassment and high - sea clashes with militant environmentalists during annual expeditions in the Antarctic waters .
Australia launched legal action with the International Court of Justice ( ICJ ) in an effort to stop Japan killing hundreds of whales a year in the name of science .
ADVERTISEMENT
Japan is also entangled with a high - profile trial against a New Zealand anti-whaling activist , who boarded a Japanese harpoon ship in Antarctic waters .
In February , Peter Bethune , 45 , scaled a Japanese ship from a jetski with the intention of making a citizen ’s arrest of its captain but was instead detained and taken back to Japan .
ADVERTISEMENT
He now faces two years in jail over five counts , including assault for allegedly injuring a whaler with a rancid butter projectile and has been dropped by the Sea Shepherd group for violating its policy against carrying weapons by having a bow and arrows while aboard a Sea Shepherd vessel .
In another trial , two Greenpeace activists potentially face 18 - month jail terms for theft and trespassing while investigating alleged embezzlement in Japan ’s whaling industry .
— With AFP
This article is from the archive of our partner .
Conservative radio host Rush Limbaugh is outraged about a liberal argument that public schools should provide school lunches to children even when they are out of class .
The argument , which Limbaugh reads in an incredulous tone , states that students may go hungry or suffer from poor nutrition during the summer season .
Furious at the condescending assumption that children cannot find their own food , he says he will dedicate a new segment to teaching children how to eat .
" There are also things in what 's called the kitchen of your house . "
He goes on ,
If that does n't work , try a happy meal at McDonald's .
You know where McDonald 's is .
There 's the dollar menu at McDonald's .
And if they do n't have chicken nuggets , dial 9 - 1 - 1 and ask for Obama .
There 's another place if none of these options work to find food .
There 's always the neighborhood dumpster .
Now you might find competition with homeless people there .
But there are videos that have been produced to show you how to healthfully dine and how to dumpster dive and to survive until school kicks back up in August .
The Washington Post's David Weigel quips , " BREAKING : Limbaugh endorses freeganism ...
DEVELOPING ... "
This article is from the archive of our partner The Wire .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Handy Light , a new flashlight app by developer Nick Lee , brings unofficial SOCKS Proxy tethering to the iPhone hidden behind what appears to be a simple flashlight app that uses the screen for illumination .
The app's description provides no hints of this hidden feature though Lee has posted a YouTube video demonstrating how it works .
We 've also given the app a spin and verified this tethering works as described .
Nullriver was the first to offer an unofficial tethering app , NetShare , for the iPhone in late 2008 though it was quickly pulled from the App Store and never became available again .
Based on that reaction from Apple , it 's likely that Handy Light will not remain in the App Store long either .
Apple also has previously informed developers that such " easter eggs " must be declared in apps when submitted , so we do n't expect Apple will take kindly to this hidden feature .
HandyLight sells for $.99 [ iTunes link ] and written instructions on how to use it have been posted at AppShopper .
Update : App has been pulled from App Store :
Handy
Light reached the # 2 in the top paid apps listings before being pulled .
This archived news story is available only for your personal , non-commercial use .
Information in the story may be outdated or superseded by additional information .
Reading or replaying the story in its archived form does not constitute a republication of the story .
SPANISH FORK -- Spanish
Fork police arrested a man they say hit a woman with their 1 - year - old boy .
Police say Kelly Giacomazza went to the woman 's home Wednesday , wanting to see his son .
But when she and her friends refused to let him in , police say he barged his way in and grabbed the boy .
Giacomazza then allegedly shook the baby and used the child to push his mother against the wall .
Police say he then started hitting her with their son .
When he saw someone was calling police , he ran .
Officers arrested him soon after during a traffic stop .
Police say the child suffered scratches and bruising .
Giacomazza was booked into jail on child abuse , assault , burglary and drug charges .
The Los Angeles County coroner early Thursday confirmed the death of Marc Abrams , 58 .
Abrams earned nicknames such as the Walking Man , the Silver Lake Walker , the Reader Walker and the Walking Doctor because he has been taking long walks through Silver Lake since moving there in 1980 .
Abrams said recently that he logged up to 200 miles a week at a pace of 5 mph .
There ’s even a mural showing him in action
His death was first reported by NBC Los Angeles .
– Times staff reports
Related :
Audio slide show :
Hit the ground walking
Photo credit : Mel Melcon / Los Angeles Times
Weird California - By Joe Parzanese
The Terrible Curse of Griffith Park
4730 Crystal Springs Drive , Los Angeles , California 90027
At 4,210 acres , Griffith Park in Los Angeles is not only the second largest park in California but also one of the nation 's largest parks .
Located within the park is the Griffith Observatory , the Greek Amphitheatre , the Los Angeles Zoo , the Museum of the American West , the Travel Town train museum , two golf courses , a merry - go - around , countless hiking and horse trails , the Haunted Hollywood Sign , a few ghosts , and an old 1863 curse .
What ?
A curse , you say ?
Originally all this land belonged to the Felizes and was called Rancho Los Feliz .
Eventually it became the property of Don Antonio Feliz who resided on the land with his sister named Soledad and his 17 year old blind niece , Dona Petranilla .
In 1863 , Don Antonio Feliz passed away and instead of leaving his land to his family , he left all of it to Don Antonio Coronel ( there is still a very small street in LA probably named after him , consisting of less than a dozen houses ) .
The story relates , how Don Antonio Feliz was wasting away with smallpox and on his deathbed , Don Antonio Coronel visited him with a lawyer , Don Innocante .
Supposedly these two gentlemen drew up the will and the story claims that a stick was attached to the back of Don Antonio Feliz to help the poor dying man nod his head in agreement to the new will .
The new will was witnessed by several ranch workers with the surname Paco who resided a short distance from the main house .
Regardless of if that story is true or not , the land went to Don Antonio Coronel and not Dona Petranilla .
A few items supposedly went to Soledad and some other relatives .
His godson received a few horses , but the land the lion 's share of the wealth went to Don Coronel and Petranilla received nothing .
Dona Petranilla was , to say the least , obviously not pleased .
Don Feliz 's niece laid down a curse on the land , Don Coronel , Don Innocante , and even the judge that upheld the will 's legality .
Afterwards , in order to put the final touch on the curse , she apparently dropped dead .
If you believe the stories , the lawyer , Don Innocante , was soon shot and killed and the judge apparently also met an untimely end .
Don Coronel 's family supposedly slowly died of misfortune and disease .
When Coronel passed away , he left the land to his young wife , who promptly remarried .
Her new husband and her fought over the inheritance and in the ensuing divorce , the lawyers consumed most of the inheritance .
In late 1868 , a C. V. Howard owned part of the land , and sold of the land 's water rights for a nice tidy profit .
He was supposedly shot at a saloon while celebrating his good fortune .
The land eventually passed to Leon " Lucky " Baldwin , whose lucky streak immediately ended when he started a ranch and dairy on the property .
The cattle on the land died , fires destroyed grain , grasshoppers devoured crops , and nothing basically went right .
After he went bankrupted and was forced to sell the land to pay for the mortgage , Baldwin was supposedly gunned down by an outlaw ( some stories say Mexican bandits ) .
The land ended up with a Thomas Bell , a financier from San Francisco .
He did n't hold the land long though before selling it to Colonel Griffith J Griffith .
Bell apparently lived into his eighties and then fell from his mansion 's banister - or was pushed by mistress depending on the story you believe .
Old Calvary Cemetery Frank Burkett attempted to kill Griffith J Griffith outside the Old Calvary Cemetery on October 28th , 1891 .
Griffith 's wife and her sister were paying their respect to their family while Griffith stayed outside and was almost murdered by Burkett .
Calvary Cemetery was during its time LA 's primary cemetery , following the Plaza Churchyard .
Not too long after the incident with Griffith , in the early 1900s the occupants of the cemetery were unearthed and relocated to New Calvary Cemetery east of the LA river .
In the location , the corner of North .
Broadway and Bishop 's Road , Cathedral High School was built .
Strange disturbances have occurred ever since .
Legends abound of grave shaped holes appearing outside after heavy rains , spooks wandering the halls , restless spirits disturbing the living , and old coffin parts appearing occasionally throughout the grounds !
Now where did this story come from ?
Well from the fanciful mind of one Horace Bell , a frontier author who wrote and founded a newspaper devoted to social commentary called the Porcupine .
Often Bell 's stories attacked the social elite of the area , and his attacks on Griffith J. Griffith were no exception .
The truth of the matter is probably slightly different then the one portrayed by Mr. Horace Bell .
Petranilla , was apparently not blind .
She did not die after placing a curse on the estate , and lived for another thirty four years after the events depicted in the story , apparently dying of a heart problem .
Although there is no proof that she did or did not place a curse on the estate .
She was probably in her early twenties at the time that Don Feliz passed away .
The godson who received some horses was her son , Juan Sanchez , who she had with Esteban Sanchez .
The land was sold to a Colonel Griffith Jenkins Griffith in 1882 .
Yes , his first and last names are the same , and his military rank is believed to be made up ( in fact the only military title he probably held was Major of Riflery Practice with the California National Guard ) .
Griffith was well known for his aristocratic pretensions and his uncanny knack for finding silver and gold .
He allowed a man named Frank Burkett to start an ostrich farm on the property to lure residents to the area and Griffith 's other surrounding properties .
By 1884 , the curse popped up again as a huge storm racked the land .
Lightning came down upon some of the oak trees on the property and the ranch hands claimed to see Don Antonio Feliz riding the rain .
Don Antonio continued to haunt the land after the storm , often appearing near an area called Bee Rock .
Griffith refused to visit the land except at midday and the stories claim that the ostriches stampeded at night .
With ghosts appearing and ostriches stampeding , Griffith eventually foreclosed on the ostrich farm which was failing , causing Burkett to vow vengeance .
Burkett ended up attempting to gun down Griffith with a shot gun outside Old Calvary Cemetery , now Cathedral High School on North Broadway .
Burkett apparently used bird shot instead of buck shot , which was the only reason Griffith survived .
Apparently Burkett thought he had succeeded in killing Griffith so he committed suicide with a revolver to the head .
The Crushed Picnic Table Although the story has been dismissed as a hoax , there 's also a legend that Griffith Park has a haunted Picnic Table .
The story goes that on Halloween 1976 , 22 year old musician Rand Garrett and 20 year old aspiring actress Nancy Jeanson were making love upon a picnic table off of Mt Hollywood Drive when a tree suddenly fell over on top of them , crushing them and killing them .
Their remains were cremated and the ashes spread over the area where they died .
Now , often on the anniversary of their deaths , their ghosts can be seen wandering the area around the picnic table .
But the urban legend does n't end there , and continues with a series of misfortunes that occurred to the tree trimming crew that showed up to clear the tree that crushed the young couple .
The first worker , Morris Carl , sent to cut and clear the tree suffered from cold spells , heard strange moaning and crying sounds , and saw the fallen tree violently shake .
When he ran back to his truck , the words " Next time you die " were written in reverse on the fogged up windshield , letter by letter before him .
His supervisor , Dennis Higgs , later went to clear the tree , and was found dead the next morning by a jogger .
The jogger discovered a chain saw lying next to the dead Higgs , the blade bend in a U shape .
The coroner listed the cause of death for Higgs as a heart attack .
His hands were injured and some of his finger nails were broken , and it looked like he had been dragged by something fifteen feet towards the damaged picnic table .
Supposedly the tree and picnic table are still there to this day .
A former park ranger reportedly had a run in with the two ghosts in 2002 .
He saw two sets of red eyes , and after his flashlight failed , and everything went quiet , he felt suffocating and freezing cold .
A voice whispered to him , " Leave us alone " and he smelled a " smell of death " .
His story continues with something grabbing his chest and him passing out .
When he came to , his shirt was unbuttoned and his chest hurt .
Something had scratched into his chest with a fingernail , " Next time you die " .
The park ranger requested a transfer the next day .
So which is it ?
Elaborate hoax or fact based story ?
Either way , it 's a great ghost story !
To get away from the cursed land and the ghost , Griffith donated 3,015 acres to the city of Los Angeles in December 1896 .
But the curse would n't let him get away that easily .
Afterward , Griffith , a devout Protestant , came to the conclusion that the Pope and his Catholic wife , Christina Mesmer , were conspiring to poison him and steal all of his money .
Christina was a well to do , very rich society woman herself .
It is reported that at dinner , Griffith would often switch his plate with hers when she was n't looking , thus ensuring that the " poisoned " food was in front of her instead of him .
He eventually took a preemptive strike and shot his wife while they stayed at the Arcadia Hotel in Santa Monica .
Although she survived , having to throw herself from the window , land on an awning and crawl to safety through yet another window , she was disfigured and blind in one eye afterwards .
Griffith served only two years in San Quentin for attempted murder , but his reputation was never the same .
After he was released from prison , the city ignored his attempts to continue building up Griffith Park , wanting nothing officially to do with him .
Griffith did , however , set up a trust fund to have his improvements , the Observatory and Greek Theater , built and cared for after he passed away .
He passed away in 1919 and is laid to rest at Hollywood Forever Cemetery .
If you believe writer and newspaperman Horace Bell , Don Antonio Feliz again appeared in 1898 .
Apparently the city 's influential people had gathered in Griffith Park to celebrate a fiesta .
The specter appeared at the head of an oaken banquet table and also chased the party goers on horseback as they fled the party .
In this century , Los Angeles has only suffered one unfortunate event on the land .
That was when a 1933 fire left 29 people dead and 150 more injured .
This fire is the deadliest in Los Angeles history .
However , even though the curse does n't appear to be inflicting pain upon anyone any more , several ghosts have been sighted throughout the park .
In addition to Don Antonio Feliz , who besides his famous 1898 party crashing scene , has been seen riding the parks trails and laughing crazily on top of large rocks overlooking the park , there is also his niece , Dona Petranilla .
The original curse layer has been seen wandering the land dressed in white .
She additionally appears occasionally in an old adobe used for the park headquarters and has been seen riding a white horse around midnight .
An additional mounted ghost has been spotted riding in the park .
This spirit is believed to be the ghost of Griffith J. Griffith as the style of the rider does not match that of a Spanish Don .
A ghost girl has been seen throughout the park and she seems to be looking for help .
Some people believe she was abandoned in the park and eventually died from exposure and that now she is wandering the park looking for the parents that left her behind .
A ghost lurks near the Merry Go Round , having been seen descending steps nearby and disappearing as he reaches the last step .
Both Travel Town and the Observatory brought in teams to investigate paranormal activity due to the number of reported sightings at both .
The teams found nothing , however .
And of course there 's the ghost of Peg Entwistle , a suicide victim , can be found lurking around the Hollywood Sign .
One location that Dona Petranilla is said to haunt is the Crystal Springs Ranger Headquarters also called the Paco Feliz Adobe .
She apparently appears as a ghostly senorita in a white dress watching from the adobe 's windows on dark and rainy nights .
Of course , she never lived in this adobe , but it is the only remaining structure from that time period and probably served as the house for servants or ranch hands .
In 1921 , the park managed to demolish the original Feliz manor .
As if the ghosts , curses , and other general weirdness was n't enough , urban legend also claims that there 's some sort of creature lurking in the park and stalking its visitors .
Three witnesses described it as " humanoid of some sort .
Its legs were very long as well as its feet and it was talking huge strides as it made its way down the street .
Its back was bent back and its neck was very long and was bent forward .
They said no human could be bent like this thing was .
Its eyes were black , but it did have the whites as well .
Its skin was transparent green , and it was wearing nothing but white pants and black shoes . "
From About.com .
Lastly , the park has also been used as locations in several movies including Back to the Future , Back to the Future II , The Rocketeer , and Who Framed Roger Rabbit .
In the Roger Rabbit movie , the tunnel that serves as the entrance to Toontown can be found within Griffith Park .
Adam West 's Batcave from the 1960s Batman can also be found within Griffith Park .
So there you have it .
The history of Griffith Park is full of ghosts , death , fraud , a strange beast , and ostriches .
Add into that a blind curse wielding niece , a paranoid man with the same first and last name who believed the Pope was colluding with his wife to kill him , two ghosts protecting their deathbed of a picnic table , along with the entrance to Toontown , not to mention the usual Satanic Cults , animal sacrifice , prostitutes , etc , and Griffith Park easily earns its entry here at Weird California .
Follow WeirdCA.com !
Comments :
Feliz of Sylmar , Ca on 2020 - 08 - 05 said : I am part of the Feliz family and the curse is true the white man stole the land from us
max of los angeles , ca on 2019 - 12 - 05 said : the haunted bench is bench 29 .
the tree is still on the table .
lucas of simi valleyon 2019 - 06 - 17 said : Back when we used to hike up throughout Griffith we used to explore off trail , never saw a ghost or anything supernatural but did encounter a really intense looking guy who stepped out of the brush in front of us and asks if he could use my cell phone .
This was pretty far up from the trailhead by the merry - go - round .
What really weirded us out were the several tree carvings we saw after and well beyond our encounter with the guy that said " he watching you " " a hiding man is watching " " he have a burn face " " burn face man waiting " etc .
At least seven trees had these statements etched in them .
Subi of Los angeles , Ca on 2019 - 04 - 04 said :
My brother and I would go on night hikes at 9 pm along various Griffith trails ( dumb I know ) .
My brother and his friend once spotted an elderly lady who could barely walk in an old fashioned dress near the top of mount holly trail and there ’s no way she could have walked up there the way she was limping , which weirded them out .
Another time my brother , friend , and I were hiking an easier trail when we heard a human voice making odd noises and we looked at the patch of shrubs where the noise was coming from when the shrubs started to move and it was not an animal or anything human there .
The three of us instantly realized it was paranormal whatever it was .
A third time we heard wailing sounds and the top cloud like torso of a man disappear into thin air .
I would have never believed in the paranormal if it were not for these completely odd experiences .
Lourdes Soto of Downey , California on 2018 - 10 - 27 said : I have been going to the observatory area for early morning walks for years with at least one or more friends , but recently at the beginning of October something really creepy happened to us .
We start our walk as usual around 5:00 am , it was still pretty dark and like 15 minutes into our walk we all heard some unusual noises , my sister asked us to stay quiet and then we heard like a group of people laughing or yelling behind us , it was really scary at the beginning of this noises we automatically started waking faster talking about a plan if we were atacked and then we started walking slower to wait for whoever who was behind us but no body cut up with us .
Since that day we have gone back at least four times a little later but still dark , always afraid of what we heard that day ... I am really curious if someone has experienced something similar .
Kylie of Camarillo , CA on 2018 - 07-03 said : Don Antonio Coronel is one of my great Uncles .
Andrea Veliz of Los Angeles , CA on 2018 - 04 - 25 said : Probably like 2 years ago my friend and I were planning to go hiking to the Observatory .
We were n't even halfway , I told him we should sit down since we been walking for hours so we sat down in the grass .
Which we were near the Greek Theater somewhat where the restrooms are .
We started talking all of a sudden I see this person .
It looked like a caveman lol .
But it was hairy , was n't sure if it was a man or women .
But they were a good distance and we looked at the person and they were rocking back and forth .
Then after a few minutes it stopped , it creeped us out .
Then we saw a man passed by and looked at it .
Whether it was a homeless , or someone who happened to be drugged out .
But it was scary .
We decided to keep walking then out of nowhere this girl comes up to me telling me " have you seen the green house ? " i was like no .. and her boyfriend grabbed her and told me sorry about that .
Because she grabbed my arms like i do n't know .
I still wonder if there is an actually green house .
Andrea Bruno of BURBANK , CA on 2018 - 03-02 said : Today - i was driving through griffth park - i saw thic chick walking in the rain - no umbrella - murky pond water colored jacket - stringy brown hair - head down - Sad / Depressedd look on the part of face i saw .
i was like , " Man - i think i have problems , she looks like her are worse !
I hope she is ok - god - what if she commits suicide and im the last to see her ? " i looked back and GONE - just disappeared - i did uturn and GONE - its a big place - she could NOT have ran that fast - impossible - i had CHILLS !
Michael Watkins of Los Angeles , CA on 2017 - 08 - 20 said : i have been going to the park since the 70's and worked in the " adobe " 5 - 40 from 1999 to 2009 .
No spirits or ghosts to report .
With the exception of skunks .
From 2011 till present summer 2017 have supervised maintenance with nothing to report paranormally speaking .
Sorry to disappoint
willy of atwater , CA on 2016 - 09 - 11 said : went one night to ranger rick 's old abandoned place with two friends to smoke out ... on our way back , we had to walk through tall grass to exit , we saw what looked like a big black animal , bigger than a coyote , but more massive , its stride was creepy , not like a dog , and it fur was long and black , like a werewolf from a hollywood movie ... my two friends ran but i stayed to see it longer before i noticed it was not normal animal , then i ran also
Elizabeth Sammet of Los Angeles , California on 2016 - 09 -01 said :
So I was on one of the hiking trails with a friend and her dog , it was about 8 pm on a wednesday night .
Everything went smoothly .
But , on our walk down we got attacked twice by a coyote .
The first encounter it was a coyote on its own .
The second time it was two coyotes .
It chased us and tried to get us .
Haha so scary but we made it .
I would do it again but I will take a weapon of some sort lol
BDA of Encino , Ca on 2016 - 04 - 23 said : I work in Griffith been there at all hours of the day and night and have never seen any of the things discussed here .
My office is in the old adobe building mentioned here which is not the Ranger 's HQ it is the Park Film Office and I 've yet to hear or see a peep from Dona Petranilla .... I love the paranormal I just have n't seen it here .
LA Zoo of L.A , CA on 2015 - 11 - 21 said : I currently work at the LA Zoo and have seen and heard a lot of stories like the ones in these comments .
From the " jogger " the man with a jogging suit with a flashlight on his head , to Mr. Griffith him self .
Not so long ago I was walking by the chimp exhibit around 6 am still very very dark and I had seen what to me was a person walk casually on to a viewing side of the exhibit , the odd thing about this is that I did not notice it walking and or made any noise .
I peeked over to see who it might of had been but to my surprise no one was their .
I then told my co-workers and was told a security guard a few years ago had also seen the same thing around the same location .
They had also told me a zoo keep had once tried to run after this " what she thought was a person at the time " only to follow him to a fence line and it basically disappeared .
amy of Granada hills , CA on 2015 - 10 - 30 said : I worked at the greek theatre and it is very much haunted !
The ghost is of a little girl named Agnes .
She moves stuff knocks on doors swings light you can hear her walk down the halls when you do a overnight shift .
im surprised it is not talked about more .
She moves this one light every night after concerts the stage crew tried to figure out wtf is going on .
She is a extremely active ghost creepy and kinda cool also .
I remember running to my boss saying I came in contact with the ghost lol he said it's ok she wo n't hurt you !!!
Idk what 's going on but work the greek for a season you will become a believer .
Murry of La Brea , California on 2015 - 10 - 11 said : My 3 great grandmother is Martha Griffith .
.... my family owned the land grant which is now la Brea ..... thanks for your input on our history
Thomas of Glendale , CA on 2015 - 02-07 said : The Sunset Strip Slayers ( fans of the Hillside Stranglers ) dumped two bodies on the same sites as the HS .
Anonymous on 2015 - 01 - 23 said :
The author forgot to mention the bodies found in the park ... some put there by the Hillside Strangler .
I spent many years visiting the park while growing up in LA .
I did not see anything strange .
tracey shearing of Kenmare , Kerry Ireland on 2014 - 09 - 30 said :
After reading these comments i'm PMSL , honestly people read back over your comments you all sound barking mad , lol .
Any place with a certain amount of history can be haunted , but really , an alien type creature wearing trousers & no shoes , people emerging from bushes that do n't move , black men appearing all over the place !!
Its called LA LA land for a reason & some of these comments confirm this , lol
KARI STALHEIM of WEST COVINA , CA on 2014 - 07 - 14 said : I was at the Greek theatre at a Heart concert , I met comedian David Spade there and he allowed me to take a picture with him .
My friend took the pic of us and there appears to be a ghost in the background of the pic just above David 's right shoulder .
Its really freaky !
deep of encino , ca on 2014 - 06 - 25 said : lol i lived on los feliz blvd for three years in the 90s and im just hearing this story which lets know for show people are crazy .
i never felt safer than when i lived there walikg down the street 3:00 in the morning drunk as hell from the brown derby lol
Joshua James of East Los Angeles , CA on 2014 - 06 - 13 said : I love Griffith park I feel at peace when I 'm there well at least when I take my German shepherd , I do n't go a lot like I did before after I was surrounded by 5 coyotes and almost attacked .
but that 's not what scared me .
One day I went with a friend we were hiking laughing joking around enjoying the views but it started to get darker .
and Ive been the the park at night , but this time it was different .
everything went quiet I could n't hear the wind or any birds chirping it was weird .
I felt a weird presence as we kept moving forward it seemed to get foggy .
I was getting excited but my friend seemed to be getting more sick he was very nauseous so he got really quite suddenly as we walked around a trail there was a very tall black man just standing by a tree I did n't pay much attention until we were practically face to face I said hello but he stood quite staring over us like if we were n't there I did n't say much just kept walking I realized after he was wearing strange clothes he was also bare footed now I heard homeless people live up in grifith park so that 's what I thought it was .
I paid no attention to it but as we passed him my friend started to feel better so we decided to keep hiking until we saw the same freaking guy again about a mile away from where we saw him .
we both got freaked out I suddenly got the chills but as we passed him I did n't want to be rude so I said Hi .
he looked at my friend angry and I did n't like that so dogged him and his expression changed and smiled and said hi .
As much as I was scared I did n't want to show it .
I told my friend lets get out of here on the way back down the guy was following us I did n't mind cause there was other hikers and joggers around and I had my dog .
but it was weird when I saw my car from the trail I said out loud ALRIGHT THERES THE CAR WE MADE IT ??? and BOOM I fell straight on my ass !!
it was weird it felt like I was pushed down from my shoulders I got up fast and my friend just looked at me shocked I was about 1 foot away from falling off what it looked to be about 30 foot cliff .
I laughed but what was weird is my shoe fell off LOL till this day I 've never tripped or fallen over nothing but I can tell you it already happened 3 times and only when I go to Griffith park .
I did n't even realize it until I wrote this post but now that I think of it might have been paranormal
Sam V of Los Angeles , CA on 2014 - 06-05 said : Usually its only my dog and i , but we brought my little cousin along .
we went through the trail that starts from the observatory , crossing the bridge that is ontop of the tunnel .
pass by dantes view and up to the top where the tables are at and the hollywood sign is clearly visible .
while we were going back down it was getting really dark out .
the spot we had just passed was where there is a trash can and right next to it a huge rock from there there is a hard turn going down .
this was the area that people have made their own path going up the mountain side .. anyways next to the path are a few pushes .
i stopped and stared towards one of the bushes and i saw a weird looking humanoid thing standing there staring back it was thin and long from its arms i couldnt really see the lower body it seemed to be behind the bush the mmore i stared at it the harder it was to focus on it because of the surroundings being so dark .
then my little cousin started saying hey do you see that ?
i asked what was he seeing ?he said it looks like an alien .
or a ghost .
i was freaking out and so was he .
when we tried getting passed the area as quick as possible everything got really quiet almost still .
even the dirt when we walked made no noise and my dog's hard breathing was silent my cousin pulled me so we could go faster then when a runner with a flashlight on his head passed by ... everything went back to normal .
this freaked me out very much and i try not to go there at night anymore .
it really did look like an alien but it was greyish white kind of transparent .
as to the other comments about the old zoo .. even when i was little and we walked through there , it gives off a very negative vibe i feel anxious and extremely depressed if i go inside the structure .. and passing by it feels like someone is inside and watching you .
rhonda moon of north hollywood , california on 2014 - 02 - 22 said : i was hiking back down trail from observatory to parking lot when all of a sudden i was pushed violently flat on my face on trail .
i looked around me but no one was there .
it felt like hands vilently smacked me down .
Candice Montes Perez of Rancho Cucamonga , CA on 2013 - 11-08 said : Just found out that my great great great grandfather was Don Antonio Feliz .
My husband and are visiting tomorrow , can't wait to see what else I can find out !
ray of los angeles , ca on 2013 - 11 - 05 said : I saw a hairy man just walk out of a bush but it was weird cause he looked like he just conjured himself out thin air .
The bush did n't really move .
Mario of Los Angeles , Ca on 2013 - 10 - 03 said : I use to run at the park all the time back in the early 2000's .
I ran in the morning and at night .
During the day time I would run and the day went get .
At night it 's a lot different .
I felt I was being watched or followed by something .
At night it 's really dark , so dark that i could n't see my hands or feet on front of me .
I knew from running there during the day time that the land is flat and never feel or put a missed placed step .
At night when I would run and felt that strange feeling a coyote would always pull up right beside me on my left side and run with .
I do n't feel afraid of it for some reason .
Even though I 've been told that they do bait .
I would like at him and he would look at me .
I felt kind of protected .
I stopped running there after a while I met a really nice girl and got fat again and life was great .
I would go back every now and them during the day .
But it was not the same .
Love took over .
On one of those times I went back for a run during the day .
I fell kind of nasty .
One of my shoes came off my foot and landed across the street to my right .
It was strange because I never fell at the park not in the night time and during the day .
The fall was strange .
I felt I was pushed from behind and while in mid air my shoe was ripped from my foot and thrown acrross the street .
Almost right after I feel and old lady came from the back and help me up and she even cathered my shoe .
She had strange uneasy look on her face .
And told me that it looked like I throw myself to the ground and kicked my right leg in the air .
I told her that I 've been running for years at the park with out a single fall .
I thanked her for her help .
And she continued on her jog .
I tried to keep up with her out of bride , I guess but the fast I went the fast she went ahead of me .
I slowed down and in a few seconds she was gone .
I told my girlfriend about the fall .
She thought I was joking and she found it to be funny for some reason .
Anyway , she googled the park and found out about the haunting and over all strange happenings .
That 's when I found out about as well .
I never knew or though to google the park for any reason .
We both went for a walk in the morning .
And we both ran into the same old lady .
We stopped and chatted .
She brought out the fall story .
After the chat continued to run in her direction and we went ahead on our direction .
He both looked back after a few seconds and she was gone again .
Within seconds !!!
I feel she is a ghost and she 's the one who pushed me .
She just sounded like she loved telling that story to my girl while I was there .
speedy runner of glendale , ca on 2013 - 03 - 26 said : I run to Griffith Park almost everyday for more than 10 years .
i have done almost every trail there is out there , but almost every time i go for a run i keep finding new ones and I have never seen anything strange .
But one day i found a different trail that took me to where a 1900s car was .
The car looks old and rusty but it was strange to find it on the middle of those mountains my question is how did it got there .
Anna of Santa Clarita , California on 2013 - 02 - 18 said :
My husband and I went to the observatory on a beautiful clear night when we got to the very top of the obsevatory we had our picture take and ONLY around me as with unknown cloudy image almost like we did n't take the picture together .
When I saw the picture immediately gave me this weird erie feeling that some entity was surrounding me .
Anonymous on 2012 - 09 - 12 said : I am not the first , and probably wo n't be the last , but am currently one of the more active horseback riders up in Griffith Park .
My horse lives with me , here in Burbank , and we have covered just about every one of the fifty - plus miles up in the hills .
Most of them multiple times .
I do most of my riding in the evenings or even at night , to avoid the daytime heat .
Have made seven horseback rides to the Greek Theatre for concerts and have ridden to Shakespeare at the Old Zoo several times , also .
Sorry , but I have n't encountered anything scary at all , except for someone firing nine or ten rounds from a pistol in our general vicinity ( near a busy street ) last year !
I do n't believe there were any ghosts involved , but it certainly got our attention .
Thanks for all the stories .
Tony of Los Angeles , CA on 2012 - 08-03 said :
For years I got up before sunrise and ran as much as six miles a day in the park , trying to get up high to watch the sun come up .
I spent a fair amount of time on most of the trails in the dark and never encountered anything creepier than a skunk or coyote .
But a distressed skunk can be kind of scary !
Dakota B of Glendale , California on 2012 -07-01 said : I was at Griffith park just last night for a Shakesperian play in the park .
I noticed the traills that were behind the old bear caverns so I took my eight year old brother with me to walk them .
We walked through almost the entire old zoo , and decided to go back because it was getting dark .
So we went back down by the bear caverns and notice another trail in front of where the caverns were .
We started walking in that direction but did n't get far ..
I was lookin in the cages , and got a very erie feeling .
I turned to my right and looked farther down the walkway , and standing at the end was a really big , really dark entity .
I 'm for certain that it was a demon because I felt like it did not want us there , and I know for other reasons .
So I then told my little brother to run as fast as you can and get out of here .
So we started running and I kept turning around to see where the creature was , and it was getting closer and closer ..
It felt like I was in a horror movie because as soon as we got out of there back to where the play was , all was calm .
I looked back and saw the creature , and another entity that was white and looked like she we in a white dress ..
I 've been through some pretty scary / creepy places ...
But Griffith Park has to be THE scariest ..
Marc Feliz of Rapid City , South Dakota on 2012 - 03 - 15 said : I am Marc Feliz , my father was George Feliz , and my grandfather was Arturo Feliz of the San Fernando Valley .
My father always told us that we were also decendants of Donald Feliz , and that if history went a different way , we'd be doing pretty well by now , lol .
I was told that my grandfather was working on the property , when Douglas Fairbanks
Sr drove through , and his Model ?
Ford got stuck in the mud .
After my grandfather helped him out , he was told to come down to MGM , Paramount , or whatever studio DF
Sr belonged to , and he would give him a job .
He did so and ended up enjoying a long career as a hollywood stunt man .
He is on IMDB as Arthur Felix ( because his first paycheck was misspelled , but it cleared , so he left it ) .
He was in many westerns and was in about every Hopalong Cassidy movie ever made , Ben Hur , etc ...
I hear there is a parade honoring the Feliz estate and their decendants , in Los Feliz ... anyone know if this is true ?
I would love to attend .
I served in the USAF for 22 years and recently retired in Rapid City South Dakota ( Ellsworth AFB ) .
That is why I am here , rather than there .
jelila of los angeles , california on 2011 - 10 - 12 said : i was raised in los angeles really close to griffith park ( 15 min away ) and i have never seen anything and i have been there so many times .
but the park does give me the creeps and does give out some hard negative vibes . " i do believe tho "
Kelyn Roberts of Santa Monicaon 2011-03-04 said : Arguably , the Baldwin's Santa Anita property and the Baldwin Hills were as lucky for Baldwin and his estate long after Griffith 's fate . . .
Anne of Orange , CA. on 2011 -03 -04 said :
In Disneyland there is a schematic set of drawings that Walt and his partner drew for disneyland on the grounds of Griffith Park and then decided to change locations .
I did not see this mentioned but found all of his artwork supposed done in a very short time most interesting .
e of Glendale , Cali on 2011 - 01 - 03 said : I saw a hairy man come out of a bush and then saw 2 random kids pointing at me laughing so I got scared and ran till igot to my family and they did n't believe me the hairy man was naked and kind of looked like a sasquach has anyone seen this in grufith park
jessica of los angeles , california on 2010 - 12 - 31 said : well my grandma was a descendant of the feliz family her great grandmother she told us that she was killed by her husband for the land she left a will but no one could find it it the land would be still in our family today if they would have found it sadly my grandma died last year GLORIA FELIZ DURAN 01/09/26n
Charles on 2010 - 11-08 said :
This past Sunday my buddy and I were out walking the GP Trails , I spotted what I thought was the old abandoned swimming pool .
We made our way carefully toward the area , sure enough this was it !
I was so excited as I had heard stories ( from here too ! ) about its existence , but now I was going to finally get a chance to visit and see it for myself !
Amazingly , the pool and the pool house are in relatively good condition .
And yes , as someone mentioned it is creepy walking into the pool house !
Take a flashlight , I did n't !
The pool seems to go from about 3 to 7 feet at its greatest depth , and is about 50 to 60 feet long .
The pool ladder (s ) to my surprise were incredibly sturdy , however the rickety lifeguard chair was n't holding out so well .
We found the evidence of several worn water bottles scattered about , so this place does receive its share of visitors from time to time .
If you 'd like to see it I suggest rather than hiking down from the trails like we did , instead park down near the Griffith Park Camp Ground Entrance Area ( EAST of the LA Zoo parking area ) .
Make your way up on foot , it 's not as far from the street as one might think , I 'd say about 1 mile , most of that being an asphalt walk sloping upward .
I intend to revisit the area and bring back pictures next time .
Have fun and share your own experience here .
Confidential of Los Angeles , California on 2010 - 08 - 14 said :
The curse at Griffith Park is very true .
I have seen her and I was terrified beyond belief .
Prior to this experience I have never believed in the paranormal .
What I seen appeared to be a women in a light purple pictorial type dress like that of the 1800s with a white bonnet on her head without a face ... however with sparkling stars for eyes .
It was traveling in the air approximately 3 to 4 feet off the ground .
This occurred on a real rainy night at about 3 am .
I will not disclose my job duties at the park however i work graveyard for years and that was the only occurrence .
D of Burbank , CA on 2010 - 07 - 15 said : Beyond the old zoo there is this old pool up in the mountain side ...
I do n't know if anyone else has been there .
There are two trails that lead to the pool and the vacant , run -down pool house .
Just thinking about that pool & pool house puts my stomach in knots .
If you like the feeling of being watched by an unknown " being " I suggest you go on an adventure to that pool .
If you know the trails there , you can see the pool from the top of " ankle breaker " .
Good luck !
claudia of west covina , california on 2010 - 06 - 06 said : a few years back after much story telling we decided to go inside the old l.a zoo cages / building the stairs are very steep but we got in anyway its real creepy there are low ceilings and of course all the walls have writting as well as the floors .
theres a huge star in the middle of the floor ... rumor is that there is certain rituals done there anyhow its creepy even the day
Gerry of Glendale , CA on 2010 - 05 - 24 said : Yeah , there is some strange things roaming around .
Never go alone at night , it is not because of the ghosts .
It becacuse of the danger of the living .
criminal activity .
SASHA of LOS ANGELES , CA on 2010 - 05 - 23 said : Heading to the Old Zoo in a couple of hours for my usual hike .
I have been hiking this area for years now and have never encountered anything creepy .
Just the usual friendly spirits of yesteryear and Col Griffith 's presence making sure no one misbehaves at his glorious park .
america of los angeles , ca on 2010 - 04 - 26 said : I was hiking at the old zoo today with my cousin and 5 year old son .
On the way back down from the 1st trail to the right , we stopped at what must 've been rangers quarters .
We went in heard a very strange metal banging noise .
My son ran out immediately refused to go back in .
All 3 of us went back in about 1 minute after we heard the noise .
My cousin took a picture of my son , when we reviewed the pictures today , you can see the face and shape of a woman on the bottom left hand side .
Very eerie and scary .
Has anyone had anything like this happen to them at the old zoo ?
Patrick of Birkner , California on 2010 - 03-09 said : I went treasure hunting with my son who was 7 at the time 3 years ago .
This place is full of surprises if you know where to look .
Just think how many people have hidden things up there for the last 150 years .
Jackpot !!!
Tesa of Van Nuys , CA on 2010 - 01 - 07 said : I work for the San Fernando Historical Society , and our information says that Col.
Griffith donated the land for the park to the City of Los Angeles due to his son's crime ( I believe murder ) .
To keep his son out of prison , the Colonel donated the land and the son joined the Army .
Anonymous of San Luis Obispo , CA on 2009 - 10 - 18 said : I grew up in the L.A. area and have been to Griffith Park numorous times and have never seen or experienced anything out of the ordinary ( not to say i discount the stories , I very much believe in paranormal activities and have expirienced many other " events " ) but the L.A. Zoo has ALWAYS given me the creeps ever since I first went there as a kid in the early ' 80's .
Brian Gleeson of LA , CA on 2009 - 08 - 05 said : I run in and work in the park daily never seen a ghost but the area by the Old LA Zoo has some negative energy only place in the park I have ever felt it
kristine lake of newport , vermont on 2009 - 07 - 24 said :
While atending college at csuf , I attended a class taught by Judy Suchey .
She was a forensic anthropologist for Orange County , as well as a professor there at the school .
She told of discovering 2 headstones in the weeds at Griffith Park .
She had been unable to discover any information about them , but was thinking of submitting her ' find ' to a t.v. show like the old Unsolved Mysteries .
Anonymous of Los Angeles , CA on 2009 - 03 - 26 said : I work at CBS establishment here in LA , doing security for them .
I have a co-worker who did security for the LA Zoo .
He 's told me stories of some of his fellow security guards that have actually seen Pentranilla dressed in a white victorian dress .
They say she only comes out when it rains though , kinda errie ..
And seriously , what a shady story .
Are these stories true ?
Jack of Redondo Beach , California on 2009 - 03-08 said : I 'm only 11 years old , and have been up the Griffith Hills once .
I 'm usually a very fortunate person , but hiking there gave me horrible luck that day .
I was chased by an unusually large coyote , and nearly bitten by a rattlesnake .
The strangest thing though , was when I reached the top , I saw a kid about my age .
I walked up to warn him about the coyote , and I quote him , " I 'm quite glad you warned me .
Here , take this , its good luck . " he said , handing me an old - style firecracker , made out of something like a shoot of bamboo .
I thanked him , although severely unimpressed .
He then took off through a small path through the bushes .
Alone , and worried about the coyote , I rushed down the same path , attempting to catch up with him , but I never found him .
I gave up , and went back to my normal pace .
I stuck my hand in my pocket , looking for the firecracker , but it was n't in my pocket , and there were no holes in it either .
I have n't gone back to it since , but I never forgot the strange events that happened that day .
Anthony Pena Sr. of downey , Ca on 2008 - 09 - 23 said : Myself and 5 friends went to an area of griffith park not visible to the road that leads to the tunnel to the observatory , we pulled into a parking lot to our left off the beaten path toward the hillside is an " ampitheatre " probably used for school kids , made entirely of concrete with a stage at the forefront with a very large brick fireplace .
We were sitting at different levels and points , when from the left side of the brick structure facing us what appeared to be thick smoke or a cloud rose from the ground to approx .
waist height at this point it began to take the shape of a human upper torso , head , neck , chest , shoulders , arms only .
facing us it moved forward to the front of the brick structure turned to its left and floated ( at normal height no pelvis or legs ) past the fireplace , past the other side of the brick structure , where as it began to pass the cement stage area it faded / evaporated from sight .
this entire episode lasted approx .
10 - 15 seconds .
but has haunted me possibly 25 years now .
It appeared to be from the late 1800's .
Salvador Magana of Fresno , CA on 2008 - 09 -09 said : a brother [ of ] mine is a singer , he [ went ] to Griffith park to take a few pictures for his new CD and he was photograped at many places inside the Griffith park but only when he was over a big rounded rock with a plate on it , many orbs appear in some pictures , other picture show one really big orb over him .
Anonymous II of Encino , California on 2008 - 03 - 26 said : I have worked at the LA Zoo for over 25 years .
One of our security guards has seen the ghost and so have several other workers .
They all describe her the same way , what she 's wearing and how she appears .
The story goes that she has to come and re-do the curse after each rain as the rain washes the curse away .
I am looking forward to seeing her myself , and yes I believe this !
marty of pasadena , ca on 2008 - 03 - 06 said : I have been up and down the griffith park hills hundreds of times .
On the way down it is almost always in the dark , and by myself .
No ghosts - only animals and living people .
The only unusual thing is that everytime I run really hard up to the top , I have some great deep revelation about my life .
Perhaps a good spirit up there , or just the endorphines dropping with hard exercize
Karla Maria Hessler of Baldwin Park , CA. on 2008 - 02 - 24 said : I am doing physical research on this , to try and conclude the and verify the story of ghost sightings .
We will see , I have done alot of reaserch within several other places considered to have ghost sightings , and nothing has come up yet .
I will be visiting and we will just have to see .
I will post another comment within visits , to do physical research on several parts of the park .
I will keep you posted .
Any questions or any specific comments on things you want me to try out , let me know .
Thanks calkitty20@yahoo.com
Michael Imlay of Los Angeles , California on 2008 - 01 - 17 said : Regarding the post / comments on the Feliz Curse and Griffith Park .
I'm a Los Angeles - based writer doing research on the topic .
If the anonymous commenter ( 10-31-2007 ) who says his dad works at the L.A. zoo and saw the ghost reads this , or if there 's any way to contact him / her , I 'd really like to get in touch for details .
I can be contacted at the email address admin@mimlay.com or through my website ( www.mimlay.com).
Thanks .
Star of San Jose , CA on 2007 - 11 - 18 said :
There was another fire there within the last year ( May 8 , 2007 ) that burned a fairly large area , over 817 acres of Griffith Park and destroyed Dante 's View , Captain 's Roost and a bird sanctuary .
It was started when apparently a homeless man fell asleep with a cigarette in the bushes .
Anonymous on 2007 - 10 - 31 said :
My dad works at the l.a. zoo and him and his other friends said they saw the ghost .
Outside Links :
Outside References :
Last Edited : 2016-05-16
Dermot O'Leary interviews Nick Clegg about the issues important to first time voters in a programme to be transmitted on the eve of the second Leaders debate .
O'Leary grills Clegg about his performance in the first debate and asks him what the Liberal Democrats will really do about tuition fees .
Republican Party Chairman Michael Steele is facing criticism from his own party after making controversial comments about the Afghanistan war .
A puppet in the image of the chairman appeared on Comedy Central ’s The Daily Show Monday to explain himself .
Speaking at a fundraiser last week , Steele was caught on video saying that the Afghanistan war was a “ war of Obama ’s choosing ” and was probably a “ lost cause . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Sen . Lindsey Graham called Steele ’s remarks “ uninformed , unnecessary , unwise . ” Liz Cheney , Bill Kristol and Rep. Tom Cole all called for Steele to resign .
Comedy Central ’s Jon Stewart wondered Monday why Steele seemed to be standing against his own party ’s ideals .
“ Forget about the fact that we ’ve been in Afghanistan since before Obama was a gleam in the Senate ’s eye , ” said Stewart .
“ Forget about the fact that this non-act of war has cost the United States thousands of casualties and focus on this : this is the head of Republican Party going against one of his party ’s core principles , blowing shit up in other countries . ”
“ It ’s like Jews for Jesus .
It ’s like Democrats for competence , ” joked Stewart .
The Comedy Central host welcomed Michael Steele ’s puppet to comment on his remarks .
Stewart first interviewed the puppet posing as Steele in April .
“ Fourth of July , babism ! ” exclaimed the puppet .
“ I ’m feeling the thrill of the grill because you know I likes to chill .
What !
What ! ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Yes , I had to say I did not expect to you be this upbeat .
Your comments about Afghanistan are very controversial , ” Stewart explained .
“ I nailed it .
I hibbled that jibble on a dribble , ” said Steele .
Stewart pointed out that Republicans like John McCain were questioning Steele ’s future as the head of the Republican Party .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ No , no , no , ai n’t no Republican Party like a Michael Steele Republican Party because a Michael Steele Republican Party do n’t — the roof is on fire !
We do n’t need no water ! ” replied Steele .
“ I think you are confusing rap metaphors .
Your anti-Afghanistan war stance is the antithesis of your party ’s basic platform , ” interrupted Stewart .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I ’m keeping it real Tatum O’Neal , ” answered Steele .
“ How do you plan on diffusing your comments about Afghanistan ? ” asked Stewart .
“ I do what I always do .
Maybe I say something about 9/11 being an inside job or I get caught with a boy locked in my basement .
A week from now nobody will even know I was talking about Afghanistan , ” said Steele .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ It ai n’t easy when you ’re running a ponzi scheme of stupid ! ” Steele concluded .
This video is from Comedy Central ’s The Daily Show , broadcast July 5 , 2010 .
W – Claude Giroux
I ’ve got to give some love to all the gingers out there , especially with all this Kick a Ginger non-sense .
Not only is Giroux tearing up the playoffs as a sophmore , but he 's got a glorious beard that Sidney Crosby dreams of .
Giroux is like a super ginger when the Flyers play in their home orange .
Thick and fiery , just like Groundskeeper Willie .
C – Joe Thornton
This is the first time that Thornton has made it far enough in the playoffs to sport anything more than a thick 5 o’clock shadow .
He very narrowly edges out teammate Patrick Marleau for the centre position , but Joe ’s been battered by critics for so long that it ’s nice to give him some sort of playoff award .
It 's not like he 's going to win a Conn Smythe anytime soon .
W – Simon Gagne
Gagne is doing his best to disprove the stereotype that centuries of Quebec in - breeding has caused genetics that only allow men to grow beards that come in like Max Lappiere and Danny Briere at best .
Too far ?
D - Brent Seabrook
This spot was supposed to be for Brian Campbell , but there are absolutely no good pictures of Campbell on the net , which suggests that he has done nothing over the Stanley Cup Final .
I seriously went through 300 pictures on NHL.com ( yes , I 'm a lunatic ) .
Plus , that would be way too much love for the gingers .
Do n't want to give them too much self - confidence .
Campbell is lucky I did n't replace him with Brent Sopel 's Mexican drug dealer beard .
D – Rob Blake
Blake is definitely the elder statesman on the team which definitely gives him the edge over his younger counterparts .
You expect Old Man Blake to bust out a good beard .
Thankfully for Blake , his beard does n’t age him as badly as Scott Niedermayer ’s salt and pepper did .
G – Antti Niemi
The goalie position was harder to pick .
Ryan Miller started growing his beard earlier than the playoffs , so he does n’t count .
Roberto Luongo was so shaken by the Blackhawks that he actually shaved his playoff beard .
And Chris Mason and his woolly mammoth were not in the playoffs .
It basically came down to Niemi and Leighton .
We ’ll give the nod to Niemi since he ’s played every game this post - season .
Honourable Mentions : Ben Eager , Kris Versteeg , Patrick Marleau
Athletes are a strange breed .
Routine and superstition bordering on OCD rules many .
Some routines are as innocuous as eating the same meal every game day , while others are as odorous and disgusting as peeing on your own hands ( yes , I ’m talking about you Jorge Posada ) .
Allegedly , Jorge pees on his hands to toughen them up and that 's why he does n't need to wear batting gloves .
During the playoffs , when a player ’s season is on the line , superstitions and rituals often become more rigid .
No one wants to lose the Stanley Cup because they did n’t wear their lucky underwear .
The most widespread playoff tradition in hockey is the playoff beard .
Players stop shaving when their teams enter the playoffs and do n’t shave until it's all over - whether that be elimination or Stanley Cup victory .
Some players , like Henrik Zetterberg , grow their beard and keep it year round , deciding to emulate their Viking ancestors with a magnificent mane .
I ’m going to say that Zetterberg does this because he plays like every game is a playoff game .
Go with it .
The originators of the playoff beard are widely credited as being the New York Islanders in the 1980s .
Although , the tradition might be a little older than that .
Dave Lewis said the tradition actually started during the Islanders ’ playoff run in 1975 , which was the first time the team made the post - season .
" I recall that playoff beards were an important part of every playoff we were in , " Lewis said .
" Part of the rationale was that it was a symbol that this was a different time , separate from the regular season .
It was the championship season .
It was also part of the unity of our team and I think we thought we probably looked a little more rugged with beards .
( via NHL.com
The Islanders grew out their beards and won four consecutive Stanley Cups .
Was it the power of the beards or was it just the product of having multiple future Hall of Famers like Bryan Trottier ?
I 'll go with beards .
However , the playoff beard tradition did not catch on until the 90s .
The Edmonton Oilers did not grow out beards as a team , nor did the Montreal Canadiens or Calgary Flames ( the other Stanley Cup winners of the 80s ) .
The 1994 New York Rangers notably refused to grow playoff beards because it was started by the rival Islanders .
You ca n’t support your rivals , even if it means looking like a badass .
The tradition seemed to resume with the New Jersey Devils in 1995 and teams have embraced it on a wider scale ever since .
Some see the playoff beard as a silly superstition that operates at a minimal 6.25 % efficiency ( only 1 of 16 playoff teams will lift Lord Stanley ’s mug ) , but I like to think of it more as an act of solidarity and camaraderie .
These are the men you ’re going to battle with every night and it ’s an easy way to feel connected to each other .
In 2003 , J.S. Giguere stated that both he and his wife hated his playoff beard , which was thicker than a Northern Ontario forest , but he did it for the team .
Of course , not all beards are created equal .
For every J.S. Giguere , there is a Sidney Crosby .
Poor Sid grew a wispy moustache envied by every 12 - year - old male across the country .
But you have to give credit to Crosby for sticking with his teammates , despite looking like a Quebecois smut peddler .
In honour of the best playoff beards this post - season I present the first annual Wendel Clark All - Stars .
If you own a Pre , you like to tempt fate , and you do n't faint at the mere thought of your phone melting into a nondescript heap of plastic and silicon , have we got some exciting news for you : some crazy dude with a death wish has somehow eked an honest gigahertz out of the Pre 's OMAP3430 processor that normally plods along at 600M Hz .
Of course , this is n't the first time the phone 's been overclocked , but traditionally , those overclocks have topped out around 800MHz -- so if you need serious speed and do n't mind nuking your battery at a record pace , this so - called " F105 Thunderchief " kernel project is one that you 're going to want to keep an eye on .
The project 's owner says " do not install this if you like your phone , " so ... you know , proceed with extreme caution , especially considering that your warranty 's probably going to dry up as fast as your battery .
Follow the break for the blood - curdling action on video .
White House Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel
White House Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel , WND has learned , lived rent - free in Washington , D.C. , for years , thanks in part to a friend under contract with oil giant BP .
While the White House approaches " day 50 " of the environmental disaster caused by an explosion on BP 's Deepwater Horizon oil rig , unable yet to stop the flowing crude in the Gulf , several media sources have questioned the administration 's efforts to regulate BP prior to the incident .
WND 's research further raises the question of whether the White House was compromised by Emanuel 's financial ties to the company .
Emanuel lived for five years rent - free in an apartment owned by Rep. Rosa DeLauro , D - Conn. , and her husband , Stanley Greenberg , whose consulting firm was a prime architect in BP 's efforts to recast itself as a " green " corporation and recipient of hundreds of thousands of dollars awarded through a committee chaired by Emanuel .
TRENDING : The Bidens avoided paying more than $ 500,000 in payroll taxes by exploiting S corporations
Greenberg research helped reposition BP as a " green company "
The Greenberg Quinlan Rosner consulting firm 's website details a case study for client BP in which the firm " helped BP plan and evaluate its successful re-branding campaign , focusing the company 's branding on energy solutions , including the development of solar and other renewable energy sources . "
Greenberg Quinlin Rosner 's research also contributed to a $ 200 million advertising campaign in which British Petroleum attempted to shorten its name to " BP " and redesign its corporate insignia to emphasize a " Beyond Petroleum " theme .
Critics have characterized the BP advertising campaign prompted by Greenberg Quinlin Rosner research as " greenwashing , " a process in which corporations disingenuously portray their efforts as fitting into a politically correct , " green , " environment - oriented sensitivity to alternative energy .
Greenberg Quinlan Rosner is also tied heavily to the Democratic Party , as it created a sister political consulting company named " GCS , " an acronym based on the last names of the principals – Stanley Greenberg of GQR , James Carville , the long - term adviser of Bill Clinton , and Bob Schrum , the campaign manager for Sen .
John Kerry 's unsuccessful 2004 presidential campaign .
Emanuel 's money ties to Greenberg
Within weeks of Obama 's inauguration , newspaper reports discovered Emanuel living rent - free in DeLauro 's and Greenberg 's home and began asking questions .
RELATED : BP employees may face criminal charges
" One issue is whether Emanuel , who served in the House with DeLauro until early January ( 2009 ) , should have listed the room either as a gift or as income on his congressional financial disclosure forms , " Washington - based correspondent Andrew Zajac wrote in the Chicago Tribune on Feb. 24 , 2009 .
" A murkier question is whether Emanuel has a tax liability for the relationship , " he continued .
" The matter may have particular sensitivity in the early days of an Obama administration in which at least four picks for high posts have had confirmations delayed or derailed by tax irregularities . "
Initially , DeLauro countered by issuing a statement that " we have no separate apartment in our D.C. house , no rental apartment , " claiming instead that bedrooms and living areas in the house " are often used by close family and friends . "
Dick Morris and Eileen McGann further commented in the New York Post that Emanuel " also served as chairman of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee – which gave Greenberg huge polling contracts . "
" [ The DCCC ] paid Greenberg 's firm $ 239,996 in 2006 and $ 317,775 in 2008 , " Morris and McGann wrote .
After consulting tax experts , Morris and McGann estimated that Emanuel 's rent - free income for the five years he lived in the DeLauro / Greenberg apartment " could easily add up to more than $ 100,000 . "
At the time , Obama administration called BP a model for safety
Last year , the federal Minerals Management Service , a part of the U.S. Department of the Interior , heralded the BP Deepwater Horizon rig as a model of safety , according to a May 16 Associated Press report .
Facing intense criticism for the failure of the Department of Interior to note problems with the Deepwater Horizon rig prior to the collapse , Interior Department secretary Ken Salazar announced last month a major reorganization breaking the Minerals Management Service into three divisions to split what Salazar called the conflicting duties of regulating oil companies while simultaneously collecting revenues from them .
Last week , Salazar announced that Bob Abbey , formerly head of the Interior Department 's Bureau of Land Management , was being reassigned to head and restructure the Minerals Management Service , replacing former director Elizabeth Birnbaum , who resigned suddenly under pressure for lax oversight in light of the Deepwater Horizon disaster .
In the announcement of Abbey 's appointment , the Associated Press noted , Abbey was being called upon " to reverse a culture in which regulators favored the oil and natural gas industry , " while oil and natural gas inspectors under Birnbaum 's management " accepted trips , gifts and other favors from the industry . "
A while back I posted about solving Project Euler ’s problem 14 ( aka Collatz conjecture ) in JavaScript , for those just joining us in lieu of a recap I ’ll let Randall Munroe explain things :
The object of the exercise is to find the number with the longest Collatz orbit under a certain limit , in other words the number which takes the most iterations to get to 1 .
I started using this question when interviewing and it got me thinking how fast I could get it to run .
This post is the result , basically it ’s a study of how much time I can waste optimizing a very small toy problem as well as a blatant violation of the two rules of optimization :
Do n’t optimize ( Experts only )
Do n’t optimize yet
Along the way I ’ll try to find some general lessons we can learn .
Finding the asymptotic complexity of the maximal Collatz orbit is beyond my meagre mathematical / CS abilities , but I take comfort in knowing that ( for the moment at least ) I ’m in good company .
The best case for finding the Collatz orbit length for a number N is when N is a power of two , in this case we halve the number until we get to one , exactly log 2 ( N ) steps .
However I seem to remember from uni that not all numbers are powers of two .
As for the worst case , this is unknown , if Collatz conjecture is wrong then there exists a number for which it takes ∞ steps , this takes us out of the field of complexity and into the halting problem land .
Since the problem at hand requires finding the Collatz orbits of all numbers up to a given N we must multiply by N to get a minimum of N*log ( N ) .
Failing to mathematically deduce the complexity leaves us with the empiric way , if we count how many times we call the collatz function we ’ll know its complexity this is charted as operations in the following graph and we can see that it falls between N*log ( N ) and N2 ( which means that the orbit for each given number is ≤ Θ ( N ) ) .
Other series in the chart are how many operations take place when memoizing takes place ( as described in my previous post ) and the space complexity ( cache size ) when using said optimization .
Setting the baseline
The problem with C++ is that it ’s too fast , the original problem required us to find the number with the longest Collatz orbit under one million and do this in less than a minute .
The most basic solution takes 0.734 seconds , so I did all my measurements on 10,000,000 which took 8.263 seconds for the iterative solution ; this number will serve as our baseline [ 1 ] .
int iterative ( int limit ) { std :: pair <int , int > max = std::make_pair(0 , 0 ) ; for ( int i = 2 ; i <= limit ; ++i ) { unsigned long long curr = i ; int len = 1 ; for ( ; curr != 1 ; ++len ) curr = collatz ( curr ) ; if ( len > max. first ) max = std::make_pair( len , i ) ; } return max .
second ; }
Iterative to recursive
The problem with memoizing the values of the numbers we pass through is that we do n’t know what the value will be before we run into it , this makes a recursive solution much more natural than the iterative solution .
I made the function receive the cache as a template argument , this way the compiler can inline all the function calls for different types of caches .
template < class T > int length ( unsigned long long n , T& cache ) { if ( n == 1 ) return 1 ; int ret = cache.
get ( n ) ; if ( ret ) return ret ; ret = 1 + length ( collatz ( n ) , cache ) ; cache.set (n , ret ) ; return ret ; }
Now all we have to do is plug in the caching methods , first we ’ll use no caching to see the algorithm is OK .
struct no_cache { void set ( unsigned long long , int ) { } int get ( unsigned long long ) const { return 0 ; } } ;
Unfortunately the recursive method is much slower ( all those function calls are n’t free ) and we ’re now clocking in at 20.83 seconds ( 252 % of our baseline ) .
Let ’s see if we can shave this time off .
Simple cache
The simplest cache to use is std :: map the bread and butter of any C++ programmer , here ’s an adapter class so we can plug in different types of maps .
template < class T > class map_cache { T map ; public : int get ( unsigned long long n ) { typename T::iterator i = map. find(n ) ; if ( i == map.end ( ) ) return 0 ; return i-> second ; } void set ( unsigned long long n , int i ) { map.insert(std ::make_pair(n , i ) ) ; } } ;
This clocks in at 20 seconds , a small improvement , but wait , why does it feel so slow ?
Putting in another timer I see that it ’s actually taking 25.3 seconds ( 306 % ) , the extra time ( after the solution was found ) goes into destroying the map .
Hash map
std ::map has logarithmic complexity , a no - brainer would be to use a constant time cache , luckily Visual Studio 9 supplies std::tr1::unordered_map , that ’s bound to improve things .
Nope , 26.22 , things are just going from bad to worse ( 317 % ) , how can a constant speed algorithm do worse than a logarithmic one ?
Well it all depends on your constants , it ’s easy to forget that as programmers we mostly use bounded numbers ; even logarithmic complexity on a 32 bit number is constant if you take the big view .
Anyway things are n’t that bad , if we try using boost :: unordered_map instead of the Visual Studio ’s implementation we “ only ” take 14.57 seconds ( 176 % ) .
Lesson 1 : I would n’t go so far to say that MS ’s implementation of unordered_map is inferior but you should remember that you depend on the quality of the implementation you ’re using and some implementations will work better with some data sets .
Vectoring in on a solution
One of my interviewees suggested using a vector rather than a map , at least for the first N elements .
The reasoning is that we know we ’ll be accessing all these numbers so there ’s no need to use a data structure that supports sparsity , this way we gain the natural advantages of std:: vector namely low overhead and high data locality ( changes in bold blue ) .
template < class T > class vec_map { protected : const unsigned long long limit ; std::vector < int > vec ; T map ; public : explicit vec_map ( int limit ) : limit( limit ) , vec( limit ) { } int get ( unsigned long long n ) const { if ( n < limit ) return vec[ static_cast < int > ( n ) ] ; typename T:: const_iterator i = map.find(n ) ; if ( i != map.end ( ) ) return i-> second ; return 0 ; } void set ( unsigned long long n , int i ) { if ( n < limit ) vec[ static_cast < int > ( n ) ] = i ; else map.insert(std::make_pair(n , i ) ) ; } } ;
That made quite a difference , now we ’re down to 8.32 seconds ( less that 101 % of the iterative method but still above 100 % ) what else can we squeeze out ?
Lesson 2 : “ Invisible ” considerations such as data locality and cache friendliness [ 2 ] can have a very profound affect .
“ Invisible ” considerations such as data locality and cache friendlinesscan have a very profound affect .
Being Picky
Our cache grows to be rather big , for the 10 M range we have 21,730,848 elements stored , perhaps we can reduce that number .
Lets think of when we can encounter a number .
When checking this specific number ( relevant only for numbers ≤ N ) Reaching the number from above ( coming from 2N ) Reaching the number from below ( coming from ( N - 1 ) / 3 )
So if we only consider the numbers greater than our initial range any value stored in the cache will be used at most one time !
That seems rather wasteful , it means that once we use a number we can remove it from the cache .
It also means that some numbers that are cached are never used since they cannot be not reached from below ( if the number - 1 is not divisible by 3 ) .
template < class T > class selective_vec_map { protected : const unsigned long long limit ; std::vector <int > vec ; T map ; public : explicit selective_vec_map( int limit ) : limit( limit ) , vec( limit ) { } int get ( unsigned long long n ) const { if ( n < limit ) return vec[ static_cast < int > ( n ) ] ; if ( ( ( n - 1 ) % 3 ) !=
0 ) return 0 ; typename T:: const_iterator i = map.find(n ) ; if ( i != map.end ( ) ) { int ret = i-> second ; map.erase ( i ) ; return ret ; } return 0 ; } void set ( unsigned long long n , int i ) { if ( n < limit ) vec[ static_cast < int > ( n ) ] = i ; else if ( (( n - 1 ) % 3 ) != 0 ) map.insert(std::make_pair(n , i ) ) ; } } ;
Great now we ’re down to 6.095 seconds 73.76 % of the iterative solution , all the hard work was worth something !</ pat self on back > but wait why are we paying for destruction of the cache ?
We do n’t need to reclaim the memory ( the process is exiting , the OS will take care of that ) and we know that int and unsigned long long do n’t have side effects during destruction .
This goes against a C++ programmer ’s training but leaking memory during exit is not a big deal , all we need to do is add a malicious destructor .
~ selective_vec_map ( ) { T* leak = new T( ) ; map.swap(* leak ) ; }
Now we ’re down to 4.77 seconds just 57.8 percent of our original time .
Lesson 3 : If you know that there are no needed side effects to destroying objects it may improve the user ’s experience to forgo on unneeded cleanup ( I personally hate it when an application I close takes its time shutting down ) .
Here ’s a graph to recap .
The other fork in the road
Another obvious optimization ( at least it ’s obvious in retrospect , I only thought of it after writing most of this post ) is to look at only the second half of the numbers in the range .
The number with the longest orbit ca n’t be less than limit / 2 since for every number N ≤ limit , 2N is also in our range and orbit ( N * 2 ) = orbit ( N ) + 1 .
When looking at only the second half of the numbers in the range our iterative solution takes 4.1 seconds ( just over 50 % of the time as one would expect ) and there is no detectable change in the caching methods ( we have to cache the same number of elements ) .
All that hard work which got us down to 58 % and changing 2 to limit / 2 does better , it ’s almost enough to make me cry .
Lesson 4 : Do n’t get attached to your code , if something better comes along do n’t hesitate to throw out the fruit of your toil .
The Elephant in the room
Some of you may have noticed that this is an embarrassingly parallel problem , if you have n’t noticed this fact it ’s time for a paradigm shift .
My computer today is dual core ( pretty low end I know ) and I do n’t expect to see a single core computer ( baring embedded devices ) in the future .
By using Microsoft ’s Parallel Patterns Library ( available in VS10 ) I can write code that will scale to use all available CPUs on the target machine .
#include " ppl.h " int parallel ( int limit ) { auto max = std::make_pair(0,0 ) ; Concurrency ::concurrent_vector<decltype(max ) > convec ; Concurrency ::parallel_for(limit/2 , limit+1 , // +1 to include limit [ &convec ] ( int i ) { convec.push_back(std::make_pair(i , orbit( i ) ) ) ; } ) ; std::for_each(convec.begin( ) , convec.end ( ) , [ &max ] ( decltype( max ) curr ) { if ( curr.second > max.second ) max = curr ; } ) ; return max .
first ; }
This example uses some of the C++0 x features available in VS10 as well as the PPL library .
Using PPL takes about 58 % of the time on a dual core machine , add that to the 50 % improvement supplied by limit / 2 and we have a winner even on a measly dual core machine .
Running the same program on a 16 core machine only takes 11.9 % with no code changes ( or recompilation ) .
Lesson 5 : Technology is changing keep up with it .
Edit : I ca n’t believe I did n’t know about combinable which makes the parallel code even faster ( it keeps one value per thread in TLS ) .
#include " ppl.h " int parallel ( int limit ) { typedef std:: pair<int , int > pint ; Concurrency : : combinable < pint > comb ; Concurrency :: parallel_for ( limit/2 , limit+1 , [ &comb ] ( int i ) { auto p = std::make_pair(i , orbit( i ) ) ; if ( p.second > comb.local ( ) .second ) comb.local ( ) = p ; } ) ; auto max = comb.combine ( [ ] ( pint a , pint b ) { return a.second < b.second ? b : a ; } ) ; return max .
first ; }
I guess I have n’t been keeping up with technology 😦
[ 1 ] I ’m using unsigned long long since int is n’t big enough . ↩
[ 2 ]
One of the best talks I ’ve seen online was Herb Sutter ’s Machine Architecture : Things Your Programming Language Never Told
You ( video , slides ) it ’s a bit long ( almost two hours ) but well worth watching !
I gained a whole new perspective on how computers work and what to keep in mind while coding . ↩
Ted Haggard is back .
The disgraced former pastor and his loyal wife Gayle ( her new book is out on why she stayed with him ) have incorporated a new church -- sort of .
In 2006 Rev. Haggard , then head of the National Association of Evangelicals and senior pastor of Colorado Spring 's booming New Life Church , was discovered hiding a life of gay sex and meth use .
The couple stayed out of the limelight for a while then two years ago , he returned to the preaching trail , giving talks at churches around the country .
So , he told The Colorado Gazette , the Haggards incorporated their Colorado Springs home at the new church of St. James ...
primarily " to keep the accounting in order " for money the Haggards received speaking at evangelical churches across the country .
The St. James provides a tax structure for the Haggards to be reimbursed for out - of - pocket expenses they incur while speaking at other churches .
The couple returned to their hometown after staying away for several years in accord with the agreement he made with his New Life board .
But last fall , according to The Gazette , he began holding prayer meetings and at least one former congregant told the paper he'd be happy to pray with Haggard .
Said Richard Tegtmeier ,
Ted is a very effective teacher .
The extreme difficulty he 's been through has deepened and enriched his life .
However , the news is bringing out the snark in online responses as it moves across the Internet from Christianity Today , where someone suggested the church be named " Second Church of the Hypocrite , " to Huffington Post where a poster noted ,
So ... Christians are the most forgiving group out there ... or the most gullible .
Do even fallen pastors get a great second chance ?
Or has Haggard , even if he finds personal forgiveness , lost the moral authority to preach ?
On the other hand , you 're inviting a crisis in the markets when your finances are n't sustainable and you 're not acting .
My view would be you want to find a fine balance between the two objectives : maintain the stimulus but come up with a medium term plan .
In the U.S. if there were real commitments to raise the retirement age in Social Security or cut back on Medicare , you 'd have the best of both worlds .
Let 's say we cast you as financial minister for some of these better - off countries , like France , Britain , and Germany .
Are you saying : " Cut back spending now ! "
Or are you advising a different a stimulus now / re - balancing later approach ?
You can't have everybody tightening their budget at the same time .
That way , we 'll go into a hell of a global slump .
You need some countries tightening while others are expanding their fiscal help .
When I see Germany cutting their budget , they 're just making it harder for the other cutting to work , because they 're slumping global demand .
Germany 's tightening compounds the global problem .
Still , Krugman seems to take the line that there are no consequences to throwing money at the problem forever .
I 'd look at Jeffrey Sachs commentary in this morning in the Financial Times .
He 's arguing that Keynesian economics has run out of its use , and that issues of sovereign debt [ that is , debt of foreign countries ] now takes precedence .
I 'm interested in the case of the United Kingdom .
The new British Prime Minister David Cameron recently said spending cuts were forthcoming and the country should prepare for decades of ripple effects .
That shocked me .
The UK is running a similar deficit to the United States , near 10 % of GDP .
Its debt - to - GDP ratio is also similar the U.S.
But here in America , we 're not talking about austerity or decades of pain , at all .
What 's going on with Britain I 'm not seeing ?
I have n't looked at their case very closely .
But first they 're more closely tied to Europe , so you 've got that higher threat of contagion .
It 's also got to do with their financial system .
They 've got a huge banking system that took a real big hit and the government might still have to take over a lot of the loans .
Their public finances are compromised beyond the numbers that you can see .
They 're really not in good shape , and they 're very clearly on a path that can not be sustained .
However , Britain is in the fortunate position that is not stuck with a fixed exchange rate [ like Greece , Spain , Portugal and other peripheral countries in the EU who will likely have to go through a period of deflation to become competitive with the rest of the continent ] .
As they 're tightening their budget they 're letting the pound depreciate like crazy .
That will lead to high exports down the road .
They can do fiscal adjustment in a way that Greece and Spain cannot .
Let 's bring it back to the United States .
In the short term , a crisis in Europe will lower our yields , which might have the ricochet effect of making it cheaper to , say , finance a home .
So that 's not bad .
But how might this play out for us in the medium / long term ?
ON THE RECORD
On Demand - On
The Record follows a former hip hop executive as she wrestles with the decision whether to make public her rape by one of the most powerful men in the music industry .
Carne Ross is a man with too much to say to mince his words .
Britain 's erstwhile first secretary at the UN saw a lot of how Britain got into the Iraq war , but his evidence to the Chilcot inquiry went much further , with some very harsh words for the inquiry itself .
The classic establishment inquiry , especially one with " lessons learned " as its highest aim , finds that mistakes have been made but that everyone did their best and no one lied .
Previous Chilcot witnesses have played this game and , while it remains to be seen whether the inquiry will play along , they have rarely been challenged .
Ross ( not Sir Carne , you will note ) is now saying pretty bluntly that people lied before the war and are still lying and that Chilcot is not equipped to deal with it .
That 's what happens when you let a known whistleblower in .
In a very hard - hitting written statement , Ross has again made clear that he did not see any case for war , either on the basis of the supposed failure of the policy of containing Iraq or based on the threat from its alleged weapons of mass destruction .
On the first point , he is very well - placed to challenge the claims of previous witnesses , having been responsible for negotiating the policy at the UN until the middle of 2002 .
On the latter , he was less well - placed , although he does say that he saw all the intelligence .
Ross said it was " inaccurate to claim , as some earlier witnesses have done , that containment was failing and that sanctions were collapsing " .
This claim was made from the first day of the inquiry , by witnesses such as Sir William Patey , who , Ross points out , said that sanctions were " leaking all over the place " .
In a footnote , Ross says that " this was not the official assessment at the time and is a judgment that is not borne out in the relevant policy documents " .
Ah , the documents .
Ross rams the point home at the end of his statement when he addresses the inquiry 's failings :
" It is striking that in my preparations for this testimony , I found several documents germane to the inquiry whose existence was not revealed by earlier witnesses , including those who authored them .
Other documents by certain officials contradicted the testimony they have given at this inquiry and yet these witnesses were not questioned about these contradictions . "
Ross uses his statement to reveal the contents of some of the documents that he has seen .
But he has also been censored : " I was informed by the inquiry staff that I was not in public session to refer to or reveal the contents of classified documents which I reviewed in preparing my testimony . "
Two of his footnotes have been " redacted on grounds of international relations " .
When it comes to the threat allegedly posed by Iraq , Ross says this was " intentionally and substantially exaggerated in public government documents " , notably by the drafters of the September 2002 Iraq dossier .
It happened " in a way that allowed those participating to convince themselves that they were not engaged in blatant dishonesty .
But this process led to highly misleading statements about the UK assessment of the Iraqi threat that were , in their totality , lies . "
Elsewhere , Ross talks of possible " perjury " by Chilcot witnesses and of " mendacity " .
These are not the sort of words you are supposed to use at an establishment inquiry .
Robert , Louisiana ( CNN ) --
Three attempts to pump mud and 16 tries to stuff solid material into a breached Gulf of Mexico oil well failed to stop the flow , top BP executives said Saturday , and engineers and executives with the oil giant have decided to " move on to the next option . "
That option : Place a custom - built cap to fit over the " lower marine riser package , " BP chief operation officer Doug Suttles said .
BP crews were already at work Saturday to ready the materials for that option , he said .
Suttles said three separate pumping efforts and 30,000 barrels of mud -- along with what chief executive officer Tony Hayward described as " 16 different bridging material shots " -- just did n't do the trick .
" We have not been able to stop the flow , " a somber Suttles told reporters . " ... Repeated pumping , we do n't believe , will achieve success , so we will move on to the next option . "
Suttles and other officials said that the " top kill " attempt to stop the flow did so -- but only as long as they were pumping .
When the pumping stopped , the oil resumed its escape .
And Coast Guard Rear Adm. Mary Landry said that BP would resume using undersea dispersants for the new attempt to trap the oil .
Suttles said the lower marine riser package cap " should be able to capture most of the oil " that has fed what is now the largest oil spill in U.S. history , but he cautioned that the new cap will not provide a " tight mechanical seal . "
" We 're confident the job will work , but obviously we cannot guarantee success at this time , " he said .
Engineers should be ready in about four to seven days to make the fresh attempt , he said .
Landry said officials were " disappointed in today 's announcement , " but noted that the immediate efforts to stop the flow were never intended to be permanent .
" The real solution , the end state , is a relief well , " she said .
BP currently is working on two relief wells , but they are not expected to be ready until August , Suttles said .
Earlier , Suttles said that BP engineers would try to place a second blowout preventer -- the piece of equipment that failed when the Deepwater Horizon exploded on April 20 -- should the lower marine riser package fail .
The failed blowout preventer is a 48 - foot - tall , 450 - ton apparatus that sits atop the well 5,000 feet underwater .
Suttles and Landry praised the clean - up efforts , however , in light of the failure of the " top kill " attempt to stop the flow .
" It 's a tribute to everybody that we only have 107 miles of shoreline oiled and only 32 acres of marsh , " Landry said .
Meanwhile , teams in Louisiana were working Saturday on a clean - up project aimed at protecting coastal marshes .
Plaquemines Parish President Billy Nungesser has said that machines would suck oil out of marshes Saturday after crews determined where to deploy them .
But Nungesser told CNN that BP needed to " step up to the plate tonight to save our wetlands " by using its might to create sand barriers to prevent the oil from moving into the marshes .
" BP needs to say it will pay to move those dredges and pump that sand berm , " he said .
" We are gonna die a slow death if we do n't get that berm .
We 've got to have that barrier island . "
President Barack Obama , who toured the area Friday , said federal officials were prepared to authorize moving forward with " a portion of " an idea proposed by local officials , who want the Army Corps of Engineers to build a " sand boom " offshore to keep the water from getting into the fragile marshlands .
But Nungesser said the marshes could n't wait and that the effort needed to start immediately to save the Louisiana wetlands .
Government scientists on Thursday said as many as 19,000 barrels ( 798,000 gallons ) of oil were spewing into the ocean every day , making this disaster perhaps twice the size of the Exxon Valdez incident .
Previously , BP officials and government scientists had said 5,000 barrels ( 210,000 gallons ) of crude were flowing out daily .
" This is clearly an environmental catastrophe , " Hayward said Friday .
" There 's no two ways about it . "
In an e-mail message sent out after the announcement Saturday , Hayward said he was " disappointed that this operation did n't work . "
" The team executed the operation perfectly , and the technology worked without a single hitch , " he said .
" We remain committed to doing everything we can to make this situation right . "
Obama 's visit to the region came under intense political pressure to take control of the situation .
" We want to stop the leak , we want to contain and clean up the oil and we want to help the people in this region return to their lives and livelihoods as soon as possible , " the president told reporters .
About 25 percent of the Gulf of Mexico exclusive economic zone has been put off limits , according to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , and fishermen are worried the gushing oil will take a more serious toll than Hurricane Katrina did in 2005 .
" Katrina was nothing but rain , water and wind .
This is poison .
It 's gas , " oysterman Arthur Etienne said .
CNN 's Anderson Cooper contributed to this report .
Almost 5 million California adults say they could use help with a mental or emotional problem , according to a survey released Wednesday by researchers at UCLA .
About 1 million of them meet the criteria for “ serious psychological distress . ”
However , only one in three people who perceive a need for mental health services or are in serious distress have seen a professional for treatment , the survey found .
The survey was conducted among more than 44,000 adults as part of the 2005 California Health Interview Survey , administered through the UCLA Center for Health Policy Research .
Since the survey was conducted , the recession probably has contributed to worsening mental health for even more people , said the lead author of the study , David Grant .
The survey showed that lack of health insurance coverage was a major reason why people did n’t seek help -- a situation that may be rectified somewhat by state and national mental health parity laws now in effect that require insurers to cover mental health conditions similarly to they way they cover physical conditions .
( The final phase of the federal law went into effect on July 1 . )
However , stigma continues to be a barrier to mental health services .
The survey found that men , people 65 and older , Latinos and Asians were less likely to seek help because of the stigma associated with mental or emotional problems .
But being poor is the biggest barrier to care .
According to the survey :
Women were nearly twice as likely as men to say they needed help because they felt sad , anxious or nervous ( 22.7 % compared to 14.3 % ) .
Adults under age 65 were twice as likely to perceive the need for help ( 20.2 % compared to 9.2 % ) .
The poorest adults were more than five times as likely to report symptoms of serious psychological distress compared to those living well above the federal poverty level .
“ The findings also demonstrate a crucial need for continued efforts to expand mental - health services and to meet threats to such services caused by the ongoing state budget crisis in Sacramento ; reduced state funding for local mental health programs and public insurance programs could be devastating to hundreds of thousands of Californians with mental health needs , ” the authors wrote .
Mental health services always seems to be a big target when it comes to trimming state and local budgets .
Lawmakers can get away with it , of course , because the stigma surrounding mental illness prevents people from protesting such cuts .
Given the number of people in pain , according to this survey , it may be time for Californians to overcome the perceived stigma and demand expanded public funding and insurance coverage of mental health care .
-- Shari Roan
Return to Booster Shots blog .
Image caption Elena Skordelli ( right ) is a well - known TV host
Cypriot prosecutors have begun presenting evidence against a TV host , Elena Skordelli , accused of ordering the murder of a boss who sacked her .
The glamorous 42 - year - old media star is alleged to have paid for the contract killing of the millionaire head of the Dias media group , Andis Hadjicostis , who was shot in January .
Her brother , Tassos Krasopoulos , 37 , is also a defendant in the trial .
They have pleaded not guilty to murder and conspiracy to murder .
Along with a third defendant , they could face a life prison sentence if convicted .
A fourth suspect who allegedly carried out the shooting of Mr Hadjicostis outside his house in Nicosia is believed to have fled Cyprus .
Prosecutors have alleged that the murder was motivated by the decision to fire Ms Skordelli .
They also say Ms Skordelli and her brother were trying to gain a majority stake in Sigma , the Dias station on which Ms Skordelli had her show .
They currently hold 20 % of Sigma shares .
As the trial got under way on Monday , prosecutors presented items including a crash helmet , closed - circuit TV footage , and shotgun pellets .
Observers say the alleged contract killing of a high - profile figure is unprecedented in Cyprus and that Cypriots have been gripped by the case .
Tags :
It was a mistake that there was no dialogue between Europe and Russia over arms reductions , French President Emmanuel Macron said at a joint news conference with Latvian Prime Minister Krisjanis Karins on Wednesday .
" The disarmament agreements were concluded between the United States and Russia and we were not even a party to them , but in the recent 15 years those agreements have been scrapped , " he said .
" We are no longer protected .
In particular , it concerns the Intermediate - Range Nuclear Forces ( INF ) Treaty that the United States quitted .
And what is instead ?
Nothing . "
According to Macron , " It could have happened as Europe failed to build dialogue with Russia over the Europe - related disarmament issues . "
" It was a mistake , " he believes .
* Army Corps suspends permit system in Appalachia
* Coal industry sees it as new assault on surface mining
* Coal company stocks fall
NEW YORK , June 17 ( Reuters ) - Federal authorities suspended the mine permitting process in six states on Thursday , prompting the coal industry to charge the Obama administration was targeting surface mining and that the change would hurt the economies of the poor Appalachian region .
The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers , the government agency that issues permits relating to waterways , said it is suspending the NWP 21 permit system that covers dumping of earth and rocks in rivers and streams .
The system is in effect nationwide , but will be suspended in parts of traditional mining states of Kentucky , Ohio , Pennsylvania , Tennessee , Virginia and West Virginia .
Companies proposing surface mines in that region that discharge dredged or fill material into waterways will now have to obtain an individual permit from the Department of the Army under the Clean Water Act , it said .
That will prolong an already long and costly process , mining experts said .
“ This decision takes us in the wrong direction , ” said Hal Quinn , president and chief executive of the National Mining Association ( NMA ) trade group .
“ Today ’s decision will slow job creation , add further uncertainty to the permitting process and undermine our ability to utilize the nation ’s most abundant domestic energy resource - coal . ”
Surface mining , also known as mountain - top mining , involves blasting into the sides of mountains to reach coal seams rather than tunneling below in underground mines , which are more expensive and dangerous .
Surface mining , which has become prevalent in West Virginia , is opposed by environmentalists who charge the dumping of earth and rocks pollutes water systems .
The Corps ’ decision was not unexpected and followed a series of public hearings on the issue .
Quinn , head of the NMA , which groups most major U.S. mining companies , said he was concerned that the suspension was made “ over the opposition of thousands of people who voiced their comments at public hearings earlier this year .
“ They were concerned about their jobs , their economic future and the energy security of the nation , ” he said .
Jim Thompson , editor of the industry newsletter , Coal & Energy Price Report , said the rule change was “ another assault on surface mining .
“ Another shoe has dropped on Appalachia , and while it ’s not exactly an unexpected kick in the pants , it is another in an increasingly long line of suggestions that the Obama administration will work to give the boot to Central Appalachian surface mining . ”
Last year , the Environmental Protection Agency delayed scores of pending permits in West Virginia for further review .
In April , the EPA issued a new set of tightened water standard guidelines related to surface mining .
In addition to environmental issues , coal mining is in the spotlight on safety issues because of an explosion that killed 29 miners at a West Virginia mine in April .
On the New York Stock Exchange , coal company stocks fell .
Arch Coal ACI.N closed down about 2.6 percent at $ 22.53 , Consol Energy CNX.N dropped 2.32 percent to $ 38.67 and Massey Energy MEE.N slipped 2.3 percent to $ 31.47 .
Alpha Natural Resources ANR .N ended 1.4 percent down at $ 37.14 and Peabody Energy BTU.N lost 1.5 percent to close at $ 40.63 .
( Reporting by Steve James ; editing by Carol Bishopric )
PARIS — The U.K.'s Advertising Standards Authority Wednesday banned two Louis Vuitton print ads that it says could have misled consumers into thinking its products are handmade , when in fact the luxury brand also uses machines .
In the ads , artisans fold the leather of a wallet and hand - stitch the handle of a handbag .
" What secret little gestures do our craftsmen discreetly pass on ? " an ad asks .
" Let 's allow these mysteries to hang in the air .
Time will provide the answers . "
The ...
Americans drove more and used more energy in 2007 , and increased spending to pay for it .
Energy expenditures nearly doubled between 2000 and 2007 to $ 4,093 per capita , up from $ 2,449 , the U.S. Census Bureau said last week .
Total energy consumption increased 2.6 % over the same period , while total energy expenditures jumped 79 % to more than $ 1.2 trillion .
Average per-person energy expenditures in 2007 ranged from $ 3,179 in Arizona to $ 9,191 in Alaska .
Overall energy consumption increased the most in Hawaii and Nevada — increasing 24.4 % and 23 % , respectively , between 2000 and 2007 .
Maine saw the greatest decrease — 12.3 % — over the same period .
These changes are seen during the energy crisis of the last decade , as crude oil prices rose through the early and mid-2000s , peaking in 2008 .
But following the numbers available in the latest energy census report , prices tumbled by the end of 2008 as demand shrank with the onset of the recession .
Selected source natural gas expenditures in 2007 were nearly $ 196.5 billion and retail electricity totaled $ 340.9 billion .
Selected source motor gasoline expenditures topped $ 388.5 billion , and end - use sector transportation expenditures were more than $ 584.5 billion .
Increases in energy consumption could have stemmed from increases in commuters and motor vehicle use .
In 2007 , there were 205.7 million licensed drivers and 247.3 million registered motor vehicles in the United States , marking an increase from 190.6 million licensed drivers and 221.4 million registered vehicles in 2000 .
Utah saw the greatest increase in licensed drivers — growing by 42 % between 2000 and 2007 — and Florida followed with a 40 % increase .
Colorado , however , lost 52.9 % of licensed drivers during the seven - year period .
Despite an increased number of drivers , the national traffic fatality rate decreased marginally — to 1.4 % in 2007 from 1.5 % in 2005 and 2000 .
The overall number of fatalities fell 2.1 % since 2000 and 5.6 % since 2005 .
The number of traffic fatalities in alcohol - related crashes fell in 2007 to 15,534 — 37.7 % of all fatal crashes — from 15,985 — 36.7 % of all fatal crashes — in 2005 .
Of the 50 states , 30 saw decreases or no change in the number of fatal alcohol - related crashes between 2000 and 2007 .
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Mercedes team boss Ross Brawn has told the German car maker to think ' long and hard ' before considering supplying engines to another outfit .
Mercedes currently supplies customer engines to McLaren and Force India , apart from running its own F1 team following the purchase of world champion Brawn GP .
Red Bull Racing , using Renault power units , was also keen to secure a deal with Mercedes for this year and has admitted the equalisation of engine performance would be a key factor in deciding to stick with Renault or not after this season .
Brawn , however , believes Mercedes is already supplying engines to as many teams as it can , and he reckons it would be a mistake to add another one .
" In my opinion , as constructors , we at Mercedes would need to think long and hard before adding another customer to our list , " Brawn told Autosprint magazine .
" I think we are on the limit as far as supplies are concerned .
We must make sure there is always a Cosworth able to sell its engines , it 's not the duty of a car manufacturer .
" As for the power , I do n't know .
The truth is that there is no procedure that determines precisely the parameters .
We would be fine with placing all the engines on the bench under the FIA 's supervision .
" But measuring the power is only a part of the problem .
There 's the cooling , the driveability , the fuel consumption .
And just recently the boss of Renault 's engine guys has said that their V8 may not be the most powerful , but it 's the best from many other aspects ... "
You know the fine print of your EVO 4G contract that gives Sprint the right to limit throughput speeds without notice ?
Skipped past that part ?
Well , consider this your unofficial notice .
If what we 're reading above is accurate , then Sprint appears ready to introduce data throttling this summer .
Where and how are the big questions .
The image above received from a tipster appears to have been grabbed from Sprint 's own " The Playbook , " though we have no way of confirming that at this time .
It certainly make sense though given T - Mobile USA 's recent move away from overage charges in favor of throttling .
We 're hearing from a couple sources that the shot here from The Playbook is a little out of context , and actually refers to a new feature for businesses looking to restrict disproportionately high usage by employees with company data cards .
That sounds a little less painful , does it not ?
Thanks , everyone !
Few things in life look as pure and simple as a glass of milk .
The ingredient list on the carton is refreshingly short too .
All it says is “ milk , ” perhaps along with some added vitamin A and vitamin D .
No preservatives , no artificial colors , no high - fructose anything .
Just milk .
But like many things that appear simple from the outside , there ’s a lot going on beneath milk ’s surface .
That glass is swirling with natural cow hormones , which is n’t surprising considering the source .
Milk contains sugars found nowhere else in nature , and it offers a particular blend of nutrients — including protein , calcium , magnesium and potassium — that you ca n’t get anywhere else .
Yet , almost 8,000 years after nomadic herders realized they could tug at the udders of slow - moving livestock , we still are n’t sure how much of the stuff we should be drinking .
The USDA recommends three cups of dairy a day for all adults , but the science behind milk has n’t been settled .
“ This is one of the most complicated and interesting areas of nutrition , ” says Dr. Walter Willett , chairman of nutrition at the Harvard School of Public Health , “ and we do n’t have all of the answers . ”
Many high - profile nutritionists — often working with large research grants from the dairy industry — say that milk in great quantities is an essential part of the daily diet that can help prevent osteoporosis , heart disease , cancer and other illnesses .
“ Anything less than three glasses a day , and you wo n’t get all of the nutrients that you need , ” says Connie Weaver , head of food and nutrition at Purdue University in West Lafayette , Ind .
Most of Weaver ’s funding comes from the National Institutes of Health , but she ’s also supported by the National Dairy Council .
Advertisement
On the other side , groups promoting animal rights and veganism — including PETA and the Physicians Committee for Responsible Medicine — say that cow ’s milk is a nutritional nightmare that does n’t belong in the human diet .
“ It ’s gross , ” says Dr. Neil Barnard , author and founder of the PCRM .
“ Milk is nutritionally perfect for one purpose : feeding a calf , ” he says .
“ The idea that we should be drinking milk from a cow is just bizarre . ”
Willett , one of the world ’s most prominent nutrition experts , does n’t belong to either camp .
From his viewpoint , one or two cups of milk each day is a safe , reasonable and nutritious goal .
“ But beyond that , ” he says , “ the benefits are unclear , and there may be some risk . ”
One or two cups ?
That ’s not as much as the USDA recommends but more than many milk critics could possibly stomach .
Critics take aim
Advertisement
Of the foods that have their own tier on the pyramid , dairy products catch a lot of grief .
A PETA website says that “ dairy products are a health hazard ” that are linked to “ allergies , constipation , obesity , heart disease , cancer and other disease . ”
For a topper , the site says that milk is often contaminated with cow ’s blood and pus .
The Physicians Committee for Responsible Medicine has always singled out milk as a particularly dangerous part of the typical western diet .
The PCRM website says that saturated fats in dairy products increase the risk of heart disease .
It also says that the natural hormones in milk encourage cancer of the breast , prostate and ovaries .
Turning popular wisdom on its head , the organization says that dairy products wo n’t help prevent osteoporosis , the bone - thinning disease .
The website highlights the Nurses Health Study , a 12 - year examination of more than 77,000 women published in 1997 that found no link between reported dairy intake and the incidence of broken bones .
Anti-milk sentiment may have grown in recent years , if Internet chatter is any gauge .
But so has the evidence suggesting that dairy products really do have some health benefits throughout the body , including the bones .
As reported in the Journal of the American College of Nutrition in 2009 , at least 11 randomized intervention studies in a row have all shown that increasing the amount of dairy in the diet increases bone density .
One 12 - month study funded by a Greek dairy company found that women chosen to receive 1,200 milligrams of calcium and 300 IU of vitamin D from dairy products every day ( which works out to about four cups of fortified milk ) developed stronger bones in the hip and spine than women who stuck to their normal diets .
Advertisement
Recent studies are also shining some light on the link between dairy foods and cardiovascular disease , a particularly interesting part of the milk story .
Although dairy foods are a major source of saturated fat in the American diet — we ’re fond of our milkshakes , cheese and ice cream — there has never been any clear evidence that dairy foods are bad for the heart .
In fact , they might do some good .
The potassium in dairy can help lower blood pressure , and a National Institutes of Health - funded study published in the July issue of the American Journal of Clinical Nutrition found that conjugated linoleic acid — a fatty acid found in milk and beef — seems to lower the risk of a heart attack .
In another study published in the same issue , Swedish researchers checked the blood of 1,000 men and women ( including 444 heart attack survivors ) for certain compounds that come from milk fat .
The study , which is partly funded by the National Dairy Council , found that women who had evidently consumed the most milk were about 25 % less likely to have had a heart attack .
Dairy seemed to protect men , too , but the effect was n’t as strong .
It ’s complicated
To complicate matters , milk also contains natural hormones — including a hormone called insulin - like growth factor - 1 or IGF - 1 — that spur growth .
Advertisement
This is handy if you ’re a mother cow trying to fatten your calf , but Willett and other experts worry that large amounts of the hormone could also help encourage cancer , especially prostate cancer and , to a lesser extent , ovarian cancer .
Barnard , for his part , is beyond concerned .
“ If I were raising a boy , I would make sure he got his calcium from other sources , ” he says .
“ Prostate cancer is one of the most common cancers he could face . ”
Scattered studies over the years — including an Italian study published in July — have found that men who drink a lot of milk are at increased risk for prostate cancer .
But the case is n’t completely closed .
In a 2008 study funded by the National Dairy Council , researchers at the University of South Carolina who pooled the results of 45 previous studies covering nearly 27,000 cases of prostate cancer found no suggestion that milk or dairy products increase the risk of the disease .
Likewise , the link between dairy and ovarian cancer remains unclear .
While some studies have found higher - than - expected rates of ovarian cancer in milk drinkers , others have turned up nothing .
Most notably , the EPIC ( European Prospective Investigation into Cancer and Nutrition ) study of more than 325,000 women in 10 countries found no evidence that animal products — including eggs , meat and milk — raised the risk of ovarian cancer .
The study was funded by various national cancer societies , ministries of health and government research organizations .
The NIH - AARP diet and health study — a long - term study of nearly 500,000 older Americans published in the Archives of Internal Medicine in 2009 — found no link between dairy intake and the overall risk of cancer .
However , women who consumed the most dairy were about 30 % less likely than women who consumed the least to develop colorectal cancer .
To a lesser extent , dairy seemed to protect men from colorectal cancer , too .
Advertisement
The PCRM website says that milk raises the risk of breast cancer , but even Barnard is n’t convinced .
" Breast cancer is unclear , ” he says , adding that he does n’t often look at the organization ’s website .
A 2005 report from a researcher with the Australian equivalent of the Dairy Council combined results of 52 previous studies examining the issue .
When put together , the studies did n’t show any connection between dairy and breast cancer .
Ultimately , the science on milk — like reliable nutrition advice — may be somewhere between two extremes .
health@latimes.com
Read the rest of the stories
" Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things
that you did n't do than by the ones you did do .
So throw off the bowlines .
Sail away from the safe harbor .
Catch the trade winds in your sails .
Explore .
Dream .
Discover . "
 Mark Twain
Two things I 've always wanted to do ; Drive the Trans - Canada and Alaskan highways , and travel the entire length of the Mississippi River by boat .
Laptop being stowed in waterproof locker .
Dave Krantz
I did the Trans - Canada / Alaskan Highway trip three years ago , and now it 's time to take a river trip .
From Minneapolis , Minn. , to Albany , Ga. , it is 2,107 miles by water .
This is roughly the same distance as Albany to Billings , Mont. , by highway .
Traveling from Minneapolis to Albany by water requires coming down the Mississippi , up the Ohio and Tennessee Rivers , down the Tombigbee , across the Intracoastal Waterway and up the Appalachicola and Flint Rivers .
It 's 2,107 miles by auto , about a three - day trip .
The same distance in a 16 - foot aluminum boat with a 25 - horsepower engine turned out to be an 18 - day trip , and probably should not be taken by the sane of mind .
The Mississippi River might not be my first love , but it ranks high in the top 10 .
I spent almost 14 years hunting and fishing on the river and shared some wonderful experiences with my sons .
I often wondered what it would be like to travel the entire length of the Mississippi River and wanted to do it while I lived there , but did n't have the funds or time off to do it all at one time .
In 1978 , my son ( 16 at the time ) and I launched our 14 - foot aluminum boat into the Mississippi River at New Orleans and traveled 447 miles upriver to Greenville , Miss. , where we lived at the time .
It was a great trip , not only to see the scenery and experience a long trip by river , but a memorable addition to that I - did - this - one - time list everyone has .
My plan the next year was to travel from Minneapolis to Greenville and complete the entire length of the river .
Before I could do it , a career change led me away from Greenville .
For the next 30 years , I pursued a shopping center management path and the addictive hobby of tournament bass fishing .
The years and the memories of fishing and duck hunting on the Mississippi River really never left me and a couple years ago , I bought a duck boat .
When I started hunting some of my old haunts along the river , I realized I still had a dream I really wanted to fulfill .
Time was running out on my being able to complete a trip of this nature .
I wish I could turn the calender back 30 years , but I can't , so I 've got to do the next best thing  ignore my age and physical limitations and realize my dream before that rocking chair claims me .
For the past year I 've been working on my boat and gathering information on what it requires to travel down the river in a small boat .
The bible for river travel is the Quimby Cruising Guide .
I used it and the internet to plan fuel and overnite stops .
I finally came to the conclusion that the lower Mississippi from St. Louis southward is just not small - boat - friendly simply because of gas availability .
From St. Louis to New Orleans , it 's 1,041 miles and gas is available at only two places  Memphis and Greenville .
It was possible that I could have gotten around this by arranging for someone to bring gas to a pre-arranged spot and carried camping gear for overnite stops .
In talking to people about this trip , several mentioned that most river travelers are now using the Tennessee and Tombigbee rivers traveling north and south because marinas are much more frequent on this route .
Double - checking the checklist prior to launch .
Scott Gatlin
I did some quick research and determined that I could actually travel from Minneapolis to Albany by river .
It will require using the Intracoastal Waterway to travel from Mobile , Ala. , to Apalachicola and should have minimal exposure to open water in the gulf until I turned north up the Apalachicola River .
This would extend my travel time by at least a week but the trip was doable and the more I thought about it , the more appealing this route became .
That will still leave 417 miles of the Mississippi River , from Cairo , Ill. to Greenville , that I have n't traveled but hey , us old folks always need something to look forward to and that 's a good project for 2011 .
When you approach locks , they ask you the name of your boat , so I had to come up with one for mine .
Most of my family friends thought " Dumarse " was the perfect choice .
If you tell people you 're planning a trip like this , you tend to get to get two reactions .
Most people think you 're crazy for doing it but a few say " wish I could go along . "
So , hop in , and let 's take a river trip .
Travel to Minneapolis
One of my closest friends , Scott Gatlin needed a break from running a bank and agreed to drive to Minneapolis with me and bring my truck and trailer back .
He arrives at my house Sunday morning , June 6th , at 10:30 a.m. and we begin the 1,400 - mile trip to Minneapolis / St. Paul .
We stop at Phil 's Barbeque in Eufaula for lunch , for what will be our last BBQ for awhile .
Late afternoon we stop for gas in middle Tennessee , and I do my usual walk - around inspection of the boat when our first crisis arrives  the hydraulic jack plate / motor trim plate has broken .
Apparently , it was not designed for trailering without an engine brace .
I look closely and determine I 'm not going to be able to run the engine unless I can get this unit fixed or get it off the boat and run without power trim .
As we travel north , we discuss our options but can't come up with a firm plan .
We stop overnight in Paducah , Ky. , and I look for boat dealers in the phone book .
I find three , with Sportsman 's Edge located just down the road from the motel .
Dave Krantz loading boat prior to launch in St. Paul , Minn .
Scott Gatlin
Most marine dealers in the summer are extremely busy and I fully expected them to tell me " they could n't even look at it for a week . "
My back - up plan was to borrow the necessary tools and see if Scott and I could fix it .
At 7:30 a.m. , we are waiting for the marina to open .
A young guy , Adam Butterbaugh , came out to meet us and I explained our predicament .
He went back inside and came out with Larry Bailey , the service manager .
I was flabbergasted to hear them say , " Back your boat over here and we 'll get started . "
Later ,
Mark the owner came out and we told him about our trip .
Two hours later , we paid a very reasonable charge for their work ( I insisted on making a little extra donation to buy Adam's and Larry 's lunch ) , and we left with two T - shirts and three new friends .
We progress northward through Illinois with corn fields stretching as far as the eye can see on either side of the highway , noticing the stalks getting shorter the further north we go .
When we cross the Mississippi River in the Quad Cities area , I tell Scott to slow down so I can take a picture from the top of the bridge .
I 'll shoot the bottom sometime next week as I come downriver .
We begin to encounter heavy rain , so we stop in Waterloo , Iowa for the night .
Next : Day
One on the water
Senior RCMP officers , including Commissioner William Elliott , say they are working through their issues , following complaints about Elliott 's management style , according to an internal memo .
The memo , obtained by CBC News , is signed by Elliott and other top RCMP officers , including deputy commissioners Tim Killam and Raf Souccar .
Killam and Souccar were among those who complained to the public safety minister and to the Prime Minister 's Office about Elliott 's conduct .
The memo , sent to the force , states that the senior brass is " working through the issues underlying the complaints . "
In it , Elliott and the others say they welcome the workplace assessment of the force that Public Safety Minister Vic Toews has ordered to be done by an independent adviser and that they will co-operate " fully and with candor . "
" We are part of the RCMP family .
As with any family , there are occasions where we have difficulties , " the memo says .
RCMP Commissioner William Elliott gestures during an interview in his office in Ottawa in November 2009 .
( ( Pawel Dwulit / Canadian Press ) ) CBC
News first reported this week that some officers have accused Elliott of being verbally abusive , closed - minded , arrogant and insulting .
One complaint described an enraged Elliott throwing papers at an officer .
The Opposition Liberals weighed in on the issue on Wednesday , saying Prime Minister Stephen Harper triggered the current " chaos " by naming a civilian to head the force .
Liberal MP Scott Brison said the prime minister is " in hiding " at a critical time when leadership is needed to fix the force .
" Mr. Harper appointed a civilian to head up the RCMP and should be accountable for the chaos caused by that appointment , " Brison told reporters in Ottawa on Wednesday .
" It ought to have been obvious to the Harper government that appointing a civilian to head up the RCMP was a recipe for disaster . "
Toews seeks ' quick resolution '
Toews called all the people involved " very competent individuals " and noted the force has been going through " some pretty dramatic changes . "
The RCMP has faced strong criticism following the damning conclusions from separate public inquiries into the death of Robert Dziekanski and the 1985 Air India bombing .
" I know both the commissioner and I know the others involved who have brought forward the complaints , " Toews said .
" I respect all of them , and I think what I want to see is a quick resolution of this issue in a mature manner . "
But Brison said
Toews must have been aware there was a problem among the ranks of the Mounties but did n't act until the complaints became public .
Elliott a ' man of extremes ' : former deputy
Former senior deputy RCMP commissioner Bill Sweeney defended the officers who spoke out , saying many felt the commissioner 's behaviour was " inconsistent " with the courteous , respectful conduct front - line officers are expected to maintain .
Sweeney said members of the force were criticized in 2006 for not speaking out after reports emerged about former commissioner Giuliano Zaccardelli 's management style .
" Today we find a cadre of senior officers who are acting , I believe , with the most honourable intentions , saying , ' We 're in a situation that we find intolerable and we feel compelled to raise it and to deal with this head on and not to ignore it and quietly go about our business , ' " the recently retired Sweeney told the CBC's Alison Crawford in an interview on Wednesday .
While he called Elliott a " strong advocate " for many issues facing the force , Sweeney also spoke of the commissioner 's " rather unique " management style and refused to comment on their working relationship .
" He 's a man of extremes , " Sweeney said of Elliott .
" He 's extremely dedicated .
He 's extremely intelligent and committed to the task at hand , but sometimes he pays less attention to the conduct that others find offensive and have complained about . "
Last year , Elliott attended a $ 44,000 course in Arizona that dealt with behavioural barriers to success .
He subsequently acknowledged to employees in a memo that he learned his actions " can and did have unintended , sometimes negative impacts . "
Elliott , the first civilian to lead the Mounties , was appointed by the prime minister in July 2007 after Zaccardelli resigned over his conflicting testimony at the Maher Arar inquiry .
At the time , then - Liberal public safety critic Sue Barnes decried the appointment , labelling Elliott a " Conservative political insider " who was " intimately involved " with Zaccardelli 's testimony .
But Elliott , who previously served as national security adviser to Prime Minister Paul Martin , also received high praise from a former Liberal cabinet minister , David Collenette .
G20 security in Toronto has , if nothing else , dramatized the degree to which the crowd captures the state of things these days .
On the cusp of one of the most significant news events in Toronto's ( recent ) history , I can't help but notice the degree to which citizen documentation has helped us all to grasp the profound transformation of our city for the G20 summit .
And how better to chart this metamorphosis than through what William Eggleston called the " democratic camera ? "
What follows are some of the best -- or , at least , my favourite -- images from the blogTO Flickr pool that highlight the various security preparations for the G20 .
As the summit ( and the protests ) get underway , we 'll be sure to roundup more examples of the excellent journalistic work that our readers share with us .
( Author credits appear below each image ) .
The Fence :
Photo by Loozerboy
Photo by picturenarrative
Photo by BruceK
The Surveillance Cameras :
Photo by karin !
Photo by jcoop
Photo by Todd Michael M .
The Helicopters and Planes :
Photo by David G. Tran
Photo by Sniderscion
Photo by Duke 360 째
Photo by Jerrold
The Cops :
Photo by RielLanart
Photo by dan cronin.jpg
Photo by exMOHAX for free TIBET
The Leader ?
How many zeros was that ?
-- Photo by dkittts777
Lead photo by de la Ronde
Thanks to the blogTO Flickr pool members for their excellent photos .
To see your photo in the slideshow below , simply add the photo to our pool with the tag " G20 . "
When Congress says it needs to ban a little bit of speech for a really important reason , there is a risk that it will do more damage to free expression than it ’s letting on .
That ’s what happened with a 1999 law that was aimed at stomach - turning videos of animals being tortured and killed with sexual overtones but was written to sweep much more broadly , outlawing things that have nothing to do with so - called “ crush videos . ”
In April , the Supreme Court struck down that law on First Amendment grounds , but the House of Representatives missed the point when it passed a similar bill on Wednesday .
In U.S. v. Stevens , the first case in which the government used that 1999 statute , federal prosecutors went after a Virginia man accused of selling dog- fighting videos – not the crush videos that President Bill Clinton said the law should be used for when he signed it .
The law reached the dog fight videos because the fights themselves were illegal , and the law banned any depiction of the killing or wounding of an animal if that conduct is illegal under federal law or the law of the state where the video was created , sold , or possessed .
The Supreme Court correctly read the statute to ban much more than crush videos , and even much more than dog fight movies .
The law could put someone in prison for owning hunting videos or pictures of a Spanish bullfight , and it could even be used against journalists and animal rights activists using images of cruelty to bring attention to the issue .
The Supreme Court left the door slightly open for a future bill that targets only crush videos .
Instead , Congress again used the appeal of the crush video issue to try to ban even more .
The bill , which the ACLU opposed , starts by declaring that the videos it bans are “ obscene ” in an attempt to remove First Amendment protections .
In the legal context , obscenity involves sexual conduct that is patently offensive , as judged by community standards .
However , not even true crush videos are likely to include obscene sexual conduct and the Supreme Court has made it clear that it ’s up to communities , not Congress , to decide where to draw the line .
Congress cannot unilaterally deactivate the First Amendment by declaring something “ obscene . ”
The more fundamental problem is that Congress failed to fully respond to the Supreme Court ’s concern that the ban sweeps too widely .
The new bill offers an exemption for hunting , fishing and trapping , as well as for “ customary and normal veterinary or agricultural husbandry practices . ”
These vague terms will leave people wondering whether their videos are legal or not , which was one of the Supreme Court ’s problems with the previous law .
Also , the new bill does nothing to address the Supreme Court ’s concern that the law relies on a patchwork of varying state laws .
It ’s not enough to know that the conduct was legal where it was filmed ; you need to know if similar conduct is legal in the state where the video is being sold or even possessed .
Finally , the new bill does not make it clear that depictions with political , scientific , educational , journalistic , historical or artistic value will be exempt .
Most of us do n’t have much sympathy for people who enjoy seeing animals tortured and killed .
Maybe there ’s a way for Congress to fight this cruelty without infringing on a wide swath of protected speech .
But the bill the House just passed makes the familiar mistake of sacrificing too much free speech .
This afternoon the bullets were once again flying over my city , as Mexican Army soldiers captured the JEFE DE PLAZA of the Zetas in Monterrey Héctor Luna “ El Tori ” ( short for Hector ) , along with other collaborators in an operation in the city ’s northeastern sector .
The Zetas responded by blocking 16 major roads and intersections in city — the famous narcobloqueos never seem to get old for these guys — but it sure was no fun for those stuck in traffic for 5 hours today .
As always , the vehicles were stolen and then used for the roadblocks , and were mostly buses and other “ heavy units . ”
The passengers who were booted out of the buses at the time of the hijackings described the Zetas as “ young gangbangers , ” basically new recruits from the toxic neighborhoods .
In return for the capture of their fat - faced boss , the Zetas did a little drive - by decoration of the facade of the AEI Installation ( the State Investigations Agency ) with a couple of grenades , to show government who the real authority is around these parts .
And where were the cops at this time , the public might ask ?
Well , since they received death threats , the authorities decided to close City Hall and call back all the cops to headquarters as a safety measure .
That ’s some classic Mexican policing right there : the people suppossed to be keeping us safe are the first ones running for cover …
But back to the Zetas : I had heard the name “ Tori ” mentioned a few times while talking to friends who are in the know , so he ’s probably an important figure , a pesado , and his people are not taking his capture very well .
But I say , good riddance .
The only good Zeta is a dead Zeta or at least a locked up and tortured Zeta in a dark cell in SIEDO .
Now , all that the other cartels gotta do is grab the other Zetas : El Flaco , Taliban , 40 and Lazca and then we ’ll be done with it .
Just get it done !
I ’m not talking about the drug biz .
Hell no .
I want them to sell and traffic drugs , as much as possible , to the gringos .
I ’m proud of the Mexican drug trade .
But I — and just about every other person in Mexico — want the Zetas dead and bloody with their brains splattered all across the pavement .
These guys are n’t drug dealers .
If you want to know what the Zetas are , imagine if a division Taliban hoodlums — extremely well trained hoodlums — suddenly found themselves fully armed in a small Canadian town and decided to run things , decapitating the locals , issuing fatwahs , taking whatever they wanted because Allah commanded it and generally doing business like they were waging a holy war against the infidels in medieval times .
Imagine that , and you ’ll understand …
The details of the capture are scarce at this point , but all I can tell you is that the long , coordinated hunt for the Zetas here in Monterrey by the army , federales , marines and just about every other drug cartel makes it very clear to me that the Zetas have made Nuevo Leon , my state , their base of operations — and they have a firm hold .
And the fucking Gulf Cartel is in large part to blame .
They only care about reclaiming the plazas of Tamaulipas , and their purge war there has driven the motherfucking zetacuaches to Nuevo Leon .
The citizens of Monterrey can’t wait to see the final showdown to exterminate the Zetas , and everyone hopes and prays that rest of the cartels are not thinking about leaving Nuevo Leon for the Zetas .
It would be a real bummer having to live under their rule .
Stay tuned for updates …
Pancho Montana is an eXiled Special Mexican War on Drugs Correspondent .
As a native of Monterrey , Nuevo Leon , located in northern Mexico , Mr. Montana lives in Gulf Cartel territory .
That means the streets belong to the Zetas , a paramilitary organization trained by the Yankees and hired by the Gulf Cartel to keep things civilized and business booming .
Read more of his stuff …
China has indicated that it will allow its currency to appreciate - following months of pressure from the US .
Some refer to the currency as the yuan , others call it the renminbi .
Who is right ?
Image caption
In colloquial speech the yuan has other names too
Both names are perfectly good , but in slightly different ways .
" Renminbi " is the official name of the currency introduced by the Communist People 's Republic of China at the time of its foundation in 1949 .
It means " the people 's currency " .
" Yuan " is the name of a unit of the renminbi currency .
Something may cost one yuan or 10 yuan .
It would not be correct to say that it cost 10 renminbi .
An analogy can be drawn with " pound sterling " ( the official name of the British currency ) and " pound " - a denomination of the pound sterling .
Something may cost £ 1 or £ 10 .
It would not be correct to say that it cost 10 sterling .
Nor can you talk about the number of renminbi - or the number of sterling - to the dollar .
Silver dollars
The word " yuan " goes back further than " renminbi " .
It is the Chinese word for dollar - the silver coin , mostly minted in the Spanish empire , used by foreign merchants in China for some four centuries .
This is the " piece of eight " ( or " real de a ocho " ) beloved of pirates and their parrots - worth eight reales and known as a peso in Spanish and a dollar in English .
Image caption A piece of eight : A Spanish colonial dollar , worth eight reales
The European merchants who started arriving in the early 16th Century went to China to buy silk and porcelain .
Their Chinese partners wanted silver , preferably these large European - style silver coins .
China , as a result , was the destination of much of the silver coming from the mines of Spanish - America .
The dollar of choice among Chinese businessmen was for a long time the Spanish Colonial Mexican dollar .
Later it was the so - called Eagle Dollar produced by independent Mexico .
In the second half of the 19th Century major trading nations starting producing their own " trade dollars " .
The UK produced a trade dollar , and so did the US , as discerning Chinese traders demanded higher - quality silver than the metal used in regular US dollars .
I sometimes think that the whole renminbi / yuan issue is a sinister plot by the Chinese designed specifically to deter people from discussing Chinese currency policy Paul Krugman , Nobel - winning economist
China 's first domestically produced machine - struck dollar coin , or yuan , was minted in Guangdong province in 1890 .
The Chinese phrase for the US dollar is " mei yuan " , the American yuan .
The Japanese and Korean names for their currencies , the yen and the won respectively , are derived from the same Chinese yuan character .
The Chinese name for the Japanese yen is the " ri yuan " .
In the world 's high - flying financial circles , the word " renminbi " ( or RMB ) is often preferred to " yuan " ( or CNY , short for " Chinese Yuan " ) .
Nobel - prize - winning economist Paul Krugman , writing in the New York Times in October , noted that no - one seemed to mind if you talked about the pound 's value , but talking about the yuan 's value would sometimes draw disapproval .
" I sometimes think that the whole renminbi / yuan issue is a sinister plot by the Chinese designed specifically to deter people from discussing Chinese currency policy , " he joked .
The plot , if it is one , goes further than this .
Jiao and mao
As it happens , Chinese people rarely talk about renminbi or yuan .
Image caption A fistful of kuai
The word they use is " kuai " , which literally means " piece " , and is the word used historically for coins made of silver or copper .
Also common is " 10 kuai qian " , literally " 10 pieces of money " .
" Kuai " is colloquial , like " quid " in the UK and " buck " in the US , but it is the word used in everyday Mandarin , whether you are in Beijing or Taiwan - which , of course , has its own currency , the new Taiwanese dollar , also known as the yuan .
The same thing happens again when you break down your yuan into smaller units , the jiao and the fen ( one yuan is equal to 10 jiao and one jiao is equal to 10 fen ) .
There is nothing wrong with the word jiao , it is just that most people use the word mao instead .
Anyone suspecting a link between the mao and Chinese former communist leader Mao Zedong would be mistaken .
The character is the same as Mao 's surname , but the word was used long before he came to prominence .
Instantly switch to the window you want
Just start typing the name of the app , window or browser tab you want .
This is the fastest way to switch windows ; no more hunting around for the right one .
Easily arrange groups of windows to fill your screen
Position windows instantly with keyboard shortcuts or rapidly draw windows into position using your mouse .
Leaving you with a neatly arranged screen so you can see & do more .
RALEIGH , NC – Jim Rutherford , President and General Manager of the National Hockey League ’s Carolina Hurricanes , today announced that the team will honor former captain Rod Brind ’Amour by retiring his No. 17 sweater prior to the Hurricanes ’ game against the Philadelphia Flyers on Friday , Feb. 18 , 2011 .
Brind ’Amour announced his retirement from hockey on June 30 .
“ There is no image of our franchise more memorable than that of Rod Brind ’ Amour , our captain , hoisting the Stanley Cup above his head , the emotions from a lifetime of hard work and dedication pouring out of him , ” said Rutherford .
“ There is no doubt that Rod ’s number belongs in the rafters of the RBC Center , and February 18 will surely be a very special night for our fans and everyone connected with the Hurricanes organization . ”
Originally drafted by the St. Louis Blues in the first round , ninth overall , in the 1988 NHL Entry Draft , Brind ’Amour , 39 , completesd his career ranked 16th in NHL history in games played ( 1,484 ) , 44th in assists ( 732 ) , 46th in points ( 1,184 ) and 54th in goals ( 452 ) , in 21 seasons with St. Louis , Philadelphia and Carolina .
The Ottawa , Ont. , native debuted with the Blues during the 1989 Stanley Cup playoffs after completing one season at Michigan State , and scored a goal on his first NHL shot against the Minnesota North Stars .
He was named to the NHL ’s All - Rookie Team in 1990 , after scoring 61 points ( 26g , 35a ) in 79 games for St. Louis , and played in the NHL All - Star Game while a member of the Flyers in 1992 .
Brind ’Amour represented Canada in the 1998 Winter Olympics in Nagano , Japan , and won back - to - back Frank J. Selke trophies as the NHL ’s top defensive forward in 2005 - 06 and 2006 - 07 , as a member of the Hurricanes .
Brind ’Amour played in 159 career Stanley Cup playoff games , totaling 51 goals and 60 assists ( 111 points ) .
He participated in the Stanley Cup Final three times , reaching the Final in 1997 with Philadelphia and 2002 and 2006 with Carolina , captaining the Hurricanes to the 2006 Stanley Cup championship .
Acquired by the Hurricanes from the Philadelphia Flyers on Jan. 23 , 2000 , Brind ’Amour is the career points leader for the Hurricanes since the team ’s relocation to North Carolina , notching 473 points in 694 games played .
He also ranks first in assists ( 299 ) , first in shorthanded goals ( 10 ) , third in goals ( 174 ) and third in power - play goals ( 60 ) in the team ’s North Carolina history .
Brind ’Amour ranks second in overall franchise history ( including Hartford ) in assists ( 299 ) , third in points ( 473 ) and fourth in games played ( 694 ) .
Named the Hurricanes ’ captain prior to the 2005 - 06 season , Brind ’Amour netted 31 goals and earned 39 assists ( 70 points ) that season to lead the team to a franchise - record 52 regular - season wins .
His league - leading 12 playoff goals during the teams ’ Stanley Cup run were also a franchise record .
Individual - game tickets for Rod Brind ’Amour Night will not go on sale until December , but fans can secure their seats now by purchasing ticket plans .
The Feb. 18 game is included in all full - season ticket packages , as well as 26 - game plans and the “ Red Pack ” 12 - game plan .
シャトー・ペトリュス [ 2001 ] 赤 750 ml ポムロール地区の 最高峰 ワイン。 ...詳細
1から12を表示中 ( 全商品の数:42114 )
The Gulf of Mexico oil spill is spurring California legislators and conflicting interest groups to settle past differences and adopt the nation ’s toughest renewable energy law to reduce the state ’s dependence on oil and serve as a model for other states .
The effort is supported by Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger , who is eager to burnish his environmental legacy before leaving office in January even though he vetoed a similar bill last fall .
Both the governor and the Democrats who control the Legislature want to require privately and publicly owned electric utilities to generate one - third of their power from wind , solar and other clean sources by 2020 .
After last fall ’s veto , Schwarzenegger issued an executive order unilaterally imposing the 33 % renewable standard .
But Democrats denounced the action as mainly symbolic because it does not bind future governors .
This year , Democrats came back with a compromise bill , which has its first legislative hearing Thursday in the Assembly Utilities and Commerce Committee .
“ One needs only to look to the Gulf of Mexico and the tragedy and what happens when you just rely on oil , ” Schwarzenegger said at an alternative fuel summit last week .
“ It is shameful how desperate and how dependent we have become on fossil fuels . ”
With images of gushing crude and oil - covered birds dominating TV screens , Schwarzenegger ’s chief of staff , Susan P. Kennedy , said environmentalists , utilities generators , labor unions and other industry groups that waged war over last year ’s bill now are meeting at least weekly and are closing in on a deal .
“ I ’m very optimistic , ” she said .
“ There ’s always been a consensus around the goal .
It ’s simply a matter of identifying what the obstacles are in the implementation . ”
Similar talks collapsed in acrimony in September with Schwarzenegger ’s veto .
The proposal , he said , was too “ complex ” and favored in - state projects over possibly more economical out - of - state wind and solar farms that feed power into the West ’s transmission grid .
The biggest disagreement centered on the use of credits that energy producers around the West can earn for generating renewable power .
Currently , the credits can be traded among electricity generators and purchasers and used by California electric utilities to satisfy part of their renewable energy obligations .
Environmentalists , construction and utility worker unions and consumer advocates want to restrict the use of credits , arguing that wind and solar power produced in Montana or Utah brings limited benefits to California in the form of cleaner air or new jobs .
“ You ’ve got to build a big chunk of it here , ” said Scott Wetch , a lobbyist for the Coalition of California Utility Employees , whose members work for public and private electric companies .
The utilities counter that California needs to be part of a regional energy market if it wants to ensure adequate supplies of competitively priced electricity .
Now , under a compromise that is forming , the bulk of new renewable power plants would be built in California , creating thousands of high - paying green construction and operations jobs .
At the same time , the emerging deal would leave utilities with enough flexibility to buy electricity from power generators throughout the West .
They could then use those purchases toward meeting their California renewable quotas .
“ I think that both sides want a deal , ” said Bill McGavern , chief lobbyist for the Sierra Club .
The compromise , Kennedy said , should guarantee that at least half the renewable energy under the 33 % goal would be generated at California power plants .
Still to be determined is the exact percentage that could come from tradable credits linked to power from renewable sources based outside the state .
Southern California Edison , the state ’s biggest renewable power provider , also is upbeat about reaching an agreement on the 33 % standard , though the utility has n’t taken a public position on the negotiations .
At the end of last year , Edison , a unit of Edison International , produced about 17 % of its power from renewables , the best performance of the state ’s three major publicly held utilities but still below the current legal requirement of 20 % by the end of 2010 .
A combination of the right legislation and heightened environmental awareness because of the oil spill would make this “ a ripe time to be thinking about expanding renewable energy , ” said Stuart Hemphill , Edison ’s senior vice president for power procurement .
Putting together a compromise this year would “ send the clear signal to the market " that California is serious about attracting more renewable energy investment , said Sen.
Joe Simitian ( D- Palo Alto ) , the author of last year ’s bill and this year ’s Senate Bill 722 .
V. John
White of the Clean Power Campaign said it ’s time for California policymakers to stop arguing and start putting “ steel in the ground ” in the form of new solar and wind power plants and the transmission plants to bring the power to Los Angeles and other big users .
“ The public in California always has supported the idea of renewables , ” he said , “ so now we should get on with it . ”
marc.lifsher@latimes.com
If you studied natural history years ago , you learned a fascinating tale of a microbe dominated primeval earth .
In this story , one - celled critters swarmed in primeval oceans , blissfully free of larger predators , for billions of years .
Then along came snowball earth , followed by the blooming Cambrian Explosion over half a billion years ago that changed everything .
Shallow oceans were suddenly teeming with giant flesh - eating shrimp like the Anomalocaris , snails armored in chain - mail , and other predators of tentacle and chitin patrolling a bizarre watery sea bottom populated with strange frond - like animals , mud-sucking hallucigenia , and of course everyone 's favorite Cambrian critter , trilobites .
It 's a great story .
It is also , as we 're learning lately , more and more debatable :
The discovery in Gabon of more than 250 fossils in an excellent state of conservation has provided proof , for the first time , of the existence of multicellular organisms 2.1 billion years ago .
This finding represents a major breakthrough : until now , the first complex life forms ( made up of several cells ) dated from around 600 million years ago .
It 's not clear exactly what these are , or were .
Plants , animals , or do those modern distinctions even apply ?
They may be cousins of later trisymmetrical biota that have no living analogue today .
Or they could be related to modern day Xenophyphora which would still make them one - celled creatures , just exceptionally large ones .
They could also represent something like a primitive Cnidaria .
Cue the " Scientists Stunned " headlines -- and forgive me for my own spin on that old trope above .
Paleobiologists have long suspected , and recent fossil evidence strongly suggests , that the Cambrian Explosion is more an artifact of random fossilization and geology than the Start of Life as We Sort of Know It .
Most ancient ocean strata laid down that long ago has disappeared under the grinding edge of tectonic plates , or been eroded away into dust by wave after wave of advancing glacier .
Much of what gave rise to the idea of the classic explosion decades ago comes from a single small site of rare , fossil bearing marine sediment in Canada that preserved a snapshot of Cambrian plants and animals in exquisite detail .
Newer discoveries have since pushed the likely start of complex life back over a hundred million years .
But that headline hype might , for once , actually apply assuming this holds up : two billion year - old multicellular critters are pretty surprising .
Cross-posted from the Examiner.com by popular demand .
Interesting :
… water molecules differ slightly in their isotope ratios depending on the minerals at their source .
… researchers found that water samples from 33 cities across the United State could be reliably traced back to their origin based on their isotope ratios .
And because the human body breaks down water ’s constituent atoms of hydrogen and oxygen to construct the proteins that make hair cells , those cells can preserve the record of a person ’s travels .
The Obama administration on Monday unveiled a space policy that renounces the unilateral stance of the Bush administration and instead emphasizes international cooperation , including the possibility of an arms control treaty that would limit the development of space weapons .
In recent years , both China and the United States have destroyed satellites in orbit , raising fears about the start of a costly arms race that might ultimately hurt the United States because it dominates the military use of space .
China smashed a satellite in January 2007 , and the United States did so in February 2008 .
The new space policy explicitly says that Washington will “ consider proposals and concepts for arms control measures if they are equitable , effectively verifiable and enhance the national security of the United States and its allies . ”
The Bush administration , in the space policy it released in August 2006 , said it “ rejects any limitations on the fundamental right of the United States to operate in and acquire data from space , ” a phrase that was interpreted as giving a green light to the development and use of antisatellite weapons .
一般的な認識として、免許をとる際には教習所に申し込んで予約をとり、講習を受けます。
通学する為に普段の生活に支障をきたすことなく講習を受けることができますが、一回と一回の感覚が空いてしまう為、車に慣れるのに時間がかかったり、不安や恐怖感はなかなか拭うことができない場合もあります。
また、予約がとりにくかったり、忙しくなって行くのが面倒に感じてしまうと何ヶ月も空けてしまい、そのまま行かなくなってお金を無駄にしてしまう人も出てしまいます。
そこでお勧めなのが、合宿免許です。
合宿免許なら、普通自動車免許であれば約二週間で卒業できますし、集中して効率よく勉強できる為に、費用を最低限に抑えることができます。参照－合宿免許｜免許の匠
合宿免許と聞いて、以前は郊外や地方で合宿所に集まって教習を受けるというイメージがありましたが、ここ最近では、様々な観光・レジャープランとセットになった免許合宿が人気を呼び、需要も増えたことによって、バラエティに富んだプランが急増しています。
地方の有名な観光スポットや温泉スポット、リゾート地で有名リゾートホテル等に滞在し、約二週間現地で旅行ツアーと同じように遊ぶことができるプランには、旅行気分で免許取得できるとあって、友達同士、恋人や家族と一緒に参加したり、あるいは、新しい出会いを求めて、一人でも参加する人も増えています。
そんな楽しく勉強できる合宿免許について、費用面やメリットについて紹介します。
Spekulation ja bitte , aber nicht gegen uns Silvio Duwe
Union und FDP wollen Wetten gegen Nicht - Euro - Staaten und ausländische Unternehmen weiterhin zulassen
Hart durchgreifen will die Bundesregierung , um die Entstehung von künftigen Krisen schon im Vorfeld zu verhindern .
Derartige Beteuerungen hört man immer wieder aus dem Regierungslager , auch von der Kanzlerin .
Passiert ist bislang allerdings äußerst wenig .
Nun jedoch wollen CDU / CSU und FDP mit einem Gesetzentwurf zeigen , dass sie es Ernst meinen mit den Spekulanten und ihnen die schlimmsten Werkzeuge , wie Leerverkäufe und nicht gedeckte Kreditausfallversicherungen , denen kein realer Absicherungsbedarf gegenübersteht , wegnehmen .
Doch der Gesetzentwurf bleibt auf ganzer Linie im nationalstaatlichen Denken verhangen , und ist damit der falsche Ansatz zur Regulierung von international agierenden Finanzmärkten .
Der Entwurf der Koalitionsparteien sieht vor , ungedeckte Leerverkäufe von Aktien und Schuldtiteln von Euro - Staaten an den deutschen Börsenplätzen zu verbieten .
Weiterhin soll der Abschluss von ungedeckten Kreditausfallversicherungen auf Verbindlichkeiten von EU - Mitgliedsstaaten verboten werden , wenn es keinen realen Absicherungsgrund gibt , der Versicherungsnehmer dem betreffenden Staat also kein Geld geliehen hat .
Zudem soll ein „ zweistufiges Transparenzsystem für Netto - Leerverkaufspositionen “ geschaffen werden .
Die erste Stufe sieht dabei die Pflicht vor , die BaFin über bestehende Leerverkaufspositionen bei Aktien oder anderen Produkten , die einem Leerverkauf entsprechen , zu informieren , wenn die Positionen 0,2 Prozent der ausgegebenen Aktien eines Unternehmens entsprechen .
Leerverkaufspositionen ab einer Höhe von 0,5 Prozent sollen zudem im Bundesanzeiger veröffentlicht werden – somit würden diejenigen , die gegen ein Unternehmen spekulieren , bekannt .
Weiterhin sieht der Entwurf vor , BaFin und das Bundesfinanzministerium zu ermächtigen , den Handel mit Finanzinstrumenten , wie beispielsweise Derivaten , zu untersagen , wenn sie Missstände sehen , die Nachteile für die Stabilität der Märkte bedeuten oder das Vertrauen in die Funktionsfähigkeit der Märkte erschüttern könnten .
Finanzmarktakteuren geht die Regulierung zu weit
Während die BaFin den Gesetzentwurf begrüßt , da er klare Rechtsgrundlagen schaffe und einen flexiblen Eingriff in den Wertpapierhandel ermögliche , warnte Frank Gerstenschläger von der Deutschen Börse warnte : Leerverkäufe seien wichtig für die Liquidität des Marktes .
Würden Leerverkäufe verboten , so müssten Marktteilnehmer , die früh morgens verkaufen wollen , über Nacht enorme Bestände halten , was das Risiko erhöhe .
Sollten derartige Geschäfte verboten werden , rechnet Gerstenschläger mit einer Abwanderung von Marktteilnehmern ins Ausland , die sich damit auch der deutschen Aufsicht entzögen .
70 Prozent der Teilnehmer auf der Handelsplattform Xetra kämen aus dem Ausland .
Auch die Bundesbank sprach sich deutlich gegen ein Verbot der Leerverkäufe aus , diese hätten einen ökonomischen Nutzen .
So böten sie eine Möglichkeit , pessimistischen Markterwartungen Ausdruck zu verleihen und nicht gerechtfertigten Kursanstiegen entgegenzuwirken .
Zudem könnten sie auch als Absicherungsinstrument eingesetzt werden .
Der Bundesverband der Deutschen Industrie hingegen begrüßte das geplante Verbot .
Strittig war zudem auch , ob es ausreichend ist , Leerverkaufspositionen erst am Ende des Handelstages ausgleichen zu müssen , oder ob Leerverkäufe auch für einen sehr kurzen Zeitraum unter das Verbot fallen sollen .
Für eine Abrechnung am Ende des Tages sprachen sich unter anderem Henrik Enderlein von der Hertie School of Governance sowie Christoph Boschan ( Baden - Württembergische Wertpapierbörse ) aus .
Ebenfalls auf wenig Gegenliebe stieß die geplante Verpflichtung , Leerverkäufe im Bundesanzeiger zu veröffentlichen .
Während die erste Stufe der Transparenzregeln noch auf ein positives Echo auslöste , kritisierte der Bundesverband Alternative Investments , die Nennung von Inhabern von Short - Positionen würde dazu führen , das weniger Teilnehmer Leerverkäufe durchführten .
Veröffentlichungen in anonymisierter Form würden genügen .
Diskutiert wurde zudem über die Wirkung einer namentlichen Veröffentlichung auf die Marktteilnehmer .
Neben dem damit verbundenen Eingriff in die Geschäftsgeheimnisse der Finanzakteure wurde kritisiert , dass die Angaben einen ungewollten Herdentrieb auslösen oder zu falschen Rückschlüssen auf die Situation der beteiligten Unternehmen führen könnte .
Der DGB stellte sich hinter die Forderung , Kreditausfallversicherungen , denen kein realer Absicherungsbedarf zugrunde liegt , zu verbieten .
Allerdings gehen die Formulierungen dem Gewerkschaftsbund nicht weit genug , er fordert ein generelles Verbot von Kreditausfallversicherungen .
Diese würden nur eine Scheinsicherheit bieten : bei erstklassigen Schuldnern sei der Abschluss nicht notwendig , im Ernstfall hingegen könne die Versicherung die Ausfälle ohnehin nicht ausgleichen , dann würde der Staat einspringen müssen .
Da die Kosten der Versicherungen jedoch ins das Zinsniveau eingepreist würden , würde so das Zinsniveau unnötig hoch gehalten .
Der BDI kritisierte hingegen das geplante Verbot von Währungsderivaten auf den Euro .
Die Absicherung von Währungsrisiken sei für die Unternehmen sehr wichtig ; langfristige Wechselkursungleichgewichte würden die Verlagerung der Produktion mit sich bringen .
Wolfgang Münchau von der Financial Times ergänzte , dass CDS oft nicht genau zu den abzusichernden Risiken passen würden .
Trotzdem seien die dahinter stehenden Absicherungsstrategien legitim .
Ein Beispiel dazu nannte der Bundesverband Investment und Asset Management ( BVI ) .
Demzufolge würde ein Fonds , der seine europäischen Aktien absichern wolle , ein Derivat auf den EuroStoxx 50 abschließen , auch wenn dieses nicht genau auf das Portfolio des Fonds passe .
Bei strenger Auslegung des Gesetzentwurfes würde dies bereits eine Meldepflicht auslösen .
Gescheiterter auf der ganzen Linie
Letztlich ist der Gesetzentwurf der Schwarz - Gelben bloße Symbolpolitik ohne ernsthafte Auswirkungen , wie Enderlein betonte .
Wer spekulieren will , kann einfach auf andere Handelsplätze und ähnliche Produkte ausweichen .
Ein Verbot , das Gesetz zu umgehen , fehlt vollständig .
Der Bankenrechtler Karl - Joachim Schmelz lässt in seiner Stellungnahme kein gutes Haar an dem Entwurf : beträchtliche geistige und sprachliche Verirrungen hat er in dem Papier ausgemacht .
Wenn behauptet wird , dass die Verbote der Geschäftspraktiken getroffen würden , um eine Bedrohung der Stabilität der Finanzmärkte abzuwenden , so sei das „ irreführend und falsch “ - gerade die Turbulenzen zeigten , dass die Märkte funktionieren – die negativen Marktentwicklungen seien nicht Ursache , sondern Folge der Finanzkrise .
Die wahren Ursachen seien langfristige Fehlentwicklungen an den Finanzmärkten .
Es bestehe auch keine Bedrohung für die Märkte , sondern lediglich für Banken und Staaten .
Diese sollen in Wahrheit gerettet werden .
Tatsächlich geht der Gesetzentwurf nicht gegen spekulative Instrumente generell vor , sondern nur dann , wenn sie gegen die Euro - Zone oder inländische Unternehmen gerichtet sind .
Schon ein Schutz der ganzen EU ist im Gesetzentwurf nicht vorgesehen .
Der Zweck des Gesetzes ist es offenbar , mit einem Schutz für den Euroraum mehr Sicherheiten und damit einen Wettbewerbsvorteil vor ausländischen Unternehmen und Nicht - Euro - Staaten zu erhalten .
Dies kann jedoch nicht funktionieren , schließlich ist Spekulation international und wird von dem nationalen Vorhaben der Regierungskoalition nicht getroffen .
Zwar hätte ein generelles Spekulationsverbot derzeit ebenfalls keine praktischen Auswirkungen , wäre jedoch ein entscheidendes politisches Signal : es wäre ein Zeichen , dass die Bundesrepublik bereit ist , die eigenen Finanzmärkte so zu regulieren , dass auch Dritte davon profitieren können .
Diese könnten dann nicht mehr so leicht argumentieren , zum Schutz der eigenen Finanzmärkte auf Regulierungen verzichten zu müssen , schließlich ginge es dann nur noch um die Wiederherstellung der Wettbewerbsgleichheit .
Schmelz fordert deshalb ein Gleichbehandlungs - Gesetz : dieses könnte außereuropäischen Staaten Schutz gewähren , für den Fall , dass diese ebenfalls bereit sind , Euro - Mitgliedsstaaten und die europäische Währung zu schützen .
Dass ein solches Verständnis für internationale Zusammenarbeit in der Regierung nicht zu existieren scheint , demonstrierte Stunden zuvor der Finanzexperte der FDP , Hermann Otto Solms .
Die Idee einer europäische Wirtschaftskoordination , die mittels Informationsaustausch einen Ausgleich zwischen schwächeren und stärkeren EU - Staaten schaffen soll , um diesen die Möglichkeit zu geben , ihre Wirtschaftspolitik so auszurichten , dass letztere keine Überschüsse auf Kosten der ersteren erzielen , verglich er mit der Fußball - Weltmeisterschaft : Würde Joachim Löw freiwillig gegen Serbien verlieren , um mehr Chancengleichheit zu schaffen , dann könne er sich in Deutschland nicht mehr blicken lassen , so Solms .
Er vergisst dabei den Unterschied zwischen einer Staatenunion und einer Weltmeisterschaft : Während bei der WM alle Teilnehmer gegeneinander antreten , um den Besten unter sich zu bestimmen , ist eine Europäische Union nur dann stark , wenn sie als Mannschaft miteinander spielt .
Wer jedoch nicht einmal in der EU nationale Egoismen zu überwinden bereit ist , der wird es schwer haben , den internationalen Finanzmärkten wirksame Ketten anzulegen .
Eine Mannschaft , die nicht zusammen spielen will , besiegen diese allemal .
( Silvio Duwe )
​ The movement to legalize marijuana in Detroit appears to be ready for a decision by voters in November after petitions were certified by the Detroit Elections Commission .
The initiative would legalize possession of up to one ounce of marijuana for personal use .
The Detroit News .
The petitions were filed by the Coalition for a Safer Detroit last month with City Clerk Janice Winfrey .
Backers said petitions to put the initiative before voters were certified May 19 , reports Darren A. Nichols of
“ They met the proper number ( of signatures ) and we met all the legal standards , ” said Tim Beck , a registered medical marijuana patient who filed the petitions .
“ There will be no legal challenge to keep if off the ballot , ” Beck said .
“ I ’m very confident .
People in Detroit have a serious understanding that priorities need to be reconsidered in respect to law enforcement .
We need to focus on violent crime and guns .
We just ca n’t afford this any longer . ”
The group turned in more than 6,000 signatures to place the voter initiative on November ’s ballot .
The Detroit City Council has 30 days to either pass the initiative into law , or it automatically goes before voters .
The Detroit Free Press .
The council is likely to have the legalization issue on its June 15 agenda , a spokeswoman for Council President Pro Tem Gary Brown said Tuesday .
Leaving it up to the voters is “ actually what I expect will happen , ” said Stacie Clayton , Brown ’s public affairs director , reports Bill Laitner of
“ It would be appreciative if the City Council would save the city a lot of money and pass it themselves , ” attorney Matt Abel said .
“ We think it will pass handily , ” Abel said .
“ It ’s just getting the word out and making sure people know it ’s going to be on the November ballot and getting out the vote .
People are tired of reefer madness .
The people are ahead of politicians .
Nobody ever died from it . ”
Michigan citizens already legalized medical marijuana with an overwhelming 62 percent of the vote in 2008 .
Denver police are cracking down on two - wheeled scofflaws in response to a rising number of complaints from motorists and pedestrians .
Last month , police began a monthly “ focused enforcement ” day , where four officers on bikes , and a supervisor , hit the streets to cite cyclists for breaking laws .
More than 40 bicyclists have received $ 60 tickets for such offenses as riding on the sidewalk .
“ Some people are very understanding , and some are very upset , ” said Sgt. Grady Carter of the Denver Police Department , who is in charge of the urban bike patrol .
Scott Rogalski , a Capitol Hill resident who frequently rides his bike on urban jaunts , has received two warnings about riding on the sidewalk , which is against the law in Denver .
“ Once I was crossing Lincoln riding up Colfax and saw a car run a red light , ” he said .
When a police car took off , he assumed it was chasing the driver .
But he soon realized that he was being pulled over .
“ I was a little upset , ” he said .
For the record , it ’s OK to ride your bike on a sidewalk in Denver if you are within a block of parking your bike and are traveling 6 mph or less .
It ’s also OK if you are on a street that is part of a designated bike route , such as 20th Street between Coors Field and the Lower Highland neighborhood , said Denver Public Works department spokeswoman Ann Williams .
But cyclists argue there are not enough bike lanes and sharrows — the bike - shaped icons painted on the road to remind drivers to share it — in congested downtown streets .
They also say they feel safer riding on sidewalks .
On East 14th Avenue between Broadway and Lincoln Street on Monday , where a police officer was ticketing cyclists for riding on the sidewalk , there is no bike lane on the busy , one - way street .
Williams said cyclists would fare better if they first consult the free Denver bike map and then plan a route avoiding streets with no bike paths or sharrows .
“ There is a recommended route two blocks over from 14th Avenue , on 16th Avenue , ” she said .
“ We do n’t have resources to put ( a bike lane ) on every street . ”
Over the past two years , the city has almost doubled the number of its bike lanes , up to 38 miles in 2009 from 20 miles .
During that same period , sharrow lanes increased to 21 miles from 12 .
Still , many cyclists complain that motorists do n’t always follow the law that says they must give cyclists 3 feet of safe passing distance , so they ’d rather risk a ticket riding on the sidewalk .
Although Dan Grunig , executive director of Bicycle Colorado , said the group encourages all cyclists to abide by rules of the road , he also acknowledged that they sometimes “ feel between a rock and a hard place .
They ’re scared . ”
Pedestrians on crowded streets , however , often complain about cyclists on sidewalks .
“ We do see some cyclists riding on sidewalks at very high rates of speed , and that ’s what we are targeting , ” Carter said .
“ We know sometimes sidewalks are the safest place to be , but it is illegal , and we do enforce the law . ”
Colleen O’Connor : 303-954-1083 or coconnor@denverpost.com
Plan your path
Pick up a free Denver bike map — while supplies last — today at the city ’s Bike to Work Day breakfast station at Civic Center , 6:30 to 9 a.m .
The maps are always available at city recreation centers .
© J. D. Crowe
It seems like BP spent more time and money worrying about PR than about the spill .
( PhysOrg.com ) -- Scientists at the University of Leeds are predicting that within 10 million years Africa ’s Horn will fall away and a new ocean will form .
The team , who aim to show that geology can be fast and furious , will present their research at this year 's Royal Society Summer Science Exhibition which opens in London today .
Visitors to the exhibit will be able to take a 3D tour of the Afar rift in Ethiopia - above and below ground - where the African continent is cracking open .
In the remote Afar desert a 60 kilometre - around 40 miles - long segment of plate boundary cracked open by as much as eight metres over ten days in 2005 .
The gap filled with 2.5 cubic kilometres of molten rock - enough to bury the 42 square kilometres of London 's congestion charging zone under 60 m of lava .
Since then the crack has been growing wider and longer with the latest eruptions taking place as recently as May 2010 .
The scientists studying the region believe that a new ocean is slowly forming and will eventually split the African continent in two .
Visitors to the " Fast and furious : witnessing the birth of Africa 's new ocean " exhibit will be able to see a 3D interactive movie of the Afar region , examining how the surface geology changes when the land splits apart .
At the seismometer stand visitors will have the opportunity to jump up and down to create their own earthquakes as well as learn how scientists use earthquakes to figure out the earth 's processes .
Dr Tim Wright of the University of Leeds School of Earth and Environment said : " The process of ocean formation is normally hidden deep beneath the seas , but in Afar we have are able to walk across the region as the Earth 's surface splits apart - it really is amazing .
" We now have the opportunity to conduct all sorts of experiments in this unique natural laboratory , to further understand the processes involved in shaping the surface of the Earth .
It helping us to understand and mitigate natural hazards like earthquakes and volcanic eruptions . "
" The activity in the last 5 years in Afar has been truly incredible - we have been witnessing the plates split apart in real time in front of our eyes .
Our research has shown the importance of molten magma in the whole process - we have been able to track the magma from below the Earth 's crust until it is intruded into cracks and solidifies into new crust , or is erupted at the surface . "
The Royal Society 's Summer Science Exhibition is at the heart of See Further : The Festival of Science + Arts at Southbank Centre which celebrates the 350th anniversary of the Royal Society .
Explore further Volcanic eruptions may split Africa : scientists
To the probable disappointment of fashionistas everywhere , scientists have taken it on themselves to decide on the new black .
And it is ( drumroll please ) : black .
But it 's a black that 's blacker than any black before it .
How much more black could you get ?
As Spinal Tap guitarist Nigel Tuffnell said of the cover of the band 's last album , Smell the Glove : " None more black . "
The " blacker than black " substance developed by scientists does not occur in nature ; nor is it some sort of paint .
Rather , it is a " metamaterial " : an intricately constructed array of tiny silver wires embedded in aluminium oxide , which does weird things to the light waves that hit it , bending them in odd ways and sending them in unnatural directions .
Made by a team of scientists led by Evgenii Narimanov of Purdue University in Indiana , the result of this metamaterial is something that reflects almost no light , meaning it looks very , very black .
Why would you want such a material ?
Narimanov tells New Scientist that the primary application of his type of material is likely to be military , specifically in building equipment invisible to radar .
But the next stage – creating metamaterials that can manipulate visible light to the point that objects become invisible to the naked eye – is much harder , as the wavelength of visible light is thousands of times smaller than that of radio waves .
So , sadly for Harry Potter fans , it will be a long time before scientists can weave a cloak of invisibility .
We ’re excited to announce some price changes for Amazon S3 and Amazon EC2 , as well as a special data transfer promotion that will run until June 30 , 2010 .
Amazon S3 Storage Pricing Tiers
As Amazon S3 has grown , so has the number of customers storing large amounts of data in the service .
To assist these customers , we are reducing the price of our 500 TB tier .
We are also introducing new pricing tiers in all Amazon S3 Regions at the 1 PB and 5 PB levels .
These changes reduce storage costs for multi-petabyte customers by more than 15 % , and reduce the price of our highest tier by more than 50 % in the US Standard and EU ( Ireland ) Regions .
Amazon S3 EU ( Ireland ) Pricing
We are reducing the price of Amazon S3 in the EU ( Ireland ) Region by over 15 % across all of our storage tiers .
We have lowered our base price tier to $ 0.150 per GB .
We are also reducing Request prices from $ 0.012 to $ 0.010 per 10,000 GET requests or 1,000 PUT requests .
Amazon EC2 Windows Instance EU ( Ireland ) Pricing
We are reducing the price of Amazon EC2 Windows and SQL Server instances in the EU ( Ireland ) Region by more than 5 % to $ 0.12 per small Windows instance hour .
Free Inbound Data Transfer ( until June 30 , 2010 )
Data Transfer into AWS will be free of charge from now through June 30th , 2010 , making it even easier for customers to get their data into AWS .
Other applicable charges for use of these services continue to apply .
For full information on all service pricing , please see the detail page for each service on aws.amazon.com .
Rev. James Forbes gives his TED talk / Feature photo : TED
Here is a collection of some of the most moving TED talks when it comes to happiness , health , and spirit .
It ’s pretty hard not to be inspired to change the world , and your life , after watching a few minutes of a TED talk .
If you have n’t seen one before , get ready to be moved .
Here are six videos to springboard you into some serious inner travel :
Carl Honore praises slowness
We live in a fast - paced world that gets faster every single day .
There was bound to eventually be a movement to counter - balance this approach , and so the Slow Movement was born .
Journalist Carl Honore , well - known advocate for the Slow Movement , discusses what it means for our health and happiness to live in a culture where faster is always better :
In other cultures , time is cyclical , it ’s seen as moving in great , unhurried circles , it ’s always renewing and refreshing itself , where as in the West , time is linear , it ’s a finite resource .
It ’s always draining away , you either use it or lose it …
I think what that does to us psychologically is it creates an equation : time is scarce , so what do we do ?
Well , we speed up , do n’t we ?
We try and do more and more with less and less time , we turn every moment of every day into a race to the finish line , a finish line incidentally that we never reach …
Matthieu Ricard on the habits of happiness
A happy French man ?
It is possible , as Biochemist turned Buddhist monk Matthieu Ricard shows us .
Sometimes called the “ happiest man in the world , ” Ricard says that despite what “ French intellectuals say , no one wakes up in the morning thinking ‘ may I suffer the whole day ? ’ which means that somehow , consciously or not , directly or indirectly , in the short or the long - term , whatever we do , whatever we hope , whatever we dream , somehow is related to a deep profound desire for well - being or happiness . ”
Even with all of the other emotions present , such as jealousy , fear , and anger , we still have the ability to train our minds toward happiness .
For more on the science of happiness , check out Nancy Etcoff ’s speech .
Julia Sweeney on Letting Go of God
Sometimes , it takes hearing the wacky creation story of another faith to sit back and question the one of our own belief system .
In this talk , Julia Sweeney , best known for her run on Saturday Night Live , talks about a house visit from two Mormon boys , and how their explanation of God – and the supposed evilness of Native - Americans – made her contemplate her Christian faith .
Wade Davis on the worldwide web of belief and ritual
National Geographic Explorer - in- Residence Wade Davis reminds us how we are all connected , are all of an animal nature , and most importantly , that we are “ all cut from the same genetic cloth . ”
In the West , we think of technology as the great achievement of our intellect , while in other parts of the world , genius stems from the unraveling of the myths of life :
All peoples are simply cultural options , different visions of life itself .
Watch the beautiful pictures that Davis has taken of people all over the world , as he explains how different spiritual practices hold the Earth in balance .
David Hoffman on losing everything
What happens when you lose it all , literally ?
Nine days before giving this speech at TED , filmmaker David Hoffman lost 40 years of his life ’s work in a fire that burned down his house and office .
Camera lenses from shooting a Bob Dylan film , the only print of his feature film King Murray , and a letter from his father telling him to marry his first wife were gone in an instant .
He asks the question :
I looked at it .
I just did n’t know what to do .
Was I my things ?
At one point or another in life , we all must face loss .
Hoffman decides he ’s going to make something good out of his ; how will you approach yours ?
Rev. James Forbes : Compassion at the dinner table
Where does compassion begin ?
How do we cultivate it in everyday life ?
Rev. James
Forbes tells the story of practicing rituals at the dinner table and learning that sharing with others brings love to all .
Growing up , it was important that all the children of the family were present at the table , for the metaphor of all - inclusive meant “ we have been faithful in caring and sharing , we had the sense that justice and peace would have a chance in the world . ”
The overall message in Forbes ’ piece is one that moves us all in a compassionate way throughout life :
When one is honored , all are honored .
Thanks to Julie Schwietert for pulling this inspirational list together .
Community Connection
TED talks inspire on many different levels , including protection for the environment .
Check out 6 Inspiring TED Talks About the Environment over at Matador Change .
Image caption Mr Hayward initially said the impact would be 'very modest '
In the wake of the Gulf of Mexico oil spill , BP chief executive Tony Hayward has been criticised for a series of public relations setbacks that have enraged residents of the Gulf coast and US politicians .
Earlier this month , President Barack Obama said in a television interview that Mr Hayward " would n't be working for me after any of those statements " .
Here is a selection of what he has said and done to cause the controversy :
19 June
Mr Hayward takes part in the JP Morgan Asset Management round the island race on the Isle of Wight , sailing on a boat which he owns .
Mr Hayward is criticised by White House Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel for taking time off to go sailing .
In an interview with ABC News , Mr Emanuel says it has " just been part of a long line of PR gaffes and mistakes " .
" I think we can all conclude that Tony Hayward is not going to have a second career in PR consulting . "
A BP spokesman says Mr Hayward had not had a break since the spill began and was merely " spending a few hours with his family at the weekend " .
3 June
In a nationally broadcast TV advertisement , Mr Hayward pledges : " For those affected and your families , I 'm deeply sorry .
We will make this right . "
He also promises BP would clean up every drop of oil and " restore the shoreline to its original state " .
President Barack Obama says the following day that the $ 50 m spent by BP on the campaign and allocated dividends should have instead gone towards the clean - up operation and compensating devastated local businesses .
" What I do n't wanna hear is when they 're spending that kind of money on their shareholders and spending that kind of money on TV advertising that they 're nickel and diming fishermen . "
30 May
Asked what he would tell people in Louisiana , where oil had begun to reach parts of the state 's south - eastern marshes , Mr Hayward tells reporters :
" The first thing to say is I 'm sorry . "
" We 're sorry for the massive disruption it 's caused their lives .
There 's no one who wants this over more than I do .
I would like my life back . "
The statement was particularly criticised given that eleven people died in the drilling platform explosion that caused the spill .
18 May
In an interview with Sky News , Mr Hayward says he is not overly concerned by the amount of oil that is flowing into the Gulf of Mexico .
" I think the environmental impact of this disaster is likely to be very , very modest .
It is impossible to say and we will mount , as part of the aftermath , a very detailed environmental assessment as we go forward .
We 're going to do that with some of the science institutions in the US . "
" But everything we can see at the moment suggests that the overall environmental impact of this will be very , very modest . "
14 May
In an interview with the Guardian , Mr Hayward insists the leaked oil and the dispersant that is being released into the sea to try to tackle the slick should be put in context .
" The Gulf of Mexico is a very big ocean .
The amount of volume of oil and dispersant we are putting into it is tiny in relation to the total water volume . "
3 May
In an interview with NBC , Mr Hayward insists BP was not at fault for the explosion on the Deepwater Horizon on 20 April and the subsequent oil spill .
" Well , it was n't our accident , but we are absolutely responsible for the oil , for cleaning it up , and that 's what we intend to do . "
" The drilling rig was a Transocean drilling rig .
It was their rig and their equipment that failed , run by their people and their processes . "
About the author
( NewsTarget ) On March 10 , 2010 , seventy - six organizations representing millions of Americans sent a letter to the USDA asking for greater protection against cows with bovine spongiform encephalopathy or mad cow disease entering the US from Canada .
This letter was sent after the Canadian Food Inspection Agency confirmed , in February , the 18th case of bovine spongiform encephalopathy , or BSE , in a cow aged 72 months found dead on an Alberta farm .
BSE is a disease that causes a spongy degeneration of the brain and spinal cord .
Humans can contract the disease by eating the tissues of an infected animal .
The infectious agent is a protein that has changed shape named a prion .
The BSE cow was detected through Canada 's national BSE surveillance program but was not posted on the CFIA website for two weeks .
USDA regulations permit Canadian cattle born after March 1 , 1999 to be imported into the US with BSE testing .
Under these guidelines , the BSE cow that died in Alberta could have entered the US while it was alive .
Not only that , but this dead cow was one of 11 such animals with BSE that could have entered the US .
The USDA maintains that its Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service determined that the risk of BSE with Canadian animal trade is negligible and that it is keeping with international standards established by the World Organization for Animal Health .
This is in stark contrast to the USDA response when BSE was first found in northern Alberta in 2003 : Canadian cattle were banned .
However , severe economic repercussions in both the US and Canada followed .
Canadian markets lost eight million dollars a day in sales as Japan and twenty other nations joined the US ban on Canadian beef .
The USDA loosened its policy in 2005 to allow the importation of cattle younger than 30 months and in 2007 to allow cattle older than 30 months .
However , the US allows no cattle imports from the UK , Austria , Finland or any other nation where BSE has been found .
Scientists theorize that BSE originated in the United Kingdom due to livestock feeding practices where slaughterhouse wastes were rendered into high - protein meal and fed to cattle .
In 1996 epidemiologists in the UK realized that consumption of contaminated beef products by people resulted in a human form of the disease called Creutzfeldt - Jacob disease , or vCJD .
The World Health Organization claims 190,493 confirmed cases of BSE in 21 nations in Europe , Japan , Israel , the USA and Canada as of June 2009 .
But these numbers are open to question .
CJD is sometimes misdiagnosed as Alzheimer's .
In one study , a postmortem examination of 46 patients diagnosed with Alzheimer 's found 13 % had CJD .
With 4 million cases of Alzheimer 's in the US , Consumers Union argues there could be a hidden epidemic of CJD.M.
Thornley enjoys walking , writing and pursuing a raw vegan diet and lifestyle .
Full disclosure :
This post contains affiliate links . ?
What I 've discovered from learning Czech to a pretty good level
My Czech experiment was an interesting one and I 'm happy with the results and have learned a lot from the conclusions that I 've drawn !
This post discusses particular hacks for Czech , but you can see many more of my suggestions that would work for this and other languages on the blog .
I chose Czech randomly , and was able to reach a pretty good level after just two months of a casual part - time commitment ( with no commitment at all in my last month because of my increased workload to pay off a debt ; hence 2 months instead of 3 ) .
Rather than reaching a “ pretty good ” level because of some hidden language - gene that I definitely do n't have , it was because of the techniques that I 've openly discussed on this blog , and the general positive attitude I 've had from the very start .
This attitude was deeply rooted in the refusal to believe that Czech was a hard language .
Rather than having this philosophy simply from repeating a mantra like “ it is n't hard ” over and over again , I was constantly finding evidence to support this theory as I learned more about Czech .
Today I 'd like to share these discoveries and the tools that I used with those of you interested in trying this experiment for yourself , or for anyone in the basic stages of learning the language .
My study tool recommendations
I got asked in comments a lot what tools I used to study .
A great book that helped a lot was Czech , an essential grammar , which you can get directly from the Amazon UK or Amazon US site .
It was highly recommended to me and now I highly recommend it to you !!
It goes into great detail about word formations ( that I summarise below ) and very clearly explains Czech grammar in a straightforward and no -BS way .
It does n't waste time with childish pictures or irrelevant examples , but goes right into explaining the meat of the language , with full translations of all examples used and with lots of important vocabulary in each chapter .
I just wanted the facts , explained clearly and in detail , so this book was the best for me , but if you need a more lesson oriented approach this wo n't be for you .
As I often mention , I always have a phrasebook in my pocket .
Anytime I am waiting anywhere I take it out and learn some words from the dictionary at the back , which is small enough to get through a whole letter of the alphabet in a 10 minute wait for the tram , while still being big enough to cover most of the essential words .
Then of course you can also learn the huge amount of phrases from a wide range of categories squeezed into this tiny book .
The Lonely Planet phrasebook series has served me well in several languages and it did a great job in Czech too .
There are lots of other phrasebooks , but I like the wide range of topics covered by the phrases by Lonely Planet , as well as its price .
You can get this on the Amazon UK or Amazon US site , but if you are passing through Dublin 's or London 's airports you will see it on sale there too .
If you 're near a computer when studying , there are plenty of websites that can help too !
There is a very detailed dictionary at Slovnik.cz but sometimes it gives way too many translations for simple words with no context explanation , so I personally prefered good old Wordreference 's Czech dictionary for looking up simple words .
I also found some great blogs including the Czechmatediary , which is written entirely in both Czech and English , by a Czech native living in the states .
If you know of other great websites that help with learning Czech , please do share them in the comments .
Ignore the scare tactics !
If you 've decided to learn Czech , the first thing that other learners or ( especially ) natives may do is tell you how hard it is .
It 's got 7 cases , unpronounceable consonant clusters , irregular plurals , unrecognisable vocabulary , the hard - to - pronounce letter ř , lions and tigers and bears , oh my !!!
As a generally optimistic person , I tend to ignore unhelpful comments like these whenever possible .
None of these news - flashes were going to help or encourage me to make progress in the language , so I found another way of looking at them .
Even after studying it for just a few hours , I had already found several reasons to claim that it was easy , such as discovering that it was a phonetic language ( unlike say , French and definitely not like English .
I challenge you to say though , through , plough , dough , cough very quickly on the first attempt ) and that its conjugation can be similar to Latin languages .
Since then I 've found other ways of looking at the issue that you may find interesting .
I 'm not trying to say that Czech is “ easy ” , just that constantly focusing on it being hard is not helpful !
Looking at it the following way may motivate you and help you reach a good level much better than trying to scare or “ impress ” you with its difficulties ever would .
Vocabulary
When you learn French , Spanish etc. there is a host of words the same or similar in English that really ease the blow ( I 'll talk about these another time ) .
Since Czech is in the Slavic language branch , most words you encounter are nothing like their English counterparts , so it can be quite discouraging when you have hundreds of thousands of words to describe all the basic things in life , to learn off .
Even the best memory techniques may not help when you are up against such a vast amount .
Lucky for us , Czech is n't actually made up of hundreds of thousands of different of individual words , but actually , a much smaller subset of word roots , prefixes and suffixes , most of which are linked together in logical or easy to remember ways .
Czech does this way more than the western European languages I 'm familiar with ( which already do it to a certain extent ) .
Let me show you what I mean :
Let 's take 4 prefixes ; v , vy , od and za , ( all but vy are also prepositions ) and add them to a word root chod related to the verb chodit , to go ( habitual ) .
v by itself and in many verbs means in so when you have something for “ going in ” you have a… ?
An entrance !
vchod !
vý/vy does n't exist by itself in this context , but it means the opposite and you have an exit : východ .
od by itself means simply from , so what do you think a “ from - go ” thing would be ?
A departure = odchod !
You 'll actually find that a huge amount of words in Czech are formed by a small number of prefixes added to roots and a lot of them have extremely logical meanings like this .
Compare this to the French for exit , sortie , which is impossible to understand unless you have seen specifically that word or its verb sortir before .
I find Czech 's word formation to be much more logical and it is definitely easier to remember .
So learning a new word sometimes does n't actually involve learning any new words at all !
However , some examples take a bit of imagination , but are still not that illogical if your imagination is good enough .
Taking my last prefix za with chod ; za can mean behind / off , i.e. going offstage or out of view .
Well , if you are excusing yourself to go from out of the current “ scene ” or location , you may be going to … the toilet !
Czech signs say toaleta , but using the word in conversation would be weird because záchod is what most people say for toilet !
Yes , I know I 'm pushing it a bit !
But you have to admit , it 's not that much of a stretch of the imagination !
This technique , combined with the very very many straightforward logical combinations gave me thousands of Czech words for very little work .
In fact , prefix + root combinations multiply .
So if you understand the vague sense associated with the main prefixes do , na , nad(e ) , ne , o( b ) , od(e ) , pa , po , popo , pod , pro , pře , před , při , roz , s(e ) , spolu , u , v(e ) , vy , vz , z , za and combine less than half of them with say 10 roots that they may work with , then for the price of learning 20 word - meanings , you actually get 10 × 10=100 words thanks to all the possible combinations !!
When you add suffixes to the mix it helps so much for understanding a huge amount of words without getting a headache trying to memorise each word individually .
For example , the suffix “ ař ” , which means people associated with the root word , and the word for a medicine lék , will give you a lékař … a medicine - person ?
A doctor !!
Film is the same as in English , but filmař is film maker , ryba is fish , but rybář is fisherman etc .
So many words can be broken up like this , so studying the prefixes and suffixes gives you an exponential amount of possibilities to understand the language .
Grammar
When I was told that there were 7 cases for each word with a different option for singular and plural , I was worried that I would have to learn 14 “ words ” for each individual word .
This is not the case .
Sorry Czech , but your cases do n't scare me in the least .
All we need to do is change the end of the word ( most of the time , simply changing one vowel to another , but practically all other changes follow consistent rules like h->z ) .
It does take a bit of getting used to that you have to remember if you are changing that last o to an a and which case to use etc .
but if you do enough exercises or ( in my case ) actually talk with Czechs and just throw in any old ending , they will correct you and it will sink in quickly enough .
This is something that you can get used to !
In fact , it soon becomes quite natural !
It may seen annoying when starting off , since we do n't have this in English , but you must look at it from within the language itself , instead of from English .
I got so used to the use of Czech cases that I actually find it annoying now when people use the Czech word “ Praha ” in English instead of Prague without declining it !
You can't say in Praha or to Praha ; it would obviously be in Praze and to Prahy , duh !!
You may be sceptical to think that this is easy , but let 's compare it to other languages :
Czech failed to impress me in difficulty in so many counts and noun declensions was one of them .
In Irish we also have the genitive and vocative sense for example , but because of initial mutations on words , when we alter a word , the ending and the beginning is changed .
A word starting with a B changes to a V sound for example .
In Czech all they do is change the ending , and the rules are very consistent ( explained in the book I mentioned ) .
In French you can almost never just say a singular word in a sentence without adding an ( in ) definite article , which requires you to know its gender .
Czech does n't even have indefinite / definite articles .
It 's true that they use demonstrative ( this / that ) more , but translating a sentence as “ I saw car ” ( with no the / a , which complicates the sentence somewhat in other languages ) is completely correct .
However , when you do learn genders of nouns they are easy to remember .
Almost all the time a noun ending in a consonant in masculine , ending in ‘ a ' is feminine and ending in ‘o ' is neuter .
There are exceptions , but they follow predictable guidelines .
There may be 3 genders , but it 's very easy to remember which gender a noun is , especially compared to a language like French and to what I remembered from German , which has more complex ending - gender association rules and can seem much more random .
The right attitude when learning is the key
There is no challenge in the Czech language that you cannot overcome .
The consonant clusters are tricky , but in Czech , some consonants tend to act like vowels , so krk ( neck ) actually sounds a bit like Kirk ( although note that the r is rolled , and this was one advantage I did have when starting because I 've already learned this sound from Spanish ) , just with the vowel sound reduced .
When you are focused and devoted enough to the language these “ noises ” do turn into words very quickly .
Children learn this language all the time , so a smart adult like you has no excuses !
It 's possible to retort this post with a list of reasons why Czech is hard , but why bother ?
How can that help language learners ?
Czech has great literature and can be a very expressive and difficult language to master .
But if your goal is to just speak it , then there is NOTHING holding you back from this .
I challenge you to find even more reasons why it 's easy rather than tell me how wrong I am about it not being hard .
Give this language a try and let me know what I missed in my quest to prove that it can indeed be spoken quite well , quite quickly .
Apart from these tips specifically for Czech , it 's very important to have an efficient study and learning method .
Děkuju you Czech , it 's been a pleasure !
the word for a medicine lék with
And finally ...
One of the best ways to learn a new language is with podcasts .
Read more about how to use podcasts to learn a language .
We dare you to top this headline .
We ’re actually surprised that they managed to fit it in the newspaper without running out of ink .
It only could have been better if Snickers beat up Sumo .
Oil , natural gas and water are still spewing from an abandoned well hit by a barge on a Louisiana waterway near the Gulf of Mexico .
Coast Guard Capt .
John Arenstam says a wild well company is working on a plan to shut down the well , which is north of Barataria Bay and has been leaking since early Tuesday .
Authorities had already been working there to avoid contamination from the much larger BP oil spill in the Gulf .
Arenstam expects the company to present its shutdown plan at some point Wednesday .
ADVERTISEMENT
It ’s not clear how much oil has spewed from the damaged wellhead but local officials say it ’s a minuscule amount compared to the BP spill .
The Coast Guard says a towboat was pushing the barge on Mud Lake when it hit the wellhead .
The towboat captain told investigators the well was not lit as required .
Source : AP News
Mochila insert follows …
Researchers have uncovered a new type of friction that happens only among nanoparticles , according to a paper published in Nature Materials this week .
In these experiments , gold clusters sliding across a graphite surface experience what the researchers have termed " ballistic nanofriction , " which caused them to move in a way that is entirely unlike that of larger sliding objects .
Manufacturers will likely have to account for the effect as nanomechanical devices become more common .
Many experiments have studied the relationship between sliding objects and the kinds of forces they experience due to friction .
Scientists have found that a macroscopic disc moving across a surface will slide and spin at the same time , and both kinds of motion will also stop at the same time .
In the nanoscale regime , this relationship is turned on its head .
The researchers slid tiny clusters of gold across a smooth , unblemished graphite surface .
They found that , during a fast slide , the gold clusters were unaffected by drift or the effects of Brownian motion , both of which are normally significant at the nanoscale .
The authors termed this fast motion " ballistic . "
But the clusters ' motion was n't entirely undisturbed : when they hit thermal bumps in the graphite , some of their energy would be transferred to rotational motion , and the particles would be sent spinning away .
Likewise , if the gold clusters were initially spinning , but moving at slow translational speeds , an alignment with the graphite would transfer most of the motion from spinning to sliding , causing a sudden acceleration of the linear motion .
This is nothing like you would see with a sliding macroscopic disc .
The researchers note that the behavior only applies to tiny bits of matter that have been propelled along in some way — slow - moving particles overwhelmingly feel the effects of Brownian motion and diffusion .
Still , nanosystems with fast - moving parts , even if they move over tiny distances , can be expected to experience this new type of friction .
Nature Materials , 2010 .
DOI : 10.1038 / NMAT2798 ( About DOIs ) .
The New York Times has a long article today in its Business Section about the dismal job market for teenagers this summer , here are some excerpts from " Job Outlook for Teenagers Worsens " :
" This year is shaping up to be even worse than last for the millions of high school and college students looking for summer jobs .
With so many people competing for so few jobs , unemployed youth “ are the silent victims of the economy , ” said Adele McKeon , a career specialist with the Boston Private Industry Council who counsels students on matters like workplace etiquette , professionalism and résumé writing .
Getting the first job “ is an accomplishment , and it ’s independence , Ms. McKeon said .
If you do n’t have it , where are you going to learn that stuff ? ”
The unemployment rate for the 16 - to - 24 age group reached a record 19.6 percent in April , double the national average .
For those job seekers , said Heidi Shierholz , an economist at the Economic Policy Institute , “ This is the worst year , definitely since the early ’ 80s recession and very likely since the Great Depression . ”
MP : Not once in the 1,300 word article does the writer discuss the devastating effects on teenage employment of the 41 % increase in the minimum wage from $ 5.15 per hour in early 2007 to $ 7.25 by the summer of 2009 .
Thanks to Jeff at the
Added - Value Blog
for pointing this out .
Here 's my re-write :
This year is shaping up to be even worse than last for the millions of high school and college students looking for summer jobs .
With so many people competing for so few jobs , unemployed youth “ are the silent victims of the economy minimum wage legislation ” said
Mark Perry , professor of economics at the Flint campus of the University of Michigan .
Getting that first job “ is an accomplishment , and it ’s independence .
If you do n’t have it , where are you going to learn that stuff ? ” said a career specialist .
According to Perry , " With a 41 % increase in the minimum wage between 2007 and 2009 from $ 5.15 to $ 7.25 per hour , the chances of getting that first job , along with valuable experience , on - the - job training and independence will now be more difficult than ever before .
Especially during an economic downturn , unskilled workers have a potentially powerful weapon and advantage that can give them a competitive edge over skilled workers in a weak labor market - low wages .
But between 2007 and 2009 , politicians took away the competitive advantage of unskilled workers at the time they needed it most , by boosting the minimum wage for unskilled workers by 41 % , and essentially pricing them right out of the worst economy and labor market since the early 1980s . "
The unemployment rate for the 16 - to - 19 age group reached 25.4 percent in April , 15.5 points higher than the national average of 9.9 % ( see chart above ) .
For those job seekers , said Heidi Shierholz , an economist at the Economic Policy Institute , “ This is the worst year , definitely since the early ’ 80s recession and very likely since the Great Depression , in large part due to the increase in the minimum wage increases in 2007 ( 13.6 % ) , 2008 ( 12 % ) , and 2009 ( 10.7 % ) . "
As researchers at Northeastern University , who issued a report in April on youth unemployment , put it , “ The summer job outlook does not appear to be very bright in the absence of a massive new summer jobs intervention , or a repeal of the minimum wage legislation . ”
The poor numbers this year are not solely a symptom of the continued weak economy , but have been made far worse by the recent hikes in the minimum wage .
For generations , government data shows , at least half of all teenagers were in the labor force in June , July and August .
Starting this decade , though , the number of employed teenagers began to drop , and by 2009 , less than a third of teenagers had jobs .
This year , the number could fall below 30 percent , and teenagers have the minimum wage to thank for the worst job prospects in a generation for their age group .
The forecast for this summer is so dire that high school students took to the streets this year in Washington , Boston and New York to push lawmakers to come up with money for summer youth jobs programs as Congress did last year , allocating $ 1.2 billion for a program for low - income youths .
repeal the minimum wage law that students refer to as the " teenage job killer . "
Most cameras have issues with far red or infrared .
There are lots of filters to fix that , but you have to use the right one for the right camera .
Read on to see what works with Alexa .
Last night I had the chance to–finally !
– touch an Arri Alexa at Chater Camera ’s Alexa preview party .
And , being a curious sort of fellow , I decided to run some impromptu tests .
IR tests are the easiest to do so I quickly did some–and in the process learned some interesting things about Alexa .
I handhold an Arri Alexa prototype at Chater Camera ’s “ Welcome to Alexa ” event last Monday evening .
John Chater puts the camera on my shoulder so I can enjoy the feel of a perfectly balanced camera .
Michael Bravin of Arri brought us an Arri Alexa prototype with a working ProRes recording module , so I happily shot my tests to ProRes 422 ( HQ ) and carted them away .
I have to say that I have never had an easier time getting footage into Final Cut Pro .
I ’ve received some complaints lately that some of my articles are too hard to follow .
Several people have requested “ executive summaries . ”
Okay , here it comes : the IR filter that you ’ll need when using Alexa is :
The Tiffen T1 .
The Arri Alexa seems to respond to non-visible red light in much the same way that the Sony F35 does , and probably for much the same reason : the color red has been , for a long time , the bastard stepchild of television .
In the NTSC days we used to issue wardrobe instructions that stated “ No white , black or red ! ”
White and black were difficult tones to reproduce accurately , since exposing for flesh tones usually made white too bright and black too dark ; and bright red was known to smear disturbingly when broadcast .
The red phosphor used in early televisions was n’t bright enough to compete with the blue and green phosphors , so some green was added to the red phosphor to “ pump it up . ”
This resulted in –you guessed it –orange - ish reds .
Real red was almost never seen on television .
And when it was seen , it was feared .
The color red , in the old days , never got no love .
The first time I fired up a Sony F35 I was standing next to video engineer Jim Rolin .
The camera was aimed down at a Persian carpet and Jim exclaimed , “ I ’ve never seen so many hues of red from a video camera before ! ”
Sony built the F35 for digital cinema , which did n’t have the color gamut restrictions imposed by earlier analog broadcasting standards , and all the colors were rich and beautiful without being oversaturated –especially red .
Arri has done much the same thing here : they ’ve pulled out all the color stops .
But when you do that with red there are certain … side effects .
Filter tests with an Arri Alexa prototype at Chater Camera .
To the right is my ( as yet un-patented ) IR / far red test chart .
Far red is not infrared .
Infrared is heat , and every silicon sensor ever made is primarily sensitive to heat .
It ’s just a fact of life : given its druthers , silicon sensors would rather function as IR imagers because heat is what they see best .
Humans , on the other hand , do n’t see heat at all , so we cut off the portion of the spectrum silicon loves most ( above a wavelength of about 750 nm ) and keep the rest .
From the perspective of a piece of silicon it ’s a bit like keeping the gravy but throwing out the roast beef , because we can taste the gravy but not the beef .
Far red is a color that is on the very edge of the visible spectrum .
It ’s just above red and it ’s a color that humans do n’t see easily , if at all .
Most modern cameras , such as the F35 and likely the Arri Alexa , have an IR cut filter that chops off the spectrum starting at around 700nm , where the visible spectrum ( and the ITU - 709 broadcast standard ) ends , and that eliminates infrared contamination that starts at around 750 - 800 nm .
But there ’s a little sliver of far red , just below that range , that , if amplified , shows up in certain types of synthetic fabrics and clothing dyes .
What ’s the best way to amplify a color like far red ?
Put a filter in front of the lens that blocks visible light , requiring the stop on the lens to be opened .
Opening the stop brings the level of visible light back to normal but boosts far red , because far red was never cut to begin with .
That filter is called a neutral density filter .
You may have heard of it .
Other than a polarizer there is probably no type of filter that is more used in front of lenses .
ND filters block visible light only .
They have no effect on non-visible light .
The stronger the ND filter , the more visible light is blocked and the more the lens stop is opened to compensate –which lets in more far red .
Let ’s look at some actual pictures on the next page …
Lets look at some pictures so you can see what I ’m describing .
These images were shot under tungsten light but with an 80A daylight - conversion filter in front of the lens .
Far red is primarily an outdoor daylight issue because that ’s when we ’re most likely to use ND filters .
( I did a quick test under tungsten light and there was no appreciable difference in response , but you never know .
Far red and IR contamination in the RED ONE camera show up as red under daylight but blueish red under tungsten light . )
These images were recorded at EI 800 to ProRes422 .
I used Final Cut Pro ’s three - way color picker to set a white and black balance : white was the sheet of paper on the right , and black was the black fabric at the top right of frame .
I looked at all the filters through the camera first , and then shot them slightly out of sequence , so please pardon the messy on - screen notes .
Here ’s my IR fabric chart with no ND .
The blacks are lifted to about 20 - 30 % on a waveform monitor , depending on the fabric patch , which overemphasizes whatever effect far red has .
The top middle patch , “ Quilters Solids , ” shows a little bit of far red contamination , but under normal conditions this fabric would be rendered so dark that this tonal shift would probably be unnoticeable .
Here ’s the same chart with a Tiffen ND .30 filter .
We can definitely see some red in the middle two patches , with a little red visible in the left column of patches as well .
The two patches in the right column are “ controls ” : they tend not to reflect far red and always remain black .
( Note the variety of fabrics that do , and do n’t , reflect far red , depending on either the type of fabric or the dyes used . )
With a Tiffen ND .60 filter the far red contamination becomes even more apparent .
Note that this is not an overall color shift introduced by the filter , as only some of the blacks are changing color .
An ND .90 filter reveals some fairly serious changes in color .
This is more - or - less consistent with what you ’d see under the same circumstances with the Sony F35 , EX1 or EX3 cameras .
I then put an ND 1.2 ( four stop ) ND filter in the matte box , to further stress the camera , and started running through hot mirror filters .
Hot mirrors use dichroic coatings to very precisely eliminate specific wavelengths of light .
Heavy dichroic coatings change color when viewed at an angle , which is why some of the filters with the heaviest coatings , that work the best against IR and far red , are unusable on wide angle lenses as they ’ll turn the edges of the frame cyan , where the angle of view through the filter is the most extreme .
This is the Schneider Tru-Cut 750 .
This filter works great on the RED ONE , but not so good on the Alexa ( or the Sony F35 / EX1 / EX3 ) .
Its light dichroic coating cuts too high in the spectrum , way above where the Alexa ’s problems lay .
The Alexa seems similar to the Sony F35 in that the F35 ’s on - sensor IR cut filter is already excellent ; adding a hot mirror with a higher cut results in no change because the on- sensor filter is already doing an excellent job .
And the issue is n’t a sensitivity to infrared ( heat ) , but a sensitivity to red on the edge of the visible spectrum .
Here ’s the Tiffen Hot Mirror .
This is also an excellent filter for the RED ONE , but its cut is still too far above the Alexa ’s on - sensor cut .
This is the Formatt Hot Mirror .
Its dichroic coating is a little heavier , as seen in a slight cyan shift around the edges of the frame when using a wide angle lens , which makes it less friendly artistically but better at cutting far red .
Its lower cut removes a little bit more far red than the Tiffen Hot Mirror does .
The reason hot mirrors do n’t work on this camera , or on the Sony F35 , is that they are designed to cut IR above 720 - 750 nm .
The Arri Alexa and Sony F35 have a hot mirror on the sensor that cuts at around 700nm , so if we add a hot mirror that cuts above the range of the hot mirror on the sensor we ’ll see little or no change in IR / far red contamination .
A 750nm hot mirror wo n’t do anything when combined with the 700nm hot mirror mounted to the sensor , because the 700nm hot mirror has already done all the work .
Clearly the problem is from far red below the 700nm cutoff–and there ’s a good reason that camera manufacturers do n’t use an on -sensor dichroic filter that cuts lower than 700nm .
More on that in a second .
And now , the filter you ’ve been waiting for : the Tiffen T1 :
All gone .
That ’s pretty amazing , especially when you compare it to this filter , the gold standard of IR cut filters :
This is the Schneider Tru-Cut 680 .
You wo n’t see many of these around because , while they work brilliantly , they use a very , very heavy dichroic coating that vignettes obviously on even slightly wide lenses .
It ’s a great reference filter but not very usable in the field .
What is so interesting about the Tiffen T1 is that it is NOT a hot mirror ( dichroic ) filter .
Remember , the Arri Alexa already has an excellent hot mirror filter on its sensor already , so unless we want to add a heavier dichroic filter in front of the lens and risk color shifts around the edge of the frame , hot mirrors are not the way to go with this camera .
What Tiffen seems to have done is to create a color dye filter that passes most of the visible spectrum without passing the one sliver of spectrum that causes these fabrics to change color .
That ’s a pretty amazing feat when you consider that dye filters deal in subtractive color : they absorb colors that are not their own , and pass the rest .
The Tiffen T1 filter .
How Tiffen managed to create a filter that absorbs that one little bit of spectrum while passing the rest is beyond me , but they did it without using dichroic coatings which means no risk of color vignetting .
Use this filter just as you would any other color filter .
I asked Arri’s Michael Bravin why they did n’t just put a 680nm cut filter on the sensor and wipe out this far red contamination once and for all .
His answer :
“ Flesh tone .
Realistic and pleasing flesh tones require some far red in order to look natural . ”
Eliminating all far red through the use of a very low cut dichroic filter on the sensor can have a devastating effect on flesh tone .
The T1 rebalances colors to prevent far red from overwhelming far red-reflective fabrics and dyes while protecting and preserving flesh tones .
If you ’ve already invested in 4×5.6 Tiffen T1 filters , or a set of Tiffen IR ND filters , for use with the Sony F35 or Panavision Genesis , you should be good to go with the Arri Alexa .
If you ’d like to learn how to preview fabrics for IR / far red contamination without actually looking at them through a camera , click here .
You ’re going to like this camera .
A lot .
Disclosure : nearly every filter manufacturer in this article has sent me filters , for free , to test , and they ’ve allowed me to keep them .
Thanks very much to the crew at Chater Camera ( owners John Chater and Jay Farrington , prep tech Mecky Creus and office manager Erin Anderson ) for a great show and some reasonably flattering pictures .
Thanks also to Michael Bravin of Arri for indulging me in my tests , and to Arri , for making a camera I ca n’t wait to use .
Art Adams is a DP who , under certain circumstances , really likes to see red .
His website is at www.artadams.net.
gtmess ( c ) 2002 -2011 by George M. Tzoumas
Page last modified on Mar 17 , 2015
Latest client version is 0.97 ( Dec 21 , 2011 )
NEWS [ Oct 3 , 2014 ] source code with history uploaded to github , latest version ( not yet released ) always there , official releases still through SourceForge [ Jan 15 , 2013 ] MSN may soon become deprecate , I 'm considering adding XMPP support ;) [ Dec 21 , 2011 ] gtmess -0.97 released
Welcome to the homepage of the gtmess messenger client ; a console MSN Messenger client for Linux and other unix systems ( bsd , macos , solaris , irix , etc. ) that conform to the POSIX standard .
This program is free software ; you can redistribute it and / or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation ; either version 2 of the License , or ( at your option ) any later version .
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful , but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY ; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE .
See the GNU General Public License for more details .
Features
supports MSNP12 protocol version
detection of users that login as Appear Offline ( Invisible )
portable to many unix ( POSIX ) systems
console interface with menus ( using curses )
full unicode ( UTF - 8 ) support for input and output
multiple threads ( using pthreads )
notification window ( libnotify / Growl or external Tcl / Tk script )
contact ignore ; you do n't block them , they see you online , but get a network error when they contact you ! ;-)
contact list cleanup ( no more fake friends ! )
message logging
sound effects ( even with pc speaker ! )
HTTP gateway ( port 80 ) ; can also be used with other clients
Download
Source ( github repo )
Source ( official releases )
gtmess-0.97.tar.gz ( 338 K )
Sound files are provided separately ( 408 K )
Older versions can be found at the file releases page .
Documentation
The documentation is included in the distribution .
Here is an HTML version for on - line browsing :
INSTALL
README
ChangeLog
Manpage of gtmess ( client )
Manpage of gtmess_w ( terminal launcher )
Manpage of gtmess - notify ( notification popups )
You can also see this FAQ ( last update : Mar 17 , 2015 ) .
It has been derived from the lots of emails I get about gtmess .
This FAQ is not included in the distribution !
Screenshot
The screenshot is at the top of the page .
I hope you found the full size version !
Links
have fun with gtmess !
send your comments about the program to geotz( at) hotmail.com
EL PASO , Texas —
A new trial date for Luis Posada Carriles , the self - confessed anti-Cuba terrorist , was set today , June 2 , by U.S. District Judge Kathleen Cardone in El Paso , Texas .
Charged with perjury and fraud , Posada Carriles will stand trial on Jan. 11 , 2011 .
Prosecutors say he lied to U.S. immigration authorities about his involvement in the terrorist bombings in Cuba in 1997 , which killed an Italian tourist .
Carriles is wanted by Venezuela for trial on a 1976 airplane bombing , which killed all 73 passengers on board , including the entire Cuban fencing team .
Carriles was part of the CIA and aided the United States in the run up to the failed Bay of Pigs invasion .
The El Paso Times reports Judge Cardone saying the trial date is firm and she does n’t want any more delays .
Cardone postponed the March 1 trial date earlier this year .
See links below for a sampling of previous coverage on Luis Posada Carriles and anti-Cuban terrorism , or for a fuller listing search keywords : Posada Carriles .
Terrorist with connections : the strange case of Luis Posada Carriles
Washington finally brings criminal charges against Posada
Cuban mother seeks common cause with Americans in fighting terrorism
Resetting U.S. - Cuba relations and the Cuban 5
The new anti-Cuba campaign
Heroes in the war against terrorism
Photo : Luis Posada Carriles
Plan A did n't work , so try Plan B. iStockPhoto
The insurance company Aflac did n't lose money during the recession , and it managed to pare costs without any layoffs .
But it did institute a hiring freeze , which could stay in effect until the economy looks a lot stronger than it does right now .
Many of Aflac 's customers are small businesses like construction firms and car dealerships , and until they see a big pickup in business and start hiring themselves , Aflac 's own sales wo n't increase enough to justify more hiring .
" For us to see a pickup in new sales , somebody else needs to start it first , " says Aflac CEO Dan Amos .
" Jobs are going to be very slow in coming back . "
In the aftermath of the Great Recession , that seems to be the whole problem : Everybody 's waiting for somebody else to kick - start a robust recovery .
Consumers typically get the ball rolling as they boost spending on homes , cars , appliances , and other purchases that they put off during the downturn .
But millions of consumers remain out of work or dogged by too much debt .
Companies would start hiring again if they felt economic activity was heating up , but CEOs like Amos have their doubts .
The weak hiring then creates a circular effect , reinforcing consumers ' reluctance to spend .
If consumers and businesses do n't get traction soon , there could even be another recession .
The dreaded " double - dip " scenario seems unlikely : Moody 's Economy.com , for example , says there 's just a 23 percent chance that the U.S. economy will be in a recession six months from now .
But other forecasts are gloomier , and there 's plenty of economic trouble to worry about .
Europe seems much more prone to a double - dip , thanks to debt problems in Greece , Spain , Italy , and other countries , and any pain there could hurt here , too .
In the United States , meanwhile , the housing bust refuses to end , government stimulus spending will soon peter out , and a mushrooming federal debt is spooking investors .
If the American economy is ready to stand on its own , it 's sure taking its time getting up off the floor .
It would probably take a major financial shock — like a debt default in one or more European countries — to trigger a double - dip , which would be characterized by a pullback in bank lending ( again ) , fresh corporate layoffs , panicky stock markets , and plunging consumer confidence .
There 's not much ordinary consumers can do to prevent that , but they can take steps to safeguard their finances and improve their options if the economy gets worse instead of better .
Here are 11 ways to prepare for a double - dip :
Save more .
It might sound obvious , yet Americans are n't doing it .
During the worst days of the recession , Americans boosted their savings to about 5 percent of their disposable income , as they built ( or rebuilt ) nest eggs and rainy - day funds .
But the savings rate has now fallen to 3.4 percent , and that 's not high enough .
Economists believe the savings rate needs to be somewhere between 6 and 10 percent , for several years , for the nation to rebuild all the wealth lost in the housing and stock market busts .
That might sound high , but the historical average after World War II was about 12 percent .
Few households today can match that .
Make backup plans .
Yeah , it 's tiresome to keep asking what could go wrong .
But do n't assume that just because the recession is technically over , you 're out of the woods .
Employers still might be inclined to cut pay , reduce hours , and trim their staffs , and some companies remain at risk of going belly up .
So make contingency plans for what you would do if you lost 20 percent of your income , or 50 percent .
What would you give up ?
How would you cut expenses ?
Are there any drastic changes you'd be able to make to get by on a lot less ?
Stay liquid .
Your rainy - day fund wo n't do much good if you can't tap into it , or if you 'll lose money by being forced to sell stocks or other investments .
With interest rates on the safest investments extremely low , it 's tempting to invest cash someplace where it will earn a higher return .
But make sure you retain a cushion in case something goes wrong .
Get smarter .
Once employers do start to hire again , they 're going to be extremely selective since they 've got a huge pool to choose from .
The best way to distinguish yourself is through education and training that 's superior to those you 're competing against for jobs .
Additional degrees , courses , and training certificates are one obvious differentiator , but you do n't need to spend a fortune to gain an edge .
Employers will also be impressed if you can grasp technology that befuddles others or show deep knowledge of the issues facing your industry .
Just showing up and asking for a job wo n't cut it any more , especially if the economy takes another downward turn .
Start something on the side .
You might prefer to relax in front of the TV at night , but that 's not much of a backup plan .
Instead , you might do freelance or consulting work , start an eBay business , or build a Web site showcasing your skills and accomplishments .
That way , if you unexpectedly lose your day job , you 'll have a little something to fall back on .
You might even earn some extra income or make connections that open new doors .
By the way , insisting that you 're not the entrepreneurial type is no longer an excuse :
A huge range of services on the Web , many of them free , make it easier than ever to set up shop on your own .
Wait .
You might be dying to replace your aging car or upgrade to a more comfortable home .
But put it off a little longer if you can .
Money spent on a home or car is hard to tap into if you suddenly need it , and higher monthly payments could become a noose on your finances if money gets tight .
This might require unusual discipline since it's a great time to buy a home , car , or other big - ticket item .
Interest rates on loans are near historic lows , and with buyers scarce , prices are down .
The good news is that a weak economy will probably depress prices for a while .
Interest rates are harder to predict , but many economists now expect the Federal Reserve to wait until mid-2011 to raise its own short - term rates , which often reflect the rates on consumer loans .
So there 's a good chance it will still be a buyer 's market a year from now — when the outlook for the economy might be clearer .
Resist the lure of cheap energy .
Oil prices have been falling lately , along with the price of gasoline , heating fuel , and other types of energy .
But do n't get used to it .
Energy prices are depressed largely because the global economy is weak , but there 's a good chance they 'll go back up whenever the economy strengthens and demand for energy increases .
So if you do buy a new car , home , or anything else that consumes energy , factor in fuel prices closer to 2008 levels — when gas hit $ 4 a gallon — than today 's prices .
Postpone retirement .
You might be able to retire on schedule , but if you 're banking on the current value of your home or investment portfolio , run the numbers and ask if you could still afford retirement if the value of your assets fell by 20 percent or so .
That probably wo n't happen , but working another few years and adding to your nest egg can't hurt .
Take consolation in the fact that many of your fellow Americans will end up doing the same thing — partly because they can't afford to retire , and partly because official retirement ages are likely to go up .
Downsize .
If you 're planning any big changes , think small .
If you have to move for a job , for instance , you might be able to move into a new home with one less bedroom or a smaller kitchen than you 're used to , while lowering your mortgage payment and energy usage .
Buy a four - cylinder car instead of a six - cylinder ; your 0 - to - 60 time does n't matter as much as it used to .
If you run your own business , ask your landlord for a rent reduction , look for cheaper space , or see if it 's possible to set up your office in the basement of your home .
Space is cheap for the moment .
Take advantage of it .
[ See what Washington needs to learn from Greece . ]
Stop speculating .
If you guessed right and put money into the stock market during the low points of 2009 , congratulations :
You caught an epic wave that led stocks up by more than 80 percent between March 2009 and April 2010 .
But that rocket ride was based on the expectation that a recovery was coming and that stocks had been heavily oversold , assumptions that are suspect today .
It 's impossible to predict whether stocks will go up or down , but it does seem clear that the conditions that produced a bull market a year ago no longer exist .
And those nagging debt problems in Europe could trigger a panic with little warning .
So if you 're playing the market today , be prepared to lose what you gamble .
The videos released by IDF from the Mavi Marmara are controlling the news cycle in Israel for the past 48 hours .
Their effect has been tremendous :
They silenced all questions on the operation , and had the public rally behind the government and the army , as the Maariv poll shows .
They made Israelis go out to the streets , demonstrating in front of the Turkish Embassy and having smaller rallies around the country .
But Incredible as it may seem , it ’s been almost three days since the army raided the ship , and we know nothing on the attack itself , except for the fact that some of the men on the Mavi Marmara stormed the soldiers as they descended from the helicopter to the upper deck .
We also have reason to believe that this attack was planned in advance , but that there were no firearms involved .
In other words , we only know what Israel wanted us to know .
At this point it is extremely important to say what we do n’t know :
We do n’t know the names and nationality of the killed passengers ( UPDATE : Turkey released some details ) .
we do n’t know for sure how many people were injured .
We do n’t know where they were killed , when , and how they died .
we do n’t know if and when people were given medical treatment .
There were security cameras on deck , but Israel does n’t show us what they filmed , except for the material which serves its purposes .
The night vision clips released by the army end just before the shooting begins .
We do n’t know what happened before the civilians attacked the commandos .
There were passengers claiming soldiers opened fire before they even boarded the ship , but we do n’t know if that ’s true .
Most important , we do n’t know anything about the battle itself – if it was a battle .
It seems that it was a long one , since we have short recording , in which you can hear Israeli MK Hanin Zoabi calling for help and begging the soldiers in Hebrew and English to stop shooting ( It ’s the second clip on this page ) .
At this time there were already passengers hurt , and one can assume that the attack on the soldiers ended .
But the shooting went on .
Some of this information could have been available had the IDF not confiscated all material from the Mavi Marmara .
What ’s even worse is that the army is now editing the films and releasing it in a way which suits its own narrative .
This film , shot from the upper deck , seems to have been taken by a camera crew or a passenger on board the ship .
The film embedded below , showing the passengers getting ready for the Israeli attack was taken from the ship ’s security camera .
Here is a good post regarding the IDF clips on the New York Times lede blog .
Robert Mackey notes in it that the images the army released lack context .
My only remark is that they were deliberately taken out of context .
The way Israel is withholding information is very troubling .
If the army has nothing to hide , why not release the material ?
Naturally , Israel is also refusing to address the bigger questions , such as why the flotilla was attacked in international waters , and if so , whether the passengers actually had the right to resist the soldiers ’ attempt to board their vessel .
The worse effect of this PR war is on the Israeli public , which now views the entire flotilla as a terrorist enterprise .
One can see the effect of this nationalistic mood in the way the members of Knesset almost physically attacked MK Zoabi today ( video here ) .
In fact , the government ’s campaign was so successful , many protested the release of the detained passengers , claiming “ the terrorists ” should be “ brought to justice ” .
All this leads to the conclusion that only an internationally led investigation might shed some light on the events on the Mavi Marmara .
Even so , the chances the IDF will give full access to the materials and soldiers are slim at best .
I 've been thinking since my last post about the virtue contrasts between the early Christians and the Greeks , the Stoics in particular .
I 'd mentioned that the Greeks privileged self - control while the Christians gave love pride of place .
I 'm not sure where I read this , but that discussion reminded me of the contrast some have made between the deaths of Socrates and Jesus .
Socrates died the ideal Greek death .
Self - composed , stoical , and philosophical .
While his students grieved and wept , Socrates calmly drank the hemlock that would kill him .
Jesus , by contrast , sweats blood in the garden of Gethsemane .
Jesus resists death and is in agony as he faces it .
A far cry from Socrates .
In short , the Christian ideal is n't to be stoical .
The goal is n't emotional resignation , apathy , or detachment .
The Christian ideal is to weep .
We see this not only in the garden of Gethsemane , but also in the gospel of John when Jesus confronted the death of his friend .
There it says succinctly , " Jesus wept . "
And , following the Man of Sorrows , Christians are commanded to " weep with those who weep . "
To be a Christian is to weep .
A lot .
Why ?
Because , it seems to me , weeping is the only way to see the suffering and pain in the world as objectively bad .
The goal is n't to stoically accept the pain , suffering , and death .
We are n't supposed to be reconciled to the suffering .
We are supposed to emotionally resist .
We are supposed to weep .
To lament .
To cry out .
Life is n't okay and I 'm not supposed to act like it is .
To weep is to object , to protest .
And to be clear , I admire the Stoics .
Socrates remains a hero of mine .
But in the end , my sensibilities are Christian .
I weep .
Like my Lord , I weep .
Rampant Skepticism Aid for Greece Has n't Stopped Euro's Slide
Despite the 110 billion euro aid package offered to Greece over the weekend , investors still do n't believe the country can solve its financial woes .
The euro continues to slide and the European Central Bank does n't have many arrows left in its quiver .
It 's easy .
We do it all the time .
Living in itself is being with all the questions and mistakes .
knowing in itself is not having known every turn to take or move to make or how to solve every problem or answer every question .
If you do nothing , you are living .
If you want to make something out of nothing , choose from all the things there are to choose from and make it matter to you .
You have skills , do n't bury them in worry .
If it matters to you it matters to me .
It 's ( we ) are all connected if only we believed it to be true .
Life is about what you believe .
Death and afterlife is about what you believe .
What you believe is what happens after wards .
In your after life , no one is going to correct you or argue with you .
You 'll be free to experience peace and freedom .
You can create your own world and understand it .
You can't make other people dance to your music unless they choose to do so , but then why would you want them to for you to be sure of yourself .
Understand your world and you 'll come to accept the rest of the world .
It 's up to the rest of the world to understand the rest of the world .
It 's all connected .
Not the mystery it appears to be .
We all solve the same puzzle with different pieces otherwise , how boring .
You 're just worried about me seeing what you see or you seeing what I see .
You are your own life .
You are the thing you 're waiting for .
Be that person you 're waiting for and attract that to your life .
Do n't spend too much time looking outside of yourself for what comes from you .
THEY do n't have it , YOU do .
We are our lives .
Sometimes the struggle is the purpose , the lesson , the enlightenment .
Not everything needs to be controlled or understood right at this moment .
Everything in steps .
When you reach step two , you 'll know where step three is .
You 'll have challenges anyway but more challenges if you want to skip over where you are and try to be where you want to be without deciding the order for yourself .
That order for you might be school or learning something else you 're interested in or eventually marriage or other relationships .
You decide .
you choose the negative or the positive and so will it be .
You do n't need to control all of life .
Just go with the parts that make sense to you .
Stress less .
You 're a smart cookie .
Let it work for you .
You 're on the right track pretty much most of the time .
You 're just not sure you are .
That comes as you move forward .
Questioning is moving forward .
You have more answers than you think you have .
You 'll know what you need to know when it 's time to know it .
If not you can Google it .
Have a good life !
Introduction
Intelligent Co-operative Systems are the next big challenge in automotive electronics and ITS .
Intelligent Co-operative Systems that are based on vehicle - to - vehicle and vehicle ( V2V ) and Vehicle to Infrastructure ( V2I ) communications hold the promise of great improvements both in the efficiency of the transport systems and in the safety of all road users .
Indeed intelligent Co-operative Systems increase the " time horizon " , the quality and reliability of information available to the drivers about their immediate environment , the other vehicles and road users , enabling improved driving conditions
leading to enhanced safety and mobility efficiency .
Similarly , Co-operative Systems offer increased information about the vehicles , their location and the road conditions to the road operators and infrastructure , allowing optimized and safer use of the available road network , and better response to incidents and hazards .
Activities have been started in USA , Japan and Europe .
Europe is well placed in the research on autonomous and stand - alone systems that have been researched in EU - funded programmes for over a decade , and have benefited from the support of political initiatives such as eSafety .
Benefits Intelligent Co-operative Systems will build and expand on the functionality of the autonomous and stand - alone in-vehicle and infrastructure - based systems , such as Intelligent Vehicle Safety Systems ( eSafety systems ) , including Advanced Driver Assistance Systems ( ADAS ) , traffic control and management systems and motorway management systems .
The benefits of the Intelligent Co-operative Systems stem from the increased information that is available of the vehicle and its environment .
The same set of information can be used for extending the functionality of the in-vehicle safety systems , and through vehicle - to - infrastructure communications for more efficient traffic control and management .
The benefits include : increased road network capacity
reduced congestion and pollution
shorter and more predictable journey times
improved traffic safety for all road users
lower vehicle operating costs
more efficient logistics
improved management and control of the road network ( both urban and inter-urban )
increased efficiency of the public transport systems
better and more efficient response to hazards , incidents and accidents
To the top
Ever heard the one about the guy who hated government until a deregulated Wall Street crashed , an oil spill devastated the Gulf of Mexico , a coal mine collapsed , and some good police work stopped a terrorist attack ?
Rarely has the news of the day run so counter to the spin on the news of the day .
It ’s hard to argue that the difficulties we confront were caused by an excessively powerful “ big ” government .
Rather , most of them arose from the government ’s failure to do its job in the first place .
The central tasks of democratic government , after all , typically involve standing up for the many against the few , the less powerful against the more powerful .
Government is supposed to make sure that corporations are properly supervised when they turn public resources ( the environment in the Gulf of Mexico , for example ) into private gain .
It is charged with protecting those with weaker bargaining positions ( coal miners , for example ) against the harm that those in stronger bargaining positions might inflict .
Its duty is to keep the private economy running smoothly by preventing fraud , shady dealing and forms of self - interested behavior that threaten the entire system .
And yes , it ’s supposed to keep us safe from physical harm , as it did in New York City .
Especially in the economic sphere , government in recent years failed to carry out too many of these basic functions .
That explains why this moment ’s anti-government feeling reflects two entirely different strains of thinking .
Public attention has largely gone to the strain exemplified by the tea party movement , opposition to government bailouts and an absolute hatred of Congress .
This is the old - fashioned , garden - variety conservatism that somewhere between a fifth and a third of Americans have long subscribed to .
These are the citizens you see on television at the anti-Obama rallies , the members of Congress who give speeches denouncing “ overregulation , ” and the think tankers who insist that the private sector always performs more efficiently and effectively than “ government bureaucrats . ”
Their views were definitively summarized many years ago by former House Majority Leader Dick Armey , now a tea party friend , who declared : “ The market is rational and the government is dumb . ”
Because they have always thought and voted the same way , partisans of this view do not account for shifts in opinion , let alone swing elections .
The more important and dynamic force behind the current disillusionment with government comes instead from those who actually believe it can and should be effective .
They do not think that the market is automatically rational or that the government has to be dumb .
They are not fed up with government because their ideology or philosophy tells them to be , but because they do n’t think government has been doing a proper job of promoting prosperity , equity and fair - dealing .
So far , the Obama administration has missed the opportunity to demonstrate to such voters how it is changing the way government works .
How is its approach to writing and enforcing regulations different from what was done before ?
How is its management of the agencies different ?
How are its priorities different ?
What specific past failures is it addressing ?
As Al Gore understood when he embarked on his “ reinventing government ” project for President Clinton , such an undertaking is more essential for liberals and progressives than for conservatives .
Conservative ideas generally gain ground when government is discredited .
But progressives who insist on government ’s constructive role can’t succeed unless they persuade voters that public agencies are up to the missions they undertake .
Starting with the newly urgent threat of domestic terrorism and the environmental disaster in the Gulf , the administration does not lack for obvious challenges to which it must respond effectively .
Competence is the antidote to the electorate ’s sick feeling about public authority .
But President Obama must also press on with the defense of government he offered in his recent University of Michigan commencement address .
And he has a new piece of evidence that will help him make his case that government in a free society is not a distant force , but rather something that all of us influence and shape .
We need to remind ourselves that a bomb could have devastated Times Square in the absence of the most basic form of cooperation between an observant merchant and a responsible police officer .
This is what happens when government is seen as being in partnership with democratic citizens .
And there ’s nothing dumb about it .
E.J. Dionne ’s e-mail address is ejdionne ( at) washpost.com .
Category theory crash course for the working Haskell programmer .
A frequent question that comes up when discussing the dual data structures — most frequently comonad — is “ What does the co- mean ? ”
The snippy category theory answer is : “ Because you flip the arrows around . ”
This is confusing , because if you look at one variant of the monad and comonad typeclasses :
class Monad m where ( >>= ) :: m a -> ( a -> m b ) -> m b return :: a -> m a class Comonad w where ( =>> ) :: w a -> ( w a -> b ) -> w b extract :: w a -> a
there are a lot of “ arrows ” , and only a few of them flipped ( specifically , the arrow inside the second argument of the >>= and =>> functions , and the arrow in return / extract ) .
This article will make precise what it means to “ flip arrows ” and use the “ dual category ” , even if you do n’t know a lick of category theory .
Notation .
There will be several diagrams in this article .
You can read any node ( aka object ) as a Haskell type , and any solid arrow ( aka morphism ) as a Haskell function between those two types .
( There will be arrows of different colors to distinguish concepts . )
So if I have f :: Int ->
Bool , I will draw that as :
Functors .
The Functor typeclass is familiar to the working Haskell programmer :
class Functor t where fmap :: ( a -> b ) -> ( t a -> t b )
While the typeclass seems to imply that there is only one part to an instance of Functor , the implementation of fmap , there is another , almost trivial part : t is now a type function of kind * -> * : it takes a type ( a ) and outputs a new type ( unimaginatively named t a ) .
So we can represent it by this diagram :
The arrows are colored differently for a good reason : they are indicating completely different things ( and just happen to be on the same diagram ) .
While the red arrow represents a concrete function a -> b ( the first argument of fmap ) , the dashed blue arrow does not claim that a function a -> t a exists : it ’s simply indicating how the functor maps from one type to another .
It could be a type with no legal values !
We could also posit the existence of a function of that type ; in that case , we would have a pointed functor :
class Functor f =>
Pointed f where pure :: a -> f a -- aka return
But for our purposes , such a function ( or is it ? ) wo n’t be interesting until we get to monads .
You may have heard of the Functor law , an equality that all Functors should satisfy .
Here it is in textual form :
fmap ( g . f ) == fmap g . fmap f
and here it is in pictorial form :
One might imagine the diagram as a giant if .. then statement : if f , g and g .
f exist , then fmap f , fmap g and fmap ( g . f ) exist ( just apply fmap to them ! ) , and they happen to compose in the same way .
Now , it so happens that if we have f :: a -> b and g :: b -> c , g .
f is also guaranteed to exist , so we did n’t really need to draw the arrow either .
This is such an implicit notion of function composition , so we will take a moment and ask : why is that ?
It turns out that when I draw a diagram of red arrows , I ’m drawing what mathematicians call a category with objects and arrows .
The last few diagrams have been drawn in what is called the category Hask , which has objects as Haskell types and arrows as Haskell functions .
The definition of a category builds in arrow composition and identities :
class Category ( ~ > ) where (. ) :: ( b ~> c ) -> ( a ~> b ) -> ( a ~> c ) id :: a ~> a
( you can mentally substitute ~> with -> for Hask ) and there are also laws that make arrow composition associative .
Most relevantly , the categorical arrows are precisely the arrows you flip when you talk about a dual category .
“ Great ! ” you say , “ Does that mean we ’re done ? ”
Unfortunately , not quite yet .
It is true that the comonad is a monad for an opposite ( or dual ) category , it is not the category Hask .
( This is not the category you are looking for ! )
Still , we ’ve spent all this time getting comfortable drawing diagrams in Hask , and it would be a shame to not put this to good use .
Thus , we are going to see an example of the dual category of Hask .
Contravariant functors .
You may have heard fmap described as a function that “ lifts ” functions in to a functorial context : this “ functorial context ” is actually just another category .
( To actually mathematically show this , we 'd need to show that the functor laws are sufficient to preserve the category laws . )
For normal functors , this category is just Hask ( actually a subcategory of it , since only types t _ qualify as objects ) .
For contravariant functors , this category is Hask^op .
Any function f :: a -> b in Hask becomes a function contramap f :: f b -> f a in a contravariant functor :
class ContraFunctor t where contramap :: ( a -> b ) -> t b -> t a
Here is the corresponding diagram :
Notice that we ’ve partitioned the diagram into two sections : one in Hask , and one in Hask^op , and notice how the function arrows ( red ) flip going from one category to the other , while the functor arrows ( blue ) have not flipped .
t a is still a contravariant functor value .
You might be scratching your head and wondering : is there any instance of contramap that we could actually use ?
In fact , there is a very simple one that follows directly from our diagram :
newtype ContraF a b = ContraF ( b -> a ) instance ContraFunctor ( ContraF a ) where contramap g ( ContraF f ) = ContraF ( f . g )
Understanding this instance is not too important for the rest of this article , but interested readers should compare it to the functor on normal functions .
Beyond the newtype wrapping and unwrapping , there is only one change .
Natural transformations .
I ’m going to give away the punchline : in the case of comonads , the arrows you are looking for are natural transformations .
What are natural transformations ?
What kind of category has natural transformations as arrows ?
In Haskell , natural transformations are roughly polymorphic functions : they ’re mappings defined on functors .
We ’ll notate them in gray , and also introduce some new notation , since we will be handling multiple Functors : subscripts indicate types : fmap_t is fmap :: ( a -> b ) -> t a -> t b ) and η_a is η :: t a -> s a .
Let ’s review the three types of arrows flying around .
The red arrows are functions , they are morphisms in the category Hask .
The blue arrows are indicate a functor mapping between types ; they also operate on functions to produce more functions ( also in the category Hask : this makes them endofunctors ) .
The gray arrows are also functions , so they can be viewed as morphisms in the category Hask , but sets of gray arrows across all types ( objects ) in Hask from one functor to another collectively form a natural transformation ( two components of a natural transformation are depicted in the diagram ) .
A single blue arrow is not a functor ; a single gray arrow is not natural transformations .
Rather , appropriately typed collections of them are functors and natural transformations .
Because f seems to be cluttering up the diagram , we could easily omit it :
Monad .
Here is the typeclass , to refresh your memory :
class Monad m where ( >>= ) :: m a -> ( a -> m b ) -> m b return :: a -> m a
You may have heard of an alternate way to define the Monad typeclass :
class Functor m =>
Monad m where join :: m ( m a ) -> m a return :: a -> m a
where :
m >>= f = join ( fmap f m ) join m = m >>= id
join is far more rooted in category theory ( indeed , it defines the natural transformation that is the infamous binary operation that makes monads monoids ) , and you should convince yourself that either join or >>= will get the job done .
Suppose that we know nothing about what monad we ’re dealing with , only that it is a monad .
What sort of types might we see ?
Curiously enough , I ’ve colored the arrows here as natural transformations , not red , as we have been doing for undistinguished functions in Hask .
But where are the functors ?
m a is trivial : any Monad is also a valid instance of functor .
a seems like a plain value , but it can also be treated as Identity a , that is , a inside the identity functor :
newtype Identity a = Identity a instance Functor Identity where fmap f ( Identity x ) = Identity ( f x )
and Monad m => m ( m a ) is just a functor two skins deep :
fmap2 f m = fmap ( fmap f ) m
or , in point - free style :
fmap2 = fmap .
fmap
( Each fmap embeds the function one functor deeper . )
We can precisely notate the fact that these functors are composed with something like ( cribbed from sigfpe ) :
type ( f :<*> g ) x = f ( g x )
in which case m :<*> m is a functor .
While those diagrams stem directly from the definition of a monad , there are also important monad laws , which we can also draw diagrams for .
I ’ll draw just the monad identity laws with f :
return_a indicates return :: a -> m a , and join_a indicates join :: m ( m a ) -> m a .
Here are the rest with f removed :
You can interpret light blue text as “ fresh ” — it is the new “ layer ” created ( or compressed ) by the natural transformation .
The first diagram indicates the identity law ( traditionally return x >>= f == f x and f >>= return == f ) ; the second indicates associativity law ( traditionally ( m >>= f ) >>= g == m >>= ( \x -> f x >>= g ) ) .
The diagrams are equivalent to this code :
join .
return == id == join .
fmap return join .
join == join .
fmap join
Comonads .
Monads inhabit the category of endofunctors Hask ->
Hask .
The category of endofunctors has endofunctors as objects and ( no surprise ) natural transformations as arrows .
So when we make a comonad , we flip the natural transformations .
There are two of them : join and return .
Here is the type class :
class Functor w =>
Comonad w where cojoin :: w a -> w ( w a ) coreturn :: w a -> a
Which have been renamed duplicate and extract respectively .
We can also flip the natural transformation arrows to get our Comonad laws :
extract .
duplicate == id == duplicate .
extract duplicate .
duplicate == fmap duplicate .
duplicate
Next time .
While it is perfectly reasonable to derive <<= from cojoin and coreturn , some readers may feel cheated , for I have never actually discussed the functions from monad that Haskell programmers deal with on a regular basis :
I just changed around the definitions until it was obvious what arrows to flip .
So some time in the future , I hope to draw some diagrams for Kleisli arrows and show what that is about : in particular , why >= > and <=< are called Kleisli composition .
Apology .
It being three in the morning , I ’ve managed to omit all of the formal definitions and proofs !
I am a very bad mathematician for doing so .
Hopefully , after reading this , you will go to the Wikipedia articles on each of these topics and find their descriptions penetrable !
Postscript .
You might be interested in this follow - up post about duality in simpler settings than monads / comonads .
Now that I think of it , I 'm not really sure how I found Maré Odomo ( or did he find me first ... ) .
I 've come to realize that he 's a terrific comic artist , creating inspiring daily comics on his flickr and other great illustrated works on his personal site
Anyway , the other day I was browsing around his flickr and discovered this series of short strips called " LETTERS TO AN ABSENT FATHER " .
The strips feature Ash Ketchum of Pokémon fame wondering about his forever absent father ( who has never been officially revealed in any Pokémon works , sad huh ) .
The comics are sweet and simple , captivating the life of Ash as a wonderful little kid who misses his pop .
I hope he makes more .
Keep an eye out for Mr. Maré Odomo .
He 's thinking up great things ( and eats a lot of nachos ) !
Over the weekend , as we drank beer and barbecued and generally took it easy , the battle between M.I.A. and the New York Times continued .
To review : Last week , the paper ’s designated celebrity character assassin , Lynn Hirschberg , published a fairly harsh takedown of the rapper .
Then , an infuriated M.I.A. tweeted Hirschberg ’s phone number , informed us that “ NEWS IS AN OPINION . ”
Finally , Sunday , in a blog entry titled “ War Crimes and French Fries , ” she posted two audio clips from the interview and a new song attacking Hirschberg .
After listening to the interview snippets and re-examining our general distaste for M.I.A. ’s recent shenanigans , something occurred to us :
It is n’t that she ’s wrong .
No , what bugs us about Maya Arulpragasam is her lack of self - awareness and seemingly non-existent sense of humor .
Let ’s start with Hirschberg ’s article .
To anyone who ’s ever written a profile , it ’s clear that the author went into it with a vendetta .
She wanted to write a hit piece , and that ’s what she did .
That is n’t to say that M.I.A. did n’t give her ammunition .
The contradictions in the singer ’s personality — she ’s all about repping Sri Lanka and speaking out for the poor and oppressed all over the world , but she ’s married to a millionaire , lives in Brentwood , and gushes about expensive jewelry — are n’t Hirschberg ’s invention .
And she shares her conflict between staying real and selling out with just about every other successful musician who was n’t grown in Universal ’s petri dish :
When Michelle Jubelirer , the singer ’s lawyer , tells Hirschberg , “ Maya vacillates between wanting to be huge and maintaining her artistic integrity .
That ’s her dilemma , ” it ’s a quote that would n’t be out of place in a profile of anyone from Bob Dylan to Nirvana .
Were there other , more laudable aspects of M.I.A. ’s life and career that the author could have focused on ?
Sure .
And did Lynn Hirschberg cross an ethical line , manipulating facts to cast her subject in an excessively negative light ?
Debatable .
The clips M.I.A. posted , at the very least , reveal a heavy editing hand and a serious truffle fry strategy .
But instead of lecturing us on the blindingly obvious revelation that journalism is n’t objective , perhaps Arulpragasam should sit down with a nice copy of Janet Malcolm ’s The Journalist and the Murderer .
Anyone who expects all press to be good press has n’t done her homework .
( Alternatively , perhaps M.I.A. is being savvier than we give her credit for .
After all , how many straight days has her name been in the national news ? )
What ’s really interesting , as far as we ’re concerned , are n’t the actual facts the article digs up about M.I.A .
It ’s what it highlights about her personality .
At one moment , late in the piece , she tells Hirschberg that “ America also has no sense of humor , ” going on to describe a British play about kids who want to be terrorists and why that would n’t fly in the US .
( For the record , we can imagine it being an Off - Broadway hit , even if it would n’t fly in Fargo . )
Earlier on , Arulpragasam says to Hirschberg , “ All of what I ’m wearing is American …
If I was a terrorist , I would n’t be wearing American clothing . ”
The author observes , “ This may have been a joke , but Maya rarely laughs .
She speaks carefully , slowly , with a kind of deadpan delivery .
Like a trained politician , she stays on message .
It ’s hard to know if she believes everything she says or if she knows that a loud noise will always attract a crowd . ”
Say what you will about Hirschberg ( she may well deserve scrutiny ) , but she has hit upon exactly what has recently been bothering us about M.I.A .
We get that she has something to say .
She ’s entitled to her message , and at a time when very little popular music is overtly political , her take is often refreshing .
The problem is , she never seems to reflect on herself .
Her public persona is a constant onslaught of slogans and pronouncements and lectures .
We would gladly forgive her for giving birth in a posh hospital room secured by her rich in - laws , rather than at home in a pool of water , if she would just , for a second , acknowledge that she does indeed have her failings .
But , like many radicals ( and pseudo - radicals ; you decide which category to put her into ) , she ca n’t extend her critiques of the world to herself .
She ca n’t see the humor in the extent to which she ’s flipped out about a snarky Times profile when the major world problems she wants us to care about just keep escalating .
Here ’s the thing :
We do n’t want to hate you , Maya .
And we do n’t expect you to be perfect .
We just want you to be human .
Prognosen und Vorhersagen helfen uns dabei , eventuelle Gefahren zu erkennen und die Risiken zu minimieren .
Unsere Klienten profitieren davon , dass wir ihre Geschäftsmodelle auf solche Risiken hin " abklopfen " und sich somit flexibel auf eventuelle Herausforderungen einzustellen .
In den Krisensituationen gelingt es ihnen , durch dieses Wissen , sogar enorm zu profitieren .
Seit 2006 machen wir immer wieder sowohl interne Vorhersagen , wie auch öffentliche Vorhersagen , zu Trends , die wir erkennen .
Wir liegendabei mit ca. 75 % richtig .
Auf einige unserer Punktlandungen sind wir besonders stolz :
One thing that is full of confusion is figuring out relationships .
It can also be full of surprises , like the fact that Wolfram| Alpha can do it for you .
If you follow this blog , you already know that Wolfram| Alpha can figure out and calculate lots of different things , including the moon and planets , and you are about to discover what it can tell you about your relationships .
Or at least relationships between your relatives .
For instance , my cousin just had a son ” .
We get a family tree , and it tells us that my relationship to my cousin ’s son is that he is my first cousin once removed .
Confusion resolved .
Like many other Wolfram| Alpha outputs , we get more than we may have expected .
A few genealogical properties are related to historical laws , and a few are biological .
The plots for sharing a Mendelian trait are given at the bottom after clicking More .
This helps me understand how much I may have in common with my new first cousin once removed .
A dominant trait only requires one allele , while a recessive trait requires two .
The other piece of information needed to say how likely it is to share a trait is how common it is in the general population .
It is possible to share a trait accidentally , and for recessive traits one needs to get the other allele from the other parent .
For my cousin ’s son , not surprisingly , we see that the probability of sharing a genetic trait in common does n’t seem to depend much on whether it is dominant or recessive .
We are too distantly related to have much in common , and the probability of a shared trait between us depends primarily on the chance coming from the frequency in the general population .
It turns out that most traits are not simple like this , and involve more than one gene and so on , but this gives a general sense of how much we may have in common .
You probably know people who get confused about second cousins and so on , but there is also another category for relationship confusion .
Wolfram Alpha can compute the possible relationships given any sequence of relationships , not just the ones that people might use in real life .
For instance , consider “ my cousin ’s cousin ’s niece ’s grandfather ” :
The first pod shows the family tree based on what we just entered .
It assumes that none of the people we mentioned are the same .
Only the first few on the family tree are related in a traditional sense .
The next pod shows possible simplifications .
I would never have figured this out myself , but if my cousin ’s cousin was myself and the grandfather referred to was on the same side of my niece ’s family as myself then her grandfather would be my sibling ’s father , which would be my father .
We get the other possible relationships , and also the neat statistic on the number of relationships that do n’t have a traditional label like “ father ” such as the one pictured in the first pod .
Sometimes it ’s best to let another do the relationship thinking .
That ’s thinking best left to Wolfram| Alpha .
In a dramatic reversal of policy , senior Israeli ministers were last night expected to approve a proposal by prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu to ease the naval blockade on Gaza .
The move comes as activists on board the Irish - owned aid ship MV Rachel Corrie dismissed reports that the vessel was returning to dock and vowed to continue towards Gaza in defiance of the blockade .
They expect to arrive at the Israeli exclusion zone over the weekend .
Under Mr Netanyahu ’s proposal , international inspectors would examine boats destined for Gaza to ensure no weapons were on board .
The examination could take place either at Israel ’s southern port of Ashdod or at an Egyptian port .
The Israeli proposal follows fierce international criticism after nine passengers were killed on Monday when Israeli commandos stormed a Gaza - bound flotilla .
Israel hopes the initiative , drawn up after contacts with senior US officials and Quartet envoy Tony Blair , will deflect some of the international backlash .
Speaking to The Irish Times from the Rachel Corrie yesterday , former UN official Denis Halliday denied reports that the ship had turned back or that it might opt to accept an escort into the Israeli port of Ashdod .
He said the 15 passengers and crew on board the Cambodian - registered ship were “ more determined than ever ” to bring their cargo to Gaza .
Due to technical problems which delayed its departure , the 1200 - tonne Rachel Corrie was not with the six - ship flotilla which was attacked on Monday .
“ If we are not boarded beforehand , we hope to be in Gaza by Saturday , ” Mr Halliday said .
“ We can not accept an offer of an escort to another port which could jeopardise safe delivery of our cargo of construction and educational materials and medical supplies .
“ We fear that any such escort could mean that our 550 tonnes of cement on board and our educational material would be confiscated by the Israelis , given that they do not define this as humanitarian goods – in breach of the UN definition of same , ” he said .
Mr Halliday reiterated that those on board had only peaceful , humanitarian intentions .
“ We are very committed to getting to Gaza , and we know that it means an awful lot to the people there , ” he said .
“ It may seem a little naive , but we are a peaceful group of Irish and Malaysian people who will not put up any resistance if we are boarded .
We would hope , though , that the Israelis would show that perhaps they do actually care , and would allow open ports for ships like this carrying humanitarian relief for the people of Gaza . ”
Mr Halliday said the ship ’s captain planned to make a daylight approach to Gaza tomorrow .
The Department of Foreign Affairs last night stated that it was not its role to negotiate on behalf of those travelling on the Rachel Corrie , and it stressed that any ongoing contacts it may have with the Israeli authorities are to ensure that the “ clearly stated humanitarian intentions ” of those on board are respected .
“ The persons on the Rachel Corrie represent independent NGOs .
The department respects this and it is not our role to negotiate on their behalf , ” it said .
“ The Government continues to call for safe passage for the Rachel Corrie to Gaza .
The Government ’s top priority is the safety and welfare of the Irish citizens concerned and all those aboard the vessel ; to avoid any further bloodshed or violence ; and to see the safe delivery of humanitarian aid to the people of Gaza . ”
Minister for Foreign Affairs Micheál Martin held a meeting with Israel ’s ambassador to Ireland Zion Evrony yesterday .
They discussed the treatment of some Irish citizens caught up in Monday ’s raid .
Fiachra Ó Luain and Libyan - born Al Mahdi Alharati were treated in hospital after they were flown to Turkey from Israel .
Both Mr Ó Luain and another activist , Dr Fintan Lane , arrived back in Ireland today .
Other Irish passport holders transferred to Turkey , including Australia - based journalist Paul McGeough , are making their own travel arrangements .
All of $ 100 plus a donation to a charity from percentage of proceeds on donor 's behalf , 5 copies of the LP , 5 copies of the CD ( for friends ) , special t- shirt , poster
Less
Journalists covering the G20 summit in Toronto , Canada , last weekend have accused the local police of threatening them with rape , using male officers to strip - search young women , and even inappropriately touching an underage girl .
Four reporters have filed complaints with the province of Ontario ’s police oversight agency .
According to the Canwest News Service , those four include Jesse Rosenfeld , a freelancer for the UK ’s Guardian whose alleged beating at the hands of Toronto police was chronicled on Twitter , as well Amy Miller of the Alternative Media Center .
ADVERTISEMENT
Miller told a press conference earlier this week that she had her press pass ripped away from her and was “ throttled by the neck and held down ” while trying to record a confrontation between police and protesters .
She was detained for 13 hours in a cage in a converted film studio on the city ’s east side , along with about 25 other women .
“ I was told I was going to be raped , I was told I was going to be gang - banged , I was told that I was never going to want to act as a journalist again by making sure that I would be repeatedly raped while I was in jail , ” Miller said .
Miller described the police ’s alleged behavior as “ repulsive and completely inappropriate . ”
She also said she saw women being strip - searched by male officers , and that many of the women who emerged from detention were “ definitely traumatized . ”
Reporters also allege that “ one under - aged girl was improperly touched by a male officer while held at an Eastern Ave. detention center , ” the QMI news agency reports .
ADVERTISEMENT
In a rare criticism of Canada , Amnesty International called on the country ’s political leadership to hold a public inquiry into the policing of the G20 summit , which ran from June 26 to 27 and attracted between 10,000 and 25,000 protesters .
All told , more than 900 people were arrested during the summit — reportedly a record high for this kind of summit meeting .
Faced with growing criticism , political leaders and Toronto police chief Bill Blair have been fighting back against accusations that the police response to a gang of black - clad anarchists setting police cars on fire and breaking windows was excessive .
Chief Blair held a conference Tuesday where he described the vandals as “ terrorists ” and put on display a cache of weapons evidently seized from protesters at the summit .
But the public - relations triumph turned to embarrassment when it emerged that some of the weapons on display were not related to the G20 protests .
ADVERTISEMENT
The Toronto Sun reports that some of the weapons there , including arrows seized by police near the G20 site , were toys that belonged to a man who was on his way to a fantasy role - playing game when he was stopped by police , a day before the G20 summit .
The Canadian Civil Liberties Association said that police conduct during the meeting of the leaders of the world ’s top economies , was “ at times , disproportionate , arbitrary and excessive . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The response to pockets of criminal activity was also “ unprecedented , disproportionate and , at times , unconstitutional , ” the rights group said in a report .
The abuses “ exceeded the threshold of a few isolated incidents ” and “ they demand accountability , ” it said in calling for an inquiry into police conduct .
Toronto ’s mayor and police chief Blair said the city ’s Police Services Board , a civilian oversight panel , would review the squad ’s actions , which they also defended .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The fact that there were no serious injuries arising from all of the actions of the police over the course of the weekend is quite frankly extraordinary under the circumstances , ” said police chief Bill Blair .
Officers “ showed remarkable restraint in the face of enormous provocation , ” he added .
“ They did their jobs . ”
— With reporting from AFP
The following video was posted to YouTube by G20 Injustice on June 29 , 2010 .
The Supreme Court on Monday struck a heavy blow at Israel 's ultra-orthodox Jews when it ruled to abolish benefits for older yeshiva students .
Open gallery view Yeshiva students Credit : Nir Kafri
Married students at yeshivas , or Jewish seminaries , are entitled to support payments from the state to guarantee them a minimum income .
But similar grants for secular higher education students were abolished in 2000 .
On Monday the court upheld a petition brought in 2000 by Ornan Yekutieli , a campaigner for secular rights and a former deputy mayor of Jerusalem , accusing the government of discrimination in favor of religious students .
Yekutieli died in 2001 but his petition finally came before the court this week .
In her ruling , Supreme Court President Dorit Beinisch said : " There is no place for distinction between yeshiva students in any other institutions . "
Interior MInister Eli Yishai MK , a member of the religious
Shas party , condemned the ruling , vowing to use the Knesset redress any damage to religious students .
" The Knesset will fix this , " Yishai said .
" The High Court ruling is a hard strike against at the spiritual status quo of the nation of Israel . "
Moshe Gafni MK , a lawmaker for the United Torah Judaism party and chairman of the Knesset finance committee , also decried the judgment , saying the Supreme Court had a history of favoring secular causes .
" We are talking about some of the poorest families in Israeli society , " he said .
" There has never been a Supreme Court ruling that benefited the orthodox community .
We will have to assess the ruling and see what we can do to cope over the coming financial year . "
Nitzan Horowitz MK , of the left - wing Metertz party , hailed the verdict .
" This is an important step in assuring real equality for Israel 's citizens , " he said .
" We need to ensure the ruling is implemented quickly and to provide for those students who get no grants from the state and work to support themselves while paying tuition fees and serving in the army reserves . "
Justice Ayala Procaccia , who voted for the ruling , said the ruling characterized the dilemma between the obligation of a multi-cultural society to respect minorities and the duty of all citizens to accept their responsibilities according to the law of the land .
A third judge , Justice Edmond Levy , dissented .
" Torah study is a commandment and both the Knesset and the government have asserted that it should be funded by placing on the public the burden of providing an income for Torah students , " Levy wrote .
Kurt Nimmo
Infowars.com
June 21 , 2010
Sunni militant and prized CIA asset Abdolmalek Rigi went to the gallows on Sunday .
The Jundullah leader was hanged in Iran ’s Evin prison after being convicted by the Islamic Revolution Court of being a mohareb , or “ enemy of Allah . ”
Rigi ’s plane was forced to land by Iranian aircraft in February while on a flight from Dubai to Kyrgyzstan .
Other accounts said he had been arrested inside Iran or Pakistan .
“ We have clear documents proving that Rigi was in co-operation with American , Israeli and British intelligence services , ” Iran ’s intelligence minister , Heydar Moslehi , said after Rigi ’s capture .
Moslehi said Rigi had been in a U.S. military base 24 hours before his arrest and was carrying an Afghan passport supplied by the United States .
Abdolmalek Rigi after his capture by Iran in February .
“ After meeting with the U.S. officials in the U.S. embassy in Pakistan four years ago , they ( the U.S. officials ) promised to help us with everything we needed , ” Abdolhamid Rigi , the brother of Abdolmalek Rigi , told reporters in 2009 .
“ We received monetary and armed supports from the United States , ” he continued .
“ We received orders from them ” to carry out terrorist operations inside Iran .
Abdulhamid said that from 2005 onwards Malik had held several “ confidential ” meetings with FBI and CIA agents in Karachi and Islamabad .
In 2007 , a Sunday Telegraph report revealed that Jundullah was a CIA creation designed to achieve “ regime change in Iran ” through terrorist attacks .
An ABC report also indicted that officials in Washington had instructed Jundullah terrorists to “ stage deadly guerrilla raids inside the Islamic Republic , kidnap Iranian officials and execute them on camera ” all as part of a “ programmatic objective to overthrow the Iranian government . ”
“ The latest attacks inside Iran fall in line with US efforts to supply and train Iran ’s ethnic minorities to destabilize the Iranian regime , ” former high - ranking CIA official in Washington told the Sunday Telegraph following a series of bombings and an assassination campaign waged against Iranian soldiers and government officials .
In 2005 , Jundallah attacked Mahmoud Ahmadinejad ’s motorcade in Iran ’s Balochistan province , in which at least one of his bodyguards was killed and others injured .
The following year the terrorist group killed 21 civilians , including a 13 year old student , near Tasooki .
In 2007 , Jundallah attacked a bus and killed 18 members of the Islamic Revolutionary Guards Corps .
The CIA supported organization has also staged mass abductions of civilians and police .
In 2009 , they bombed a mosque in the southeastern Iranian city of Zahedan as mourners participated in a ceremony marking the death of the daughter of the prophet of Islam .
U.S. neocons enthusiastically support the CIA ’s effort to overthrow the Iranian regime .
In 2009 former House Speaker Newt Gingrich called on the Obama administration to “ sabotage ” Iran ’s oil and gas industry to trigger an economic crisis .
“ [ We ] should use covert operations to create a gasoline - led crisis to try and replace the regime , ” Gingrich told the UPI .
Democratic Representative and Chairman of the House Veterans ’ Affairs Committee , Bob Filner , called on the U.S. to support terrorist groups like Jundallah and the Mujahedin - e - Khalq Organization .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
{openx:49}
In February , D.C. based investigative journalist Wayne Madsen reported that Rigi was to meet with New World Order minion Richard Holbrooke , who is Obama ’s special envoy to Afghanistan and Pakistan .
Noted journalist Seymour Hersh reported in 2008 on the U.S. campaign to destabilize Iran .
Hersh detailed how the CIA and the United States Special Operations Forces have long - standing ties to the PEJAK , the outlawed breakaway faction of the PKK terrorist group in Iran , as well as other Sunni fundamentalists that former intelligence officials say “ can also be described as Al Qaeda , ” Steve and Paul Watson wrote on June 30 , 2008 .
The effort was initiated by the Bush administration with congressional support and backing .
“ Clandestine operations against Iran are not new .
United States Special Operations Forces have been conducting cross - border operations from southern Iraq , with Presidential authorization , since [ 2007 ] , ” Hersh wrote for The New Yorker .
“ These have included seizing members of Al Quds , the commando arm of the Iranian Revolutionary Guard , and taking them to Iraq for interrogation . ”
Hersh reported that the “ scale and the scope of the operations in Iran , which involve the Central Intelligence Agency and the Joint Special Operations Command ( JSOC ) , have now been significantly expanded , according to the current and former officials . ”
On Saturday it was reported that the U.S. and Israel have sent an armada of warships to Iran via the Suez Canal and the Red Sea .
This significant escalation of hostile behavior by the U.S. and Israel was almost completely ignored by the corporate media in the United States .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
YouTube Developer Blog Gives Flash the Nod Over HTML5
Google 's YouTube division voiced strong support for Flash this week in a blog post aimed at Web developers , arguing that the emerging HTML5 standard is n't yet ready to fully replace Adobe 's Flash platform .
" We 've been excited about the HTML5 effort and < video > tag for quite a while now , and most YouTube videos can now be played via our HTML5 player , " Google ( NASDAQ : GOOG ) software engineer John Harding said in a post at the company 's YouTube blog for developers .
" This work has shown us that , while the < video > tag is a big step forward for open standards , the Adobe Flash Platform will continue to play a critical role in video distribution . "
While HTML5 's < video > tag points the browser to a video file , Harding said Flash offers the precision YouTube requires for displaying video effectively .
Harding gave several other examples of why YouTube still favors Flash over HTML5 for now .
He said Flash Player 's ability to combine application code and resources into a secure , efficient package has been key to getting YouTube videos embedded in other Web sites .
" While HTML5 adds sandboxing and message - passing functionality , Flash is the only mechanism most Web sites allow for embedded content from other sites , " he said .
Another area Harding said favors
Flash is full - screen HD video .
" Flash Player provides robust , secure controls for enabling hardware - accelerated , full - screen displays , " he said .
" While most browsers have a full - screen mode , they do not allow JavaScript to initiate it , nor do they allow a small part of the page ( such as a video player ) to fill the screen ...
While WebKit has recently taken some steps forward on full - screen support , it 's not yet sufficient for video usage ( particularly the ability to continue displaying content on top of the video ) . "
There is also the issue of video content creation .
The simplest and most common YouTube videos are recorded directly from within a user 's browser using a Webcam , a process Harding said would n't be possible with Flash .
" Camera access is also needed for features like video chat and live broadcasting -- extremely important on mobile phones , which practically all have a built - in camera , " he said .
" Flash Player has provided rich camera and microphone access for several years now , while HTML5 is just getting started . "
Harding 's post continues Google 's public stance to distance itself from Apple 's hard - line dismissal of Adobe 's Flash .
While Flash is widely used across the Web to play video and multimedia content , Apple has banned it from the iPhone and iPad because of what the company said is subpar performance and security concerns .
Instead , Apple is backing HTML5 , which others -- like Google -- argue is n't ready to fully replace Flash .
Google does concur with Apple 's view that HTML5 has a bright future , however , and has released its own HTML5 player for YouTube earlier this year .
The Next Wave of Mobile Devices
Creative Strategies analyst Ben Bajarin said content publishers care less about the Flash - versus - HTML5 debate and more about how to get their content distributed as widely and efficiently as possible .
He noted that Flash has been dominant on the PC because it provided a better distribution mechanism than earlier alternatives that required plugins and were generally more complicated to use .
" Now we 're moving from the PC to mobile platforms , and for Flash to be successful , it has to be on these new platforms or publishers will go elsewhere , " Bajarin told InternetNews.com .
" There is a chance Adobe wo n't be quick enough to address all these key platforms that are emerging because it's an expensive and time - consuming process that requires a lot of engineering work . "
In addition to the device manufacturers and system software providers , Bajarin said Adobe has to be sure it has the support , at a deep technical level , of silicon providers like ARM , Qualcomm and Nvidia , who are powering a new generation of devices .
With the exception of Apple , Adobe 's new Flash Player 10.1 for mobile devices garnered statements of support from major hardware companies and media Web sites earlier this month .
David Needle is the West Coast bureau chief at InternetNews.com , the news service of Internet.com , the network for technology professionals .
Where there ’s smoke , there ’s fire , say victorious supporters of Florida House Bill 187 , the so - called “ Bong Bill . ”
Their theory : fewer available smoking implements mean less firing up .
The new law , which passed the state Senate ( SB 366 ) and House in April during the 2010 Legislative Session , went into effect July 1 and bans the sale of most “ smoking devices ” by businesses that do n’t derive at least 75 percent of their income from tobacco sales , or make more than 25 percent from selling the prohibited items .
Violators could be sentenced to a year in jail .
The second time was the charm for main bill sponsor Rep. Darryl Rouson , D - St. Petersburg , who also brought up the proposal in the House last year .
Rouson said he championed the bill , which will also raise the tax on pipes and other paraphernalia , as a means of curbing drug use .
“ If these items are to be available to the citizens of Florida , then we should charge a surtax on these consumers who are obviously using the pipes to do drugs , ” Rouson said in a press release .
The 25 % sales tax , he claims , will reduce drug paraphernalia by making them more expensive .
The revenue can be used for drug treatment programs , reducing substance abuse ; and that , in turn , will make for fewer drug offenses in the court system and inmates in the jails , reducing the cost to taxpayers of prosecuting and incarcerating drug offenders , Rouson says .
The proposal stirred the ire of liberals and libertarians alike , spawning an opposition website , http://killbill187.com, a Facebook page and a petition that began , “ Have You Ever Seen a Community Destroyed by a Water Pipe ? ” that garnered only about 4,000 signatures — on the tepid side in a state of more than 18 million .
Even an outraged Pipe Smokers Intelligencer weighed in , proclaiming Rouson ’s reasoning “ malarkey ” and urging Floridians not to “ be fooled by this foolish proposal , ” obviously to no avail .
Rouson , who was addicted to crack cocaine in the ‘ 80s , has since made the battle against drug abuse his personal mission – perhaps a bit too personal .
HB 187 is n’t his first confrontation with purveyors of paraphernalia :
In April 2005 , he was found guilty of misdemeanor trespassing for refusing to leave Purple Haze , a St. Petersburg tobacco shop .
In the 2004 incident , Rouson entered the shop and declared the paraphernalia was used for taking drugs ; the shop manager said anyone who talked about illegal drugs was asked to leave , and Rouson refused to do so .
Rouson claimed he tried to leave , but was prevented by two pit bulls .
Said Brian Hamacher on NBCMiami.com of the new law : “ Rouson , a former drug user himself , should know that pot smokers are nothing if not an inventive group , and will no doubt find other ways to get high . ”
An editorial in The Independent Florida Alligator concurs the bill wo n’t stop drug abusers , suggesting a tongue - in - cheek ban of otherwise innocuous household items that could potentially be used in drug - taking “ in order to better facilitate a drug - free Florida . ”
As a criminal defense attorney who has handled various cannabis possession ( and sale ) charges I have a hard time believing that this will new Florida law will actually reduce the number of individuals facing marijuana possession charges in our courts .
Since other laws against drug possession have been largely ineffective , the skepticism is understandable .
To read the text of the bill , click here .
If you 're like me , it seems like every time you log into Facebook , you see another message or two from friends deleting their accounts .
Then you check Twitter , and there 's yet another rallying cry for open standards in social networking .
Wait .
I just got déjà vu .
Wired ( among many others ) has been making that call for years .
Years .
But like so many noble causes , it took a sufficiently motivating , negative catalyst to spread the messsage .
In this case , the catalyst is Facebook 's ever - shrinking concept of privacy .
The EFF outlined the erosion of Facebook 's privacy policy .
The New York Times has mapped the maddening spaghetti that is privacy options on Facebook .
And well - known people like Jason Calcanis started deleting their accounts .
So far it 's not a massive exodus , but it 's growing .
But then , maybe rather than today 's exodus , we should be talking about tomorrow 's diaspora .
Diaspora with a capital D , to be more specific .
Or as the project describes itself , " the privacy aware , personally controlled , do - it - all , distributed , free , social network . "
Open source social networking .
That 's the goal .
Diaspora functions differently from the bottom .
It runs more like a peer - to - peer network .
That is , if you 're inclined to set up your system to act as one of the seeds .
They also plan to have a paid service for those who are not so inclined .
Then you 'll be able to aggregate everything from your status updates and photos to your RSS feeds .
The students building Diaspora have a skeleton version running and intend to release a fuller version in September .
What a social network really needs , of course , is users .
You could be the only one reading your favorite blog , and that 's OK .
If you 're the only one on Diaspora , it 's going to be lonely .
In their favor , Diaspora answers the privacy outrage Facebook is facing .
You 're not posting anything to a third party -- you 're telling your friends directly .
And they 're including PGP encryption to boot .
The challenge it faces is similar to that of Identi.ca .
Even though Identi.ca offers features that Twitter does not , Twitter is still far ahead in both awareness and users .
Identi.ca attracts those for whom open standards trump all else , and not many more .
To use ourselves as an example , even with an base of people who are clearly interested in the open source way , the opensource.com identi.ca account has consistently had roughly 10 % of the followers that our Twitter account has .
And those two services are functionally pretty similar .
With potentially higher technical hurdles than Facebook , it will be interesting to see whether Diaspora can gain a significant user base .
Facebook 's best defense is to turn itself around and answer the hue and cry .
The first step will be today 's crisis meeting on the subject .
But after years of asking for forgiveness rather than permission , it may be too late .
And maybe that 's a good thing if it 's the catalyst we need for open social networking , whether it 's through Diaspora , or a new idea we have n't heard about yet .
Have you or do you think you might delete your Facebook account ?
Would you use Diaspora ?
More importantly -- do you think all of your Facebook friends would use Diaspora ?
Hello and welcome to EasyBCD 2.0 !
It ’s rather hard to believe , but EasyBCD 1.7.2 has been out for over 2 years now , and we ’ve been working on Version 2.0 ever since .
In that time , a lot has happened .
Windows 7 has shipped , ext4fs is the new cool kid on the Linux block , GRUB2 is finally seeing some adoption , VHDs are the new wow , and everyone and their grandmother want a dual - boot between Windows 7 and Windows XP .
Worry not , we have n’t been sitting on our ( not - so - proverbial ) behinds this whole time .
In fact , the entire NeoSmart team – developers , supporters , testers , and all – have been working around the clock to make EasyBCD 2.0 the biggest , coolest , greatest , and awesomest thing ever since the invention of the MBR .
And now , over a 150 beta builds later and 2 years in the making , we ’re super - pleased to introduce you to EasyBCD 2.0 .
It ’s so incredibly overhauled and improved , so stuffed - to - the - brim with features , so much of a true one - click dual - boot experince , so customizable , so powerful , and so EASY that it took a lot of self - restraint to keep from calling it EasyBCD 10.0 !
What ’s new , you ask ?
We ’ll get to it .
But let ’s just first give you the download link , because we know you just ca n’t wait to get your grubby , geeky paws on it ASAP :
Download EasyBCD 2.0.1 ( 1337 KiB )
( Yes , it really is 1337 kibibytes in size .
And , no , we did n’t do it on purpose .
We ’re just übercool that way ! )
So , what ’s new ?
Lots .
Lots , lots , and lots of new .
And lots and lots of improved .
With less and less and less bugs , too .
The official changelog is miles long , but here ’s the stuff that we feel really shines .
It ’s so hard to sort them in a way that does n’t leave one feature in the shadow of the other , but here goes :
Complete Windows 7 support ( including the pretty - boot screen ! )
Total redesign of the user interface to make the stuff you use more often easier to get to and easier to understand
Automatic configuration and one - click setup of Windows XP dual - boots .
No more mucking around w/ boot.ini and NTDETECT + NTLDR
Support for multiple top - level Windows XP entries .
You no longer need to go through a second NTLDR menu no matter how many XPs you have installed !
Support for GRUB2 and ext4fs ( we ’re looking at you , Ubuntu * glare * )
Boot from ISO images and Virtual Harddisk ( vhd ) files !
Create bootable USB drives !
Change the boot drive on your system ( including all the partition management stuff ) with one click !
Rewritten OS X support ( yes , again * sigh * )
EasyBCD BIOS
Extender to let you boot from network devices , specific hard disks , USBs , and more even if your BIOS does n’t support it ( thanks to PLoP integration )
Support for multiple top - level GRLDR entries ( in the same vein as XP entries above )
Improved boot device detection , EasyBCD always runs , even if your boot device is inaccessible or the BCD is n’t installed !
Loading indicator for lengthy operations
Better support for loading and managing external BCD stores
Complete EasyBCD portability .
Just tell the installer where to stick it , and you ’re set !
Improved high DPI support
Ability to create safe - mode entries
Improved MBR repair , BCD repair , and more !
It ’s been a real blast working on EasyBCD 2.0 , and we ’re really excited to have something we can finally share with the general public .
Before we leave you and EasyBCD 2 alone together , some final words need to be said : EasyBCD 2.0 would not have been possible without the help of the entire NeoSmart team , testers , and of course , donors .
A big shout - out to Terry ( Terry60 ) , Justin ( Kairozamorro ) , Jake ( Coolname007 ) , Alex ( Mak 2.0 ) , and everyone else that helped in providing support over the past 2 years .
Crazy props to the Grub4Dos team and the PLoP developers .
And some links to keep you busy :
EasyBCD user manual ( it ’s severely out - of - date , we ’re updating it for 2.0 now )
EasyBCD 2.0 screenshots
Support forums
Follow us ?
Keep in touch via twitter @neosmart or facebook for constant info and updates !
A Token of Appreciation ?
Have we saved you a lot of time , effort , problems , and loss of limb , life , or worse ?
How much have you saved in support and repair costs ?
Do you want to say thank you ?
You can make a donation here :
[ donation ]
It ’s no secret that we are strong proponents of self - pleasuring around these parts , but who knew it could kill ?
.
Sounds crazy but apparently an English nanny , 30 - year - old Nicola Paginton , was found dead in her flat with a sex toy inside her , porn sprinkled around her and her cat on her chest .
Yikes .
Though she was found dead last October , the coroner has just announced that she passed of “ hearty arrhythmia , likely brought on by her state of arousal .
The cause of death was also confirmed by Gloucestershire coroner Alan Crickmore who told The Mail that it was likely that ‘ her activity before death ’ contributed to the fatal arrhythmia . ”
Damn son .
Related
Last 5 posts by Hillary aka Steely D
Ayotte has drawn some criticism from gun owners because of her opposition to a state bill that would have dramatically expanded the “ castle doctrine ’’ to allow people to protect themselves with guns in public places .
Ayotte said law enforcement officials — whose support she enjoys in the primary — believed the measure threatened public safety .
She said , however , “ I am a very strong Second Amendment supporter . ’’
All four of the major Republican contenders vying to face Hodes in November are vocal gun rights supporters , keeping with the GOP platform .
In interviews , former state attorney general Kelly Ayotte , attorney Ovide Lamontagne , and businessmen Bill Binnie and Jim Bender all ardently affirmed their commitments to gun rights and said Granite State residents would n’t have it any other way .
“ I represent people in a state that has a very long and proud tradition of responsible gun ownership .
I also believe the Constitution means what it says — it ’s important to protect fundamental and individual liberties , whether it ’s the right of a gun owner or the right of a woman to choose , ’’ said New Hampshire ’s Hodes , a gun owner who is trying to seize one of the few GOP seats up for grabs this fall , that of retiring Senator Judd Gregg .
The Obama administration , much to the disappointment of gun control advocates , has made no moves toward proposing restrictions on firearms .
President Obama signed a law that included allowing people to bring guns onto national parks .
Despite Obama ’s behavior and the court victories , voters in critical electoral battlegrounds remained worried about their Second Amendment rights , and candidates scrambled to reassure them .
“ I think there ’s been a change in the country as a whole , ’’ said Jon Delano , an independent political analyst associated with Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh .
“ Unless you ’re from an urban area , where gun violence is so intense that there ’s a feeling you need to control these weapons , the vast majority across the country do not support gun control . ’’
And in Kentucky , Democratic Senate candidate Jack Conway has not only heralded gun rights but also signed friend - of - the court briefs supporting gun owners before two landmark Supreme Court rulings backing their rights in District of Columbia and Chicago cases .
Indiana ’s Democratic Senate candidate Brad Ellsworth , who has an “ A ’’ rating from the NRA , may get the group ’s endorsement this fall over GOP candidate Dan Coats , whom the NRA criticized in mailings to Hoosiers as being weak on gun rights .
Senate majority leader Harry Reid , in a bruising campaign for reelection in Nevada , has conservative activists buzzing because the NRA is considering endorsing his reelection .
In New Hampshire , Representative Paul Hodes , a Democratic Senate candidate , has an “ A minus ’’ NRA rating , potentially insulating him from progun rights attacks in a state that ’s big on hunting and personal liberties .
MANCHESTER , N.H. —
Democratic candidates in key states are embracing gun owners ’ rights , winning favor from the National Rifle Association , a lobby that has long been the target of disdain from the party faithful .
“ It speaks to liberty , ’’ Binnie said , affirming his progun stance .
Lamontagne said “ the Second Amendment is a tenet of my candidacy ’’ and expressed skepticism that Hodes would attract progun voters .
While Republicans still tend to capture more endorsements and campaign contributions from the NRA , Democrats have made inroads .
In 2002 , Democrats took just 11 percent of the contributions the NRA made to candidates in federal campaigns ; this election cycle , they ’ve received 28 percent , according to the nonpartisan Center for Responsive Politics .
Conservatives across the country see gun ownership as a concrete example of the balance of power between government and the individual , activists say .
Unhappy with what they call a “ government takeover ’ ’ of health care and big businesses , gun owners see the Second Amendment as the final frontier of individual freedom , they say .
“ I ’ve never seen the degree of genuine concern , and in some cases , anger , either rational or irrational , toward government , ’’ said Ralph Demicco , the owner of Riley ’s gun store in Hooksett , N.H. “ People feel left out of the equation .
They feel isolated . ’’
The Sept. 11 attacks and the Hurricane Katrina disaster made gun owners more nervous about the ability of law enforcement agencies to protect them , Demicco said .
The recession has upped that anxiety , he said , since budget cuts have forced municipalities to lay off police officers .
Obama has largely avoided the volatile gun issue since his campaign - era controversy , when , during a private fund - raiser , he said some voters “ cling to guns or religion or antipathy to people who are n’t like them or anti-immigrant sentiment or antitrade sentiment as a way to explain their frustrations . ’’
Obama supports reauthorizing the ban on assault weapons , but has not made a push to do so , with the White House arguing the best short - term solution is to enforce the laws on the books .
Peter Helmke , the president of the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence , said he is very frustrated with the behavior of many Democrats for either toeing the NRA line or remaining silent .
“ Part of it goes back to this myth that the Democrats lost Congress in ’ 94 because of guns , ’’ said Helmke , a former GOP mayor and onetime Republican nominee for the Senate in Indiana .
“ It was maybe a few races .
If it was an issue , how did Bill Clinton get reelected in ’ 96 ? ’’
Helmke said of the president who signed the assault weapons ban .
But Democrats got scared , he said , and have increasingly sought to mollify gun owners .
Andrew Arulanandam , the NRA spokesman , said the Democrats were merely reflecting what he called “ mainstream America .
I think what you ’re seeing is a realization that it ’s bad politics to be on the wrong side of the gun issue , ’’ Arulanandam said .
The Democratic Party in recent years has eased its rhetoric on gun control , and the party picked up House seats in Western and rural areas in part because it recruited progun candidates more suited to their constituencies .
This year ’s Democratic campaigns follow the same model , said Eric Schultz , spokesman for the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee .
Republicans say they will not be outflanked by Democrats — especially in New Hampshire , where gun owners are gearing up later this month for a machine - gun summer shoot , sponsored by the Pemi-Baker Valley Republican Committee .
“ Conservatives are n’t going to accept any position Paul Hodes takes on the Second Amendment , given his support for so many other liberal policies , ’’ said Ryan Williams , spokesman for the New Hampshire Republican Party .
Susan Milligan can be reached at milligan@globe.com .
© Copyright 2010 Globe Newspaper Company .
Using a social network is like having lunch once a month with an old friend .
It 's not exciting , exactly , but it 's pleasantly predictable .
You know what to expect .
Then one day she shows up with a nose job .
At first the difference is jarring , but after a while you forget what she used to look like and you mentally delete the old nose from your memories and substitute the new one .
So it goes with social networks .
You get used to how you share information , what your friends ' profiles look like , where to find those pictures and videos , etc .
Then , seemingly overnight , the network changes how it displays status updates , or the buttons you click to indicate your likes and dislikes , or how it shares your personal information with the world .
It 's jarring , but most of the time you adapt to it , as if it 's always been this way .
Then there 's Facebook , the Michael Jackson of social networks .
It 's never satisfied .
A nip here , a tuck there , some skin whitener , a glove , a monkey - there 's always something different .
And it 's not always an improvement .
Facebook 's latest augmentation - its " instant personalization " features that generously share your information with third - party Web sites without asking for permission , it 's " Like " button that butters your consumer preferences across the Web - was like a really bad nose job .
Think Jennifer Grey or Heidi Montag .
That bad .
So now it 's gone back to the surgeon for some emergency repairs .
Yesterday , after a month 's worth of drama , Zuckerberg et al announced Facebook 's new " simplified " approach to privacy .
And basically said , " Can you please get off our backs now ? "
I 'm sitting here trying to figure out what Facebook has really changed about its privacy controls .
I can't actually try them out , since the changes have n't rolled out yet .
( Once they do , I wo n't have anything to compare the new system against - it 's not like your friend brings her old nose with her to lunch . )
Do the controls seem simpler ?
Yes .
Are they the uber - easy one - click solution some folks have suggested ?
Definitely not .
Do they represent a major shift in how Facebook approaches your personal information ?
Not really .
From reading the descriptions , it seems the changes are mainly cosmetic .
[ Insert rimshot here . ]
A lot of them are n't changes at all , though you would n't know it from Zuckerberg 's blog post yesterday or Facebook 's new privacy information page .
We have a new puppy in the house , and while this is a wonderful thing Continue Reading →
Editors Note :
This article began with details of one specific app developer hacking iTunes users accounts and purchasing their own apps using those accounts – making it to the top of the iTunes charts .
As the story has developed it appears to be far more widespread than just that one particular developer and his apps … the Apple App store is filled with App Farms being used to steal .
We ’ve put together a complete list of all the facts and updates to this story here which we high recommend you read instead of this article .
Apple has also now released a statement about the matter .
Two iPhone App developers have spotted what appears to be a hacking of the App store rankings by a rogue developer .
The rankings in the books category of the US iTunes store features 40 out of 50 apps by the same app developer , Thuat Nguyen .
What ’s more concerning is that it seems individuals iTunes accounts have been hacked to make mass purchases of that one developer ’s apps .
( Update : this does not appear to just be one specific developer nor one particular set of apps any more .
Details at the foot of this post . )
One look at a screenshot of some twitter search results above or this MacRumors thread should ring alarm bells – there is a problem .
What ’s more concerning is that these are only the people reporting it on twitter and forums , plenty would not have .
A screenshot of the books category on iTunes below should illustrate the extent of the problem .
How has a developer managed to hack enough iTunes accounts to buy the number of apps required for each to dominate the paid books category on iTunes ?
Some users who have had their accounts hacked have left comments on the apps they have supposedly bought complaining that up to $ 200 has been spent on apps they ’d never personally bought themselves .
( update : we ’ve now heard reports of $ 600 + spent on some users accounts , more details at the foot of this post )
There are other comments clearly from the app developer himself , giving positive reviews in an attempt to draw attention away from the other comments .
Both the support and company links for the company in iTunes take you to a Home.com URL with nothing but a holding page .
Also Google Search results for Thuat Nguyen do not provide any concrete details as to who the individual or company is .
Clearly when one developer completely dominates the ranking in a particular category , other app developers suffer but when it happens by means of hacking end users accounts – it ’s a serious concern that leaves everyone involved suffering .
Developers do n’t get the recognition they deserve , users are being robbed and left with a poor user experience , while Apple is left with a tarnished brand and left with a lot of explaining to do .
Why does Apple not have mechanisms in place to detect when previously unpopular apps from the same developer flood the top rankings ?
When some apps are left waiting weeks for approval only to be rejected by Apple for minor objections , how does a company with no website , no description and apps that are literally swarming iTunes escape punishment ?
More importantly , how has someone managed to hack users ’ accounts and left many , we can only assume , unaware they ’ve been robbed ?
What you should do now .
For now , we can only recommend you check your recent purchases , remove your debit card being stored on iTunes and change your password immediately .
When we have more recommendations you can be sure you ’ll hear from us .
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
Update 1 :
We ’re interviewing a number of people who have had their accounts hacked and used to buy apps .
Worryingly they are n’t just apps from this developer .
Update 2 :
Reader Jamie Vickery , a UK based iTunes user discovered a number of apps had been bought using his account .
This does not appear to be a US specific issue any more .
“ I ’ve just noticed my iTunes account has been hacked in the past week .
Someone has downloaded 8 apps and two songs totalling £ 61.70 .
The most expensive being an app called All Match by CharismaIST for £ 54.99 !
The other apps seem to be based on photographer like Camera One , Night Shot , Camera Flash Ultra .
Surely Apple wo n’t pay out to these developers .
I have changed my password and put in an email complaint to iTunes so we ’ll see how it goes . ”
Update 3 :
More reports .
Users in the MacRumors forum claiming their accounts have been hacked and used to purchase apps .
Two examples :
“ Yesterday my credit union contacted me saying there was suspicious activity on my debit card .
Sure enough over 10 transactions in the $ 40 - $ 50 area all on iTunes equaling to $ 558 ”
“ I also received a receipt via email on my “ Purchases ” on 7/2/10 .
I made the mistake of storing my debit card on the itunesstore app .
I have run into the exact same responses that other users are reporting–only email as a method of contact .
That response was to tell me how to change passwords , etc. – stock answers and to also tell me of no refunds .
I was an internet technician for years so the iTunes advise was second nature for me but with little hope for “ fixing ” the issue since I believe that the breach was on the iTunes server .
Thankfully , I carry a smartphone with my email setup on it , so I received the invoice quickly .
Most of the 15 purchases where for items that I do n’t even own i.e. iphone ( I have a blackberry ) and ipod ( I ’m 47 and I still use a radio for my music ) .
I was able to verify the $ 70.15 charge via mobile banking and immediately called my bank .
The transaction was in the processing stage and I think my bank was able to refuse it –I ’ll see after the holiday weekend .
With my card canceled , the additional $ 20 + charge was unable to be authorized .
I noticed reading the comments that someone was starting a class action suit , there are enough victims to be able to makeiTunes responsible for this .
I will not take this laying down –I ’ve filed a police report and filed a complaint with the Better Business Bureau and if I can afford it –I want to be included in the class action suit if it was started .
I am currently trying to figure out how to get the news media notified of this scam . “
Update 4 :
A succinct list of facts and updates to this story can be found here .
Update 5 :
Thuat Nguyen ’s book apps have all been removed from the iTunes store but there are many others .
More details and further updates can be found here .
Update 6 :
Apple has now released a statement about the matter .
Read next : YouTube Hacked , Justin Bieber Videos Targeted .
Image caption Pictures of Benito Mussolini and Adolf Hitler will be accessible
Millions of documents stored at the World War II code - breaking centre , Bletchley Park , are set to be digitised and made available online .
Electronics company Hewlett - Packard has donated a number of scanners to the centre in Milton Keynes so volunteers can begin the ground - breaking task .
Many of the records at the once - secret centre have not been touched for years .
During the war , it was home to more than 10,000 men and women who decoded encrypted German messages .
The centre hopes that once the work starts , previously untold stories about the role Bletchley Park played in the war , will be revealed .
' Trail '
The first phase of the project is expected to take at least three years .
Simon Greenish , chief executive officer of the Bletchley Park Trust , said the plan was for the centre 's entire archive to be digitised .
He said : " We 've been wanting to do this for a while .
It was first discussed five years ago , but we have just never had the funds .
" If I ever manage to secure £ 10,000 then that goes towards buying a new roof as this project just has not had the attention it deserves .
" But for the first time we hope we will be able to put everything into the public domain . "
He said since the archive is so big nobody knows exactly what each individual document stored there contains .
Image caption
An intercepted coded radio message form dated 3 August 1944 .
Bletchley Park 's secret archive
However , the information they expect to dig out will definitely include communication transcripts , communiques , memoranda , photographs , maps and other material relating to key events that took place during the war .
He said : " We have many boxes full of index cards , which have lots of different messages on them .
But this will be our chance to follow a trail and put the messages together so we can find out what they really mean .
" We found a card talking about 4,400 tonnes of mercury being transferred from Spain - we will be searching for further messages explaining what happened and why this was done . "
He said the archive had tremendous potential and once it was online , people would find it easier to trace documents related to certain subjects within minutes - something that takes days to do now .
Pictures set to go online in the archive include ones of Adolf Hitler shortly after surviving an attempt to assassinate him .
They had been taken by his official photographer Heinrich Hoffmann .
It is quite clear there was a lot of correspondence going on between these countries Simon Greenish , Bletchley Park Trust
" I 'm looking forward to finding the cards relating to rubber and ball bearings and how the Germans gathered these materials .
" The Germans developed synthetic rubber as they found it hard to get natural rubber .
They also needed lots of ball bearings for the war effort , which is why the allied forces attacked a lot of ball bearing factories . "
He said there were records in the archive which showed countries such as Spain , Switzerland and Sweden were perhaps not as neutral as they were portrayed .
" It is quite clear there was a lot of correspondence going on between these countries , " he said .
He said the volunteers had already unearthed records showing countries including Spain dealing in diamonds with the Japanese and other German allies .
He said more information about the double agent Garbo - a Spaniard whose real name was Juan Pujol Garcia - was likely to come out once the work on the archive began .
Garbo , who has been described as World War II 's " greatest double agent " , persuaded the Nazis that the allied forces were planning their D - Day operation in Calais rather than Normandy .
He said he was also expecting more information about the fuel the Germans were discovered to be sending to Peenemuende , a small village close to the Baltic Sea .
Image caption
The hard copies of the documents are stored in a massive room
He said : " We did n't know anything about it initially , but then because of the message that Bletchley Park decoded , the allies sent a reconnaissance aircraft and they found out that rockets - weapons of terror - were being developed there .
The RAF then attacked the site . "
He said the documents were all important as just one obscure message could have led to thousands of lives being saved .
Laura Seymour , from Hewlett - Packard , said her company contacted Bletchley Park in September 2009 after learning of its plight .
The company donated a number of scanners and people to provide technical expertise to the charity .
Ms Seymour estimated the cost to HP was in the tens of thousands but said it was a project that was worth being involved in .
Mr Greenish believed the archive would be an important research tool and could even attract more people to the site .
It would also ensure the preservation of the fragile hard copies .
Currently most of the documents are too difficult to view or handle and few have access to them .
But Bletchley Park hopes that its new archive will one day be a different type of gateway to the past .
Nevada takes dubious jobless title from Michigan
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Nevada 's jobless rate hit a record high last month and and is now the highest in the nation , the first time in four years that Michigan does n't hold that distinction , according to a government report released Friday .
The Silver State 's unemployment rate climbed to 14 % in May , the highest in the state since 1976 when the Labor Department began collecting the data .
It was up from 13.7 % in April .
Meanwhile , joblessness slipped to 13.6 % from 14 % the previous month in Michigan , which has been ravaged by the struggles of the auto industry .
The state has been the leader in unemployment rate since April 2006 .
During the last year , Nevada has lost a net total of more than 29,000 jobs , and posts the highest percentage increase in unemployment at 2.5 % .
" So much of Nevada 's economy is tied to the gaming industry and housing sector , which continue to weigh on Nevada 's labor market across the board , " said Mark Vitner , senior economist at Wells Fargo .
" Consumer spending on travel and leisure is still in a pullback , and while the housing market is no longer in a free fall , there are still a lot of vacant homes in Nevada . "
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D - Nev. , also said in a statement that mounting unemployment in the state is a sign that Nevada continues to suffer from extreme economic conditions .
" This increase in our unemployment rate only emphasizes the need to diversify our state 's economy and create jobs , " said Reid , who is in a difficult fight for re-election .
Though it 's still the second highest in the nation , Michigan 's unemployment rate has improved after peaking at 14.5 % in December .
" Auto sales and production are up , and that has helped generate a little improvement in Michigan , " said Vitner , highlighting that the state added 4,500 manufacturing jobs in May , likely due to hiring at auto plants .
Meanwhile , a majority of U.S. states welcomed lower unemployment rates last month , the report said .
A total of 37 states and the nation 's capital posted declines in jobless rates in May on a monthly basis .
Unemployment increased in six states and seven states reported no changes .
On an annual basis , the job market is still sluggish .
Joblessness climbed in 31 states and in Washington , D.C. , from a year earlier , and only eased in 17 states .
Cape Canaveral , Florida ( CNN ) --
Friday 's test launch of the Falcon 9 rocket was " essentially a bullseye , " SpaceX officials said after the rocket successfully pushed past the earth 's atmosphere and deposited a mock - up of its Dragon space capsule in orbit .
The successful launch is the latest step toward commercial space ventures that could eventually ferry astronauts and cargo to the international space station .
SpaceX CEO
Elon Musk , co-founder of PayPal , sent out the technical details of the successful launch , which he said performed its mission to deposit the Dragon mock - up into a 155 - mile ( 250 - km ) orbit to near perfection .
" Nominal shutdown and orbit was almost exactly 250 km , " Musk said in a written statement .
" Telemetry showed essentially a bullseye : 126;0.2 % on perigee and 126;1 % on apogee . "
The capsule is expected to orbit for about a year and eventually burn up in the atmosphere .
NASA administrator Charles Bolden congratulated the SpaceX team .
" Space X's accomplishment is an important milestone in the commercial transportation effort and puts the company a step closer to providing cargo services to the International Space Station , " he said .
Former Apollo astronaut Rusty Schweickart was high on the launch 's possibilities .
" As a former Apollo astronaut , I think it 's safe to say that SpaceX and the other commercial developers embody the 21st century version of the Apollo frontier spirit .
It 's enormously gratifying to see them succeed today , " he said .
NASA hopes companies such as SpaceX can take over transportation to the international space station .
" It 's time for NASA to hand that over to commercial industry who can then optimize the technology and make it more reliable , make it much lower cost and make it much more routine , " said Musk in an interview with CNN last month .
Musk says he believes the United States is at the beginning of a profound , fundamental renaissance in space exploration , perhaps greater than when President Kennedy declared the United States was going to the moon during the infancy of the space program .
" If the country executes and the administration and Congress execute in that direction , the impact of these changes will be on par , perhaps even greater , than ... the task that Kennedy put us on to , " he said .
This push toward the privatization of space is part of President Obama 's blueprint to allow NASA to do bigger and better things with its budget , such as a mission to Mars .
NASA has been flying shuttles in low Earth orbit and going to and from the space station for 30 years .
The administration would like to see whether private companies can do it cheaper and more efficiently , as the shuttle program is about to fly into retirement .
NASA selected SpaceX and another company , Orbital Sciences , to each develop an orbital vehicle because the United States will not have its own way to get to the space station .
The United States will be renting space from the Russians aboard their Soyuz spacecraft .
" They 're standing on NASA 's shoulders , so they 're designing rockets based on the experience we 've had for 50 years or more , going into space , " said George Musser , editor of the Scientific American .
" And any enterprise that learns from past experience will hopefully do better , " he said .
But the competition is rabid .
SpaceX is the first company to reach the launchpad .
So far , its spent almost $ 400 million to get there .
" They probably hate each other 's guts , but the competition is really good for space and for all of us , " said Musser .
" Ultimately , what do we want from this ?
We want to get into space cheaply , so our kids and grandkids someday can go into space and explore the planets , " he said .
But SpaceX acknowledges there will be failures , as there have been since the the beginning of aviation .
" This is an all - new rocket .
There 's a lot that can go wrong , and during the test phase -- that 's why you have a test phase , because things may go wrong , " he said .
Ken Bowersox is a vice president for SpaceX .
In his previous life , he flew five space shuttle missions as a commander and pilot .
He also lived on the space station for more than five months as its commander .
" Either way , we 're going to learn something , " he said .
" If we have a problem , we can move forward accepting a higher level of risk .
That 's how we can be more cost - effective .
If all goes as planned after a series of test flights , Musk says SpaceX will be ready to begin flying cargo to the space station next year .
If NASA awards SpaceX a contract , Musk says they can begin ferrying astronauts to the space station within three years .
He says his company is profitable , but his motivations go beyond dollars .
" We want to see a future where we are exploring the stars , where we 're going to other planets , where we 're doing the great things that we read about in science fiction and in the movies , " Musk said .
CNN 's Rich Phillips contributed to this report .
In villages across northern India , the most dangerous choice young people could make is one most of us take for granted – choosing their own partner .
In the rural hinterlands , the khap panchayats , traditional community organisations , mete out their own forms of justice to " erring " villagers .
In recent years , they have ordered the honour killings of young couples for marrying outside their caste , for marrying within their gotra ( ancient lineage as defined by Hindu tradition ) and even for marrying someone from a neighbouring village .
In short , one could invite censure , and usually worse , by marrying anyone against the wishes of their parents and the community patriarchs ( for most of the traditional leaders are men ) .
This month , the supreme court issued a notice to seven states on the steps taken to protect young couples from the wrath of these khap panchayats .
It is clear that in these rural areas , extra legal norms based on fossilised traditions run their writ .
This happens while the state remains " a mute spectator " , as admitted by the judge of the high court that was " flooded with petitions " seeking judicial confirmation of the right to life and liberty of married couples .
Of course , the khap panchayats are selective in their sanctions .
In April , two low - caste Dalits were burned alive and 18 houses gutted by a mob that was hundreds - strong .
Within three days of the carnage , a gathering of 43 khap panchayats resulted in no condemnation of the act , only a demand for the release of the arrested .
In their various acts of moral posturing , not once has a congregation of these organisations criticised female foeticide or dowry .
This is not surprising , considering the khap panchayats are part of the traditional complex of factors that promote a self - serving , caste - based , patriarchal view of social norms .
This much we all acknowledge from the comfort of our city living rooms .
In national newspapers , in academic seminars or at evening soirees on the well - lit lawns of the cities , these acts are roundly condemned .
Such practices are attributed to the primitive mindsets of rural India , deprived as they are of education , modernity and Coca Cola .
The general consensus is that there are rural areas where the 20th century has not yet arrived .
And that they are as far from the urban imagination as a foreign country .
As are their " medieval " norms .
What most of us fail to see is that these norms probably enjoy as much implicit support even in the most urbanised , educated and apparently liberated sections of the country .
Chandigarh is one of the best - planned cities in the country and capital to two of the most prosperous states .
Its roads are teeming with SUVs , and it contributes more than its fair share of uber - fashionable models , reality TV participants and cricket stars ; it is the modern Indian city .
A recent survey found that more than 65 % of the respondents in Chandigarh oppose marriages within the same gotra .
And more than one - third of all respondents even agree that khap panchayats should order the social boycott of such couples .
Across the country , urban youth are regressing towards the most conservative readings of gotra and marriage .
In the affluent , high - rent neighbourhoods of south Delhi , imported cars vie with foreign - education degrees for attention .
The area is home to some of the country 's most elite families .
But the number of girl babies is only 845 per 1,000 boys , much lower than even the already abysmal national average of about 930 .
Overall urban India ranks lower than rural areas , with affluent neighbourhoods ranking among the worst .
It seems higher incomes do not buy urban Indians only cars and degrees .
It also buys multiple trips to illegal ultrasound clinics and female foeticide to order .
Young urban Indians now pride themselves on being online citizens of the world , proclaiming the shedding of their caste identities at parties and updating their Facebook accounts with ferocious regularity .
They seem to inhabit a different world compared to the village where rural patriarchs prohibit their children from marrying outside their caste .
But caste preferences weigh in as heavily among the mostly urban , net - savvy Indians as it does among the khap panchayats .
A leading Indian matrimonial website found that more than 99 % of its users chose to mention caste when searching for a partner .
The city is not as far from the village as we think .
And primitive norms lurk not far below the veneer of modern living .
Another dangerous choice we could make is to ignore how small these distances are .
Promotion
In this article we bring to you an interesting invention by Mr. Vivekanandan , who is now being mentored and assisted by the Villgro foundation .
Going by the good old adage ‘ necessity is the mother of invention ’ , the device was invented by Mr. Vivekandan because of a real - world problem that his fellow villagers faced .
The Problem
Chili and coriander powder are so central to South Indian cuisine , that village residents will travel 25 km by bus to get it ground .
They are forced to do this because the existing machines to grind chili and coriander are usually very large , have high installation costs , and use too much power to be suitable for rural areas .
Mr. Vivekanandan ’s Solution
Mr. Vivekanandan ’s innovative solution was a pin pulverizer that was modified for small capacities , yet could still grind chili and coriander .
The material is centrally fed into the pin pulverizer ’s milling chamber , which consists of two discs with pins : one is stationary and the other is rotary .
The material that passes through the space between the stationary and rotary pins gets scissored , and converted into a fine powder .
The perforated screen at the bottom filters the powder , and it is discharged through it .
When Mr. Vivekanandan applied to Villgro , pin pulverizers that could grind spices were already being manufactured with a capacity of 150 to 4000 kg/hr .
A pin pulverizer that had a capacity of 30 kg / hr was also available , but it was only able to grind cereals .
Mr. Vivekanandan ’s journey with Villgro literally began with a journey .
He came to know about Villgro and its activities when he accidentally met an employee of Villgro on a train .
At this point Mr. Vivekanandan had already invested Rs. 8 lakhs ( approximately US $ 18,700 ) of his own money , and had created a 3 HP pin pulverizer without any external help .
He thought he had solved 90 % of the problems in grinding chili and coriander , and had manufactured 100 machines .
But of these only 20 were sold .
Even worse , three quarters of these machines were returned because the chili and coriander did not pass through the screen , and because they created too much dust .
The work came to a standstill , and did not resume until almost a year later , when he was introduced to Villgro .
Promotion
Villgro tapped several different resources to work on this problem .
These were the technical expertise of their own staff , the assistance of a consultant from TANSTIA - FNF , Mr. Ashok Iyengar , and InnoCentive , an “ open innovation ” company that opens up research and development problems for anyone to solve .
The solution arrived at was to increase the speed of the rotor to 6600 rpm .
While increasing the speed of the rotor is a seemingly simple solution , for Mr. Vivekanandan the key realization was that the chili and coriander were getting stuck in the screen not because of their high fiber content , but because of the speed of the rotor .
In addition , Mr. Vivekanandan was concerned that to run the rotor at higher speeds , he would need much more expensive bearings .
Consequently , if the cost of the machine increased , then grinding chili and coriander could not become a viable income generating activity for rural women .
Mr. Vivekanandan is quick to emphasize that the main assistance that Mr. Iyengar provided to him was in giving him greater confidence , and in allaying his fears .
Mr. Iyengar first assisted Mr. Vivekanandan in producing a 5 HP , 3 - phase machine , because his machine could not initially be run at the increased speed on 3 HP .
However as in rural areas the preference is for a 1 HP , single - phase machine , Mr. Vivekanandan subsequently reduced his machine ’s weight , wall thickness , size and diameter of the stator and rotor so that it is suitable for rural areas .
Mr. Vivekanandan has also attempted to bring the cost of the machine down to cater to rural needs by focusing on the types and amount of materials used .
However he has maintained the quality of the essential components such as the bearings and blades .
Below is a picture of a villager using the pin pulverizer .
Fantastic innovation which is sure to benefit hundreds of villagers !
Note about the Villgro Foundation : Villgro is a not - for - profit company empowering rural development by identifying and incubating innovations that could be translated to market based social enterprise models thus impacting thousands of lives .
In efforts to impact rural life , VILLGRO actively promotes social entrepreneurship and works with different stakeholders to create and support an eco-system that empowers social entrepreneurship by means of seed funding , mentoring , networking and recognition .
Villgro has impacted over 360,000 rural users with technology & solutions reaching the grassroots .
Villgro has identified and activated more than 2000 social innovators .
MOROCCANS call the vast and arid region along their border with Algeria “ the Oriental ” .
For centuries , trade bustled between their former capital , Fez , and cities on the western side of present - day Algeria , such as Oran .
Pilgrims passed through on their way to the Middle East .
Ibn Battuta , a great 14th - century Muslim explorer , set off from Tangier , on Morocco 's north - western tip , on his 30 - year peregrinations that took him as far as China .
Alas , there are no Ibn Battutas today , if only because the border between Morocco and Algeria , which runs for 1,559 km ( 969 miles ) , or 1,601 km if you include a further stretch alongside the disputed Western Sahara , has been closed for nearly 16 years .
In 1994 Algeria shut it after Morocco 's government imposed visas on Algerian travellers in the wake of a guerrilla attack on the Atlas Asni Hotel in Marrakech , in which the Moroccans suspected Algeria of having a hand .
Thousands of Algerian residents and tourists were summarily expelled .
The Western Sahara row has made matters worse .
For 35 years , since Spain 's departure , the territory has been disputed between the Polisario movement , which wants independence , and the Moroccan government , which has offered autonomy .
The Algerians have doggedly backed Polisario .
The conflict is barely closer to a resolution , though Morocco has managed to keep Polisario 's guerrillas militarily at bay .
Even leaving aside Western Sahara , the Atlas Asni incident is still a big barrier to better relations .
It also impedes economic integration between the Maghreb countries in general .
The Arab Maghreb Union ( AMU ) , a trade organisation created in 1989 to encourage free trade between Algeria , Libya , Mauritania , Morocco and Tunisia , has failed to hold a summit meeting since 1994 , in part because of the Algerian - Moroccan spat .
Trade within the AMU quintet accounts for a paltry 2 % of what the region conducts with the whole of the rest of the world .
Morocco's King Muhammad VI began trying to break the logjam in 2004 , when he let Algerians visit his country without a visa .
Algeria 's president , Abdelaziz Bouteflika , returned the favour the next year but refused to reopen the border , despite King Muhammad 's plea in 2008 and the urging of the United States and the European Union .
Algeria may still feel bitter about the expulsion after the hotel attack of 1994 but it is also nervous lest Morocco use the border issue as a lever to get Algeria to back down over Western Sahara .
Algeria still insists , to the irritation of Morocco , that there should be a referendum under an international agreement signed in 2003 .
The unresolved issue has fuelled rivalry for dominance of the wider Maghreb region , in which the two countries are by far the biggest in terms of population : Morocco has 32 m people , Algeria 35 m .
The benighted borderlands
Moroccan towns such as Oujda , a ten - minute drive from the border , have been hard hit .
Despite efforts to reorient the region 's economy towards tourism and to draw the area into Morocco 's hub on the Atlantic , local unemployment is two - and - a - half times the official national rate of 10 % .
Remittances from Europe probably provide the region 's main source of income : nearly a third of the 3m - plus Moroccans working in the EU hail from the eastern area .
Their king recently visited Oujda to launch plans for new factories and infrastructure , implying he could not wait for Algeria to open up .
Yet opening the border to trade would plainly bring a boom .
Signs of softening between the two countries are , however , evident .
Regardless of politics , businessmen are going their own way .
More Algerians now take holidays in jollier Morocco , even if they have to go by air , and Moroccan companies are trying to bring their know - how to Algeria , which is rich in oil and gas but stubbornly hostile to markets and global business .
Since 2007 the intelligence services of both countries have held regular meetings on counter - terrorism , in view of a shared threat from jihadists .
And AMU officials have agreed to set up a Maghreb Customs Co-operation Council with headquarters in Algiers and a training centre in Morocco 's commercial capital , Casablanca .
A UN man calls it “ the most important move in years towards reconciliation . ”
Following revelations from a leaked ACTA document that participating countries would be expected to bring in a system of monetary fines and jail sentences for those who share files without authorization , the UK has ruled out such a response .
The government has announced that it feels such penalties are inappropriate for dealing with petty copyright infringers .
A leaked ACTA document published by citizen advocacy group La Quadrature du Net revealed the intention to introduce criminal sanctions into the Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement ( ACTA ) for file - sharing offenses .
The ACTA Chapter 2 Criminal Provisions document ( .pdf ) stated that “ each party shall provide for effective proportionate and dissuasive penalties ” to include “ imprisonment and monetary fines ” .
“ The ACTA agreement , by its opacity and undemocratic nature , allows criminal sanctions to be simply negotiated , ” commented Jérémie Zimmermann , spokesperson for La Quadrature du Net .
“ The leaked document shows that the EU Member States are willing to impose prison sanctions for non-commercial usages of copyrighted works on the Internet as well as for ‘ inciting and aiding ’ , a notion so broad that it could cover any Internet service or speech questioning copyright policies . ”
As noted by Zimmermann , the ACTA text includes proposals to apply criminal sanctions to “ infringements that have no direct or indirect motivation of financial gain ” .
There are suggestions that “ financial gain ” could simply be obtaining anything without paying .
However , it seems that at least one country is showing a reluctance to go along with suggestions that file - sharers should feel the full weight of a criminal court .
The UK Government has now said that it feels that criminal sanctions are an inappropriate way to deal with this type of copyright infringement .
“ Acta should not introduce new intellectual property laws or offences .
Instead , it should provide a framework to better enforce existing laws , ” a UK Intellectual Property Office representative told ComputerActive .
Currently , personal - use file - sharing on a non-commercial scale is almost always considered a civil offense in the UK .
However , there have been exceptions .
In the case of the OiNK uploaders ( who actually uploaded very little indeed ) , their cases were heard in a criminal court and they ultimately received fines and community service orders .
This proves that when powerful enough people get involved , it ’s trivial to escalate an offense way above its standing .
That said , it would be ridiculous to have small infringements dealt with by the criminal courts as a matter of course , so hopefully the UK Government stands strong .
Jim Killock , Chief Executive at the Open Rights Group said the Government now needs to make its opposition to these proposals both public and clear to the US and EU .
Additional scenes : Meanwhile in the TARDIS , written by Steven Moffat and featuring Matt Smith & Karen Gillan , telling the story of what happens between episodes .
Why was Amy floating in Space above Starship UK , and what happened after ' that ' kiss between the Doctor and Amy ?
: Meanwhile in the TARDIS , written by Steven Moffat and featuring Matt Smith & Karen Gillan , telling the story of what happens between episodes .
Why was Amy floating in Space above Starship UK , and what happened after ' that ' kiss between the Doctor and Amy ?
Monster Files -
The Monster Files will get under the skin and inside the minds of the latest Doctor 's most challenging opponents .
With previously unseen footage and exclusive comments from cast and crew , the Monster Files take fans old and new even further behind enemy lines .
- The Monster Files will get under the skin and inside the minds of the latest Doctor 's most challenging opponents .
With previously unseen footage and exclusive comments from cast and crew , the Monster Files take fans old and new even further behind enemy lines .
Outtakes
In-vision commentaries
Video Diary
Confidential Cut Downs
BBC Trails and Promos to New Series 5
Details have been released of the 2010 series boxset which will be released in the UK onand in North America on Brandedthe boxset is available in DVD and Blu-ray formats .
In the UK , as well as the general release , a number of sets will be available in the form of a specially limited edition .
Special features include additional scenes written byand exclusive to DVD .
See our full Release Schedule
Rob Dew and Kurt Nimmo
Infowars.com
July 28 , 2010
The only winners are the aluminum and fertilizer industries that work hand in hand with public water works to send toxic waste into the homes of millions across our country .
Writers Note :
The following is a lengthy article with links to government documents .
In order to fully understand the argument presented , it is suggested the reader save the documents and study them .
Keyword searches of the terms presented below will help better understand the dangers of fluoride .
After reading an article entitled Is flouride part of globalist plot ?
by freelance author and technical writer Phil Elmore posted on the WorldNetDaily website , I was motivated to correct Mr. Elmore ’s misconceptions .
In order to do this , I have decided to present evidence concerning the health dangers of fluoride .
In order to make his argument about the safety of fluoride , Mr. Elmore cites a 1943 discovery made by Dr. H. Trendley Dean .
According to Dean , 1 ppm ( parts per million ) of naturally occurring fluoride is an ideal concentration “ to prevent cavities without staining the teeth . ”
In addition , the CDC claims that water fluoridation is one of the greatest health achievements of the 20th century .
Apologists also make the claim that water fluoridation is beneficial to the dental health of poor children who may not have regular access to a dentist .
Currently there are two types of fluoride most commonly linked to water fluoridation .
Calcium Fluoride ( CaF2 ) — the most likely culprit of “ Texas teeth ” cited by Dr. Dean — and Sodium Fluoride ( NaF ) , a common ingredient found in many pest control products including roach poison .
Sodium Fluoride has two distant cousins — hydrofluosilicic acid H2SiF6 and sodium silicofluoride Na2SiF6 , which are more commonly used for water fluoridation .
According to a 1992 census of public water systems , hydrofluosilicic acid ( 63 % ) is the most popular compound used with sodium silicofluoride ( 28 % ) .
Sodium fluoride , at 9 % , follow these two compounds .
In is advised you read the linked MSDS sheets for each compound .
Calcium fluoride , also known as fluorite , is a mined substance and therefore more expensive than sodium fluoride , hydrofluoric acid and sodium silicofluoride which are industrial byproducts from the production of aluminum and the phosphate fertilizer industry .
The fertilizer industry has released two toxic gasses into the atmosphere for a number of years — Hydrogen Fluoride ( HF ) and and Silicon tetrafluoride ( SiF4 ) .
The industry was eventually convinced to add water scrubbers to trap the gasses because the result produces hydrofluorosilicic acid .
In June of 2009 , Infowars was invited to tour one of Austin ’s Water Treatment Plants with a local citizen group .
I saw the compounds the Austin Water Utility adds to the public water supply .
I can tell you without a doubt that TOXIC WASTE IS BEING ADDED TO THE WATER in the form of hydrofluorosilicic acid .
During our plant visit we were allowed to video a presentation of a Q and A session .
However , we were asked to turn off our cameras during the actual tour for Homeland Security reasons .
Because of this we do not have photos of the two 20 thousand gallon tanks and corroded piping I observed inside a sealed room marked “ hazardous , ” nor do I have photos of the soft and powdery concrete that results from the small spillage that occurs when the 18 wheeled trucks — marked with “ Hazardous ” warnings — link up to corroded pipes feeding fluoride into the storage tanks .
I also was unable to capture images of the MSDS Label Code .
This code is ranked 4 under the Health Hazard designation and states : “ Very short exposure could cause death or serious residual injury even though prompt medical attention was given ” .
I did , however , receive an admission from the assistant director of the Austin Plant that the city uses fluorosilicic acid manufactured by the company Lucier Chemical Industries , dubbed “ The fluoride specialists ” .
Lucier is a distribution arm of a large conglomerate called Mosaic which is a partnership between Cargill , Incorporated , and IMC Global Inc. Mosaic ’s 2010 annual report contains only one reference to Fluorosilicic Acid : “ Some of our Florida and Louisiana facilities produce fluorosilicic acid , which is a hazardous chemical , for resale to third parties . ”
The Austin Water Utility pays Lucier approximately 1 million dollars per year to add this wonder cocktail to Austin ’s water supply .
In order to better understand the effects of fluorosilicic acid , consider the following description of an accident on a Florida interstate :
A spill incident of the chemical on an interstate in Florida , covering an area 600 feet long and 60 feet wide , resulted in the visit of more than 50 people to hospitals .
Individuals complained of skin and respiratory irritation , including burning in the throat , and headaches .
A man riding in a truck with his arm out the window experienced burning on his forearm .
The effects of long - term exposure to fluorosilicic acid are changes in bone , corrosivity of the mucous membranes ( e.g. , ulceration of the nose , throat , and bronchial tubes ) , coughing , shock , pulmonary edema , fluorosis , coma , and even death .
In workers engaged for approximately 30 years in the production of phosphate fertilizers , nine out of the 50 observed workers had increased bone densities .
When swallowed , severe irritation of the lungs , nose , and throat can occur , as well as severe damage to the throat and stomach .
A probable oral lethal dose of 50 - 5000 mg/kg , classified as very toxic , has been reported for doses between 1 teaspoon and 1 ounce for a 150 - pound ( 70 - kg ) person ; a probable oral lethal dose of 5 - 50 mg/ kg , classified as extremely toxic , has been reported for doses between 7 drops and 1 teaspoon for the same individual .
Seven drops of fluorosilicic acid is considered extremely toxic and potentially lethal .
Remarkably , around 10 gallons per hour are pumped into Austin ’s water supply .
The level maintained is approximately 1 ppm with the highest level being 4 ppm .
Let ’s look at a few of the the safety procedures as defined by the state of Texas for the handling of fluoride - like products .
Page 13 begins with safety procedures and overfeed issues for community fluoridation .
Page 17 covers recommendations for fluoride levels in schools , a rate that is more than four times the amount established for communities .
Below is a second source for school fluoride levels from a CDC 1992 survey of all water treatment plants within the United States .
The following table describes what the EPA has established as the Maximum Containment Level ( MCL ) .
The MCL levels set by the EPA directly contradict the CDC recommended optimal levels for setting up fluoridation systems in public schools .
Even the EPA ’s own employees take issue with these MCL levels set at 2 ppm .
A 1986 brief filed on behalf of the Local 2050 of the National Federation of Federal Employees ( NFFE ) cites toxicologists , chemists , physical scientists , statisticians , biologists , engineers and attorneys .
NFFE acts as the exclusive representative of scientific and technical employees at EPA .
The NFFE professionals claim that “ serious errors were made by the Agency ( EPA ) in setting the fluoride Recommended Maximum Contaminant Level ( RMCL ) . ”
The NFFE took serious issue with the EPA ’s mandates and wrote :
The process by which EPA arrived at the RMCL for fluoride is scientifically irrational and displays an unprofessional review of relevant scientific data .
The Safe Drinking Water
Act requires that an RMCL must be a reflection of the opinion of health professionals as to the level of a contaminant at which no known or anticipated adverse effect on the health of persons will occur , and which allows an adequate margin of safety .
However , the final RMCL for fluoride does not represent a determination made on the basis of scientific and technical expertise .
Four years later Dr. Wm. L. Marcus , Senior Science Adviser in EPA ’s Office of Drinking Water , was fired in response to a 1990 whistle - blowing memo calling for a review of the cover -up of the National Toxicology Program study that demonstrates fluoride is a “ probable human carcinogen [ cancer causing agent ] “ :
The type of cancer of particular concern with fluoride , although not the only type , is osteosarcoma , especially in males .
The National Toxicology Program conducted a two - year study \ 10 in which rats and mice were given sodium fluoride in drinking water .
The positive result of that study ( in which malignancies in tissues other than bone were also observed ) , particularly in male rats , is convergent with a host of data from tests showing fluoride ’s ability to cause mutations ( a principal “ trigger ” mechanism for inducing a cell to become cancerous ) e.g.\11a , b , c , d and data showing increases in osteosarcomas in young men in New Jersey \ 12 , Washington and Iowa \ 13 based on their drinking fluoridated water .
It was his analysis , repeated statements about all these and other incriminating cancer data , and his requests for an independent , unbiased evaluation of them that got Dr. Marcus fired .
Still think fluoride is safe ?
Read the back of your tooth paste .
I show this to friends who will not believe that water fluoridation is detrimental to human health .
Here is a pic of what you will find on all fluoride toothpaste .
Sodium monofluorophosphate is pharmaceutical grade and does not have the serious health risks of fluorosilicic acid and yet if you swallow more than a pea sized amount you are told to contact a Poison Control Center .
In order to make the case fluoride is safe , proponents cite 1940s pseudo - science , CDC statistics , and the claim that fluoride is beneficial to the dental health of poor children .
The state of Texas has made the same questionable claim .
“ For thousands of Texans , geography serves as a barrier to oral health care .
The problem is presumably worse among poor , uninsured or elderly uninsured residents of medically undeserved areas ” .
Since Texas fluoridates 76 % of the state ’s water supply , one can conclude that water fluoridation has done little to improve the dental hygiene of poor Texans and indeed the rest of the country .
Regardless , both agencies strongly support expanded fluoridation despite the overwhelming evidence stacked against the practice .
Harvard university inserted itself in the fluoride controversy when one the university ’s own “ School of Dental Medicine epidemiologists was investigated by federal authorities for burying evidence of fluoride ’s link to bone cancer . ”
Chester Douglass , editor in chief of the industry - funded Colgate Oral Care Report , claimed he did not find a link between osteosarcoma and fluoride .
A closed door panel determined at Harvard stated the professor did not intentionally suppress the findings .
His research shows a clear carcinogenic link especially in young boys .
Harvard would have us believe that when industry insiders withhold evidence in studies it is not intentional suppression .
Harvard has continued to keep the findings and minutes of their investigation a secret .
Many members of the scientific community no longer ignore the facts and because of this the tide is turning against water fluoridation , a fact demonstrated by a 2007 report submitted by hundreds of scientific professionals .
“ Signers include a Nobel Prize winner , three members of the prestigious 2006 National Research Council ( NRC ) panel that reported on fluoride ’s toxicology , two officers in the Union representing professionals at EPA headquarters , the President of the International Society of Doctors for the Environment , and hundreds of medical , dental , academic , scientific and environmental professionals , worldwide . ”
Eight years since the original brief workers at the EPA remain vocally opposed to water fluoridation .
Petitioners have demanded the practice be stopped until Congress initiates an investigation .
An Australian news program todaytonight Adelaide did their own investigation into the fluoridation process .
Time magazine ranks fluoride as 4th in a list of TOP 10 COMMON HOUSEHOLD TOXINS .
The only winners in this paradigm are the aluminum and fertilizer industries working hand in hand with public water works to send a proven toxic waste into the homes of millions across the country .
Americans are paying to be force - medicated and to act as bio-filters so multinational conglomerates can dispose of Superfund quality sludge in our bodies .
Massive public relations campaigns keep the public in the dark and stifle proper disclosure of the evidence .
Unfortunately , many Americans have grown accustomed to this type of cozy relationship between multinational corporations , government regulatory agencies and the elite scientific community .
Fluoride has no business being in our drinking water .
Call and write your representatives and demand they outlaw fluoride poisoning .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
The Salmonella outbreak at Subway restaurants around the state of Illinois has claimed 68 confirmed victims–a number that will probably continue to grow as more and more illnesses are identified as part of the Subway Salmonella outbreak .
The Illinois Department of Public Health ’s updated announcement states as follows :
Last Saturday , Luis Suárez scored two goals against South Korea to send Uruguay to the quarterfinals .
Today , he helped Uruguay slip through to the semifinals by making a play normally considered on the opposite end of the spectrum from scoring in soccer : a deliberate handball .
Suárez swatted away what would have been a certain goal by Dominic Adiyiah at the Uruguay goal line .
Soccer rules discourage deliberate handballs by assessing a grievous toll : a penalty kick and a red card , meaning the offending player is ejected and ...
Many of you have probably by now seen this video of a group of young girls dancing to Beyonce ’s Single Ladies on the World of Dance tour .
Huong L. , Jeff S. , and Dmitriy T.M. sent it in and asked us to comment on it .
First , the video … which is stunning :
I think I ’ve watched this a half dozen times and I ’m mesmerized .
But to the analysis …
After the Single Ladies video came out there was a rash of parents uploading videos of their kids dancing along to the video .
We featured a particularly impressive example of a preschool - aged girl dancing to the video and offered it as an example of how kids are active agents in their own socialization .
You might also apply this idea to this video , sent in by Heather B. ( which I am not going to comment on because I ca n’t figure out the context ) .
Certainly children do make choices about what to mimick .
In a culture that highly sexualizes young girls , we should n’t be that surprised when they make choices that we find incongruent with ( our beliefs about ) childhood .
The World of Dance routine , however , is not simply an example of children being active in their own socialization and responding to the powerful messages of self - objectification aimed at girls of all ages .
In this case , many , many adults were instrumental in producing the product : their dance teacher (s ) , the choreographer , their parents , and the producers of the tour , to name the obvious .
These girls are performing a highly sexualized routine because many adults chose to sexualize them .
For more examples of the sexualization of young girls , see our posts on sexually suggestive teen brands , adultifying children of color , “ trucker girl ” baby booties , “ future trophy wife ” kids ’ tee , House of Dereón ’s girls ’ collection , “ is modesty making a comeback ? “ , more sexualized clothes and toys , sexist kids ’ tees , a trifecta of sexualizing girls , a zebra - striped string bikini for infants , a nipple tassle t- shirt , even more icky kids ’ t- shirts , “ are you tighter than a 5th grader ? ” t- shirt , the totally gross “ I ’m tight like spandex ” girls ’ t- shirt , and a Halloween costume post .
— — — — — —— ——
Lisa Wade is a professor of sociology at Occidental College .
You can follow her on Twitter and Facebook .
I finally understand it .
Here I thought the idea behind Arizona ’s new anti-illegal immigrant laws was simply racism , ethnic purity or some such nonsense .
It is not .
Governor Jan Brewer is leading the fight against The Illegals !
The immortal descendants of Clan McLeodo who are waiting for the time of the Gathering , when the stroke of a sword and the fall of a head will release the power of the Quickening .
In the end , there can be only one !
( cue Queen , Princes of the Universe )
The star of Governor Brewer ’s political compass is not Ron Paul .
It is n’t Rand Paul .
Hell , it is n’t even Ru Paul .
It ’s ADRIAN PAUL !
That ’s right .
Duncan McLeod !
Not Connor McLeod from the daffy but lovable old movie which has a Scotsman played by a Frenchman who does a Peter Lorre impression ( Christopher Lambert ) , while having an Egyptian with a Spanish name and clothing being played by an actual Scot ( Sean Connery ) .
About the only character who was what he was supposed to be was the Kurgan , a weird guy played by the even weirder Clancy Brown .
No , we ’re talking about the TV series with Adrian Paul ( Adrian who ? ) which ran into the ground when his character Duncan McLeod decided he had two many co-stars and started killing them off at the end of season five .
So you see , it is n’t about crime , or racial prejudice , or white people wanting to hang around outside of Home Depot to pick up contractor jobs .
After all , the instructions are NOT to use racial profiling in trying to pick out potential wetbacks on the street .
After all , that hot blonde with the Eastern European accent could be one of them mail - order Russian brides who have married American just to get a green card !
And we want to make sure those kind of criminals are arrested and searched for illegal ummm , illegal , well who cares , as long as we get to perform a full body search .
No .
It ’s finally clear that Jan Brewer ’s and the Arizona legislature ’s concern is to protect the people of Arizona from all the sword fights and beheadings that have been plaguing the streets of Tombstone !
Forcing Arizonans to rush to the shelter of churches they would not have entered except for Christmas , Easter , weddings and funerals for the protection of Holy Ground where the Illegals cannot fight .
Ever since Duncan ’s dark quickening , Brewer said , we cannot depend on the Highlander of Clan McLeodo in the hope of having a good Calvinist only being the One Only Being .
Arizona must be protected against ALL Illegals !
Especially Canadians !
And speaking of Duncan McLeod : once I was in the Playboy mansion –that place is so huge and with so many rooms with SO many different things going on , I got completely lost .
I was stumbling around , not knowing whether I was in the grotto or the bedroom wing !
In my confusion , I turned a corner and went into a room and was aghast to see Hugh Hefner and Hugh Jackman humping on top of Adrian Paul .
Aghast , I ran up to them , waving my arms and shouting : “ Hey !
Hey !
Hugh !
Hugh !
Get off of McLeod ! ”
OK , I stole that part from Joe Bob Briggs .
Happy 234th Birthday , U. S. of A .
Comments
Nunca falla .
Cada vez que sale el tema de Wikipedia , alguien me pregunta si la información que aparece en la enciclopedia libre es confiable .
Es una pregunta comprensible , y quienes se la plantean lo hacen de buena fe .
El único problema es que equivale a preguntar " ¿Cuán redonda es una esfera ? "
Lo que sigue quizá ponga a alguien de mal humor .
No es para menos .
No sólo voy a poner en duda el concepto de Verdad , sino también el que Wikipedia sea la primera enciclopedia libre .
Intentaré demostrar que Wikipedia es la primera enciclopedia legítima , libre o no ; no lo haré caprichosamente .
Consultaré al hombre que inventó todo el asunto : monsieur Denis Diderot ( 1713 - 1784 ) , co-fundador y editor en jefe de la Encyclopédie .
Más o menos
Empecemos por la verdad .
Hagamos una pregunta sencilla .
Capciosa , pero sencilla .
¿ Cuántos kilómetros hay entre el Obelisco , en la ciudad de Buenos Aires , y el Monumento a la Bandera , en Rosario ?
Trescientos kilómetros .
Eso es lo que se decía cuando era chico .
Con el GPS del celular el dato es hoy mucho más preciso , con unos pocos metros de error .
Es más , desde la pantalla de mi PC , por medio de Google Earth , obtengo este valor : 277,35 km .
Por lo tanto , no era del todo cierto lo que siempre me dijeron : 300 kilómetros .
Pero , ¿por qué esa cifra nos suena verdadera ?
¿ Por qué 400 kilómetros parece una exageración o un error ?
Bueno , posiblemente , porque 400 kilómetros sería una hora más de auto .
En el contexto de movilizarnos de la manera más usual entre dos ciudades cercanas ( micro , auto , tren ) , la precisión del GPS es innecesaria .
Más o menos de la misma forma que la geometría no-euclidiana no mejora el diseño de un edificio o la decoración del cuarto del nene .
Esto cambia diametralmente cuando el navegador satelital dictamina : " Doble a la derecha " .
La paradoja de Eubulides
Existen un número de teorías sobre la verdad : la constructivista , la pragmática , la minimalista , la performativa , y así .
Una cosa es la verdad en lógica y otra en física .
A veces , es imposible alcanzar la verdad por falta de instrumentos adecuados ; en otras , por la naturaleza misma de nuestra razón o del lenguaje .
Si alguien dijera : " Lo que declararé a continuación es falso .
Y lo que acabo de declarar es verdad " , ¿cómo establecer qué es cierto ?
La bien conocida paradoja de Eubulides de Mileto ha sido resuelta de diversas formas , no sé si con éxito , pero si descubrimos que alguien nos miente una sola vez , nos costará años volver a confiar en su palabra .
No es poca cosa , pues , la confiabilidad de una enciclopedia .
Ni es fácil desentrañar la naturaleza de la verdad .
Uno puede proclamar en un artículo que Sirio está a 8,59 años luz de la Tierra .
Pero no podemos saber si Sirio existe en este momento .
Si no existe , entonces no está a 8,59 años luz ni nada .
Podemos asegurar que Sirio existía hace 8,59 años a esta distancia .
Claro que esto se interpretaría como que Sirio ya no existe , lo que casi seguramente no es cierto , aunque tampoco lo podemos aseverar , porque la velocidad a la que viaja la información por el universo es un límite que no podemos superar .
Por ahora .
¡ Ah , el tiempo !
Estábamos tan felices con Newton .
¡ Algo era inmutable y puntual en esta vida tan cambiante !
Hasta que 239 años después apareció el impertinente Albert Einstein con la peregrina idea de que el tiempo también era relativo .
Bueno , ya habíamos oído ridiculeces de todo calibre en esa época , afirmaciones que obviamente no podían ser verdad .
Por ejemplo , que los ángulos internos de un triángulo no sumaban 180° .
O que la luz viajaba en paquetes .
Por favor .
¡ Sólo faltaba que la docta manzana de Woolsthorpe también fuera una fábula !
Hoy sabemos que , a su modo , ambas cosas son acertadas , el tiempo de Newton y el de Einstein ; el quinto postulado de Euclides y la geometría hiperbólica de Lobachevsky y Riemann .
La teoría ondulatoria de la luz y la cuántica .
Sabemos también que llegará el día en que ambas caigan en descrédito .
La ciencia es una historia de refutaciones .
La verdad es un prejuicio
Lo que tradicionalmente recogían las enciclopedias era una verdad acordada entre partes .
Los errores podían resultar cómicos , aunque los hubo también perversos .
Stephen Jay Gould reúne en The Mismesure of Man las tramposas maniobras de los científicos del siglo XIX para justificar el determinismo biológico y demostrar por qué los negros eran inferiores a los blancos .
El libro de Gould , aunque recibió críticas negativas de parte de algunos científicos , sigue siendo indispensable para entender hasta qué punto la verdad es sólo una ilusión , un acuerdo entre partes ; en ocasiones , un prejuicio .
Poco más de 100 años después de las estrafalarias demostraciones científicas de los sabios del determinismo biológico , Estados Unidos tiene un presidente negro .
Que los defensores de la Verdad Enciclopédica Absoluta me expliquen eso .
***
No hay nada de malo en que la verdad se parezca más a nuestra época que a la realidad ; somos humanos , no dioses .
Nos importa más buscar la verdad que alcanzarla , quizás porque en el fondo sabemos que la realidad también es una construcción de nuestro intelecto .
Deberíamos , por lo tanto , renunciar al fundamentalismo enciclopédico y dejar de pegarle a Wikipedia .
Porque la Wikipedia también es hija de su época .
No es que contenga más falsedades y errores que la Britannica , que sea menos confiable .
Contiene los errores ( o , si se quiere , los aciertos ) que corresponden a su tiempo .
Cuando adquirir conocimiento era caro y difícil , las enciclopedias eran costosas y su acervo se encontraba estrictamente vigilado por unos guardianes llamados expertos .
El número de artículos era limitado : 100.000 , en el caso de Britannica .
Las enciclopedias tradicionales constituían , además , una de las paradojas más extraordinarias de la modernidad : unos pocos escribían y todos los demás leíamos .
Pero adivine qué .
¡ Nadie leía las enciclopedias !
Se las compraba , se las hojeaba un poco y luego constituían un fetiche , un ícono del saber .
Por regla general la enciclopedia no era leída ni consultada .
Era venerada .
La Wikipedia tiene un espíritu muy diferente y , en mi opinión , se ajusta mucho más a la idea original de Diderot y d’Alambert , los iluministas del siglo XVIII que definieron lo que ahora entendemos por enciclopedia .
El plan de Diderot
En primer lugar hay muchos más artículos : 15 millones en 250 idiomas .
No diré que esto sí representa todo el conocimiento humano , pero con 3.321.000 artículos en inglés , es unas 32 veces más exhaustiva que Britannica o Encarta .
¿ Importa esto ?
Sí , a juzgar por lo que el mismo Diderot asegura en el artículo sobre el término enciclopedia que escribió para la Encyclopédie : " Cubrir todo lo relacionado con la curiosidad humana , sus trabajos , necesidades y placeres " , así caracterizaba el propósito de una enciclopedia .
Bueno , en Wikipedia es posible encontrar un artículo sobre una pequeña banda de garaje , la apertura Ponziani o los resultados electorales de Balaclava .
Y continúa creciendo .
En segundo lugar , Wikipedia nace consciente de sus defectos .
Por ejemplo , hay mucha más información sobre computadoras ( obvio ) que sobre pediatría .
No sólo es sano conocer nuestros defectos y límites , sino que es una característica de nuestro tiempo : hemos aprendido que nada es perfecto .
Pero hay más : Diderot inicia su Encyclopédie consciente de que semejante obra no puede estar exenta de error .
Mucho después se construyó el mito de la exactitud enciclopédica con el que hoy se estigmatiza a Wikipedia .
Wikipedia ha cambiado también las relaciones entre los protagonistas , colocándolos de nuevo en su lugar , y yendo más allá .
La enciclopedia libre es un sitio de consulta .
No está de adorno .
No la veneramos .
Somos parte de ella , de un modo u otro .
La usamos , eventualmente la editamos o contribuimos con nuevos artículos .
Se la critica mucho ( lo que es excelente , porque esto desarticula la idolatría ) , pero se la usa todavía más .
Por añadidura , Wikipedia introduce una alteración del orden normal de las cosas : los lectores pueden ahora crear y editar artículos .
¡ Válgame Dios , esto es el acabóse !
Mucha gente se resiste a esta idea y me dice : " ¿ Cómo podés confiar en una enciclopedia en la que escribe cualquiera ? "
Mi respuesta es simple : si no podemos ni siquiera crear una enciclopedia entre todos , ¿cómo podemos pretender construir y llevar adelante una sociedad entre todos ?
Pero el concepto de que los lectores contribuyan a la enciclopedia es una anormalidad o una degradación es otro mito , fabricado al mismo tiempo que el de la exactitud ineluctable .
Diderot sostiene en su artículo que una enciclopedia , al intentar plasmar el total del conocimiento humano , no puede ser obra de un solo individuo .
Añade que debe ser construida por hombres de todas las academias .
Y luego , en un párrafo simplemente visionario , reconoce : " Necesitaremos la asistencia de un gran número de hombres que pertenecen a diferentes clases , hombres de un valor inestimable para quienes los portales de las academias están sin embargo cerrados , debido a su condición social " .
Es notable que Diderot haya tenido más apertura mental en 1751 que algunos críticos de la Wikipedia hoy .
Si hubiera nacido dos siglos después habría visto en Internet y la Web 2.0 la oportunidad , por primera vez en la historia , de cumplir su sueño de publicar un compendio de todo el conocimiento humano .
Encyclopédie online
El artículo de Diderot tiene alrededor de 200.000 caracteres , unas 80 carillas A4 , y hay mucho más que podría decirse sobre sus visiones .
Donde no pudo acertar , obviamente , fue en el asunto de completar el trabajo .
En aquella época , la única forma de publicar era en papel .
Si hubiera conocido Internet habría descubierto que una enciclopedia como la que él soñaba era un trabajo en eterno progreso , como el conocimiento , como la verdad .
El lector curioso puede consultar una versión en inglés de este revelador artículo en el sitio del proyecto de traducción colaborativa de la Enciclopedia de Diderot y d’Alembert de la Biblioteca de la Universidad de Michigan ( http://quod.lib.umich.edu/d/did/).
La dirección al artículo es : http://quod.lib.umich.edu/cgi/t/text/text-idx?c=did;cc=did;idno=did2222.0000.004;rgn=main;view=text
Si una frase demuestra que Diderot y d’Alembert estaban pensando en algo más parecido a Wikipedia que a los costosos productos enciclopédicos irrecusables es la que se cita al pie de la portada de este proyecto : " Este es un trabajo que no puede ser completado sino por una sociedad de hombres de letras y artesanos diestros , cada uno trabajando en lo suyo separadamente , pero todos unidos sólo por su celo por los mejores intereses de la raza humana y un sentimiento de mutua buena voluntad " .
Hace dos siglos y medio , cuando sólo los privilegiados leían y escribían , la separación que hace Diderot tenía sentido .
Hoy todos somos hombres de letras , expertos o artesanos diestros en alguna rama del conocimiento , y podemos aportar a una enciclopedia global .
Por eso , ¿es confiable la Wikipedia ?
Sí. Tanto como nosotros mismos .
WASHINGTON 
With pressure mounting on the federal government to find new revenues , Congress is considering legalizing , and taxing , an activity it banned just four years ago : Internet gambling .
On Wednesday , the House Financial Services Committee approved a bill that would effectively legalize online poker and other nonsports betting , overturning a 2006 federal ban that critics say merely drove Web - based casinos offshore .
The bill would direct the Treasury Department to license and regulate Internet gambling operations , while a companion measure , pending before another committee , would allow the Internal Revenue Service to tax such businesses .
Winnings by individuals would also be taxed , as regular gambling winnings are now .
The taxes could yield as much as $ 42 billion for the government over 10 years , supporters said .
The two measures  which are backed by banks and credit unions but have divided casinos and American Indian tribes  are far from becoming law .
A bill to legalize online poker sponsored by Senator Robert Menendez , Democrat of New Jersey , has not yet had a hearing .
The Congressional timetable has little spare room before the midterm elections , and the Obama administration has not taken a position .
The outspoken chief executive of Ryanair has remained largely out of the spotlight since the airline began its new " customer - friendly " overhaul .
Here are a few reminders why :
On refunds : " You 're not getting a refund so **** off . "
On overweight passengers : " Nobody wants to sit beside a really fat ****** on board .
We have been frankly astonished at the number of customers who do n't only want to tax fat people but torture them . "
On turbulence : " If drink sales are falling off we get the pilots to engineer a bit of turbulence .
That usually spikes up the drink sales . "
On travel agents : " Screw the travel agents .
Take the ******* out and shoot them .
They are a waste of bloody time .
What have they done for passengers over the years ? "
Ryanair has sought to improve its image in recent years Credit : GEOFF ROBINSON PHOTOGRAPHY ./ Geoff Robinson
On transatlantic flights : " Ryanair will never fly the Atlantic route because one cannot get there in a Boeing 737 , unless one has a very strong tail wind or passengers who can swim the last hour of the flight . "
On the airline industry : " There 's a lot of big egos in this industry .
Most chief executives got into this business because they want to travel for a living .
Not me , I want to work . "
On European expansion : " Germans will crawl *******- naked over broken glass to get low fares . "
On charging passengers to use the loo : " One thing we have looked at is maybe putting a coin slot on the toilet door so that people might actually have to spend a pound to spend a penny in the future .
If someone wanted to pay £ 5 to go to the toilet I would carry them myself .
I would wipe their bums for a fiver . "
On upright seating : " I 'd love to operate aircraft where we take out the back ten rows and put in hand rails .
We 'd say if you want to stand , it 's five euros .
People say ' Oh but the people standing may get killed if there 's a crash ' .
Well , with respect , the people sitting down might get killed as well "
On the in - flight experience : " Anyone who thinks Ryanair flights are some sort of bastion of sanctity where you can contemplate your navel is wrong .
We already bombard you with as many in - flight announcements and trolleys as we can .
Anyone who looks like sleeping , we wake them up to sell them things . "
Michael O'Leary thinking of something funny to say Credit : BAX LINDHARDT
On low fares : " I do n't see why in 10 years ' time you would n't fly people for free .
Why do n't airports pay us for delivering the passengers to their shops ? "
If you can't find a low fare on Ryanair : " You 're a moron . "
On customer service : " People say the customer is always right , but you know what - they 're not .
Sometimes they are wrong and they need to be told so . "
On closing Ryanair 's check - in desks : " This is n't the end of civilization as we know it . "
On apologies : " Are we going to say sorry for our lack of customer service ?
Absolutely not . "
On refunds : " We do n't want to hear your sob stories .
What part of ' no refund ' do n't you understand ? "
On Ryanair 's image : " One of the weaknesses of the company now is it is a bit cheap and cheerful and overly nasty , and that reflects my personality . "
On pilot 's wages : " People ask how we can have such low fares .
I tell them our pilots work for nothing . "
On his popularity : " I do n't give a ***** if no - one likes me .
I am not a cloud bunny , I am not an aerosexual .
I do n't like aeroplanes .
I never wanted to be a pilot like those other platoons of goons who populate the airline industry . "
" We do n't want to hear your sob stories .
What part of ' no refund ' do n't you understand ? "
Credit : Max Rossi
On Ryanair 's pilots : " If this is such a Siberian salt mine and I am such an ogre , then why are they still working for the airline ?
If any of our fellas are n't happy with the current arrangement then they 're free to go elsewhere .
Godspeed to them . "
On Aer Lingus 's pilots : " Overpaid , underworked peacocks "
On cost - cutting : " We use our own biros and I tell the staff not to buy them , just pick them up from hotels , legal offices , wherever .
That 's what I do .
Recently I did an interview and I was sitting there with a hotel pen I 'd nicked from somewhere .
I was asked why and I said : ' We at Ryanair have a policy of stealing hotel pens .
We wo n't pay for Bic biros as part of our obsession with low costs . "
On employees : " MBA students come out with : " My staff is my most important asset . "
Bull ****.
Staff is usually your biggest cost .
We all employ some lazy ******* who needs a kick up the backside , but no one can bring themselves to admit it . "
On how to keep employees motivated and happy : " Fear . "
On beginning a press conference to announce the annual results : “ I ’m here with Howard Miller and Michael Cawley , our two deputy chief executives .
But they ’re presently making love in the gentleman ’s toilets , such is their excitement at today ’s results . ”
On ordering aircraft from Boeing : “ The message to Boeing today is : ‘ You keep building them , we ’ll keep buying them ’ , and together both of us will kick the crap out of Airbus in Europe .
We love Boeing .
**** the French . ”
On not ordering more aircraft from Boeing : “ Boeing had their chance .
Eventually you lose interest , dealing with a bunch of idiots who ca n’t make a decision .
They are a bunch of numpties out in Seattle . ”
On Ryanair in the 1990s : “ Ryanair will never make money .
It will always lose money .
It ’s an airline .
Forget it . ”
On Ryanair in the 2000s : “ We expect our profits to grow by 20 to 25 per cent .
That ’s not just good , that ’s practically obscene in an industry in which few people make money .
This is n’t an airline , it ’s a drug baron ’s business . ”
On corporate life : “ The meek may inherit the earth , but they will not have it for long . ”
On consultants : “ I believe hiring consultants is an abdication by management of their responsibilities .
If the consultant is so good at managing change , then why not hire him to run the company and do it himself ?
Every idiot who gets fired in the industry shows up as a consultant somewhere .
I would shoot any consultant who came through my door . ”
On environmentalists : “ We want to annoy the ******* whenever we can .
The best thing you can do with environmentalists is shoot them .
These headbangers want to make air travel the preserve of the rich .
They are luddites marching us back to the 18th century .
If preserving the environment means stopping poor people flying so the rich can fly , then screw it . ”
" The meek may inherit the earth , but they will not have it for long " Credit : © 2015 Bloomberg Finance LP. / Simon Dawson
On Guardian readers : “ The chattering bloody classes , or what I call the liberal Guardian readers , they ’re all buying SUVs to drive around London .
I smile at these loons who drive their SUVs down to Sainsbury ’s and buy kiwi fruit from New Zealand .
They ’re flown in from New Zealand for Christ sakes .
They ’re the equivalent of environmental nuclear bombs ! ”
On protesters : “ The Swampies of this world are climbing up trees to protest about airlines and airports .
They should all get a job and get a ******* life . ”
On air marshals : “ Air marshals are a complete waste of time .
I ca n’t think of anything that would reduce security more than having a guy on board with a gun . ”
On a bomb scare in Scotland : “ The police force were outstanding in their field .
But all they did was stand in their field .
They kept passengers on board while they played with a suspect package for two and three quarter hours .
Extraordinary . ”
Telegraph logo
This video content is no longer available
To watch The Telegraph 's latest video content please visit youtube.com / telegraph
On free speech : " I upset a lot of people because I tell them what I think .
I 'm disrespectful towards what is perceived to be authority .
Like , I think the Prime Minister of Ireland is a gob*****. "
On politics : " I think the most influential person in Europe in the last 20 to 30 years has been Margaret Thatcher , who has left a lasting legacy that has driven us towards lower taxes and greater efficiency .
Without her we'd all be living in some French bloody unemployed republic . "
On the European Commission : " They are ******* Kim Il - Jungs ( sic ) in the Commission .
You cannot have civil servants trying to design rules that make everything a level playing field .
That 's called North ******* Korea , and everybody is starving there .
The EU are pursuing some form of communist ******* Valhalla . "
On EU Commissioner Neelie Kroes 's approval of an Alitalia / Air One merger : " She ' 'll be rolling over like a poodle having her tummy tickled and rubber - stamping the thing . "
On British Airways : " BA have got waterfalls in their head office .
The first thing I 'd do if I were in charge of BA is turn off the waterfalls .
The only time we have waterfalls in the Ryanair office is when the toilet leaks . "
On the British Airways / Iberia merger : " It reminds me of two drunks leaning on each other . "
On Sir Stelios Haji-Ioannou , founder of easyJet : " Those of us who sell the lowest fares just get on with it , and those who do not , write whingeing letters to newspapers . "
On intelligence : " easyJet are not the brightest sandwiches in the picnic basket . "
On Southwest Airlines : " We went to look at Southwest Airlines in the US .
It was like the road to Damascus .
This was the way to make Ryanair work .
I met with Herb Kelleher .
I passed out about midnight , and when I woke up again at about 3 am Kelleher was still there , the ******* , pouring himself another bourbon .
I thought I 'd pick his brains and come away with the Holy Grail .
The next day I could n't remember a thing . "
On Alitalia : " I would not want it if it were given to me as a present . "
To the boss of regional airline Aer Arann : " **** off back to Connemara where you come from ! "
On offering advice to other airlines ' bosses : " They can **** off and do their own work "
Yes , it ’s true .
Sources confirm that Kevin Bacon has joined Matthew Vaughn ’s X - Men : First Class cast .
Details of his role are being kept under wraps , but sources tell us he will play a villain , sparring against protagonists Charles Xavier , played by James McAvoy , and Magneto , Michael Fassbender ’s role .
It ’s not clear who Bacon ’s character is specifically , or how he ’ll figure into the X - Men universe , but it will be fun to watch .
Fox would n’t confirm the news that Deadline Hollywood first announced last week .
I ’m told no deals were signed then , but they are now .
Over the past five months , Firefox has seen a 40 % improvement in stability .
That ’s incredible !
While the Firefox development community continues to focus its efforts on stability and performance ( i.e. , 100 % improvement is still being strived for ) , we ’re proud to highlight the most recent numbers .
How did we calculate that 40 % improvement ?
We took a look at the Crash Reports data , along with an estimated ratio of daily crash instances to active daily users of Firefox .
With that data in hand , we first wanted to know how the number of daily crash instances has been trending by major version of Firefox , e.g. , is Fx3.6 particularly more stable than previous releases and what does its trending look like ?
The chart above looks amazing … and it brought us to the next question … rolling up major versions , what does the total universe of Firefox stability look like ?
Using the same numbers as seen above , we simply added them together to come up with the high - level metric – estimated ratio of daily crash instances to active daily users of Firefox .
The trend of the blue line below represents a 40 % reduction since early November .
Spectacular !
So , how exactly did this happen ?
As mentioned previously , improving Firefox stability was a top level objective of the Mozilla community during the last few months of 2009 .
That effort was led by a variety of folks across a wide breath of the community … people who saw the many complaints about crashes , collected the data , figured out what was causing the most pain , addressed those issues ( sometimes in code , sometimes by working with partners ) and saw product improvements .
And in addition to hitting a home run with Fx3.6 and reducing the crashiness of Fx3.5 , a majority of Firefox users quickly migrated to Fx3.6 … adding all that up drove what you see in the charts above .
What ’s next ?
There are still more improvements to come .
For example , with a significant percentage of crashes in Flash , a lot of work around stability improvement for Firefox users is currently going into Flash Player 10.1 .
If you ’re personally experiencing any crashiness issues when using Firefox , please make sure you ’re on the latest version of Firefox and feel free to use tools like bugzilla and hendrix to notify the community .
Jack Davenport was born in 1973 and is the son of actors Maria Aitken and Nigel Davenport .
He studied Literature and Film Studies at the University of East Anglia .
His first break happened after he wrote to John Cleese to ask to be a runner on Wilde Kreaturen ( 1997 ) where he ended up playing a zoo keeper .
His first major role however was that of ...
Haskell Rules : Embedding Rule Systems in Haskell
Version : June 2006
-- embed logical variables into a data structure data Type = TInt | TBool | TFun Type Type | TVar MVar -- wrap a pre-existing structure with logical variable , e.g. L [ a ] data L a = LV MVar | V a
We can devise rules that match the semantic rules for a given problem , such as type inference .
Below is an example that shows how to express the type checking rule for applications .
app ( env , ( App e1 e2 ) ) = do [ a , b ] .
Fun a b ( env , e2 ) .>. a return b
> infer ( [ ] :: Env , Lam " x " ( Var " x " ) ) [ Fun ( TVar ( MVar 2 ) ) ( TVar ( MVar 2 ) ) ]
To use the DSEL :
Download HaskellRules-jun06.tar.gz
Gunzip and untar the archive .
This will create a directory HaskellRules - jun06 .
Change to that directory .
. Change to that directory .
Start GHC and load an example file .
You must use GHC 6.2 or 6.4
If you are using GHC 6.2 , first read the file readme. txt for a small change to TypeGU.hs .
Note that you have to use the flag - fglasgow - exts .
ghci - fglasgow - exts TypeLam.hs
for a small change to .
Note that you have to use the flag .
Formulate queries .
For example ,
What is the type of the expression λ x . λ y . x y? * TypeLam > infer ( [ ] :: Env , Lam " x " ( Lam " y " ( App ( Var " x " ) ( Var " y " ) ) ) )
[ Fun ( Fun ( TVar ( MVar 5 ) ) ( TVar ( MVar 6 ) ) ) ( Fun ( TVar ( MVar 5 ) ) ( TVar ( MVar 6 ) ) ) ]
Further Information
Haskell Rules : Embedding Rule Systems in Haskell , Steve Kollmansberger and Martin Erwig , Draft Paper , June 2006
Contact
Perücken Hier finden
Sie eine große Auswahl an verschiedenen Perücken .
Egal ob Sie Ihrer Schaufensterpuppe einen neuen Look geben möchten , auf einer Party richtig Auffallen wollen , oder einfach nur Ihr eigenes Outfitt verändern möchten - hier werden Sie fündig :
Frauenperücken ab 8,99 €
Hier finden Sie eine große Auswahl an Perücken für Frauen .
Kinderperücken ab 9,99 €
Hier finden Sie eine große Auswahl an Perücken für Kinder .
Männerperücken ab 8,99 €
Hier finden Sie eine große Auswahl an Perücken für Männer .
Echthaarperücken Echthaarperücken ab 69,99 €
Echthaar Extensions ab 49,99 €
Hier finden Sie eine Auswahl an Echthaarperücken .
Wir bieten sowohl handgeknüpfte Echhaar Perücken sowie maschinell hergestellte Perücken aus Echtaar an .
Abrechnung mit Ihrer Krankenkasse über uns möglich .
Extensions Clip in Extensions ab 9,99 €
Hier finden
Sie eine große Auswahl an Extensions ( Echthaarextensions und Clip in Extensions aus Kanekalon
Karneval Perücken ab 8,99 €
Hier finden Sie eine große Auswahl an Perücken für Karneval .
Jetzt einfach online Ihre Karneval Perücke bestellen - schneller Versand , große Auswahl und super Preise .
Frauenperücken ab 8,99 €
Hier finden Sie eine große Auswahl an Perücken für Frauen .
Kinderperücken ab 9,99 €
Hier finden Sie eine große Auswahl an Perücken für Kinder .
Männerperücken ab 8,99 €
Hier finden Sie eine große Auswahl an Perücken für Männer .
Echthaarperücken Echthaarperücken ab 69,99 €
Echthaar Extensions ab 49,99 €
Hier finden Sie eine Auswahl an Echthaarperücken .
Wir bieten sowohl handgeknüpfte Echhaar Perücken sowie maschinell hergestellte Perücken aus Echtaar an .
Abrechnung mit Ihrer Krankenkasse über uns möglich .
Extensions Clip in Extensions ab 9,99 €
Hier finden
Sie eine große Auswahl an Extensions ( Echthaarextensions und Clip in Extensions aus Kanekalon
Karneval Perücken ab 8,99 €
Hier finden Sie eine große Auswahl an Perücken für Karneval .
Jetzt einfach online Ihre Karneval Perücke bestellen - schneller Versand , große Auswahl und super Preise .
Haare haben unterschiedliche Bedeutungen .
Einerseits rasieren wir sie als lästige Anhängsel sorgfältig ab , andere werden als körperliche Attraktion gepflegt : Vor allem Kopfhaare sind Ausdruck von Persönlichkeit und Stil .
Dementsprechend lassen wir uns immer wieder neue Frisuren schneiden , färben lange wie kurze Haare und nutzen Pflegemittel , Lockenstab und Föhn .
Für alle , die davon nicht profitieren können , stellt sich die Frage nach Perücken - für Männer wie Frauen .
Hochwertige Perücken lassen sich vielfältig einsetzen .
Da Haare für uns so bedeutsam sind , ist es kein Wunder , dass wir noch kreativer werden und uns zu bestimmten Anlässen neu erfinden .
Ein Kostümball , Fasching oder eine Themenparty sind die perfekten Momente , über den Kauf von Perücken nachzudenken .
Unter www.kreativgewerbe.de finden sich mehr als 1.300 Modelle , die keine Wünsche offenlassen .
Hochwertige Materialien der Perücken
Kanekalon ist eine hochwertige und robuste Kunstfaser , die weder schmilzt noch leicht entflammbar ist .
Es ist widerstandsfähig gegenüber Lösungen , Säuren und hält mechanischen Reizen lange stand .
Diese Eigenschaften machen die Kunstfasern zu einem optimalen Kandidaten für alle Arten von Kunsthaarperücken .
Alternativ wird Echthaar verwendet , das in der Regel aus Indien und China kommt .
Mitteleuropäer zerstören ihre Haarstruktur durch zu aufwendige Behandlungen , sei es privat oder beim Friseur , und machen ihr Haar damit als Material für Echthaarperücken unbrauchbar .
Das Echthaar wird einer aufwendigen Prozedur unterzogen , bis es zur Verarbeitung bereitsteht .
Geschnitten , gefärbt und in Form gebracht entstehen aus beiden Faserarten ganze Perücken , Toupets beziehungsweise Haarteile oder Extensions für typische wie ausgefallene Männer - , Frauen - und Kinderfrisuren .
Wer bin ich heute ?
Anlässe für das Tragen von Kanekalonperücken finden sich jederzeit .
Das derzeit sehr angesagte Cosplay , die Verkleidungsveranstaltungen meist junger Leute , erfordern immer wieder neue Karnevalsperücken , die zu den teils sehr aufwendig gestalteten Kostümen passen sollen .
Da hier die Themengebiete durch den großen Fantasymarkt fast endlos sind , ist der Bedarf an entsprechend ausgefallenen und authentischen Faschingsperücken besonders groß .
Ob Harry Potter oder japanische Mangafiguren , der Markt ist unübersehbar groß .
Entsprechend finden sich bei www.kreativgewerbe.de nicht nur alle Arten von schicken Echthaar - Perücken für den Alltag , sondern ebenso für Frauen weißes , glattes Langhaar oder rot-schwarze Mähnen ; Männer freuen sich über die weiße Langhaarfrisur mit passendem langen Bart .
Schöne Perücke über schicker Wäsche
Die Perückenvielfalt dient natürlich auch Schaufensterpuppen für ein immer neues Aussehen .
Sie sollen die Kleidung , die ihnen angepasst wird , in der bestmöglichen Form zur Geltung bringen .
Die begrenzte Anzahl an Puppen erlaubt mithilfe der Polyesterperücken eine neue Kreativität - selbstverständlich wirkt das rote Kleid an einer schwarzhaarigen Schönheit viel besser als an einer rothaarigen .
Oder wie wäre es je nach Kleidung mit einer bezaubernden und sehr femininen Frisur , die an das Rokoko angelehnt ist ?
Der Haarwechsel geht schnell und unproblematisch vor sich .
Statt zusätzlicher Schaufensterpuppen nehmen die Perücken aus Kunsthaar zudem bedeutend weniger Lagerplatz weg .
Neue Perücke zum Feiern und Spielen
Bälle und Partys werden zudem oft unter einem bestimmten Motto arrangiert .
Doch nicht jede
Frau kann mit den blonden langen Haaren einer Schönheitskönigin oder eines Alpenmädchens punkten ; nicht jeder Mann bekommt die Elvistolle mit seinen Haaren hin - doch ein Griff zur Perücke macht die gewünschte Verwandlung im Handumdrehen möglich .
Echthaarperücken kommen beispielsweise im Theater zum Einsatz .
Wird es hier komisch , ironisch oder burlesk , sind die überzeichneten Frisuren aus Kunsthaar ebenso gefragt .
Retro , Mittelalter , Richter - oder Hippiekopf benötigen jeweils andere Modelle , die bei www.kreativgewerbe.de preisgünstig eingekauft werden können .
Den Alltag meistern
Wer eine Echthaarperücke aus medizinischen Gründen benötigt , kann ebenso bei www.kreativgewerbe.de bestellen : Die Abrechnung mit der Krankenkasse geht schnell und problemlos .
Frauen wie Männer greifen gern auf das reichhaltige Angebot zu günstigen Preisen zurück , wenn durch genetische Disposition oder Krankheitsursachen die Haare dünner werden beziehungsweise kahle Stellen entstehen .
Sowohl maschinell hergestellte als auch handgeknüpfte Echthaarperücken stehen zur Auswahl .
The Russian ring charged this week with spying on the United States faced some of the common security problems that plague many companies -- misconfigured wireless networks , users writing passwords on slips of paper and laptop help desk issues that take months to resolve .
In addition , the alleged conspirators used a range of technologies to pass data among themselves and back to their handlers in Moscow including PC - to - PC open wireless networking and digital steganography to hide messages and retrieve them from images on Web sites .
They also employed more traditional methods including invisible ink , Morse Code and ciphers , according to assertions made by federal agents in court papers seeking arrest warrants for the suspected spies .
The history of steganography
One of the most glaring errors made by one of the spy defendants was leaving an imposing 27 - character password written on a piece of paper that law enforcement officers found while searching a suspect 's home .
They used the password to crack open a treasure trove of more than 100 text files containing covert messages used to further the investigation .
" [ T ] he paper said " alt , " " control " and set forth a string of 27 characters , " the court documents say .
" Using these 27 characters as a password , technicians have been able successfully to access a software program ( " Steganography Program " ) stored on those copies of the Password - Protected Disks that were recovered … "
This sticky - note problem is common , says John Pironti , president of IP Architects , a security consulting firm .
" Humans do n't really do well remembering passwords beyond six characters , so they write them down someplace , " he says .
The real mistake was thinking that the home was secure enough to leave the password lying around .
Pironti says the use of steganography is also common , taking data and subtly inserting it into images so the changes are n't very noticeable to the naked eye .
One notable aspect was that the steganography program used by the Russians is not commercially available , he says .
Without the program and without knowing what images might contain messages , it would have been nearly impossible to find the messages , Pironti says .
But a computer hard drive copied during one of the searches revealed a store of Web sites that agents visited and from which they downloaded images .
Running the steganography program on some of those images revealed text files .
A Boston search yielded a hard drive that contained what investigators believe are drafts of messages to be embedded in images .
The messages had been deleted , but investigators were able to recover them .
Some of the communications federal agents gathered indicate the spies were n't comfortable with the technology .
One message shows a suspected spy trying to figure out how to embed a message in an image , and an audio recording inside one suspects home picked up a voice saying , " Can we attach two files containing messages or not ?
Let 's say four pictures … "
The spy ring had numerous technical problems , including file transfers that hung and would n't go through and difficulty replacing laptops when necessary .
In one case , an agent was so frustrated by laptop issues that she unwittingly turned it over to an undercover FBI agent .
In another case , replacing a laptop took more than two months .
A suspect bought an Asus Eee PC 1005HA - P netbook , flew with it to Rome , picked up a passport in another name , flew on to Moscow and returned with it -- a process that took from January this year to March .
Presumably Moscow headquarters configured the device .
I ’m recovering from the end of the semester .
I ’m looking forward to a return to regular blogging .
I ’ll start writing about the end of the semester .
I decided to have some fun with my stochastic processes final this semester and to write questions about werewolves and Star Wars ( I was inspired by Tallys Yunes ’s vampire network flow ) .
I ’ll be honest , I think that I had more fun with this than did my students .
The werewolf question :
The werewolf population in the Richmond area can be modeled as a linear growth birth and death process .
Each werewolf independently reproduces at a rate of lambda = 0.15 werewolves / year and is killed by vampires at a rate of mu = 0.1 / year .
If the population started with a pack of three werewolves in the year 1860 , find the average size of the werewolf population today ( 150 years later ) .
The Star Wars question ( pre-Episode IV ) : Suppose that every month , Darth Vader organizes a gathering on the Death Star to build morale and promote bonding among the Storm Troopers .
The Storm Troopers ’ attendance at the gatherings is represented by a Markov chain .
Given that a Storm Trooper has attended the last gathering ( state 0 ) , they go to the next gathering with probability p 0 .
In general , given that they last attended the kth prior gathering , they go to the next gathering with probability p k , with 0 < p k < 1 , k = 0,1,2,3,4 .
Storm Troopers are required to attend a gathering every six months , and hence , given that they last attended the 5th prior gathering , they go to the next gathering with probability 1 ( p 5 = 1 ) .
a. Define the Markov chain for this problem , specify the classes , and determine whether they are recurrent or transient .
b . What is the cumulative density function representing the number of months until a Storm Trooper first returns to the gathering ( i.e. , the first return to state 0 ) ?
Assume that they have just attended a gathering ( i.e. , they start in state 0 ) .
b . In the long run , what is the proportion of Storm Troopers that have attended one of the last three gatherings ?
Related post :
Kudos to you if you find the correct solutions !
As part of its regular Patch Tuesday , Microsoft released an update for its various toolbars , and this update came with more than just documented fixes .
The update also installs an add - on for Internet Explorer and an extension for Mozilla Firefox , both without the user 's permission .
As you can see in the Windows Update screenshot above , Microsoft does not indicate that the update will install anything for either browser .
It 's also not really clear what the installed extension actually does .
To make matters worse , the update was marked " Important " instead of " Optional , " which means it was more likely to be installed either automatically ( if the user has Automatic Updates on ) or manually when the user clicks Install ( Important updates are checked by default ) .
The Microsoft Support page for this update , KB982217 , describes the issues the update supposedly fixes : " In an Internet browser , you specify a homepage that is not a fully qualified URL .
However , Windows Live Toolbar , MSN Toolbar , or Bing Bar may not categorize your homepage correctly .
Therefore , the homepage reporting may be generated incorrectly for users who select the Help improve our services option when they install these toolbars . "
The Bing Bar , which has replaced both the Windows Live Toolbar and the MSN toolbar , is available for both Internet Explorer and Firefox , which is why we assume that only these two browsers are tampered with .
Still , the KB article does not mention an add - on or an extension being installed or updated .
Since we could not find any official documentation from Microsoft , we checked the actual IE add - on and Firefox extension .
Unfortunately , they were not terribly helpful ; all we discovered was that the IE add - on is at version 3.0.126.0 , so it has been around for a while , and that the Firefox extension is at version 1.0 , so it 's likely it was only released now .
Both seem to be installed in " C: Program FilesMicrosoftSearch Enhancement PackSearch Helper . "
Inside , there is a file called " SEPsearchhelperie.dll " that is responsible for the IE add - on and a " firefoxextension " folder responsible for Firefox .
The update can't be uninstalled , but deleting these files works just fine .
Users started reporting this issue yesterday on the MozillaZine forums in the Firefox Support section .
The Firefox users ran Windows Update and , after they restarted Firefox , they noticed that the Extensions window had opened up and was showing a new resident : Search Helper Extension .
IE users likely did not notice the update because the browser does not check on launch to see if new add - ons are installed .
At the time of writing , the thread in question only had 14 posts , but we verified that the extension is indeed installed :
On one of our Windows systems , we had the Windows Live Toolbar installed for Internet Explorer but not for Firefox .
Nevertheless , installing this update added the add - on / extension to both browsers without telling us that it would do so .
On our second system , we had the Bing Bar installed for Internet Explorer , but it was disabled .
Firefox was not installed .
This system already had the update in question , so we decided to install Firefox .
Not only was the Bing Bar extension present upon Firefox 's first launch , but so was the Search Helper Extension .
Additional testing determined that the update is only being offered to those with one of the Microsoft toolbars installed , regardless of whether they are enabled or disabled .
It 's unknown how many users fall into that scenario , but the toolbars often come bundled with new PCs and popular Microsoft downloads .
The worst part of this issue is that Microsoft does not seem to be aware of it : a Microsoft spokesperson simply pointed us to the aforementioned Microsoft Support page that inaccurately describes the update .
We asked the company for an explanation of why the extension was installed and what it does , and eventually got a reply .
Mozilla responded to our inquiries regarding possible security concerns .
" We 're in contact with Microsoft , and are looking into it , " a Mozilla spokesperson told Ars .
" As far as we know at this time , there are no security implications to this add - on's background installation . "
Hoy no hay límite de tiempo para hacer una tesis doctoral en España .
La media , desde el inicio de los cursos hasta la entrega de la tesis , es de seis años .
Con la nueva regulación que prepara el Ministerio de Educación , será obligado completar el doctorado en tres años , si se cursa a tiempo completo , o en cinco , si hace a tiempo parcial .
Ambas opciones podrán tener hasta dos prórrogas ( dos años para los de dedicación completa , tres , para los de dedicación parcial ) que tendría que autorizar una comisión académica de la Universidad .
El real decreto que prepara el Ministerio de Educación , aún en fase de debate , completará la normativa de adaptación de los estudios universitarios españoles al espacio europeo de educación superior , conocido como el plan Bolonia .
Los objetivos , aparte de intentar que no se eternice la elaboración de las tesis - " No tiene sentido presentar una tesis 20 años después de completado el periodo formativo " , dice el vicerrector de Doctorado de la Complutense , Manuel Rodríguez - , son fomentar la internacionalización ( por eso se valorará especialmente la movilidad ) , y la coordinación , para lo que se crean las escuelas de doctorado que deberán ir ligadas a la estrategia de investigación de cada universidad , explica Juan José Moreno , director general de Política Universitaria de Educación .
Es decir , se trata de que las tesis no vayan cada una por su cuenta , sino que estén enfocadas en una dirección dentro de la estrategia global de las Universidades .
El modelo exige tiempos razonables , internacionalización y coordinación
El ministerio dice : " Hay que formar a quienes liderarán el cambio económico "
Las escuelas doctorales , recogidas en la ley de la Ciencia y explicitadas en este futuro real decreto , las podrán crear una o varias universidades , y podrán contar con la colaboración de institutos de investigación , hospitales o empresas de base tecnológica , españolas o internacionales , para que , además de potenciar cada universidad sus propias fortalezas , la investigación esté más ligada a las necesidades de cada entorno , y se fomenten las salidas laborales de los doctorados .
" Este país necesita formar bien a las personas que pueden liderar el cambio de modelo económico .
Ahora , solo el 15 % de los doctores trabajan en el sector privado ; tenemos que convencer a las empresas de que tienen que incorporar a más doctores " , dice Moreno .
El ministerio tiene previsto destinar nueve millones de euros de los presupuestos del próximo año para crear este tipo de escuelas .
Entre las dificultades del nuevo modelo están la de la financiación de estas enseñanzas , que también puede afectar a los objetivos de movilidad , y la reducción del número de años para completar las tesis , según las conclusiones del foro de expertos organizado el año pasado por la Agencia de Calidad de las Universidades ( Aneca ) .
Además , desde CC OO reclaman que quede más claro en la normativa que las escuelas de doctorado deben depender y estar controladas por universidades ( sean públicas o privadas ) .
El sindicato FETE - UGT decía en un comunicado del pasado mayo : " No tenemos nada claro que creando una estructura de este tipo los resultados finales sean mucho más eficaces [... ] ; es más , ya hay ejemplos de escuelas de doctorado y/o de posgrado que no han servido para una mayor calidad del doctorado , sí para un gasto más en estructura de cargos académicos y administrativa " .
Aún no está claro qué modelo de escuela seguirá cada universidad .
" Lo más probable es que las pequeñas tengan una sola escuela y las grandes varias , dividas por áreas de conocimiento , pero queremos debatirlo con las universidades ; el próximo octubre organizaremos un congreso en Valencia para hacerlo " , dice Moreno .
El director de esas escuelas deberá ser un investigador de reconocido prestigio .
Para acceder al doctorado , con la adaptación a Bolonia , los alumnos ya tienen que tener antes un título oficial de máster .
Estos pueden estar especialmente enfocados a la investigación o a la especialización profesional .
Si se cursan estos últimos , lo más lógico es que durante el doctorado haya que hacer algunos cursos complementarios de investigación .
Esta fórmula de acceso ya está en vigor .
Ahora , el esquema de los doctorados es más flexible en la organización formativa y la investigación , pero tienen que ser aprobados y luego regularmente revisados por el Gobierno a través de las agencias de evaluación .
Según la futura norma , a cada doctorando se le asignará un tutor a su llegada al programa , y , a los seis meses , un director de tesis ( que pueden coincidir o no ) .
Cada investigador en formación tendrá un registro de actividades personalizado que se entregará al tribunal que valore su tesis .
Antes de que termine el primer año , el doctorando tendrá que presentar su plan de investigación que deberán aprobar tutor y director para poder continuar .
Al final , deberá presentar la tesis sobre " una investigación original " a un tribunal en el que la mayoría de sus miembros debe ser de una universidad distinta de la que organiza el programa de doctorado .
Solo habrá tres calificaciones posibles : no apto , apto y cum laude ( se eliminan el bien y el notable ) .
Vaivenes , proyectos piloto y excelencias " Yo lo que pediría es que dejaran tranquilo de una vez el Boletín Oficial del Estado y nos dejasen a las universidades trabajar " .
El vicerrector de Doctorado de la Universidad Complutense de Madrid , Manuel Rodríguez , se queja de que en los últimos cinco años el doctorado ha sufrido en España al menos cuatro cambios legislativos importantes .
Nunca se sabe , pero parece que por fin llega el definitivo con el real decreto que está ultimando Educación .
De momento , las universidades van echando sus cuentas y poniéndose en marcha .
En el caso de la Complutense , dado su volumen de estudiantes de doctorado - unos 10.000 en 2008 , el doble de la universidad que le sigue , la Politécnica de Cata - luña - " lo lógico sería probablemente hacer escuelas en cada centro " , dice Rodríguez , pese a que , con todo , " se perdería un poco la idea de integración " que se busca con el nuevo esquema .
En la Politécnica de Cataluña ya ha arrancado este año un proyecto piloto de escuela de doctorado .
Se ha dividido en cinco áreas : Ingeniería Industrial , Ingeniería Civil , Ingeniería de Telecomunicaciones , Ciencias y Arquitectura .
Estas escuelas están muy vinculadas a la idea de la excelencia , a la potenciación de las fortalezas de cada universidad .
De hecho , muchos de los proyectos presentados al programa de Campus de Excelencia contemplan la creación de estas escuelas .
Es el caso del proyecto diseñado por las universidades públicas de Navarra , La Rioja , Zaragoza y Lleida .
Se desarrollarían másteres enfocados a la investigación y programas de doctorado con profesorado internacional dentro de las líneas del proyecto : Energía sostenible , Tecnología al servicio de la salud , Alimentación y nutrición y Conservación patrimonio- cultural .
Así lo explica el vicerrector de Planificación y Calidad de La Rioja , Rodolfo Salinas .
El vicerrector habla de varios niveles de doctorado .
Además de la escuela conjunta ( aún en una fase embrionaria ) , La Rioja podría crear otra para fomentar sus puntos fuertes en campos en los que puede convertirse en referencia , como por ejemplo , la enología o la viticultura .
Y finalmente , estarían el resto de doctorados que seguiría ofreciendo cada centro o facultad .
El reto sería , dice , fomentar esas fortalezas sin devaluar el resto de la oferta .
Image caption
The new hub will focus on environmental monitoring
Science minister David Willetts has announced a new UK centre for monitoring the Earth from space .
The Earth observation hub will focus on acquiring environmental data , such as information on deforestation and the impact of climate change .
The hub will be based at the International Space Innovation Centre ( ISIC ) at Harwell in Oxfordshire , which will open in April 2011 .
The aim is to bring together UK expertise in Earth observation .
The hub will also be used as a flight operations centre for controlling satellites .
In addition , it will develop the expertise to analyse environmental information coming from space , helping scientists learn more about how the planet is being affected by climate change .
Tracking pollution
Professor Alan O'Neill , director of the National Centre for Earth Observation , said : " By bringing together the best of our space science base with industrial researchers , we hope to develop a wide range of applications .
" These include global monitoring of deforestation , concentration of greenhouse gasses , and levels of marine pollution . "
Up to 40 scientists will be based at the centre .
Many of them will be involved in gathering and presenting the vast amounts of information coming from environmental satellites .
The data will be made available to scientists across the world and to the public .
Details of the hub were announced by the Science Minister David Willetts in a speech on Wednesday morning at the Farnborough Air Show .
He said that the centre would not become a " centralising force " ; rather , it would serve as a hub to link regional space capabilities and promote knowledge - sharing between academia and industry .
Mr Willetts ' said in his speech : " ISIC will operate at arm 's length from the UK Space Agency so that it becomes a common facility within the Harwell campus .
" And at Harwell , the new European Space Agency facility is already working well , especially in climate change science and related applications .
" Soon it will have an incubator for new space businesses and work on space exploration .
This is a fantastic additional catalyst for UK space . "
Bangladesh ended its ban on Facebook today after the social networking company agreed to block access to the images that the government deemed offensive , according to the AFP .
Depending on which region 's news outlets you trust , the ban was imposed either because of " obnoxious " images of prominent Bangladeshi politicians , a user - hosted Facebook group that encouraged members to participate in a competition to draw the Prophet Muhammad , or both .
Many Muslims deem any visual depiction of Muhammad to be blasphemous .
As we predicted , Facebook blocked access to the controversial images for users within Bangladesh , but they remain accessible for users in other countries — except Pakistan , which had also blocked Facebook access but restored it earlier this week for the same reason .
One man was arrested in Bangladesh over the political cartoons , but the Muhammad contest group originated outside of Bangladesh .
Bangladesh's one million Facebook users will be relieved to have access to the majority of the social network restored ; protests were organized after it was first blocked .
For more social media coverage , follow Mashable Social Media on Twitter or become a fan on Facebook
Image Copyleft by Carlos Latuff
Passengers of ‘ Rachel Corrie ’ reject Israel - Ireland deal
By Barak Ravid and Haaretz Service
Irish government offers MV Rachel Corrie ship to divert to Israeli port of Ashdod instead of Gaza ; Foreign Ministry : Israel does n’t want a confrontation with the Gaza - bound ship .
Passengers on board the MV Rachel Corrie ship have rejected a proposed agreement made between the Israeli and Irish governments to divert the ship to the Israeli port of Ashdod instead of the coast of Gaza .
Following the passengers ’ rejection of the agreement , the forum of seven high ranking ministers decided to go ahead with the plan to stop the ship and take it over , as was done with the previous Gaza flotilla .
Over the last few days the Foreign Ministry has been trying to come to a diplomatic solution with the organizers of the ship , under the Irish government ’s mediation .
During negotiations , the ship ’s passengers emphasized that they were willing to undergo a security check by the Israel Defense Forces in the ocean to verify there were no weapons on the ship , but demanded they then be allowed to pass to the coast of Gaza .
Israel refused , and demanded the security check take place in the Ashdod port and that the ship ’s cargo would be transferred from there to the Gaza Strip , under the supervision of passengers and Irish diplomats .
Ireland ’s Minister for Foreign Affairs , Micheal Martin , issued a statement on Friday on the failed agreement .
“ On Friday morning , an understanding was reached with the Israeli government whereby the Rachel Corrie would have approached the Israeli exclusion zone before accepting diversion to the Israeli port of Ashdod .
At Ashdod , the cargo would have been unloaded and inspected under the supervision of UN and officials from the Irish Aid Division of my Department .
“ The entire cargo , including what is understood to be 550 tonnes of cement , would then have been transported to Gaza .
Two persons from the Rachel Corrie would have been permitted to accompany the cargo to the Israeli border crossing into Gaza at Erez .
“ In my view , such an arrangement would have offered a useful precedent for future humanitarian shipments , pending the complete lifting of the blockade , ” he said .
Martin then said that those on board the MV Rachel Corrie , “ after careful consideration , ” rejected the agreement , and emphasized that he “ fully respects their right to do so and to continue their protest action by seeking to sail to Gaza . ”
He also called on Israel to refrain from using force on the passengers of the Rachel Corrie ship .
“ If , as is their stated intention , the Israeli government intercepts the Rachel Corrie , the Government demands that it demonstrate every restraint .
Those on board the Rachel Corrie have made clear their peaceful intentions and have stated that they will offer no resistance to Israeli forces .
Based on these assurances , there can be no justification for the use of force against any person on board the Rachel Corrie . ”
Israel ’s Foreign Ministry issued a statement on Friday emphasizing that Israel does not want a confrontation with the Gaza - bound ship the MV Rachel Corrie .
“ We have no desire for a confrontation .
We have no desire to board the ship .
If the ship decides to sail the port of Ashdod , then we will ensure its safe arrival and will not board it , ” said the Foreign Ministry Director - General Yossi Gal .
The MV Rachel Corrie is headed directly for the Gaza Strip with hundreds of tons of humanitarian aid and is expected reach Israel ’s 20 - mile exclusion zone within the next day , a spokesman for the pro-Palestinian group organizing the mission said on Friday .
“ Israel is prepared to receive the ship and to offload its contents .
After an inspection to ensure that no weapons and war materials are on board , we are prepared to deliver all of the goods to Gaza , ” the Foreign Ministry ’s statement read .
“ Representative of the people on board and relevant NGOs are welcome to accompany the goods to the crossings .
We will work with the UN and international organizations to ensure that all the goods are used for the benefit of the people of Gaza . ”
The Foreign Ministry ’s statement was issued following a discussion between the ministers of the forum of seven on Friday afternoon in Jerusalem .
The statement seems to hint that Israel ’s attempts at coming to a resolution with the ship ’s passengers have reached a dead end .
According to a government source in Jerusalem , Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu instructed the foreign ministry ’s director - general Yossi Gal to invite the foreign press and to issue the statement , in order to make Israel ’s stance perfectly clear to the ship ’s passengers and to the international community .
The MV Rachel Corrie had initially planned to reach the Gaza Strip sometime this week , despite an Israel Navy raid on the first six ships in the humanitarian aid convoy on Monday that left nine people dead and several more wounded .
Despite reports that the 1,200 - ton ship was heading back to Ireland due to technical difficulties involving its two accompanying vessels , Free Gaza Movement spokeswoman Greta Berlin said the ship was on schedule and had no plans to stop in any port along the way .
Free Gaza ’s legal adviser , Audrey Bomse , earlier Friday said that the ship was planning to return to Ireland in the coming days due to Israel ’s “ sabotage ” of the two passenger boats meant to carry journalists .
Bomse told Army Radio that the vessels sustained such serious technical damage while docked in Greece last weekend that they would not be able to sail for weeks .
Bomse was quoted by Army Radio on Friday as saying that the ship would only attempt to breach the Gaza blockade once accompanied by the two passenger vessels .
She also said that the activists would refuse any diplomatic solution offered by Israel .
The legal adviser reportedly told Army Radio that her movement ’s goal was not just to bring aid to Gaza , but to send a message to Israel .
Activists would not stop sending these ship to Gaza until Israel agree to lift its blockade , the radio quoted Bomse as saying .
The Rachel Corrie ’s trip to Gaza is sponsored by two non-governmental organizations , from Ireland and Malaysia .
On board is Irish Nobel Peace Prize laureate Mairead Maguire and former United Nations deputy secretary - general Denis Halliday .
Also on board are Malaysians from a group sponsored by the former prime minister of Malaysia .
The ship was to have been part of the flotilla that was stopped at sea early Monday morning , but was delayed due to the technical problems .
Its cargo includes cement and medical equipment such as a tomograph ( CT ) , as well as toys and printing paper .
Source
A man arrested Oklahoma City police told families in a grocery store parking lot he wanted to rape their children , according to a police report released today .
Andre Lashun Holloway , 33 , remains at the Oklahoma County jail today without bail , jail records show .
He was booked Thursday on a complaint of lewd or indecent proposals to minors and two outstanding warrants but has not been formally charged in the incident .
Officers were called to the Buy For Less at Northwest Expressway and Council Road about 7:35 p.m.
Thursday when witnesses reported Holloway was in the parking lot approaching families , the report states .
One witness said Holloway looked at her and said , " You 're going to be in trouble when I rape your daughter , " and that another man saw what was happening and told her Holloway made similar comments to him and his daughter .
Police arrested Holloway and took him to jail , and one of the arresting officers returned to the jail about 30 minutes later , according to the report .
The female officer heard Holloway talking about the incident and making lewd comments about her and a woman waiting to be booked into the jail .
Above : Fashion icon
But in the realm of videogame t- shirts , you should trust me above all others , as I ’ve probably spent more on gaming shirts in the last three years than you have on Wii games .
But I do n’t just buy any old shirt ; no , I have very discerning eye for this type of thing , one honed by years of practice and hundreds of dollars .
Now I ’m going to share some of that knowledge with you , via this collection of gaming shirts that you simply must never wear .
If you currently do wear any of these , please take them off .
You look like an asshole wearing them .
One of the first rules of game shirts is , with virtually no exception , never , ever have words on your shirt .
It ’s allowed for the logo of the game it represents , or if the shirt is of a direct screen pull from the game and said screen only has the words that were there to begin with .
Outside of that , all words are verboten .
If you want a funny shirt , the image itself should be good enough to get a chuckle .
If it needs words to further explain why something is funny , then the joke was n’t that good to begin with , and will get old to your pals even faster .
See those shitty puns and plays on common sayings above ?
Even if those are maybe funny once , imagine seeing that once a week for months , either at school or in the office .
The joke has long since passed , and now the wearer looks like a hacky comedian who tells the same joke every time you see him .
And with several of those shirts above , would n’t they be a better expression of love for a specific game if it were just the image ?
Even if something is funny the first time , it gets increasingly old the more times you see it .
And that ’s even more true for jokes that show up on multiple shirts , like the following :
Above :
This is how people roll ... their eyes ...
AT YOU
These compound the problem of the previous section .
Not only are these shirts covered in dopey puns that only get lamer with time , but now people will have seen that saying on so many other shirts , the “ joke ” wo n’t even work the first time you wear it .
The pun has already been used , recycled and ripped - off to the point of irrelevance .
Brazilian media have reported that Ronaldinho has agreed to return home with Flamengo .
Report claims Milan star has agreed to Flamengo move
Meeting confirmed
Brazilian media have reported that Ronaldinho has agreed to leave AC Milan and return home with Flamengo .
Thewebsite claimed on Tuesday that the Brazilian star has verbally accepted an offer to join Flamengo and is waiting for authorization from Milan to complete the deal .
The six - time Brazilian champions are currently in talks with the Italian giants to secure his release as the 30 - year - old still has a year left on the three - year contract he signed with Milan when joining from Barcelona in July 2008 .
Flamengo president Patricia Amorim has confirmed she met with the former Paris St Germain and Gremio forward in the past few days but no official details have been released .
A two - time Fifa player of the year , Ronaldinho scored 12 goals in 34 Serie A starts for Milan last season but missed out on a place in Brazil 's final World Cup squad .
The Porto Alegre - born star is currently spending his summer break in Rio de Janeiro , where Flamengo are based .
Ronaldinho helped Brazil win the 2002 World Cup and has scored 32 goals in 87 international appearances .
He also won two La Liga titles and the Champions League in his five years at Barcelona .
SENIOR OFFICIALS in Government departments and the Health Service Executive took part in foreign trips funded by a controversial staff - training programme which is the subject of a Garda investigation .
The HSE ’s skills programme was aimed at upskilling support staff and line managers across the health service in non-clinical services such as catering , housekeeping and portering .
However , a confidential internal audit carried out by the HSE raised concerns about weaknesses in governance and the control of funds disbursed in respect of the programme .
In particular , the audit said that payments of € 2.3 million had been made over the period of 2002 to 2009 to “ one organisation ” which were not accompanied by adequate supporting documentation .
The HSE ’s annual report , published yesterday , said the audit report had been referred to the Garda .
The departments of Health and Finance , as well as the HSE , yesterday confirmed that officials took part in foreign trips associated with the programme .
The Department of Health said a small number of senior officials participated in “ study visits ” associated with the skills programme to overseas healthcare systems .
It said one of its officials met the HSE ’s internal auditors and provided them with full details of his participation in study visits to health systems in the US .
The department pointed out that it had no involvement in planning and managing these foreign travel arrangements .
The Department of Finance also confirmed that a mid-ranking official , who has since retired , participated in a number of foreign trips associated with the skills programme .
A spokesman said a limited amount of departmental expenditure was sanctioned in relation to these trips , as the majority of the costs were being covered by the skills programme .
A spokesman for the HSE also confirmed last night that some staff in the organisation had taken part in foreign trips associated with the skills programme .
Yesterday the chief executive of the HSE , Prof Brendan Drumm , said he was concerned about where the € 2.3 million may have potentially ended up .
Asked about the money , which formed part of the overall € 60 million allocation by the exchequer to the skills programme , he said the € 2.3 million had “ moved between the Government and a trade union and had been channelled through the HSE ” .
He later identified the trade union concerned as Siptu .
He said that he could “ give no good answer ” as to what the money was used for and to why it was channelled through the HSE .
Last night Siptu said again that it has not received from the Department of Health or the HSE any of the € 2.3 million in payments to which he referred .
It said that an official of the union was the subject of internal inquiries on foot of information Siptu had received from the HSE .
It said it had sought a copy of the HSE audit report but had not received any response to that request .
“ The national officers of the union intend to complete these inquiries as quickly as possible .
In order to complete this process a comprehensive reply to our request for details of its audit is required from the HSE , ” Siptu said in a statement .
The Department of Health last night confirmed that over € 2 million , or an average of about € 250,000 per annum , had been paid to Siptu as part of a strand of the skills programme .
The money was used to maintain support for Siptu human resources and personnel development schemes and the development of union / manage - ment partnerships of best practice in health enterprises .
The money was paid to a section of Siptu .
A formal Garda investigation has begun .
The Australian Defence Force ( ADF ) has rejected claims troops have been issued with defective combat clothing and equipment that expose them to unnecessary risks .
The allegations in The Sydney Morning Herald concern the acquisition process within Defence , also claiming the Army has not dealt with soldiers ' concerns .
The newspaper report said infantry soldiers say they cannot fit ammunition magazines into the pouches designed to carry them and there were problems with faulty buckles and quick - release mechanisms on body armour .
Defence , in responding to the report , said all personnel , including combat troops in Afghanistan and Iraq , were issued with " safe , fit - for - purpose and high - quality " clothing and equipment .
" I want to reassure our soldiers , their families and the Australian public , that the inferences in this article are not accurate , " Chief of Army Lieutenant General Ken Gillespie said .
" Indeed in nearly a decade of warfighting our training and our equipment have protected our people and saved many lives .
General Gillespie and Defence Materiel Organisation chief executive Dr Stephen Gumley also say claims that hundreds of complaints by soldiers about their gear have not been acted on by the Defence bureaucracy are unfounded .
" All soldiers have the ability to report on their equipment , and from January 2007 there have been 59 reports on defective or unsatisfactory materiel ( RODUMs ) on personal combat equipment , including load carriage equipment , body armour and boots from the Middle East area of operations , " Dr Gumley said .
" Contrary to today 's article , all of these have been acted upon . "
Defence was trialling a lighter protective armour ballistic plate , as recommended by a specially convened Army battle - worthiness board .
" [ This ] shows Defence is both responsive to and treats seriously issues raised by our deployed soldiers , " General Gillespie said .
Dr Gumley said the provision of safe and effective equipment and clothing was the highest priority and soldiers were able to raise equipment concerns through a well - established reporting process .
" Where issues are identified they are acted upon swiftly , " he said .
- ABC/AAP
Anfere Profile Joined June 2010 Canada 231 Posts Last Edited : 2010-06-27 09:01:30 #
1
My source is :
It 's a French Esport website .
It does n't seem weird since PC BanG are one of the partners Blizzard announced during their press conference of the 24th of June .
Team aAa confirmation on this thread ( page 6 ) :
PC BanG leaked that the Beta of SC2 will restart the 27 of June exclusively on their Cyber cafés while it will restart for everyone else on the 1st of July .
The news comes from PC BanG employees .
My source is : http://www.team-aaa.com/news-16590-0-1-la_beta_reprend_le_premier_juillet.html
It 's a French Esport website .
It does n't seem weird since PC BanG are one of the partners Blizzard announced during their press conference of the 24th of June .
Team a Aa confirmation on this thread ( page 6 ) : Being from team aAa 's shoutcast staff and having a colleague who lives in Korea who confirmed this on top of everything , I can pretty much assure you guys that the news is legit .
Our website has a reputation amongst french esports fans which obliges us to be as accurate as possible whenever we post anything in our news , getting multiple confirmations to ensure quality of information and professionalism behind every post .
Update :
Korean links from PlayXP and GameMeca talking about beta restarting on June 28 .
Since i only used google translator i have no confidence , just pointing articles related to a potential restart of the beta .
http://sc2.gamemeca.com/special/section/html_section/sc2/community/common/view.html?subcode=c2035&id=478&gid=477
http://www.playxp.com/sc2/news/view.php?article_id=1971358
Korean links from PlayXP and GameMeca talking about beta restarting on June 28 .
Since i only used google translator i have no confidence , just pointing articles related to a potential restart of the beta .
Immortal or no Immortal , that is the question !
Someone give me a hamlet skull !
Darkren Profile Blog Joined February 2010 Canada 1258 Posts # 2 WHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
" Yeah , I send ( hopefully ) helpful PM 's quite frequently .
You do n't have to warn / ban everything " - KadaverBB
Midj Profile Joined March 2010 Canada 253 Posts # 3 yay !
Hope this is true .
I enjoy watching more than playing .
DISHU Profile Blog Joined April 2010 United Kingdom 348 Posts # 4 cant wait !
If not i will be like the France revolution !
on your asscant wait !
Time flies like an arrow , fruit flies like a banana .
But what are timeflies and why do they like an arrow ?
Sparkyrabbit Profile Blog Joined May 2010 29 Posts # 5
This is better news then when i found out I was straight ..
travis Profile Blog Joined May 2003 United States 23812 Posts # 6 Ok so June 27 ?
Not July 1 ? Team Liquid
Takkara Profile Blog Joined April 2010 United States 1753 Posts # 7 On June 26 2010 03:40 Sparkyrabbit wrote :
This is better news then when i found out I was straight ..
Perhaps the news was great , but the situation you found yourself in at that point was probably less than ideal .
Perhaps the news was great , but the situation you found yourself in at that point was probably less than ideal .
Gee gee gee gee baby baby baby
Neverhood Profile Joined August 2009 United States 2684 Posts # 8
On June 26 2010 03:40 travis wrote :
Ok so June 27 ?
Not July 1 ?
June 27th in PC bangs and july 1st for general public June 27th in PC bangs and july 1st for general public Jaedong :D
TSM Profile Blog Joined June 2010 Great Britain 582 Posts # 9 ; P i do n't know how many messaging forums , ustream / livestream chat there has been about when it 's coming back but .
OH YEAH 1st July ;
P
The person to smile when everything goes wrong has found someone to blame it on - arthur bloch **** tl: dr *user was banned for this post *
Anfere Profile Joined June 2010 Canada 231 Posts Last Edited : 2010-06-25 19:09:48 # 10 if you go play on PC bangs cyber cafés yes it's june 27 , if you want to log on to the beta from your house using your account , it 's july 1st .
Immortal or no Immortal , that is the question !
Someone give me a hamlet skull !
heishe Profile Blog Joined June 2009 Germany 2235 Posts # 11 june 27th ? on a sunday ?
yeah , pretty sure this is legit
If you value your soul , never look into the eye of a horse .
Your soul will forever be lost in the void of the horse .
MangoTango Profile Blog Joined June 2010 United States 3670 Posts # 12 On June 26 2010 03:40 Sparkyrabbit wrote :
This is better news then when i found out I was straight ..
lol .
So with 10 new and conflicting rumors coming out a day , how can we be sure this one is real ?
Was n't there the Korean news conference that said June 28 ?
lol .
So with 10 new and conflicting rumors coming out a day , how can we be sure this one is real ?
Was n't there the Korean news conference that said June 28 ?
" One fish , two fish , red fish , BLUE TANK ! " - Artosis
Krissam Profile Joined April 2010 Denmark 189 Posts # 13
On June 26 2010 03:43 heishe wrote :
june 27th ? on a sunday ?
yeah , pretty sure this is legit june 27th ? on a sunday ?
yeah , pretty sure this is legit
You do realize how much work it is to actually start the server if it 's ready to go right ?
You do realize how much work it is to actually start the server if it 's ready to go right ?
If you can chill , chill ! " - TLAF - Liquid´Tyler
Warrior Madness Profile Blog Joined April 2008 Canada 3791 Posts # 14 back so soon ??
The Past : Yellow , Julyzerg , Chojja , Savior , GGplay -- The Present : Luxury , Jae- The Future : - Dong , maGma , Zero , Effort , Hoejja , hyvaa , by .hero , calm , Action ---> SC2 ( Ret ??
Kolll Idra !!
SEN , Cool , ZergBong , Leenock )
Ichabod Profile Joined May 2010 United States 1657 Posts Last Edited : 2010-06-25 18:51:49 # 15
Seems odd ; would this only apply for europe then ?
asia and US servers are up in the air ?
Edit : whoops , guess july first applies to only US then ?
Puosu Profile Blog Joined April 2007 6776 Posts Last Edited : 2010-06-25 18:51:27 # 16 On June 26 2010 03:47 Ichabod wrote :
Seems odd ; would this only apply for europe then ?
asia and US servers are up in the air ?
It would only apply to Korea , the article states that the company " PCBang " is Korean .
Also with my weak French I think the first sentence says Blizz announced this on their official forums , anyone willing to dig up the post ?
I read it slightly wrong .
It would only apply to Korea , the article states that the company " PCBang " is Korean .
I read it slightly wrong .
Anfere Profile Joined June 2010 Canada 231 Posts Last Edited : 2010-06-25 19:10:13 # 17
Translation of the first paragraph : '' Not long ago , blizzard announced on their forums that the beta will restart early july without giving a precise date or any details concerning the beta reopening .
Today , we got the information that the beta will restart the 1st of july for us and the 27 of june for our korean friends exclusively in the PC bang cyber cafés chain . ''
So no they did n't say that blizzard announced this on their forums PC Bang is a chain of cyber cafés that is the place where all people who play starcraft regroup and stuff , it 's a well known cyber café chain in korea and it 's blizzard partner .
Translation of the first paragraph : '' Not long ago , blizzard announced on their forums that the beta will restart early july without giving a precise date or any details concerning the beta reopening .
Today , we got the information that the beta will restart the 1st of july for us and the 27 of june for our korean friends exclusively in the PC bang cyber cafés chain .
'' So no they did n't say that blizzard announced this on their forums Immortal or no Immortal , that is the question !
Someone give me a hamlet skull !
susySquark Profile Blog Joined May 2010 United States 1509 Posts # 18
Google translate actually works on that page pretty well .
Some time ago , Blizzard announced on its official forums that the beta would resume in early July without giving any further detail on the alleged date .
Today we learned that the beta would resume July 1 for us and the June 27 exclusively for our Korean friends in their cafes appointed PCBANG .
ataryens Profile Joined June 2010 Iran 207 Posts # 19 On June 26 2010 03:48 Puosu wrote :
Show nested quote +
On June 26 2010 03:47 Ichabod wrote :
Seems odd ; would this only apply for europe then ?
asia and US servers are up in the air ?
It would only apply to Korea , the article states that the company " PCBang " is Korean .
Also with my weak French I think the first sentence says Blizz announced this on their official forums , anyone willing to dig up the post ?
I read it slightly wrong .
It would only apply to Korea , the article states that the company " PCBang " is Korean .
I read it slightly wrong .
It doesnt say that they announced this on their official website but that they said it would come early july .
Article says 1st july for all and 27th june for that cafe in korea .
It doesnt say that they announced this on their official website but that they said it would come early july .
Article says 1st july for all and 27th june for that cafe in korea .
jamesr12 Profile Blog Joined April 2010 United States 1549 Posts # 20
Not confirmed by blizz and acording to PC bangs it was coming back the 28th i still say bull http://www.teamliquid.net/forum/viewmessage.php?topic_id=306479
1 2 3 4 5 22 23 24 Next All
Rereading my post on the folly of the G20 , it seems to me that I did n’t fully convey just how crazy the demand for fiscal austerity now now now really is .
The key thing you need to realize is that eliminating stimulus spending , while it would inflict severe economic harm , would do almost nothing to reduce future debt problems .
Here ’s the IMF ’s estimate of sources of the growth in debt over the next few years :
IMF
And even this figure conveys a misleading impression of the importance of stimulus spending .
First , since cutting stimulus would weaken the economy , it would reduce revenues — that is , a substantial part of the debt growth the IMF attributes to stimulus would have happened even without stimulus , through lower revenue .
Second , for the US at least the core reason for long - run budget concern is rising health care costs — in fact , health cost control is the sine qua non of long - run solvency — which has nothing whatever to do with how much we spend on job creation now .
So how much we spend on supporting the economy in 2010 and 2011 is almost irrelevant to the fundamental budget picture .
Why , then , are Very Serious People demanding immediate fiscal austerity ?
The answer is , to reassure the markets — because the markets supposedly wo n’t believe in the willingness of governments to engage in long - run fiscal reform unless they inflict pointless pain right now .
To repeat : the whole argument rests on the presumption that markets will turn on us unless we demonstrate a willingness to suffer , even though that suffering serves no purpose .
And the basis for this belief that this is what markets demand is … well , actually there ’s no sign that markets are demanding any such thing .
There ’s Greece — but the Greek situation is very different from that of the US or the UK .
And at the moment everyone except the overvalued euro - periphery nations is able to borrow at very low interest rates .
So wise policy , as defined by the G20 and like - minded others , consists of destroying economic recovery in order to satisfy hypothetical irrational demands from the markets — demands that economies suffer pointless pain to show their determination , demands that markets are n’t actually making , but which serious people , in their wisdom , believe that the markets will make one of these days .
Awesome .
On a teleconference last month with a loose coalition of white and Latino evangelical leaders , Sen. Charles Schumer , the New York Democrat who had recently unveiled a legislative proposal for comprehensive immigration reform , pleaded with participants to bring Republican senators to the table to hammer out a bipartisan package .
“ You can play a vital role , ” said Schumer .
“ You have great links to many of our Republican senators , they have great respect for you …
Please , if you could help us get some Republicans to just sit in a room and talk with us , we could get a bill done this year . ”
What was n’t discussed on the call with Conservatives for Comprehensive Immigration Reform was that Schumer had gained the support of conservative evangelicals in part by telling them that the Uniting American Families Act ( UAFA ) — which would close a loophole that currently prevents US citizens in same - sex , committed relationships from sponsoring their undocumented partners for citizenship — would not be part of the comprehensive package , as he had originally proposed .
Supporters of the UAFA said that Schumer had already committed to include the UAFA — leaving the senator looking like he was talking out of both sides of his mouth .
According to Immigration Equality , an advocacy group that supports the UAFA , there are 36,000 bi-national couples in the United States — same - sex couples in which one is a US citizen and the other faces possible deportation if a partner or spouse cannot sponsor them for citizenship — and about half of those couples have children .
In other words , while heterosexuals currently can sponsor their undocumented spouses for citizenship , thousands of gay and lesbian couples face the possibility of their families being separated unless the UAFA becomes law .
That Schumer had to plead with anti-LGBT rights conservatives to even bring Republicans to the table points not only to the dysfunction of the Senate ( where the majority party needs a supermajority to get anything done ) , but also to the dysfunctional way Democrats view faith - based advocacy : instead of capitalizing on the progressive stance of religious activists on issues relating to sex and sexuality , they feel they must capitulate to conservative activists as the definitive position of “ people of faith . ”
Democrats appear to be looking to both the conservative evangelical leadership and the Catholic hierarchy — groups with significant lobbying presences in Washington — for support on immigration reform .
While both groups say they want to see a comprehensive package passed , they will not support one that includes UAFA .
But many “ people of faith , ” including mainline Protestants , Jews , and Catholics challenging Vatican teaching support a package including UAFA .
The denominations and religious groups supporting UAFA include African American Ministers in Action ( a project of People for the American Way ) ; Call to Action ; Catholics for Equality ; Church World Service , Immigration and Refugee Program ; Clergy United ; The Episcopal Church ; Friends Committee on National Legislation ; Hebrew Immigrant Aid Society ; Religious Action Center of Reform Judaism ; Standing on the Side of Love ; the United Methodist Church ; and the Unitarian Universalist Association of Congregations .
Even more religious leaders and groups have expressed support for broad LGBT equality , as evidenced by the more than 3,000 endorsers of the Religious Institute ’s Declaration on Sexual Morality , Justice and Healing .
Rep. Luis Gutierrez , the Illinois Democrat who is a leading advocate for comprehensive immigration reform , last month declared the UAFA to be an essential part of a reform package and committed himself , along with Reps .
Mike Quigley ( D - IL ) and Jared Polis ( D - CO ) , “ to bringing the immigration reform movement together with the coalition supporting UAFA to fight for inclusion of same - sex families . ”
The UAFA alone , said Gutirerrez , “ ca n’t fix what is wrong about our current immigration mess .
Likewise , comprehensive immigration reform is necessary , but not sufficient to fix what is wrong with our immigration system if some same - sex couples and families are still left out . ”
Erwin de Leon , whose husband , the Rev. John Beddingfield , Rector of All Souls Memorial Episcopal Church in Washington DC , is in the United States on a student visa , which will expire when he completes his doctorate .
Although the couple got married in April after DC made gay marriage legal , de Leon , a Philippine national , cannot obtain a green card through Beddingfield as a heterosexual spouse could .
De Leon lamented how the anti-UAFA religious voices are more frequently heard in Congress .
“ I ’m a strong believer in the separation of church and state — what you do is fine if you believe same - sex couples should n’t be married in your churches , good for you .
But any religion , ” he added , “ should n’t impose their dogmas on society , and I think that ’s what ’s happening here . ”
Yet conservative religious groups ’ dominance in beltway lobbying is reinforced even by progressive advocates .
At a recent media briefing hosted by the American Immigration Council , Angela Kelley , Vice President for Immigration Policy and Advocacy at the Center for American Progress Action Fund , described the National Association of Evangelicals and its Latino affiliate , the National Hispanic Christian Leadership Conference , as “ two of the most powerful voices ” from the faith community on immigration reform .
Mary Giovagnoli , Director of the Immigration Policy Center , who at one time worked for the late Senator Ted Kennedy , recalled him urging colleagues to speak to the lobbyists for the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops when they visited the Hill .
Kelley added , “ where the bishops engage on a very personal level , it makes a huge difference . ”
Those powerful groups — the NAE , the NHCLC , and the USCCB — all oppose the UAFA .
The USCCB , reacting to Schumer ’s April proposal , took the position that it was an “ important first step , ” but that there were “ flaws in the framework that require revision , including a controversial provision that would permit same - sex couples to receive immigration benefits equal to married couples . ”
Like the Catholic bishops , the NAE has also made clear that it would not support the Democratic package if it included UAFA .
And the Rev. Samuel Rodriguez , president of the NHCLC , was part of a group of evangelicals that included Richard Land of the Southern Baptist Convention ’s Ethics and Religious Liberty Commission and The Call to Conscience ’s Lou Engle , who a few weeks after the conference call with Schumer threatened to withhold support if the UAFA was included in a package , claiming that the Democrats were “ pandering to special interests . ”
But looking solely to the powerful lobbies of the evangelical leadership and Catholic hierarchy as a barometer of “ people of faith ” is misleading .
That evangelical groups and the Catholic bishops might hold up immigration reform over the UAFA “ angers me , ” said the Rev. Kevin Goodman , Associate Dean of the Saint James Cathedral in Chicago .
Goodman is an Episcopal priest whose partner of 11 years is an undocumented immigrant who faces possible deportation if the UAFA is n’t passed .
“ Immigration reform is a matter of justice and that we ’re willing to sacrifice justice because we disapprove or we do n’t see how God works in the lives of people we do n’t understand goes against everything Scripture teaches us , ” Goodman said .
Although Protestant support from the UAFA comes from mainline denominations rather than evangelicals , Catholics opposing the bishops ’ position are beginning to take a more public stand .
“ It is certainly evident from Immigration Equality ’s case load , and the families we work with , however , that the Catholic people , and many Catholic leaders at the local level , embrace far different — and more compassionate — views on this issue than the Conference of Catholic Bishops , ” said Steve Ralls , the group ’s communications director .
Fr. Joseph Palacios , a sociology professor at Georgetown University , is working to launch the group Catholics for Equality next month , which will support the UAFA .
“ Catholics as a religious body are the most progressive in terms of LGBT issues and we want to be the contrary voice to the official church and to help these Catholics see their social justice tradition and family life as [ being ] as important as anything coming from the bishops , ” said Palacios .
Noting that Catholics have experienced religious discrimination , he added , “ we should be the group that thinks through aligning ourselves with [ the ] marginal and alienated and to see how Jesus would approach people themselves . ”
Some Catholic bi-national couples do receive support from their parishes .
Shirley Constantino
Tan lives in Pacifica , California , with her partner Jaylynn Mercado , who is a US citizen , and their two teenage sons , both US citizens .
Tan fled her native Philippines in 1991 , seeking political asylum after her family was victimized by violence stemming from a family dispute over an inheritance ; a cousin murdered her sister and mother and shot Tan in the head .
Tan and Mercado have been together for 24 years and , she said , welcomed in their Catholic Church where they are active members .
“ We did n’t feel any kind of rejection in our parish community , ” said Tan .
After Tan exhausted her asylum appeals and was facing possible deportation last year , Sen . Dianne Feinstein introduced , and succeeded in passing , a private relief bill on her behalf ; it would have to be renewed each year if Tan is to avoid deportation .
In support of the bill , her priest , Fr. Piers M. Lahey of the Church of the Good Shepherd , wrote a letter to Feinstein which was entered into the Congressional Record .
Lahey described Tan and Mercado as “ wonderful Christian partners , parents , role models for their two boys , and , as Scripture says , ‘ living stones ’ helping to form and build up the Church , the Body of Christ , in today ’s broken and violent world . ”
Sr. Jeannine Gramick , the national coordinator for the National Coalition of American Nuns , said of the bishops ’ opposition to the UAFA , “ I find their arguments specious and I think their stand , personally I find it scandalous . ”
Gramick , who has ministered to gays and lesbians since 1971 , was investigated by the Vatican in the 1990s and ordered to stop ministering to gay and lesbian people .
She ignored it .
“ I am proud to be a Catholic , ” Gramick said .
“ I ’m a lifelong Catholic .
I spend my life hopefully working for justice so that people can look and see there are Catholic people who at least try to be just and try to follow the Gospel .
But frankly the US bishops continually embarrass me .
They are an embarrassment to the Catholic Church at this point , particularly with the stand they are taking . ”
Palacios said Catholics for Equality will fill a void : there is no group doing political work reaching out to Catholics who support LGBT rights .
“ We ’re not interested in reforming the church , we ’re interested simply in getting fair - minded Catholics , move them in the direction in of LGBT rights , ” he said .
Palacios noted the fear among Catholic clergy of crossing the hierarchy on LGBT rights , adding he knew a priest in California who publicly opposed Proposition 8 and was removed from his post by his bishop .
“ There are priests supportive of gay rights , and there are gay priests , ” Palacios added , “ they ’re completely afraid to speak up . ”
He added that the pressure has worsened under Pope Benedict , who has made LGBT rights a “ litmus test . ”
The bishops , he said , have been “ given marching orders that this is your job : combat gay rights and combat ‘ cultural relativism . ’ ”
But one of the lessons of health care reform might be that Catholic legislators are beginning to see that the bishops do not represent all Catholics ( much less all Americans ) .
The bishops , after lobbying for the Stupak amendment , objected to what they believed was a less stringent abortion restriction in the health care bill .
The bill nonetheless passed , after organizations of nuns endorsed it .
The emergence of organized religious support for UAFA could help provide similar cover to skittish legislators by demonstrating , at the very least , that religious sentiment is mixed , and at best , showing wider religious support for UAFA than lawmakers would have understood from listening only to the conservative leadership .
Gramick called health care reform “ a great turning point .
Politically the bishops were embarrassed because Catholics in the pews are making their voices known , the sisters are articulating that , and the Catholic legislators are waking up and realizing that fact . ”
Palacios also noted that legislators were “ were pissed at the bishops for intervening too heavily on the health care bill ” and are beginning to be receptive to the views of Catholics outside the hierarchy .
Speaking of the bishops , Tan said , “ I hope they will open up their eyes .
There should be change now and equality for everybody .
That ’s discrimination on their part .
I hope they will realize that love knows no boundaries . ”
Society
Reincarnation of 5th Living Buddha Dezhub chosen ( China Daily )
Updated : 2010-07-05 08:03
Four - year - old Losang
Doje dons ceremonial robes on Sunday following his selection as the 6th Living Buddha Dezhub , when a lot - drawing ceremony in the Jokhang Temple in Lhasa , capital of the Tibet autonomous region , singled him out as the reincarnation of the 5th Living Buddha Dezhub .
[ Xinhua ]
LHASA - The reincarnation of the 5th Living Buddha Dezhub was chosen through a lot - drawing ceremony in Tibet autonomous region 's capital Lhasa on Sunday .
The Living Buddha , a four - year - old whose secular name is Losang Doje , was selected in accordance with a regulation on the reincarnation of the Living Buddha of Tibetan Buddhism issued by the State Administration for Religious Affairs as well as historical conventions and religious rituals .
The ceremony started at around 5 am in the Jokhang Temple and lasted about an hour .
Two slips printed with the two candidates ' names were separately sealed in silk bags and placed in a golden urn after being carefully examined by government representatives , senior monks and the candidates ' families .
Bainqen Erdini Qoigyijabu , the 11th Panchen Lama and vice - president of the Buddhist Association of China , drew a silk bag out of the urn , confirming Losang Doje as the reincarnation .
Losang Doje was born on Nov 30 , 2005 in Shannan prefecture 's Lhunze county .
His father is Gaesang Wangdue and his mother is Pema Lacong .
He was chosen as one of the candidates after several years of searching by senior monks , according to religious traditions .
The boy will become the 6th Living Buddha Dezhub after he receives the approval of the people 's government of Tibet .
" I 'm so honored to witness the process .
Our wish has been fulfilled , " said Dawa Yangzom , a Lhunze county villager , who was among the more than 100 ceremony attendees .
The 5th Living Buddha , Dezhub Jambai Gaisanggyaco , died in Lhasa on March 11 , 2000 at the age 66 .
He had previously served the Buddhist Association of China and was a member of the standing committee of the Tibet autonomous region 's committee of the Chinese People 's Political Consultative Conference .
He was also vice - chairman of the Tibetan Branch of the Chinese Buddhist Association .
He had advocated the Party 's leadership since Tibet 's peaceful liberation in 1959 and unswervingly supported national unity .
Norweigan super agent Jim Solbakken has flown into North London this morning , ahead of talks with Arsenal over a new contract for defender Håvard Nordtveit .
The 19 - year - old has 12 months left on his current deal .
Nordtveit has started both of Arsenal ’s pre-season games so far this summer and has shown vast improvements in both .
He completed the 90 minutes in a 3 - 0 win over Sturm Graz in Austria last night , and was arguably the best player on the pitch .
Several immaculate tackles and some good work going forward has put Howie in contention for a first - team place for the coming season .
Gazidis is now poised to offer Håvard a new three - year - contract on increased wages .
He joined the Gunners from Haugesund in 2007 and has since spent the last 14 months away from the club with loan spells at UD Salamanca , Lillestrøm and Nuremberg .
Negotiations are expected to be completed before the start of the new season .
A former cellmate of a woman sentenced to death by stoning in Iran , who spent two years in prison with her and accompanied her to the court when she received the news of her punishment , has told the Guardian how the woman , Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani , fainted in shock after hearing the verdict .
" It was in mid-November 2008 when the guards woke us up unexpectedly and told Sakineh and me that we should get ready for the court , " said Shahnaz Gholami , 42 , whose political activities in support of Azari minorities put her in jail for more than four years in Iran .
Gholami , an active blogger , is seeking asylum in Paris .
Later that morning , the officials handcuffed Mohammadi Ashtiani and Gholami and took them to the court .
Gholami said : " During the 15 - minute journey to the court from the prison , she was just worried for her children , but she was not expecting anything even a bit close to the stoning .
When we met once again after the court , she was appalled , absolutely speechless . "
The 43 - year - old mother of two fainted in shock when they returned to the prison , Gholami said .
" For days , she was like a ghost wandering in shock , but when she came back to her senses , she just cried and I did n't see her without crying until the last day I spent time with her in prison . "
The Guardian brought Mohammadi Ashtiani's plight to international attention on 3 July .
Since then the case has drawn condemnation worldwide and a huge number of politicians , human rights activists and celebrities have joined the campaign for her release .
In response , Iran has banned local media from reporting on the case .
Gholami – whose comments cannot be independently verified – said Mohammadi Ashtiani was tortured inside Tabriz prison .
" Because of her loving nature , even her malicious cellmates kept distance from her , but the guards could n't let her live at ease .
She was flogged as a part of her sentence , but beside that she was beaten up severely by the guards . "
According to Gholami , Mohammadi Ashtiani has been refused access to writing materials .
" Until that day she was a calm , ordinary woman whose beauty made prisoners and the guards jealous .
She did n't like trouble with other women in the block we were kept in , and because of that she was always alone , " Gholami said .
Since May 2006 , Mohammadi Ashtiani has been kept in room four of the eighth block of Tabriz prison , in the capital of Iran 's East Azerbaijan province .
She shares a room with 25 women who are mostly accused of murder .
She was originally sentenced to 99 lashes for adultery , but her case was reopened when a court in Tabriz suspected her of murdering her husband .
She was acquitted , but the adultery charge was reviewed and the death penalty handed down on the basis of " judge 's knowledge " .
In Iran , officials consider adultery worse than murder , Gholami said .
" To be among those murderers and live with them is a daily torture for Sakineh , whose tender nature had made her exceptional in the block for everyone , " Gholami said .
Iran 's judiciary has since changed the sentence , following the international outcry , to execution by hanging " because she is convicted of murder " .
However , a copy of the document detailing the stoning sentence , which was disclosed to the Guardian by Mina Ahadi , of the Iran Committee against Stoning ( ICAS ) , shows that she was convicted of adultery , not murder .
Ahadi said : " In adultery cases , women are sentenced because of the complaints from their husbands or families generally , but surprisingly , Sakineh is sentenced to death by stoning not because the family of her husband have made a complaint against her , but because the Tabriz prosecutor has made a complaint .
In other words , it 's the authorities in Iran who want Sakineh to be stoned to death . "
Ahadi , who is in regular contact with the families of women sentenced to stoning in Iran , has been told recently that Mariam Ghorbanzadeh , 25 , a current cellmate of Mohammadi Ashtiani who has been sentenced to death by stoning , is pregnant .
The sentence has not been changed .
After a short visit to his mother in prison last Thursday , Mohammadi Ashtiani 's son Sajad told the Guardian that she fears she may be executed without prior notice to her lawyer , especially now that Iran has issued an arrest warrant for Mohammad Mostafaei , the lawyer who represented her until recently .
Mostafaei is believed to be hiding from officials after his relatives were imprisoned .
Prototypes
If you ever suspected that the mind - control wizardry behind a toy like the Force Trainer was a bit of a gimmick , I can think of a few Northeastern University eggheads who might agree with you .
The Force Trainer merely pushes a ball up a tube when it detects your brain ’s beta - wave emissions — signaling that you are concentrating on something , which might be the ball , but which could be anything else .
Researchers at Northeastern ’s Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering have devised something a bit more sophisticated than the Star Wars game .
Wearing what looks like a swim cap wired with electrodes , you can “ command ’ ’ a robot to move left , right , and forward by looking at corresponding areas on a computer screen , the Northeastern researchers say .
The system — it detects brain signals from the user ’s visual cortex — is rigged to boss around a small robot with a laptop on its back .
Here ’s how it works :
Each quadrant on the user ’s computer screen represents a different command and flashes at a different frequency .
Staring at a particular quadrant causes the user ’s visual cortex to emit a corresponding frequency , which a computer translates into a directional command .
The system then wirelessly transmits those commands to the laptop on the back of the robot .
( The user can track the robot ’s whereabouts by using a Skype video connection with the laptop . )
A Northeastern engineering professor , Deniz Erdogmus , said the new brain - computer interface might be used to control household appliances .
And in the upcoming academic year , Northeastern students will outfit a wheelchair to take orders from a brain - computer interface .
Mobile payments
From smartphone to credit card machine
My front porch is becoming my most frequently used point of sale for food , clothing , books , and gadgets .
My front porch is becoming my most frequently used point of sale for food , clothing , books , and gadgets .
And that makes it a great place to see the latest advances in mobile payments .
At the forefront , of course , are the UPS , FedEx , and USPS folks , who use neat hand - held PCs to process pickups and record my signature .
The small businesses I deal with in Milton are a bit behind the curve .
For example , until recently , if I wanted to pay for my Yu Hsiang broccoli with a credit card , the delivery guy would have to go back to his car to retrieve a manual imprinter and a ballpoint pen .
But it is getting easier and cheaper for small businesses to process purchases in the field .
If you are an AT&T customer , rather than purchasing new wireless terminals and hardware , you can now use your smartphone to process credit and debit card purchases .
The costs of the browser - based service , called AprivaPay , start at $ 15 per month .
The more advanced version of AprivaPay , called AprivaPay Professional ( about $ 20 per month ) , uses downloadable software to store transactions in the phone , even if you make them while outside your wireless service area .
( AprivaPay Professional is available on Windows Mobile Standard and Professional devices , according to AT&T . )
With AprivaPay Professional , you can also use a small Bluetooth card terminal and printer to record purchases .
© Copyright 2010 Globe Newspaper Company .
Here at ComicsAlliance , we 're pretty addicted to the cliffhangers of the mythologically dense TV show " LOST , " now in its last season , and we 're not the only ones : Webcomic creators Kate Beaton ( " Hark ! A Vagrant " ) and Anthony Clark ( " Nedroid " ) are also hooked , and they are channeling their obsession by making " LOST " comics .
Or as they say on the Twitters , #lostcomics .
We 've collected a few of our favorites , but they 've got a whole backlog on their respective Twitpic accounts , and if you follow along on the hashtag , other artists have started joining in as well .
LOST !
SPOILERS SPOILERS SPOILERS after the jump .
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
Hamas refused on Wednesday to allow the aid equipment that was captured by the IDF aboard the flotilla ships earlier this week to enter the Gaza Strip .
" We refuse to receive the humanitarian aid until all those who were detained aboard the ships are released , " said Ahmed Kurd , Minister for Social Welfare in the Hamas government said .
" We also insist that the equipment be delivered in its entirety . " Kurd said that Israel 's decision to allow a number of wheelchairs to be delivered to the Gaza Strip was a " deception , " claiming that the batteries that operate them had been removed , making them useless .
The Hamas minister said that Israel 's decision to send some of the aid that was seized aboard the ships to the Gaza Strip was designed to divert attention from the " massacre " that took place in the sea .
Calling for lifting the blockade on the Gaza Strip , Kurd welcomed Egypt 's decision to reopen the Rafah border crossing .
He expressed hope that the terminal would remain opened on a permanent basis .
Taher a - Nunu , spokesman for the Hamas government , said that the issue of the humanitarian aid would be resolved only through consultations with the organizers of the convoy in Turkey .
He stressed that Hamas 's top priority now was to ensure the release of all those who were detained aboard the ships .
Egyptian authorities on Wednesday banned Hamas 's Minister of Health , Basem Naim , from travelling through the Rafah terminal .
Naim was on his way from the Gaza Strip to attend a conference of the Arab Physicians Union in Algeria when the Egyptians turned him away .
The Egyptians did not offer any explanation for their decision to ban Naim from crossing the Rafah terminal , which was reopened after the confrontation between the IDF and international activists aboard the flotilla aid ships .
The picture shows Aqila , aged 18 , celebrating her marriage in front of relatives and friends .
At the time she dreamt of coming to England for a happy , long life with her new husband and his family .
Two years later , the young bride is stranded in her village in Pakistan after , a court has heard , being drugged and forcibly taken back by her husband and father - in - law without her newborn baby .
Aqila , 20 , was dumped outside her parents ' house in March without her passport and British visa , leaving her stranded with little hope of return , the High Court was told last week .
Her case highlights the plight of what is feared to be a growing number of women who come to Britain after marrying a British husband and are then abandoned back home without their children or immigration documents .
Lawyers hope that a ruling this week will expose the full extent of cases similar to Aqila 's and force the authorities to recognise the need for action to prevent mothers from being separated from their children .
Her solicitor has dealt with at least 50 cases and says this is a hidden abuse of women from overseas who marry British men .
Aqila , who speaks no English , was forced to plead with the judge to reunite her with her tiny son via video link last Wednesday after the Home Office refused to allow her into the country even to attend the hearing .
The court 's Family Division must decide if Aqila was forcibly marooned in Pakistan in order to take her child or whether she willingly left him behind , stranded there because of an unfortunate set of unplanned events .
Justice Mary
Hogg is expected to make a landmark ruling after Aqila 's legal team presented her with six other cases that illustrate the plight of scores of women brought to the UK after arranged marriages and dumped back overseas when they have given birth or their husbands have tired of them .
If Mrs Justice Hogg identifies " abandoned spouses " as a phenomenon , it could help British courts to reunite scores of children with their mothers forced to fight lengthy legal battles .
Last Friday Mrs Justice
Hogg took the unusual step of allowing partial identification of Aqila because of the " public interest " in shining a light on this hidden issue .
Aqila 's solicitor , Anne- Marie Hutchinson from Dawson Cornwell , has nine other " abandoned spouse " cases but has dealt with dozens more over the past five years .
Her barrister , Teertha Gupta , said : " We are asking the court to take judicial notice of these other cases and say something which will help young girls who find themselves in this situation .
We hope also this will have a deterrent effect to stop families doing something without thinking it through . "
Born in 1989 in a village in the Azad Jammu and Kashmir region of Pakistan , just yards away from her husband 's ancestral home , Aqila was a bright woman who finished high school .
As was her family tradition , her marriage was arranged between her own and her husband 's extended families .
She married her husband in March 2008 when she was 18 .
Aqila came to live in the north of England in October 2008 on a spousal visa , valid until December 2010 .
She and her husband , who was her legal sponsor , needed to fulfil certain immigration procedures for her to stay here indefinitely .
It never got that far .
Aqila alleges that her husband , mother - in - law and three sisters - in - law started to mistreat her within days of her arrival ; they also took her passport .
Her husband would become enraged when she challenged him when he stayed out until the small hours .
She claims he would on occasion during arguments " pull her hair " and " beat her " .
The court also heard that she was treated like an " unpaid servant " by the four women in the house who also sometimes " bullied " and " beat " her .
She was never allowed out unaccompanied and her phone calls were always monitored , all of which her husband and in - laws denied .
Her father - in - law told the court that although he spent very little time in the house Aqila was very happy .
During cross-examination , Aqila 's husband admitted that the marriage was " rocky " and that he found his wife " very demanding " and " unreasonable " .
Within seven months of her arrival , Aqila was pregnant , and their son was born two months prematurely in January this year .
The court heard that there was concern from doctors that Aqila may be unable to have more children .
The family rejected suggestions by Aqila 's barrister that this was the final trigger which led them to dumping her in Pakistan and keeping the baby .
They also denied threatening to kill Aqila while she was pregnant .
Within weeks of the birth , three plane tickets had been bought for Pakistan : two return flights for husband and father - in - law , and a one - way ticket for the new mother .
The family repeatedly told the court that Aqila had willingly left her two - month - old son in order to visit her own family for an indefinite period of time .
Aqila insisted to the court that she had not wanted to go , especially without her baby , but was " given something " to drug her before the journey and then dumped outside her family home .
Her husband and father - in - law left the country less than 48 hours after arriving .
She has never seen or spoken to them again .
The husband 's barrister , Nasra Butt , told the court that her client left Pakistan after making a snap decision that the marriage was over following a row with his wife 's family , and that he never intended to leave her stranded without her documents .
He claims to have posted his wife 's passport , which included her visa , her ID card and the divorce papers he had obtained from a priest within hours of the row , to the British High Commission .
The documents have not been seen since .
Aqila has a new Pakistani passport but the British High Commission has refused to supply her with a duplicate spousal visa which would allow her to fight this case in person .
Mrs Justice
Hogg drew attention to the difficulties involved in conducting the trial using video and telephone links .
The UK Borders Agency insisted yesterday that all visa application involving child custody cases were " carefully reviewed " .
In summing up Mr Gupta said : " Aqila was dependent on her husband 's family for everything .
The powerbase was with the family and open to abuse ...
This marriage was not working so this unsophisticated family decided to return her back to where they had found her because she had performed her role ; she had produced a child , and so could now be disregarded . "
Outside court Ms Hutchinson said : " We want guidance from High Court so that these cases are fast - tracked to determine as quickly as possible how mum ended up out of country , whether by choice or was she pushed or duped . "
Speaking through a translator Aqila told The Independent on Sunday : " I spend my days praying and crying to God to let be with my son .
That 's all I want .
I do n't want to bring ill to my in - laws .
I just want to be with my child .
Without him I have nothing . "
The judge 's ruling is expected this week .
The Timeline : Aqila 's story : married , beaten , drugged , abandoned and separated from her child
July 1989 Born in Azad Jammu and Kashmir region of Pakistan .
October 2007
Family discuss marriage with British family who originate from same village .
March 2008 Marries at the age of 18 .
October 2008 Arrives in England on a spousal visa to live with husband and his family .
January 2010 Gives birth to a son two months prematurely .
February 2010
Three flights bought to Pakistan , Aqila 's is the only one - way ticket .
March 2010 Travels to Pakistan with husband and father - in - law .
Both return in 48 hours , leaving her without a passport .
The Heligan team calculate that the cost of just labour and resources to grow the pineapples each year would have been more than £ 10,000 in today 's money .
Yet another sci - fi geek dream has been turned into reality , with the US Navy demonstrating a laser capable of shooting down moving targets .
Defence technology company Raytheon Missile Systems teamed up with the US Navy to unveil the high - powered laser weapon at the Farnborough Air Show in Hampshire this week .
A mock - up of the laser weapon in action .
In secret tests the laser was capable of shooting down four unmanned aerical vehicles ( UAVs ) mid-flight .
The weapon , which will be used by the Navy as a last line of defence , is made up of six industrial - use lasers that simultanously focus on the target .
The beam is rated at 50 kilowatts and it can be used to shoot down planes , mortar , rockets and small surface ships .
Republican Sen. Scott Brown won due to support from largely middle - and working - class suburbs .
The Democrats ' middle - class problem
Class , the Industrial Revolution ’s great political dividing line , is enjoying Information Age resurgence .
It now threatens the political future of presidents , prime ministers and even Politburo chiefs .
As in the Industrial Age , new technology is displacing whole groups of people — blue - and white - collar workers — as it boosts productivity and creates opportunities for others .
Inequality is on the rise — from the developing world to historically egalitarian Scandinavia and Britain .
Advertisement
Divisions are evident here in the United States .
Throughout the 2008 presidential campaign , Barack Obama lagged in appealing to white middle - and working - class voters who supported Hillary — and former President Bill — Clinton .
Now , these voters , according to recent polls , are increasingly alienated from the Obama administration .
Reasons include slow economic growth , high unemployment among blue - and white - collar workers and a persistent credit crunch for small businesses .
These factors could cause serious losses for Democrats this fall — and beyond .
This discontent reflects long - term trends .
Since 1973 , for example , the rate of growth of the “ typical family ’s income ” in the United States has slowed dramatically .
For men , it has actually gone backward when adjusted for inflation .
The past few years have been particularly rough .
About two in five Americans report household incomes between $ 35,000 and $ 100,000 a year .
Right now , almost three in five are deeply worried about their financial situation , according to an ABC poll from March .
This should give Democrats an issue , theoretically .
But to date , Obama and his party seem incapable of harnessing the growing middle - and working - class unrest .
In fact , according to recent polls , these have been the voters that Democrats and the president have been losing over the past year as the economic stimulus failed to make a major dent in unemployment .
Part of this problem lies with the party ’s base , which the urban historian Fred Siegel once labeled “ the coalition of the overeducated and the undereducated . ”
Major urban centers like New York , Chicago and San Francisco might advertise themselves as enlightened , but they have lost much of their middle class and suffer the highest levels of income inequality .
Representatives from these areas now dominate the party and reflect their bifurcated districts .
They often stress the concerns of the educated affluent on issues like climate change and gay marriage , while their economic policies focus on the public - sector workers , “ green ” industries and maintaining the social welfare net .
Not surprisingly , this agenda does little for the middle - class — mostly suburban — voters .
Sen. Scott Brown ( R - Mass . ) , for example , won his margin of victory in largely middle - and working - class suburbs , where many voters had backed Obama in 2008 , according to demographer Wendell Cox .
Brown lost by almost 2 - to - 1 among poor voters — and also among those earning more than $ 85,000 a year .
Given the danger revealed by these numbers , Democrats and other center - left parties around the world should refocus their policies on issues — such as taxes , private - sector job creation and small business — that affect such voters .
For this growing class divide can be found globally :
In China , for example , technological change and globalization have produced a new proletariat that , unlike in the past , is disinterested in warmed - over Maoist ideology .
Perhaps nothing demonstrates this more clearly than the unrest at the Foxconn Technology Group .
Workers produce cool products — for companies like Apple , Dell and Nintendo — but under such oppressive conditions that some have been driven to suicide .
Mounting protests about Foxconn ’s employment practices , and a recent rash of strikes in China ’s Honda plants , reveal the disruptive potential of this class conflict .
Even as China ’s corporations and government become richer , inequality is widening .
Indeed , over the past 20 years , China has shifted from an income - distribution pattern like that of Sweden or Germany to one closer to Argentina ’s or Mexico’s .
By 2006 , China ’s level of inequality was greater than that of the United States or India .
Not surprisingly , class anger has reached alarming proportions .
Almost 96 percent of respondents , according to one recent survey , agreed that they “ resent the rich . ”
China ’s class divides may be extreme , but similar patterns can be found almost everywhere .
From India to Mexico , economic growth has led to a striking increase in the percentage of urbanites living in slum conditions .
In 1971 , for example , slum dwellers accounted for one in six Mumbaikars .
Today , they are an absolute majority .
This almost guarantees greater class conflict in the future , even as India ’s economy booms .
“ The boom that is happening is giving more to the wealthy , ” said R.N. Sharma of Mumbai ’s Tata Institute of Social Sciences .
“ This is the ‘ shining India ’ people talk about .
But the other part of it is very shocking — all the families where there is not even food security .
We must ask : ‘ The “ shining India ” is for whom ? ’ ”
This growing inequality in the developing world is already shaping global politics .
The failure of the Copenhagen climate change conference can be largely ascribed to the unwillingness of China , India , Brazil and other developing countries to sacrifice wealth creation opportunities for ecological reasons .
Like their counterparts in New Delhi and Beijing , politicians in wealthier countries also face class conflict .
In Britain , for example , even a massive expansion of the welfare state has done little to stop the U.K. from becoming the most unequal among the advanced European democracies .
Alienation among white working - class voters — particularly those in the public sector or with modest small businesses — may have contributed to the Labour Party ’s poor showing in the recent elections , according to Liam Byrne , the former Labour treasury secretary .
A similar phenomenon appears in Australia .
Labor Prime Minister Kevin Rudd , an icon among upper - class liberals , resigned in large part because of a precipitous decline in the polls among middle - and working - class suburban voters .
What is not clear is whether conservative parties can abandon their often slavish devotion to big corporate interests to take advantage of these new dynamics .
For years , these parties have relied on divisive social issues , like immigration , to win working - and middle - class voters .
But it ’s possible that a focus on profligate government spending might yet increase the right ’s appeal among mid-income voters .
As this current shift to greater inequality continues , the self - styled “ popular ” parties ’ tendency to ignore class issues could prove disastrous .
Unless they start addressing class issues in effective ways , they may lose not just their historical base but the political future .
Joel Kotkin is a distinguished senior fellow in urban futures at Chapman University and an adjunct fellow at the Legatum Institute in London .
He is author of “ The Next Hundred Million : America in 2050 . ”
Jason Zander as looks at how to building a cloud service using WCF , SQL Azure and then hook that into a Windows Phone 7 application .
Bernard Black runs his own bookshop even though he does n't much like people who buy books and hates having customers .
Next door to Bernard 's shop is the Nifty Gifty gift shop run by Fran , probably Bernard 's only friend in the world .
When Bernard 's accountant goes on the run Bernard employs stress victim , Manny to help in his shop .
This leads to a series of surreal adventures around the shop .
Written by PH Moo
Agro-boffins in America say that mankind could be on the verge of the " biggest agricultural breakthrough in 10,000 years " , as researchers close in on " perennial grains " .
At the moment , most grain grown around the world has to be replanted after every crop .
Farming so - called " annual " grain of this sort consumes a lot of resources and is hard on the land , which is especially worrying as half the world 's population lives off farmland which could easily be rendered unproductive by intensive annual grain harvests .
" People talk about food security , " says soil science prof John Reganold .
" That 's only half the issue .
We need to talk about both food and ecosystem security . "
Reganold and his fellow dirtboffin Jerry Glover argue that perennial grain - in addition to not needing replanting , so saving on passes of farm machinery over the ground , fuel etc - would have a much deeper and more powerful root system than annuals , rather like a well - kept lawn .
This would mean that it used water much more efficiently ; and water is often a major issue in agriculture and its impact on its surroundings .
Other benefits of a deep perennial root system beneath farmers ' fields would be less erosion and better carbon sequestration .
Perhaps most tellingly of all , such a field might need as little as 3 per cent of the fertilisers required by annuals .
Not only are nitrate fertilisers energy - intensive to make , they are also prone to washing out of fields to pollute water supplies , kill habitats and cause other eco mischief .
Perennial fields would also require much less in the way of herbicides to control weeds .
At the moment , perennial grains capable of matching annuals do n't exist .
However , Reganold and Glover argue that they can be bred with sufficient effort : it 's purely a matter of resources put into research .
It 's perhaps worth noting that there 's not as much obvious revenue in perennials for major agro firms as there is in some kinds of annuals - there would be no continual requirement for new seed .
The two researchers , and many colleagues in the business , argue that with enough development cash perennial grain could be available in less than 20 years - representing , in their view , as great a step forward in food production as the original shift by the human race out of hunter - gathering and into farming in the first place .
The assembled dirt experts have convinced the editors of hefty boffinry mag Science , where their arguments are presented ( subsciption required for full text ) . ®
Some games arrive out - of - the - box as truly masterpieces in their own right , some small few transcend even this status to become legendary as a result of the modding tools provided , and the gamers who are inspired to go even further .
If there could be just three games from times past that are without doubt legendary in this respect then they would be ; Operation Flashpoint from Bohemia Interactive Software , Morrowind from Bethesda Softworks , and Medieval : Total War from The Creative Assembly .
All three have used this success to create enduring franchises , Armed Assault , The Elder Scrolls , and Total War series respectively , and all three have either recently released a game from the franchise , or are just about too , or expected to announce one shortly shortly , and more importantly all three of these franchises will make use of Downloadable Content , or DLC as it is known .
DLC creates a problem for developers like these however ; how do you persuade your consumers to build up a tolerance to continual micro-payments when their attention is focussed on what the mod community is cooking up ……… for free ?
In some ways it does rather depend on what the developer hopes to achieve with its DLC , Bioware for example use a mix of free and paid DLC as an anti-piracy measure by allowing only game installs authorised by an authenticated online account access to this ‘ essential ’ extra content , but developers struggle daily with financial concerns and many see it purely as a mechanism for ensuring continued revenue between the extended troughs of games releases .
For most developers this is n’t a problem , the game is perhaps just a product they have been paid to push out by a publisher , or they provide only limited modding functionality anyway , but what do the likes Bohemia Interactive , Bethesda , or Creative Assembly do when they wish to generate substantial revenue from DLC from their franchises , but those franchises are built upon the enthusiasm and success of their modding community ?
After all , unless you are ID and thus rolling in money , then you still have to pitch your game idea to a publisher who are likely to look askance at allocating development resources to a revenue mechanism that will possibly be ignored in favour of free ‘ stuff ’ .
Bethesda are a known quantity in this matter , they have been releasing DLC for years now and have commendably released a full set of modding tools for both Oblivion and Fallout 3 .
Their DLC is mostly of the paid variety , and presumably is a success given that they have continued to provide it , despite the fact that their modding tools allow the endless creation of totally new worlds .
Perhaps this is because Bethesda have several advantages ; the are a developer and a publisher , they are a multi-team studio with rolling projects and thus rolling revenue , they have two world famous IP ’s in the name the Fallout and Elder Scrolls franchises , and their games are published across the PC , the Xbox , and the PS3 .
Creative Assembly are not quite such a well known quantity , in that their recent games ( Empire & Napoleon ) have been notably lacking in mod tools , but at the same time they profess to continuing to value their mod community , and promising that their ‘ next ’ game will be more moddable than ever .
It is not just the tools that matter however , it is how open the game is to adjustment , with Medieval : Total War not only could you create new units and battle - maps ( the micro ) , you could also create new campaign maps ( the macro ) , which essentially meant you were creating a new setting with a new story , in essence a new game .
The most that has arrived for Empire and its standalone expansion is a texture unpacker , so it is just about possible to create new models and reskin old ones , but it is no longer possible to create new campaign maps .
Modding has been reduced to cosmetic detailing and gameplay tweaks via adjusting the .ini files .
Is this because they are a studio working at the behest of their notoriously fat - handed publisher ( Sega ) , with only one famous IP in the self - limiting genre of real - time - strategy , who appear unable to make the jump to cross platform development ?
Probably is the best answer at this point , the truth will out if the release of Shogun 2 : Total
War does not come with the ability to modify the campaign map , because the very limited scenario of medieval Japan cries out for more variety in a way the Empire : Total War did not .
The news that Bohemia will be experimenting with DLC in Arma2 : Operation Arrowhead is interesting indeed , but seeing as this title uses exactly the same code - base as Arma 2 we can be certain that modding will not be in any way inhibited .
No , what will be telling is if Bohemia judge DLC to be a success and integrate it into the core sales strategy of Arma3 , and what impact this has on the moddability of the Game .
Bohemia are a small studio , who have only the one IP in the very limited genre of military - sims , and they release only on the PC , they would certainly be a candidate for publisher pressure to maximise the return on any DLC strategy .
If in twelve months time we start to hear rumours from the dev-team that because of the new and more ‘ advanced ’ engine scripting will of necessity be ‘ slightly ’ less powerful then we should start to be suspicious , but for now this is merely conjecture and Bohemia has certainly earned the trust of its community .
On the other hand , Bohemia make a lot of money from sales of their military training simulation VBS2 to various Armed Forces , and the modding community around game series is tapped to provide localised content for these various nations , so modding is also an indirect source of income rather than merely an impediment to DLC revenue .
So , is DLC going to be the death of serious modding on these famous franchises , and by extension in the wider PC games industry ?
Certainly modding in the wider industry is going to decline because the casual modding they allow at present is exactly the kind of customisation they would like to charge for , especially since these games tend to be cross - platform console releases , but the wider industry is not our concern .
We will know in truth when the next games from Bethesda , Bohemia Interactive and Creative Assembly are released , all we can do for now is laud the good practice of the first two , and lament the short - sightedness of the latter .
One thing is clear , if a company feels the need to cripple its modding tools to make room for its paid content , it is really only making a depressing statement that it doubts its own ability to add value .
Amongst the emails that Steve Jobs has been responding to , he also responded to an inquiry by a MacRumors reader Siva about future of Blu-ray on the Mac .
While Blu-ray has been a long requested feature for Macs , Apple has described Blu-ray licensing as bag of hurt and has n't made any moves to incorporate the drives into their desktop Macs .
That seems unlikely to change in the near future if Steve Jobs ' recent email replies are any guide .
Siva emailed Jobs about being disappointed that the recently revised Mac mini did n't include a Blu-ray drive .
To this , Steve Jobs replied :
Bluray is looking more and more like one of the high end audio formats that appeared as the successor to the CD - like it will be beaten by Internet downloadable formats .
Siva responded that even though this may be true in the long run , he argued the medium term benefits were substantial , including high density backups and high quality video .
He also argued that high - end video formats have had a much higher uptake and points out the lack of DRM was in part what made MP3 take off .
Jobs ' final response , however , offered little hope :
No , free , instant gratification and convenience ( likely in that order ) is what made the downloadable formats take off .
And the downloadable movie business is rapidly moving to free ( Hulu ) or rentals ( iTunes ) so storing purchased movies or TV shows is not an issue .
I think you may be wrong - we may see a fast broad move to streamed free and rental content at sufficient quality ( at least 720p ) to win almost everyone over .
Want to try out yoga but do n’t know the first thing about tree pose ?
Ready to start lifting weights , or turn that walk around the park into a jog ?
Use these easy how - to's .
Bicep Curl
Grab weights with palms facing forward , feet under hips .
Bending arms , lift weights toward shoulders .
Straighten elbows and lower weights back down .
Perfect Plank
Lie on your belly .
Rest upper body on forearms flat against the floor .
Contract abs and butt .
Slowly lift torso off the ground .
Hold 5 seconds , then lower .
Tree Pose
Stand straight , shifting body weight to right foot with left knee to chest .
Turn knee to side , press sole of foot to calf .
Put palms together over your head .
Hold 5 - 10 breaths .
Squats
Keep your feet shoulder - width apart , back straight .
Bend knees and lower your rear as if sitting down in a chair , keeping knees over ankles .
The Pilates Hundred
Sit on the floor , feet flat , holding the backs of your thighs .
Keep the belly in and curl down to the floor .
Now curl the head and shoulders up slightly .
Pump the arms up and down at your sides .
Breathe in for 5 seconds and out for 5 seconds until you hit 50 pumps .
Sit up and repeat for a total of 100 .
Pilates Roll - Up
Lie on your back with legs straight , feet flexed , arms reaching overhead on the floor .
Press your low back into the floor .
Exhale and , keeping your navel in , slowly roll up one vertebra at a time until you 're sitting up .
Slowly roll back down .
Repeat 3 to 5 times .
Side Plank
Lie on your side with a bent elbow directly under your shoulder and use your torso muscles to lift your hips up into a side plank .
Sculpt a Better Butt
Like a speed skater , with your feet under your hips , hop sideways to the left on left foot and touch right hand to the floor .
Alternate sides .
Do 3 sets of 20 .
Tone Your Hamstrings
Do deadlifts : Holding free weights , stand with feet hip - width apart .
Fold at your hips , keeping your back straight .
Move the hips backward as you lower your upper body until it 's parallel to the floor and the weights are just below your knees .
Slowly return to the starting position .
Do 10 reps .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
BP ‘s got a mole working on its cleanup team .
The company might be able to keep the press from getting to oiled - up Elmer ’s Island Wildlife Refuge , but as long as people have cell phones , it ’s going to have a hell of a time keeping Elmer ’s Island from getting to the press .
Late Wednesday night I talked to a spill worker involved in the efforts to clean up South Louisiana ’s barrier islands .
Let ’s call him Elmer , because we spoke under condition of strict anonymity .
Though he has n’t signed one of the BP contracts that bars workers from communicating with reporters , he has been told “ 500 times ” that if he talks , he ’s fired .
He certainly did n’t contact me because his politics are similar to mine .
“ George Bush was too liberal for me , ” he explained .
But : “ I like the media .
The country could n’t run without it , and it ’s important to have media from both the left and right . ”
He also called because on Tuesday BP told me ( again ) that I could n’t go to Elmer ’s Island with a producer from PBS ’s Need to Know because the road to it “ needed more gravel . ”
This was a lie : “ Everyone else , ” Elmer said , “ is driving on that road ” — about 20 cars and vans going up and down a day , and the re-graveling had happened the day before we arrived .
Since BP was making my job so much harder , Elmer wanted to make it a little easier .
BP ’s got good reason for wanting to keep insiders like Elmer away from reporters .
Elmer says that last Thursday , when the Coast Guard was announcing that the top kill seemed to be working , the cleanup supervisors on Grand Isle had already been informed it was a failure — which , of course , was not publicly announced until several days later .
And as more and more oil continues to deluge Louisiana shores , the cleanup efforts are slowing down .
Workers have spent inordinate amounts of time sitting around waiting to be utilized , a frustration echoed by other workers who talked to friends of mine who were on a day trip to the beach .
The workers are also upset because last Friday , many of them were n’t paid as scheduled .
According to Elmer , the mostly white foremen ( whom he welcomed me to picture as stereotypical gristly union - boss types ) told their mostly black subordinates that they did n’t want to hear any bitching about it and that if they had a problem they could go home .
Such unpleasant work in such an unpleasant environment and for such low pay ( as little as $ 10 an hour ) is , not surprisingly , leading to superhigh attrition .
Last week , there were 110 workers on Elmer ’s Island .
Right now , there are only 60 cleaning up the 1,700 - acre home to fish , shrimp , and crab nurseries .
( I called ES&H , the subcontractor running the cleanup show , for comment , but it only has one person who talks to the media , and that person was not available today . )
Elmer ’s Island was already in bad shape when I was there two weeks ago , but the fire chief of nearby Grand Isle told me yesterday that a massive slick of concentrated oil had been seen just offshore .
This morning , Elmer emailed me an update about the forbidden island .
“ I thought you might be interested to know , ” he wrote , “ there ’s a LOT more oil out on the beach now . ”
( If you appreciated Mac ’s story and the rest of our BP coverage , please consider making a tax - deductible donation . )
Even if you are n't a baseball fan , I hope you enjoy the below .
For two stadiums to be enshrined as miniature versions in someone 's back yard ... well , that tells me two things :
One , these stadiums are more than just baseball fields ; they are pieces of Americana .
Two , the people who built these things have a HUGE back yard .
--
Dan
The Little Field(s ) of Dreams
There 's a scaled - down version of Fenway Park in Vermont , quite literally built in someone 's back yard .
It 's called Little Fenway .
It 's a quarter - scale replica of the home of the Boston Red Sox , replete with a mini-Green Monster looming in left field a Citgo sign peeking in behind it .
The ballpark was built specifically for Wiffle Ball games , making it doubly cool .
And most impressively , the family that built it rents it out for charity games .
Little Fenway has raised over $ 800,000 for various charities in the eight years it 's been around , including over $ 230,000 last year alone .
And yes , you can book Little Fenway for your own use .
It 'll cost you $ 500 , and you can get more information here .
Not a Red Sox fan ?
No problem -- they also have a Little Wrigley , brick back fence and all .
No ivy , though .
Bonus Item : Wiffle Balls are made in Shelton , Connecticut -- and you used to be able to go on tours of the plant .
But their web site makes no mention of it ; a quick call to the company confirms that tours were discontinued a few years ago , citing dissent from their insurance company .
Oh well .
" What the law did was force the banks to rethink their business lines , their pricing strategies , their methodology for maintaining their balance sheet , " banking analyst Dick Bove of Rochdale Securities said in an interview .
" When they rethink it all , they will be able to offset all of the costs of this bill . "
The banks ' course of action likely will break down into four strategies :
1. Outfox the foxes
A harsh critic of the law , Bove is among the analysts who nevertheless believe banks will thrive .
One big reason is because he thinks industry executives will show that they 're smarter than the legislators who crafted financial reform , also known as FinReg .
" If you had anyone who knew anything about the financial industry writing this law , that 's one thing , " said Bove , who has called the law one of the worst in US history .
" But if you have a bunch of hysterics who were looking for political gain , you get something that was an abortion .
All it did was increase the cost of banking in the United States relative to the cost of banking in other countries . "
One of the loopholes will be challenging the government to decide what is " proprietary trading . "
Normally considered that trading which institutions do for their own benefit rather than their customers , observers have speculated the government will have a tough time enforcing an exact definition .
The same could go for the much - touted Volcker Rule — named after White House economic adviser and former Federal Reserve Chairman Paul Volcker — which restricts to 3 percent of Tier 1 capital the amount banks can hedge or put into private equity .
But Bove said banks like Goldman Sachs can sell private equity funds to a third party and then establish a management contract in which Goldman would run those funds and take a percentage of the increase in value " which presumably would be equal to the profit you were getting for holding the funds in the first place . "
" Although banks will be limited in how much they can invest in the funds along side with investors , managing the fund is still expected to garner meaningful management and incentive income , " analysts at Keefe , Bruyette & Woods wrote of the 3 percent restriction .
2. Going Overseas
As Bove stated , Congress enacted FinReg unilaterally — foreign banks do n't have to abide by the US rules , and US banks doing business overseas also can skirt FinReg in certain instances .
" The US is the world 's largest economy and has the largest and deepest capital markets .
There 's no way for any big bank to avoid the US , " said Doug Landy , banking partner at Allen and Overy in New York .
" But I think people are re-looking at what business they do here and what business they do elsewhere . "
While banks will have to be cautious not to cross regulatory restrictions , Bove said there are plenty of ways for financial companies to take their business outside the US .
Under the new rules , " You run the risk of the Federal Reserve saying , ' You 're interconnected , we 're going to regulate you , ' " he said .
" Or you can do it through a consolidated subsidiary in Switzerland .
Nobody sees it , so there 's no regulation .
So why should you do it here ? "
As I mentioned in an earlier post , I ’ve been mucking about with Hammer , the Valve level editor .
Doing so provides an interesting peek inside of Valve studios .
When Daikatana came out in 2000 , there was a joke about how the game was polished , but mired in the previous technological generation and old design philosophy .
It went something like , “ Diakatana : Best 1997 game released in 2000 . ”
Well , Hammer is my favorite level editor of 1999 .
Hammer was a perfectly fine level editor when they began work on Half - Life 2 .
But due to the long development cycle , by the time the thing came out in 2004 the editor was getting really , really long in the tooth .
I heartily approve of Valve sticking to the 2004 graphics tech , but a side effect of that is that they are also sticking to their 1999 level editor , which is now woefully out of date .
There is no two ways about it .
I do n’t care how brilliant their artists are or how familiar they are with the tools :
This sucker is slowing them down .
Imagine you ’re a sculptor .
You ’re making a statue in granite .
Only , you ca n’t make cuts with your eyes open .
You have to figure out what you want to do , then close your eyes and tap away with your hammer and chisel .
When you ’re done and you want to see the result of your cuts , it takes you five minutes to open your eyes .
( Although you do have an undo / save system , which a non-hypothetical sculptor wo n’t have .
Then again , a real sculptor never has to restart his chisel because the dang thing crashed again . )
Yes , a good artist can still turn out phenomenal work under these conditions , and Valve has some of the best .
A good sculptor will learn to make a lot of cuts and avoid stopping to look at their work until they really need to .
As the Guitar Hero + Rubik ’s Cube video proved , the human brain can be trained to do some remarkable things .
But if you ’re driven to produce work of high quality ( which Valve clearly is ) then a system that punishes the artist for iteration is painfully self - defeating .
The root of the problem is that the editor only gives you a vague notion of what the level will look like .
The editor shows the world with flat directional lighting .
No special effects , no fog , no shadows , no positional sources , no sunlight , no shaders of any kind , no bump mapping and no cube mapping .
If you want to see your work in - game , you must compile the level and then alt - tab over to the game and load it up .
( Note : do not even think about making levels unless your machine has the oomph to run several hefty applications at once without passing out . )
This takes a long time , much longer than a comparable level might take in another game engine .
What the level looks like in the editor .
What it actually looks like in the game .
Look at the above pictures and note the stage floor .
Black in the editor , glossy white in - game .
This is because it ’s “ shiny ” , and thus the editor is unable to show you how it would really look .
There are a lot of unpredictable differences like that .
If you were making that texture you would need to keep restarting the game every single time you made a change .
I ’m sure everyone reading this is aware of how long it takes to launch a game , load a level , and exit the game again .
Ouch .
If you were fiddling with the shadows and coloring in the above level you ’d have to sit through a compile and a loading screen every time you tweaked things , just to see how it all looked .
People developing for the Unreal engine do n’t have this problem .
The editor shows you exactly what the game will look like , lighting and all .
You only need to fire up the game when you want to test gameplay .
You do need to rebuild / compile once in a while , but an UnrealEd compile is way faster than a Hammer compile , you need to do them less often , and when it ’s done you see the results right away instead of alt - tabbing to the game , sitting through the loading screen , and then running around the level to see the parts that interest you .
( For comparison , my one - room auditorium is a 15 - second compile if you set it to “ quick and crappy ” .
In Unreal , the rebuild would be a blink - and - you ’ll - miss - it job . )
In Doom3 , the game IS the editor .
Just open up the console and type “ editor ” ( or something along those lines , it ’s been a while ) and “ poof ! ” you ’re editing the level you were just playing .
The lights and geometry update in realtime , so you do n’t need long compiles or loading screens .
You just work and work until you ’re ready to playtest .
It ’s completely WYSIWYG .
I have n’t tried it myself , but reportedly the Crysis editor does this one better :
You get seamless visual editing , and you can test physics within the editor .
( Also , the Hammer approach to BSP geometry is very , very old - school .
Half - Life 2 : Episode 2 looks like a current - gen game .
It ’s gorgeous .
But under the hood they ’re using optimization techniques that were out of date before HL2 even hit the shelves .
It ’s pretty technical , but if people actually want to read about how BSP tech has changed over the last decade I ’ll take a stab at explaining it . )
This handicap would n’t be so bad for other developers .
But given Valve ’s high artistic standards and their near - obsessive approach to lighting and atmosphere , the limitations of Hammer must be positively crippling .
I ’m actually shocked they ’re turning out episodes as fast as they are .
I ’ve fired up the new version of Hammer they ’re using for Left 4 Dead , and it ’s basically the same thing .
Valve is up against a wall here .
I ’ve said in the past that changing your tools is a painful move .
To update hammer now would mean throwing out most of it and building a new WYSIWYG editor on top of the game engine itself , which is how most other developers are doing things .
A programmer ( a good , talented programmer , not some cross-eyed intern ) could blow the better part of a year on a job like that .
And then there would be upheaval as the thing was rolled out , and it would slow the work of all of your projects : Episode 3 , Left 4 Dead 2 , Team Fortress , and whatever other projects they have cooking .
It ’s very much a pay - me - now - or - pay - me - later situation .
They have to pay this update cost sooner or later .
On one hand , the old tools are adding a ton of friction to their development process .
On the other hand , the fewer times you go through that in the life of your company , the better .
It ’s a shame things they turned out the way they did .
They do n’t actually need 2009 - level tools .
But the leap from 1998 to 2004 was a huge one , and if they were using 2003 level tools ( which would include WYSIWYG editor ) they would be in far , far better shape .
Norman Finkelstein comments on the State of Israel ’s unlawful blockade of Gaza , leading to its Navy ’s aggressive invasion of a humanitarian aid convoy ( 5:23 ) :
Yesterday morning , the Israel Navy invaded a flotilla of six ships carrying 10,000 tons of humanitarian aid to unlawfully , immorally blockaded Gaza Strip , killing and wounding scores of the hundreds of Good Samaritans .
The “ Freedom Flotilla ” was attacked in international waters and has been widely condemned by the international community and protesters around the world .
Professor Norman Finkelstein , in a Russia Today interview , asks whether Israel “ acts like a lunatic State or has become a lunatic State ” and concludes : “ Israel is a lunatic State ” .
He adds the question : “ Can a lunatic State be trusted with 2 - to 300 nuclear devices when it is now threatening its neighrbors , Iran and Lebanon , with an attack ? ”
Israel are preparing to station three “ submarines equipped with nuclear cruise missiles are to be deployed in the Gulf near the Iranian coastline ” , Uzi Mahnaimi reported this weekend at the Sunday Times of London .
“ The deployment is designed to act as a deterrent , gather intelligence and potentially to land Mossad agents , ” he added .
An anonymous “ Israeli security official ” claims Lebanon launched anti-aircraft artillery at Israeli warplanes flying over its airspace , but inflicting “ no damage ” .
The AFP notes the “ overflights violate U.N. Security Council [ UNSC ]
Resolution 1701 , which ended a devastating 2006 war ” initiated by Israel against the Lebanese , who issue “ almost daily reports of Israeli violations of its air space , but its military rarely opens fire unless the planes fly within range of its guns ” .
Israel has spent the last six weeks threatening a pre-emptive military strike on Syria and Lebanon , accusing the former of transporting Scud missiles to Hizbollah in southern Lebanon — a violation of UNSC 1701 .
The accusation has included that Syria has been playing as middleman between Iran and the former Lebanese ruling faction , Amos Harel recently reported at Ha’aretz .
Richard Beeston at the Times of London is reporting that “ security sources ” say satellite imagery of Syrian bases is proof — of some sort yet unknown — to validate this accusation .
His report adds :
Jihad Makdissi , the spokesman for the Syrian Embassy in London , insisted that all military sites in Syria were exclusive to the Syrian military .
“ Syria and Israel remain in a state of war as long as Israel refuses to implement [ UNSC 242 ] resolutions to end the occupation of Arab lands ; therefore if these military depots really exist it would be for the exclusive use of the Syrian Army to defend Syrian soil , and it is definitely nobody ’s business , ” he said .
The recent flotilla invasion by the Israel Defence Forces was an act of piracy , at the least ; international terrorism , to be most accurate .
Unlike Iran , Syria and Lebanon , Israel actually possess and proliferates nuclear weapons , threatening to use them and strategically stations them to do so .
While the government threatens Iran — which is exceeding past the mutual agreement of the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty ( N.P.T. ) by further opening up its weapons - grade - incapable nuclear program — Israel voices anger that 189 nation - states will convene at “ a conference in 2012 to discuss ridding the Middle East of weapons of mass destruction ” , as Janine Zacharia and Mary Beth Sheridan report at The Washington Post .
Israel neither confirms nor denies itself as being armed with nuclear weapons of mass destruction and is not a signatory to the N.P.T .
Spokespeople routinely condemn accusations toward its nuclear program when transparency is consensually called upon .
Ha’aretz recently reported Israel ’s “ nuclear ambiguity ” is a “ strategic advantage ” , according to an unnamed Israeli official , and that “ it would not sign the N.P.T. until a comprehensive Arab - Israel peace deal is in place ” .
Conveniently , it makes no effort to further such a “ peace deal “ , but only makes regressive propositions , backed by the U.S .
Along with a “ secret pledge ” by the Obama Administration to perpetuate the secrecy of Israel ’s nuclear weapons arsenal , it was prepared to deliver ‘ bunker - buster ’ bombs with devastating potential to Israel before re-routing them to Diego Garcia , an island viciously stolen from indigenous people to be used as a military base from which it could “ run the planet “ .
The re-routing is simply more convenient to reach Iran than directly from Israel .
Bearing in mind that Iran is incapable of nuclear weapons and has not invaded or occupied territories further than its recognized borders in memorable history , what would be the response were Iran to invade Israel ’s nuclear - armed submarines that actually pose an existential threat to Iranian security ?
Now imagine if it pirated a civilian flotilla carrying thousands of tons of humanitarian aid to a forcefully blockaded territory in the midst of an Iranian - imposed humanitarian crisis .
My former pedagogue is right is that Israel is a lunatic State and he would agree with me — though in the context of this interview , it would ’ve be a red herring — that all nation - states are lunatic .
But the perpetuity of the U.S. - Israeli lunacy brings to mind my favorite quote from my favorite philosopher , Jiddu Krishnamurti :
“ It is no measure of health to be well - adjusted to a profoundly sick society . ”
Roderick Long , a heroic left - libertarian philosophy professor at Auburn University , calls this lunacy , “ The Logick of Kings , ” when : “ The Israeli government explains that it had to kill innocent people because they defended themselves when attacked . ”
The grasping for straws to shape a dualistic narrative on Israel ’s recent terrorist piracy is shaped as efforts toward objectivity .
The truth is that recognizing the validity of Israel ’s apologists as some sort of ‘ other side of the issue ’ deserving a significant degree of validity to constantly be measured up with — or in the U.S. manufactured to dominate — the truth of Israel ’s lunacy .
I do n’t support suppression of such speech , but in any society not -lunatic would be publicized in order to be ridiculed like Sarah Palin , Orly Taitz or Glenn Beck .
Instead , the lunacy of Harvard University Professor Alan Dershowitz is measured to a high degree of validity within the discourse and enjoys the privilege of regularly spreading his lunatic hatred and blacklisting at the — so - called ‘ liberal ’ — Huffington Post .
As long as the Obama Administration enables this lunatic State with its own lunacy of financially and diplomatically enabling it — by vetoing every UNSC resolution of condemnation — my co-editor is correct that “ no one in their right mind could accurately refute calling this a ‘ U.S. - Israeli ’ attack on a humanitarian convoy ” .
Lunacy , no matter how collective or powerful the collective , is lunacy , nonetheless .
EDIT : The Turkish foreign minister spoke against the “ banditry ” , “ piracy ” and “ murder conducted by a State ” of Israel ’s actions .
He noted that it has “ lost its legitimacy as a respectful member of the international community ” U.N. , condemning Israel ’s “ use of force ” as an “ act of aggression ” .
He correctly notes it is an “ advocate of aggression ” ( 3:50 ) :
Yesterday , CNN - IBN reported Turkey vowed to continue allowing aid to set sail from its coast to aid the Gaza Strip , but will be escorted by the its Navy .
To which , Sayyid pointed :
Today ’s attack by Israel is a terrorist attack by any serious definition of “ international terrorism ” .
A future attack , with the Turkish Navy escort , would be an act of war in international waters .
Israel could claim Turkish provocation by aiding to break the blockade , but this is nullified by the fact that the blockade itself is an illegal act of war .
Turkey is a NATO member - state is ‘ good standing ’ .
An aggressive act of war by the Israeli Navy would effectively be one against the U.S. , 26 European nation - states and Canada .
I ’m compelled to add that allegations of the flotilla being more cynical activism than a humanitarian mission is pure bullshit because the aim of such talking points are to form a narrative that Israel ’s act were of self - defense .
Israel ’s aggression in international waters was clearly a political message that anyone who seeks to intervene in its efforts to force Palestinians to “ live like dogs ” , as then - Israeli Defence Minister Moshe Dayan stated after its 1967 war with Syria , and “ see where this process leads ” .
The key being : “ this process ” , controlled by the U.S. - Israeli -Egyptian cabal .
Any deviation from this control is viewed as a threat to the violent domination of the Palestinian people against which must be defended with extreme prejudice — with full force .
Lunacy , dammit .
EDIT2 : Over 500 634 of the flotilla passengers are being held in detention camps set up well before the naval invasion ; 45 refused court hearings and were deported , Jonathan Ferzinger and Calev Ben- David report at Bloomberg ( via Business Week ) .
The number of the dead are reported as “ at least nine ” by Al Jazeera ( AJ ) — though yesterday it was reporting 19 and Israel Army Radio reported 16 .
Here ’s today ’s full update posted by AJ ( 10:00 ) :
The I.D.F. posted the passengers ’ resistance to the Navy ’s invasion at its YouTube channel , showing the terrorist invaders being beaten with clubs and chairs and other random objects .
It is said that live fire was used by the passengers , but no evidence shows the passengers were acting in any way other than self - defense to the invasion ( 1:02 ) :
From the statement attached :
Large groups of passengers surrounded soldiers and beat them with metal poles and chairs , and threw one soldier over the side of the ship .
Some passengers grabbed pistols from the I.D.F. soldiers and opened fire .
As a result of the attacks , seven I.D.F. soldiers were injured , and nine of the passengers were killed .
The ‘ Free Gaza ’ Flotilla had publicly insisted on their non-violent intentions , however their violent attack on the I.D.F. soldiers was clearly premeditated .
They had knives , metal rods , firebombs and other items ready to use .
Israel clearly prepared to aggressively engage the flotilla with force — about which Sayyid wrote , late last week — with detention camps , mass mobilization of the Navy into international waters and an invasion clear preceded by reconnaissance .
Good for them for preparing to defend against Israel ’s terrorist aggression .
Express solidarity with these heroic Good Samaritans for effort to defend the defenseless and themselves against the Israel Offensive Forces — this terrorist gang .
In fact , ( h/t : Stephen Webster ) shots are heard from the I.D.F. before the invasion and after passengers waved a white flag .
An AJ producer and Press TV reporter are reporting tear gas and shots being fired in footage , clearly , filmed before the invasion ( 9:35 ) :
Dorian Jones and Helena Smith have an article at the London Guardian of passenger accounts that :
First , there was fire from the I.D.F .
Next , smoke and gas canisters were launched onto the ships .
Then , the I.D.F. invaded .
After that , flotilla passengers resisted
Whether or not the flotilla was even equipped to exchange fire or soft - arms seacraft - to - seacraft resistance , I have yet to see .
Israel apologists and flotilla demonizers do n’t even need to accept basic principles of proportionality , in accordance with international law , but just the primal knowledge that the flotilla posed no threat to sinking or damaging an I.D.F. vessel .
Accepting this basic truth is the first step away from lunacy .
Accepting this and continuing to deny the I.D.F. committed unlawful , immoral “ acts of aggression ” is lunacy to a higher degree .
EDIT3 : Egypt will open the Rafah border crossing to Gaza “ to allow medical and humanitarian aid ” , according to a state - run news agency and reported by Mr. Ferzinger and Ben-David .
Hamas said in a statement that the border would be open from 8:30 a.m. to 7:00 p.m .
They also report another ship will attempt to break the blockade .
Also , the UNSC has been said to have condemned the attack , it “ fell short of a resolution ” , Thalif Deen reports at Inter Press Services .
The U.S. rejected resolution drafts calling for an international inquiry , holding out that Israel ought to investigate the aggression it ordered the I.D.F. to conduct , Chris McGreal reports at the Guardian .
The five permanent UNSC members — the U.S. , Britain , Russia , China and France — have ultimate veto power over all binding resolutions .
Basically , any resolution calling for a U.N. or E.U. joint inquiry with another international body would ’ve been approved by 14 of the 15 nations and vetoed by the Obama Administration .
It seems to not want another Goldstone Report to condemn with piss running down their legs .
Also , I have to tip my glass to the Financial Times ( FT ) — and Prof .
Finkelstein for sending it to me because I would n’t have caught it since I canceled my subscription .
( If you ’re not a subscriber , he posted it in full at his website here . )
Their editorial page holds back no punches , saying Israel “ dealt a blow to the legitimacy of its own struggle ” as the flotilla attack sent it “ hurtling into lawlessness ” , recognizing “ the true outrage is the illegal blockade of Gaza that it enforced ” .
The FT recognizes Israel ’s blockade is sold with that the “ goal is to weaken Hamas ” , but “ the illegal collective punishment it implies , only shores up Hamas ’s support ” by turning “ Gaza into a mafia - run statelet ” , adding :
Hamas engages in terrorism and fires occasional rockets into Israel , but it is an example of that rarest of Middle Eastern species : a popularly elected government .
It has also signed up to the 2002 comprehensive peace offer by the Arab League and the Organisation of the Islamic Conference .
If this is a bluff , it is one Israel has yet to call .
That is what this is ultimately about .
Israel ’s government has been pretending it is ready to negotiate for peace , but that there is no one to negotiate with on the other side .
The attack on the blockade - busters lays bare the country ’s slide into contempt for international law , intolerance of dissent and wilful [ sic ] sabotage of viable representation for Palestinians .
Israel has always known the importance of its conduct being judged legal by the world ’s leading powers .
Those powers — in the body of the Quartet and the U.N. Security Council — must now make clear it has gone too far .
Compare this excessive level of honesty with that of The Washington Post ( WaPo ) editors who seem fixated on sympathizing with the I.D.F. soldiers confronted by “ militants who swarmed around them with knives and iron bars ” .
The editors clearly expressed they “ have no sympathy for the motives of the participants in the flotilla — a motley collection that included European sympathizers with the Palestinian cause , Israeli Arab leaders and Turkish Islamic activists ” .
All of that said , even the WaPo concedes “ the threat to Israel was political rather than military ” .
That said , it ’s very dangerous to view this terrorist act of aggressive piracy when it adds that “ lethal force only compounded the error ” .
There was no “ error ” .
The invasion was deliberate and the resistance was defensive .
That ’s One Angry Fan ( GIF )
It is anyone ’s guess who this angry fan was cheering for , or against .
Perhaps her heart lies with Mexico , who were the victims of a missed offside which led to Argentina ’s opening goal in a 3 - 0 route .
Or maybe she is one of the many English supporters who are still feeling robbed after Frank Lampard ’s shot off the crossbar was wrongfully deemed no goal .
Whatever the case may be , this is clearly one disgruntled fan that any referee , and / or husband , may want to steer clear of .
Share This
Originality In Gaming : An Observation Of The Industry Today
Kenneth Richardson July 15 , 2010 3:35 PM
EST
Right now if you were to ask me which game I thought would win game of the year 2010 my response would probably be a sequel of some kind .
Things have become quite banal in games as of late .
Personally , it seems like we just see one big shooter after another , with various tidbits of unique titles here and there .
It ’s the middle of July , meaning there are less days left in 2010 than there are days that have gone by .
What fresh noteworthy game has come this year ?
As difficult as it might be , try to limit your response to non-sequel games also .
You may find that the pickings are quite slim .
For perspective , let ’s reflect on what made 2009 a great year in gaming and explore whether or not there is still hope for the rest of this year .
Thrilling RTS Plants Vs Zombies was praised for its ’ rock solid RTS mechanics .
Vast RPG - FPS hybrid Borderlands debuted to commercial and critical success .
Action / Adventure effort inFAMOUS established itself firmly as a strong new IP .
Bioware ’s newest RPG Dragon Age : Origins pleased fans of the genre immensely and the greatest platformer ever reinvented itself with New Super Mario Bros .
Wii .
The list goes on …
The Batman game Arkham Asylum that shocked everyone by delivering quality game play , the downloadable title Braid that won over critics everywhere , the PSN title flower that reached a new precedent in interactive entertainment are all examples of how original things were last year .
Of course there was the surplus of high quality sequels : Assassins Creed 2 , Street Fighter IV , Uncharted 2 , but they did little to outshine the newcomers .
All things considered 2009 was , in a way , the year of the new , the sleeper hit , the uncharted ( no pun intended ) .
Fast forward to now , when two of the most hyped games of the year are the sixth Halo title and the seventh Call of Duty game .
The fact that both of these are first person shooters helps further my point .
There is also the anticipated FPS Killzone 3 .
Taking the same reflective look back at the past six and a half months is actually a little depressing .
Not to imply , however , that there have n’t been a few noteworthy efforts .
The widely praised Bayonetta and Zelda inspired adventure title Darksiders make up two highlights .
Interactive drama Heavy Rain attracted plenty of attention with its dedication to storytelling .
The much hyped and overall disappointing Alan Wake made gamers wait five years for a rather flawed venture .
The lauded Red Dead Redemption and much less than perfect Blur seem to make up the rest of this year ’s unique games .
Subpar shooters MAG and Section 8 cram even more monotony into the shooting genre while falling short to add all they were expected to contribute to the diluted design style .
So now we come to the sequels and our options multiply .
God of War 3 is a contender for game of the year .
Battlefield Bad Company 2 delivered FPS mechanics with a focus on team play .
Skate 3 is considered a rather poor example of the skateboarding genre .
Bioshock 2 failed before it could succeed , touting the name of its universally acclaimed prequel .
Lost Planet 2 has been the target of many acidic opinions , most criticism aimed at its distinct focus on multi-player .
Mass Effect 2 makes up another GOTY contender .
Sequels Crackdown 2 , Puzzle Quest 2 and Ninety Nine Nights 2 appeal exclusively to fans of their original installations .
Just Cause 2 offers fresh sandbox game play and Iron Man 2 is quickly becoming one of the worst reviewed games of the year .
Tiger Woods PGA
Tour 11 , NCAA Football 11 and UFC Undisputed 2010 give players more of what they ’ve become accustomed to with only slight improvements .
Red Steel 2 and Sin and Punishment 2 help fill out the Wii ’s sequels .
Let ’s not forget Super Mario Galaxy 2 , yet another GOTY contender .
Fans have been very excited about Fable 3 and Dead Space 2 , which are planned for this year as well .
Recent footage reveals Mortal Kombat 9 .
Will it be slated for this year also ?
This month we will see the release of the long awaited StarCraft II and BlazBlue : Continuum Shift , sequel to last year ’s fighting masterpiece .
So what gives with all these part twos , threes , fours , fives , nines , thirteens , etcetera ?
At this point in the year , it would n’t be unfair to dub 2010 the “ Year of the Sequels ” .
Coming back to the first point , originality in games today , I would have to say things are not looking up .
There is however , certainly hope for a 180 .
An epic turn of events that would permit us to say one year from now that the first half of 2010 was just sequels but that things really heated up after the second quarter .
Here are a few of the reasons I have n’t lost faith in this year :
1. ) The Tokyo Game Show : even though games that debut at TGS normally drop later in the States than in Japan , the event is exciting nonetheless .
Huge publishers / developers like Square Enix , Namco Bandai , Capcom and even Nintendo keep aces up their sleeves for this industry event .
Last year , we saw the reveal of Bayonetta , game - play from the still unreleased Gran Turismo 5 , details on the coveted Dead Rising 2 and sought after footage from Final Fantasy XIII .
While E3 may have been disappointing to some in its own right , TGS gives developers a redemption shot .
2. ) Motion Gaming 2.0 :
You knew I was going to say something about them ; the new casual gaming peripherals that are all the rage , Move and Kinect .
While I know little has been revealed for these new platforms , they bring with them the promise of a myriad of new gaming opportunities .
Child of Eden for Kinect looks more original than any game I ’ve seen recently , and Sorcery for the Move looks to tread new ground as well .
Things will only improve ; I am really excited to see what we ’ll get for these in the second half of the year as well as 2011 .
I stand with the majority who believe there will be almost exclusively shovel - ware available at launch .
However , with the arrival of the holiday season ( see below ) there is even more hope for the new add - ons .
3. ) The Holiday Season :
While most games that drop in the final quarter of the year have been announced before that time , there have been exceptions to this in the past .
While its coming had been foretold , not much was said of 2009 ’s biggest game until the holiday season .
I am referring of course , to Modern Warfare 2 , which came from out of nowhere to compete with Uncharted 2 as the very best title of last year .
It is arguable that the highest quality titles are put on standby until we enter quarter 4 , and if the last few years are any indication , we have more ahead of us than behind us .
4. ) Codename : KINGDOMS : Yes , I ’m referring to the game revealed during the Xbox 360 conference at E3 .
It is exciting because of both how much and how little we know about it .
We know that it will utilize the Crytek graphics engine and is supposedly a 360 exclusive .
We do n’t know … anything else about it , but there ’s a solid chance that it will come out this year , which is even more exciting .
The short teaser trailer revealed very little about it , but the unknown is always promising .
5. ) Vanquish : I have been calling Vanquish the TPS to end all TPSs .
The ambience , the ambition , the prospect of a single player shooting game , the legendary lineage , the iron core development ( past works include Bayonetta , which I ’ll speak on in a moment ) everything about the game is exciting .
It looks to separate itself from the droves of shooting games available , and that ’s a task I have to see to believe .
In the sheer attempt they deserve an A for effort .
This game exemplifies creativity in every frame I have seen of it .
Without a doubt , Vanquish is one of the reasons there is still innovation to be found in gaming and I am thoroughly excited about it .
Hence , this year may not have brought many spectacular games yet ( some , but not many ) but it is certainly not too late to see this change .
I hope to be pleasantly surprised by game releases for the rest of this year .
Creativity is a waning element in video games today and the culprit is profit .
Well known franchises and the concept of an endless series are best bets in the business of gaming .
In this aspect , things are only going to get worse .
With men like Bobby Kotick standing at the forefront of the industry , one really has to wonder , who will become the general demographic ?
Will the core , tried and true gamers be an afterthought in the tidal wave of franchise and sequel releases ?
Will we trade places with the casual gamer as the overt focus of the industry ?
It does n’t seem too farfetched at this point .
Why else would we see over a dozen major sequel and remake releases in only six months with tons to come ?
The art side of this industry is clearly in danger .
In spite of this , I do n’t think that creativity in games will recede any further .
There are still passionate developers like the famed Hideo Kojima working to create excellent games .
We see so many shooters because they sell , and the reverse can be said about any kind of unique or innovative game .
We do n’t see them very much because they may not sell well .
For a quick example , look no further than 2008 ’s gloriously slept on Mirrors Edge , one of my personal favorite games of all time .
The gems we have received this year , while few , are still nothing to scoff at .
Bayonetta , perhaps one of the most creative and breakthrough games ever released , features a long haired witch with guns on her feet who slays angels .
It ’s arguable that this breakout , over - the - top attitude is to blame for the game ’s less than amazing sales .
Yet it is widely known by the true gaming community that sales say little about quality , and thus is this title ’s case .
Red Dead Redemption mixes an old western ambience with fine tuned sandbox game - play to make for a gaming experience unlike anything else .
Heavy Rain throws game - play depth to the wind for the reward of a narrative so strong , it separates it from all other games and carves its own genre .
Alan
Wake utilizes simple light and dark mechanics to place greater burden on the game ’s horror aspects , and the result is a unique , if flawed , adventure title .
All of these games teem with innovation and creativity , effectively defining them in gaming history .
From the moment you perform that first satisfying torture attack in Bayonetta , you will know that games are evolving and ascending to a euphoric level of entertainment .
The corporate machine will only produce more and more uninspired shooters and sequels .
Deep down inside , you know this and you also know that people will buy them .
However , as long as there is still passion in the industry , there will still be marvelous games .
So long as there are visionaries like David Cage and Hideki Kamiya in this industry , creativity in games is going nowhere fast so hold on to that last shred of hope and appreciate those original titles because they need your support more than you might know .
First , my apologies for jumping into your forumSecondly , we used to live near the abortion clinic in southern Illinois across from St Louis .
Used to stand outside it and pray .
A friend of mine helped with offering ultrasounds in a van on the street .
My old Sunday School teachers used to , and possibly still do , work for the CPCs in the area .
There were two main incidents that I remember .
One was a young woman being carried in by a full grown man , boyfriend / pimp / brother we do n't know , kicking and screaming for help .
Not one of the protesters were able to help this young woman that was being forced to have an abortion because of the law .
The other incident was when a mother left her toddler in a car to go in for her abortion .
The protesters stood watch over the car from their designated distance .
It was cold and the mother left the car on .
The car shifted and ran into the fence ( thank God there was a fence ! ) .
The protesters then went and rescued the child , called authorities , etc .
The police in that town refused to press charges of child endangerment .
The clinic can get away with murder , no pun intented though well suited , and they are protected by the crooked politics and law enforcement of the area .
So , for those of us that have lived within a hundred miles of that clinic , none of this is news to us .
Teachers , counselors , etc have been known to transport minors from at least five surrounding states for abortions .
Most Americans still appear to be operating under the delusion that the “ recession ” will soon pass and that things will get back to “ normal ” very soon .
Unfortunately , that is not anywhere close to the truth .
What we are now witnessing are the early stages of the complete and total breakdown of the U.S. economic system .
The U.S. government , state governments , local governments , businesses and American consumers have collectively piled up debt that is equivalent to approximately 360 percent of GDP .
At no point during the Great Depression ( or at any other time during our history ) did we ever come close to such a figure .
We have piled up the biggest mountain of debt that the world has ever seen , and now that gigantic debt bubble is beginning to pop .
As this house of cards comes crashing down , the economic pain is going to become almost unimaginable .
Already , things are really , really , really bad out there .
Unemployment is at shockingly high levels .
Foreclosures and personal bankruptcies continue to set new all - time records .
Businesses are being shut down at a staggering rate , more than 40 million Americans are on food stamps , and the U.S. government continues to pile up debt at blinding speed .
There is no use sugar - coating it .
The U.S. economy is collapsing .
The following are 40 bizarre statistics that reveal the truth about the collapse of the U.S. economy ….
1 – According to one shocking new survey , 28 % of U.S. households have at least one member that is looking for a full - time job .
2 – A recent Pew Research survey found that 55 percent of the U.S. labor force has experienced either unemployment , a pay decrease , a reduction in hours or an involuntary move to part - time work since the recession began .
3 – There are 9.2 million Americans that are unemployed but that are not receiving an unemployment insurance check .
4 – In America today , the average time needed to find a job has risen to a record 35.2 weeks .
5 – According to one analysis , the United States has lost 10.5 million jobs since 2007 .
6 – China ’s trade surplus ( much of it with the United States ) climbed 140 percent in June compared to a year earlier .
7 – This is what American workers now must compete against : in China a garment worker makes approximately 86 cents an hour and in Cambodia a garment worker makes approximately 22 cents an hour .
8 – According to a poll taken in 2009 , 61 percent of Americans “ always or usually ” live paycheck to paycheck .
That was up significantly from 49 percent in 2008 and 43 percent in 2007 .
9 – According to a recent poll conducted by Bloomberg , 71 % of Americans say that it still feels like the economy is in a recession .
10 – Banks repossessed 269,962 U.S. homes during the second quarter of 2010 , which was a new all - time record .
11 – Banks repossessed an average of 4,000 South Florida properties a month in the first half of 2010 , up 83 percent from the first half of 2009 .
12 – According to RealtyTrac , a total of 1.65 million U.S. properties received foreclosure filings during the first half of 2010 .
13 – The Mortgage Bankers Association recently announced that demand for loans to purchase U.S. homes has sunk to a 13 - year low .
14 – Only the top 5 percent of U.S. households have earned enough additional income to match the rise in housing costs since 1975 .
15 – 1.41 million Americans filed for personal bankruptcy in 2009 – a 32 percent increase over 2008 .
16 – Back in 1950 each retiree ’s Social Security benefit was paid for by 16 workers .
Today , each retiree ’s Social Security benefit is paid for by approximately 3.3 workers .
By 2025 it is projected that there will be approximately two workers for each retiree .
17 – According to a new poll , six of 10 non-retirees believe that Social Security wo n’t be able to pay them benefits when they stop working .
18 – 43 percent of Americans have less than $ 10,000 saved for retirement .
19 – According to one survey , 36 percent of Americans say that they do n’t contribute anything to retirement savings .
20 – According to one recent survey , 24 % of American workers say that they have postponed their planned retirement age in the past year .
21 – The Conference Board ’s Consumer Confidence Index declined sharply to 52.9 in June .
Most economists had expected that the figure for June would be somewhere around 62 .
22 – Retail sales in the U.S. fell in June for a second month in a row .
23 – Vacancies and lease rates at U.S. shopping centers continued to get worse during the second quarter of 2010 .
24 – Consumer credit in the United States has contracted during 15 of the past 16 months .
25 – During the first quarter of 2010 , the total number of loans that are at least three months past due in the United States increased for the 16th consecutive quarter .
26 – Things are now so bad in California that in the region around the state capital , Sacramento , there is now one closed business for every six that are still open .
27 – The state of Illinois now ranks eighth in the world in possible bond - holder default .
The state of California is ninth .
28 – More than 25 percent of Americans now have a credit score below 599 , which means that they are a very bad credit risk .
29 – On Friday , U.S. regulators closed down three banks in Florida , two in South Carolina and one in Michigan , bringing to 96 the number of U.S. banks to be shut down so far in 2010 .
30 – The FDIC ’s deposit insurance fund now has negative 20.7 billion dollars in it , which represents a slight improvement from the end of 2009 .
31 – The U.S. federal budget deficit has topped $ 1 trillion with three months still to go in the current budget year .
32 – According to a U.S. Treasury Department report to Congress , the U.S. national debt will top $ 13.6 trillion this year and climb to an estimated $ 19.6 trillion by 2015 .
33 – The M3 money supply plunged at a 9.6 percent annual rate during the first quarter of 2010 .
34 – According to a new poll of Americans between the ages of 44 and 75 , 61 % said that running out money was their biggest fear .
The remaining 39 % thought death was scarier .
35 – One study found that as of 2007 , the bottom 80 percent of American households held about 7 % of the liquid financial assets .
36 – The bottom 40 percent of all income earners in the United States now collectively own less than 1 percent of the nation ’s wealth .
37 – The number of Americans with incomes below the official poverty line rose by about 15 % between 2000 and 2006 , and by 2008 over 30 million U.S. workers were earning less than $ 10 per hour .
38 – According to one recent study , approximately 21 percent of all children in the United States are living below the poverty line in 2010 – the highest rate in 20 years .
39 – For the first time in U.S. history , more than 40 million Americans are on food stamps , and the U.S. Department of Agriculture projects that number will go up to 43 million Americans in 2011 .
40 – A new Rasmussen Reports national telephone survey has found that just 23 % of American voters nationwide believe the federal government today has the consent of the governed .
In order to be able to continue giving you the best Sail Simulator experience , we will be maintaining the Sail Simulator server on Monday December 2nd 2019 from 8:00 AM UTC .
As a result , you may experience problems with playing Sail Simulator online .
The server will be accessible again on Tuesday December 3rd .
A rambling Computerworld report from Cisco's Live !
event is bringing us news of even more goodies , beyond the business and home tablets already revealed .
In an interview with Marthin De Beer , Senior VP of Cisco 's Emerging Technologies Group , De Beer strongly hints at a WiFi enabled Flip Video camera by the end of 2010 .
While he did n't say it in so many words , he did say , " We did n't buy Flip to have it be only a video recorder , " adding , " I look forward to Christmas , " when asked about a possible timeline .
That seems clear enough .
The conversation then gets muddied when De Beer begins discussing video as a " pervasive play " for Cisco , something that will " ultimately span across everything we do . "
And in a bid to interoperate with all devices , including Apple 's new handset and certainly future iOS devices , De Beer said , " We would absolutely love to integrate with FaceTime . "
When , is the question left unanswered .
Until then Cisco plans to introduce a mobile Movi iPhone app to the App Store that ties back into Cisco 's Tandberg SIP - based video conferencing solution .
Now , maybe it's a stretch , but with Cisco slowly creeping into the consumer space , it 's hard not to take away a sense that it will be introducing software and devices interoperable with its Silicon Valley neighbor 's FaceTime solution in the not too distant future .
Hit the source to read the interview in full .
This was our first attempt using the new setup : lighting ( Interfit Cool Lite 9 ) , copy stand and Canon G11
This panorama was done as part of a larger collection digitization effort at the North Carolina State University Insect Museum , funded by the National Science Foundation ( NSF DBI - 0847924 ) .
The purpose of this image is to enable virtual browsing of our research collection .
The snapshot feature of this website allows for annotations of these images , including : taxonomic determination of specimens , suggested corrections , questions , and loan requests .
For more information about the museum , please visit insectmuseum.org .
JOHANNESBURG
Dear Diego :
It is high time that we critics say sorry , and thank you .
We misjudged your appointment as coach .
We believed that Julio Grondona , the 78 - year - old president of Argentina ’s soccer federation , had lost all sense of reason in asking you , a fading icon without a coaching badge , to pick up a broken national team and lead it through this World Cup .
Well , so much for so - called expertise .
Whatever happens between Argentina and Germany in Cape Town on Saturday , your team has been the joy of this tournament .
You have breathed life into an overly cautious era in the sport .
Your players — Lionel Messi , of course , and Carlos Tévez , Gonzalo Higuaín and others — have blown away inhibition .
The talent is obvious , even to us failed know - it - alls .
The group of players you inherited was clearly unbalanced .
You have more forwards than you need , and too few defenders of real quality .
Taser International Inc. is challenging the findings of the Braidwood Inquiry into the death of Robert Dziekanski at Vancouver Airport in 2007 .
Photograph by : Taser International , File
VANCOUVER —
A commissioner 's damning report on the use of Tasers in British Columbia is bad for business , a lawyer for the company that makes the stun gun argued in a Vancouver courtroom on Monday .
Taser International is challenging the findings of the first phase of an inquiry probing the use of the weapons in the province .
In his July 2009 report , commissioner Thomas Braidwood concluded that " conducted - energy weapons do have the capacity to cause serious injury or death " and that risk increases with multiple uses and when aimed near the heart .
But Taser lawyer David Neave told a B.C. Supreme Court judge Monday that Tasers are a safe weapon that do not cause serious harm or death .
He said Braidwood ignored most of the academic and medical literature submitted by the company .
Taser International officials submitted 174 academic and medical articles but Braidwood only referred to 60 in his report .
The company filed its legal challenge in August 2009 after the release of Braidwood 's report following the first phase of the public inquiry .
The second phase of Braidwood 's inquiry focused on the circumstances of the death of Polish immigrant Robert Dziekanski who was Tasered five times by RCMP officers at the Vancouver International Airport in October 2007 .
Braidwood released his second report in June , saying that the Taser hits contributed to his death .
He also found the use of the weapon was not justified .
Four Mounties responded to a 911 call reporting a possibly drunk man throwing around furniture at the airport .
Within 30 seconds of arriving at the scene , Dziekanski was Tasered five times and handcuffed .
He died face - down on the airport floor .
The incident was captured on video by a bystander with a cellphone , and made headlines around the world .
An autopsy later found that Dziekanski , who did not speak English , had no drugs or alcohol in his system .
Before he was confronted by police , the 40 - year - old had spent about nine hours wandering around the international arrivals area looking for his mother .
Airport officials told her to go home to Kamloops , B.C. , because her son could n't be found .
Taser 's legal challenge is scheduled to be heard by Justice Robert Sewell over five days .
The company is hoping to quash parts nine and 10 of Braidwood 's first report .
Part nine outlines the various medical and scientific research done in Canada and internationally on conducted - energy weapons
Part 10 of Braidwood 's recommendations included restrictions on the use of the stun guns by police and the need for more training .
In London on July 22 , 2005 , two weeks after the series of terror attacks that killed and injured dozens , police detectives killed a dark - skinned man who had fled into the subway system .
The man was identified as Jean Charles de Menezes , a Brazilian .
The police tried to stand behind their officers ; court verdicts at various levels of the process contradicted each other and reeked of a cover-up .
In the end , in a fairly drawn - out process , it was determined that de Menezes had been shot in the head at close range and that the police had misled the public .
Those directly responsible for the killing were not punished , but Sir Ian Blair , the commissioner of the London Metropolitan Police , had to resign years later .
The Daily Telegraph reported that Blair 's " job had been in peril since firearms officers mistakenly killed the innocent Brazilian electrician . "
Al - Qaida , suicide bombers and the dead and injured could not be used as cover .
It is difficult to imagine that a public security minister there would continue at his post after launching a public campaign against a court verdict .
Israel , in contrast , is gradually relinquishing the rule of law and becoming a tribe .
The killing of an Arab is immediately associated with " the Middle Eastern reality . "
A demand for restraint becomes " living in a bubble . "
A shrugging off of all inhibitions is now typical of relations between the right , including Kadima , and the creators of the news as purveyors of cheap thrills .
It 's clear that the passion to protect private property by imposing the death penalty is not what played the primary role here , but rather contempt for the life of an Arab .
Is there a law ?
We 'll thumb our noses at it .
That 's how the incitement went on after the Turkish flotilla , with no questions about what is permissible and what is not .
That 's how the incitement sounded against MK Hanin Zuabi , and that 's how the sanctions against her look .
If detective Shahar Mizrahi had killed a Jewish criminal , there probably would not have been such well - orchestrated moral panic by Liebermanian elements in government and the leaders of the yellow journalistic flotilla .
There is something arousing , attractive and low about incitement , about permitting the forbidden .
The culture of posting comments online , the yellow submarine that is all about the pleasure of the anonymous forbidden statement , has infected sensationalist journalism with its aphids .
The police are not the problem .
The need of the High Court of Justice to " describe the details of the incident " has once again exposed a lazy media that is not interested in the facts and is fed by a political leadership that has no verbal or other inhibitions .
After all , " we " are not really allowed to do everything and " they " are not forbidden from doing everything .
There are things that are legal and things that are illegal .
Now the campaign against the Palestinian boycott of products from the settlements is traveling the same road with no boundaries , and has already invented a legalistic name ahead of the next panic : " economic terror . "
We are allowed to organize boycotts , against Sweden and Turkey , for example .
The Palestinians are not allowed to organize boycotts at all .
Why ?
Because they are our subjects , lacking rights , born to slavery .
They only buy from us .
They may not sell , except for very cheap labor , of course , in small doses .
A decade ago a few of the doves came complaining to the Palestinians that they were not using " passive opposition " against the occupation .
As if every protest march had not always been deemed a violent act .
Now our legislators - and in their footsteps the purveyors and consumers of cheap thrills - have turned this legitimate struggle into terror that must be punished .
To return to the London example , Ehud Barak 's confrontational statement that " this is the Middle East , this is not Europe " has long become a slogan of bogus citizenship in a Western democracy .
It befits a smooth Swiss officer from a provincial kibbutz on the coastal plain , as well as a Swedish bar bouncer from Kishinev .
The High Performance Computing Act of 1991 ( HPCA ) is an Act of Congress promulgated in the 102nd United States Congress as ( Pub.L. 102–194 ) on December 9 , 1991 .
Often referred to as the Gore Bill , [ 1 ] it was created and introduced by then Senator Al Gore , and led to the development of the National Information Infrastructure and the funding of the National Research and Education Network ( NREN ) . [ 1 ] [ 2 ] [ 3 ]
Background [ edit ]
The act built on prior U.S. efforts of developing a national networking infrastructure , starting with the technological foundation of the ARPANET in the 1960s and continuing through the funding of the National Science Foundation Network ( NSFnet ) in the 1980s .
The renewed effort became known in popular language as building the Information superhighway . [ 2 ] [ 4 ]
It also included the High - Performance Computing and Communications Initiative and spurred many significant technological developments , such as the Mosaic web browser , [ 5 ] and the creation of a high - speed fiber optic computer network .
Development and passage [ edit ]
Senator Al Gore developed the Act [ 1 ] after hearing the 1988 report Toward a National Research Network [ 6 ] submitted to Congress by a group chaired by UCLA professor of computer science Leonard Kleinrock , one of the creators of the ARPANET , which is regarded as the earliest precursor network of the Internet . [ 7 ]
The bill was enacted on December 9 , 1991 , and led to the National Information Infrastructure ( NII ) [ 8 ] which Gore referred to as the " Information superhighway " .
President George H. W. Bush predicted that the Act would help " unlock the secrets of DNA , " open up foreign markets to free trade , and a promise of cooperation between government , academia , and industry . [ 9 ]
Results [ edit ]
The Gore Bill helped fund the National Center for Supercomputing Applications at the University of Illinois , where a team of programmers , including Netscape founder Marc Andreessen , created the Mosaic Web browser [ 5 ] [ 10 ] in 1993 , the commercial Internet 's technological springboard credited as beginning the Internet boom of the 1990s .
Andreessen later remarked that ' If it had been left to private industry , it would n't have happened ... at least , not until years later . ' [ 11 ]
Gore reiterated the role of government financing in American success in a 1996 speech when he , as Vice President , said , " That 's how it has worked in America .
Government has supplied the initial flicker — and individuals and companies have provided the creativity and innovation that kindled that spark into a blaze of progress and productivity that 's the envy of the world . " [ 12 ]
CNN interview [ edit ]
Following a 1999 CNN interview , then - Vice President Gore became the subject of some controversy and ridicule when his claim that he " took the initiative in creating the Internet " [ 13 ] was widely quoted out of context or misquoted , with comedians and the popular media taking his expression as a claim that he had personally invented the Internet . [ 14 ] [ 15 ] George W. Bush , Gore 's opponent in the 2000 presidential election , mocked Gore 's claim during his acceptance speech before the Republican National Convention that year . [ 16 ]
The meaning of the statement , which referred to his legislative support of the early Internet , was widely reaffirmed by notable Internet pioneers , such as Vint Cerf and Bob Kahn , who stated , " No one in public life has been more intellectually engaged in helping to create the climate for a thriving Internet than the Vice President " . [ 17 ]
President 's Information Technology Advisory Committee [ edit ]
PITAC was started in 1991 under the High Performance Computing Act of 1991 .
On May 28 , 2003 , President George W. Bush extended the committee . [ 18 ]
Over a week ago , I put out the call looking for new writers for In Lou We Trust to write about the New Jersey Devils .
I 've opened up the audition to the community at large in order to get a new perspectives and additional voices on the front page with regularity .
Since then , I 've received seven entries and I thank each one of them - you know who you are - for stepping up and making an entry .
Throughout this week , I will post each one under an anonymous name so you can discuss and critique the post without regard to who actually wrote it .
I can ensure you that I did not change any of the content outside of formatting it in to the SBN platform and fixing spelling errors .
To that end , please note that I do n't necessarily agree with what the posts actually say .
I 'm just letting them stand on their own .
Please be constructive in any criticism and do offer your thoughts about whether you liked the post in addition to discussing it 's content .
The fourth entrant comes from Writer D Kevin " Space Weed " Sellathamby , who has written a piece focusing on David Clarkson 's worth to the New Jersey Devils Clarkson is the highest profile restricted free agent on the New Jersey Devils .
However , how much should he be paid ?
Who does he compare to in the league in terms of performance , age , salary , and straight - up production ?
Sellathamby makes the argument after the jump .
The offseason in 2010 is already going to be a hectic one for the New Jersey Devils .
Paul Martin is an unrestricted free agent , and can definitely make a lot of money if he hits the market .
Ilya Kovalchuk is also an unrestricted free agent as well , and Lou 's trying to utilize the extra negotiation time , as he owns Kovalchuk 's rights .
He 's going to be a busy man for the next month or so , trying to retool and add new players to the Devils .
However , many people tend to forget that gritty winger David Clarkson is a restricted free agent .
While many teams would n't sign him to an offer sheet , it would be in the Devils ' best interest to get Clarkson inked to a new deal before July 1st .
If it was n't for a leg injury suffered after blocking a Zdeno Chara shot ( which also proves he 's got cojones ) , he would 've been in line for a breakout season .
The few GMs that would consider signing him might overpay for him , leaving the Devils with a compensatory pick as means of the CBA ( which is n't going to help the team in 2010 - 11 ) .
He will get a significant raise from the $ 875 000 he made in 09 - 10 .
What I 'm going to find out is how much David Clarkson should make by comparing his production to his peers in production and age .
While his 09 - 10 season was shortened , I will look at his projected stats for the 09 - 10 season , which would be 20 Goals , 23 assists for 43 points in 82 games ( in comparison to 11 goals , 13 assists and 24 points in 46 games ) .
To compare his stats from a complete season , I 'll also look back on his 08 - 09 season as well ( 17 goals , 15 assists for 32 points ) .
Between the two seasons ( 08-09 and the projected 09 - 10 ) , he averaged about 18.5 goals , which would be rounded to 19 goals .
Because Clarkson 's biggest area of contribution offensively is goal scoring , I 'll look at the production of all right wings with 18 - 22 goals for both 08-09 and 09 - 10 and their salaries .
First , let 's look at the 08-09 stats and salaries of all right wingers with 18 - 22 goals ( stats via nhl.com , age and salary and age via nhlnumbers.com )
2008 -09 Season
Player GP Goals Assists Age Salary Colby Armstrong 82 22 18 25 $ 1 200 000 Ryan Callahan 81 22 18 23 $ 600 00 Bill Guerin 78 21 27 37 $ 4 500 000 Blake Wheeler * 81 21 24 21 $ 875 000 Chuck Kobasew 68 21 21 26 $ 2 000 000 Jason Pominville 82 20 46 25 $ 1 375 000 Brian Gionta 81 20 40 29 $ 4 000 000 Pavol Demitra 69 20 33 33 $ 4 000 000 Drew Stafford 79 20 25 22 $ 984 000 Ales Kotalik 75 20 23 29 $ 2 500 000 David Moss 81 20 19 26 $ 550 000 Mikael Samuelsson 81 19 21 31 $ 1 200 000 Chad LaRose 81 19 12 26 $ 875 000 Kyle Okposo * 65 18 21 20 $ 850 000 David Clarkson 82 17 15 24 $ 800 000
* Player is due to receive bonuses , which are separate from salary
Because age is a point of comparison , I will only look at players in a similar age group as Clarkson .
A good point of comparison would be players around Clarkson 's current age , 26 .
Players aged 27 and under will be compared to Clarkson .
This is mainly because of Clarkson 's NHL experience ( 3 years ) would be similar to some of the young players on this list .
As for the maximum age ( 27 ) , 27 is the age when most players become UFAs ( unless they have more than 7 years of NHL experience before 27 years of age ) , and Clarkson is currently 26 , 1 year away from being a UFA .
The Players exempt from this list are Bill Guerin ( 37 ) , Pavol Demitra ( 33 ) , Mikael Samuelsson ( 31 ) , Ales Kotalik ( 29 ) and Brian Gionta ( 29 ) due to their age .
That leaves Armstrong , Callahan , Kobasew , Wheeler , Okposo , Stafford , Moss and Larose as the comparable players .
Salary wise , most of these players are on their first or second contracts , and are n't being paid a lot .
Most of these players are also in their contract years , and most of them managed to break the bank ; namely Jason Pominville , who signed an extension that pays him an average of $ 5.3 million / year .
Also , most of the players have similar salaries to Clarkson .
The highest salary in the group is Pominville 's $ 1.375 mil salary , and the lowest is Callahan 's $ 600 000 .
On the topic of production however , most of these players were n't in the same area as Clarkson .
Clarkson played on a relatively strong 4th line ( which featured Brian Rolston and Bobby Holik or Mike Rupp ) for most of the season , and made the most of it .
His peers however , were mainly top six forwards .
Pominville , Stafford and Wheeler where usually featured on their respective team 's top two lines and were important offensive cogs .
From this , you can tell Clarkson would probably have better numbers if he was playing with better teammates ( he had the 2nd lowest quality of teammates amongst the group with - 0.255 ) .
A better picture will be painted if we look at the 09 - 10 season .
2009 - 10 Season
Player GP Goals Assists Age Salary Steve Downie* 79 22 24 22 $ 600 000 Martin Erat 74 21 28 27 $ 5 200 000 Bill Guerin 78 21 24 38 $ 2 000 000 Niclas Bergfors * 81 21 23 22 $ 500 000 Eric Fehr 69 21 18 23 $ 772 000 Daniel Alfredsson 70 20 51 36 $ 7 000 000 David Clarkson **
82** 20** 23** 25 $ 875 000 Antti Miettinen 79 20 22 28 $ 2 500 000 Brian Rolston 80 20 17 37 $ 5 000 000 Devin Setoguchi * 70 20 16 22 $ 765 000 Jamie Langenbrunner 81 19 42 34 $ 2 800 000 Kyle Okposo * 80 19 33 21 $ 850 000 Ryan Callahan 77 19 18 24 $ 2 300 000 Shane Doan 82 18 37 32 $ 4 550 000 Martin Havlat 73 18 36 28 $ 5 000 000 Alexei Kovalev 77 18 31 36 $ 5 000 000 Todd Bertuzzi 82 18 26 34 $ 1 500 000 Mark Recchi 81 18 25 41 $ 1 000 000 Blake Wheeler * 82 18 20 22 $ 875 000 Michael Ryder 82 18 15 29 $ 4 000 000 Scottie Upshall 49 18 14 25 $ 1 500 000
* Player is due to receive bonuses which are separate from salary
** Stats projected over an 82 game season
Alfredsson , Ryder , Kovalev , Rolston , Langenbrunner , Bertuzzi , Recchi , Miettinen , Guerin , Havlat and Doan are all exempt from this discussion due to their age .
Upshall missed 33 games due to injury , and would most likely have had more than 22 goals at the pace he was scoring , so he 's exempt from the list as well .
This leaves Downie , Erat , Bergfors , Fehr , Setoguchi , Okposo , Callahan and Wheeler as the list of comparable forwards .
From the 08-09 list , only 3 names appear again : Okposo , Wheeler and Callahan .
Of these three , Okposo 's the only one to improve on his numbers from his 1st year .
Wheeler 's drop in production is due to mainly due to David Krejci 's lack of production this year ; Callahan often plays with Chris Drury , and is n't used as a primary offensive player .
Most of the other players regularly played with top players on their respective teams ( Setoguchi , Downie , Erat ) .
Because the numbers are projected , Clarkson 's projected numbers will put him in the middle of the pack of all the comparable forwards .
Salary wise however , there are some differences between this list and the 08-09 list : Martin Erat and his $ 5.2 million salary being one of them .
His contract is a long term contract ( 2nd year of a 7 year $ 31.5 million contract ) , and was signed before he was 27 .
Downie , Bergfors , Setoguchi , Okposo and Wheeler are all on Entry level contracts .
Fehr is an RFA and due for a raise , as is Bergfors , Wheeler , Setoguchi and Downie .
Conclusion
From looking at both the 08-09 and 09 - 10 seasons , only one player managed to have similar stats to those of Clarkson 's over the last 2 seasons : Ryan Callahan .
His $ 2.3 million salary for 2010 is reasonable , said contract is his 2nd ( Clarkson will be on his 2nd ) , and is only 2 years younger than Clarkson .
Callahan also does n't play with the best players on his team , yet manages to effectively produce in all situations .
While they do n't play similar styles , both make the most out of their ice times .
Ideally a contract that is n't cap crunching , but reasonable as well : a 4 year , $ 8.6 mil. contract .
The cap hit would be $ 2.15 mil. / year , and how the contract fleshes out is anyone 's guess .
Clarkson 's poised for a breakout , and having him signed to a cheap contract before his breakout will mean the Devils will get his offensive contributions for significantly less than market value .
If Clarkson regresses in production or is injured , the low salary of his contract makes him an attractive salary for a contract .
As for teams signing Clarkson to an offer sheet , I doubt that there will be a lot of GMs who 'd consider signing him to one .
If there 's an offer sheet for more than $ 3 mil ( $ 3.013 mil .
or higher= 1st round pick , exactly $ 3 mil. = 2nd round pick ) , or Clarkson asks for more than $ 3 mil .
I 'd rather let him walk or trade his rights to another team .
Editor 's Note : The above was by Kevin Sellathamby .
Now it 's your turn .
Do you think Clarkson is worth $ 2.15 million per year on the cap ?
Are there other ways to justify what Clarkson is worth - more or less than what Writer D suggests or less ?
Is there anything about the post itself you liked or did n't like ?
Would you like to see more of this writing at ILWT ?
Please leave your thoughts in the comments and remember - be constructive , not destructive .
What an absolute gent – came round on time , worked out what was wrong and instead of suggesting a big drain job , suggested a cheaper alternativ e with a plumber … ..
I do n’t want my drains to block up , but if they ever do I know who to call !
James Cooke
Pin Share Email 0 Shares
Earlier this week President Obama spoke with seniors at a town hall meeting in regards to the Medicare Part D prescription benefit , and talked about how many of those seniors would be receiving a $ 250 check in the mail as a result of the health care reform passed earlier this year .
Today I thought I would explain a bit more about that rebate check being sent out , who will get it , and when they can expect it .
What is the Medicare Doughnut Hole ?
One thing that may not have been explained adequately is – just what exactly is the Medicare doughnut hole ?
From HealthCare.gov
Medicare Part D provides prescription drug benefits to Americans on Medicare .
This benefit comes with a $ 310 deductible .
After you ’ve spent $ 310 , you pay 25 percent of the cost of your prescriptions until the total cost of all the medicine you have received in a year hits $ 2,830 .
Then , you are stuck with 100 percent of the bill until the total cost of your medicines hits $ 6,440 .
The gap when Medicare does not cover the cost of your prescription drugs is known as the doughnut hole .
Health reform will close the doughnut hole .
Reform also offers immediate relief by providing a $ 250 rebate this year to seniors who hit the doughnut hole .
According to CBS News White House Correspondent Mark Knoller the checks could start going out as early as this week .
Obama says as more seniors hit the donut hole , more checks will hit the mail – helping 4 million seniors by the end of this year .
So over 4 million checks being sent by the end of the year – that ’s a lot of people in the doughnut hole !
Who Will Get A $ 250 Medicare Donut Hole Check ?
Ok , so how do you qualify to get a check ?
First , you have to be signed up for the Medicare Part D prescription drug benefit .
Here ’s how it works :
The prescription drug benefit has a $ 310 deductible .
Once the deductible is paid , Part D covers 75 % of your benefit up to $ 2,830 .
After $ 2,830 in drugs are paid for , you ’ll have to pay 100 % of your drug costs , up until $ 6,440 .
After $ 6440 Part D pays for 100 % .
If you are stuck in the $ 2,830 - $ 6,440 doughnut hole , you should be receiving a check to help offset the costs .
So if you ’re stuck in the doughnut hole you ’ll be receiving a small amount of help via the check to help pay for your drugs .
When Are The Checks Being Sent ?
The checks are starting to be mailed out this week , and as mentioned above as many as 4 million seniors will receive the check by year ’s end .
The $ 250 checks will be mailed by the Department of the Health and Human Services ( HHS ) , and the HHS logo ( see image above ) will be clearly displayed on the envelope .
It will also include Medicare ’s 1-800 toll - free number in case Medicare beneficiaries have any questions .
It should be noted that the checks will be mailed by one of Medicare ’s contractor .
The envelope will include the contractor ’s Wisconsin address in case any checks are returned for follow - up .
So if you ’re already in the donut hole for the year , keep your eye out for your check in the mail – it should be on it ’s way .
Note :
There is no need to go through an application process or file anything to receive your check .
Once you reach the threshold , the check will be sent automatically .
Medicare Part D Donut Hole Starts Going Away In 2011
The Health Care Reform bill that goes into effect soon made changes that will include closing the donut hole gap .
Among the donut hold changes :
Beginning in 2011 , seniors in the donut hole will receive a 50 percent discount on prescription drugs .
The Medicare share of costs will increase so that the donut hole will be completely closed in 2020
Stay tuned for further developments !
Are you slated to receive your check this year ?
Will it make much of a difference for you ?
How do you feel about the rebate checks ?
Tell us your thoughts in the comments .
Pin Share Email 0 Shares
Here at Mobiles Price.pk we try to provide accurate latest prices of Mobile phones of all brands .
Most of the prices of the mobiles listed here are from time when the phones were released .
The prices may vary from time to time .
Researchers have found a new way to attract big jungle cats , such as jaguars and pumas , by using men's cologne -- Calvin Klein Obsession for Men to be exact .
The new technique comes after Pat Thomas , general curator of the Wildlife Conservation Society 's Bronx Zoo , applied a variety of perfumes and colognes to trees and rocks in zoo exhibits featuring tigers , snow leopards and cheetahs in hopes of drawing interest from the animals .
" It 's just something that 's been known in the zoo community for many , many years that different scents have attracted cats in particular , " Thomas said in an interview .
" I started a study to look at exactly how much time our cats would spend with a particular scent .
I then noticed that certain scents elicited things such as cheek rubbing behavior , " he said .
Thomas said the zoo could use various behavioral responses to their advantage .
For instance , with the cheek rubbing behavior , the researchers could put the scent on hair - trapping devices to gather hair follicles and study DNA patterns , he said .
" What started out as sort of a way to stimulate animals ... we found a way to benefit animals in zoos and nature , " Thomas said .
WCS field conservationists are now using the scent to attract cats , especially jaguars , in front of remote cameras located in the Maya Biosphere Reserve , one of the largest protected areas in Central America .
This remote camera technique is one way that conservationists can monitor populations by collecting evidence that animals are in a given area and know how many individuals are in the area , Thomas said .
" Jaguars are highly elusive creatures , and for years , WCS researchers struggled to develop more effective methods for estimating how many jaguars were in the forest , hidden amongst the ancient Maya temples , " said Roan McNab , WCS Guatemala Country director , in a statement .
" Now , due to the fact that jaguars love Obsession for Men , WCS field conservationists are getting more precise estimates of jaguar populations , " McNab said .
Because perfume and cologne makers are guarded with their formulas , it 's hard to say why the cats are attracted to Calvin Klein Obsession for Men , Thomas said , adding they " just used as many perfumes and colognes that we could get our hands on " for the study .
By Samantha Cossick
406 F.3d 857
UNITED STATES of America , Plaintiff - Appellee , Cross - Appellant ,
v .
Darron J. MURPHY , Sr. , Defendant - Appellant , Cross - Appellee , and
Jennifer Baker , Defendant , Cross - Appellee .
No. 04-2032 .
No. 04-2293 .
No. 04-2309 .
United States Court of Appeals , Seventh Circuit .
Ralph M. Friederich , Office of the United States , Attorney Criminal Division , Fairview Heights , IL , for Plaintiff - Appellee , Cross - Appellant .
James J. Gomric , Paul M. Storment , III , Belleville , IL , for Defendant - Appellant , Cross - Appellee .
Before ROVNER , EVANS , and SYKES , Circuit Judges .
TERENCE T. EVANS , Circuit Judge .
Advertisement
1 A jury found Darron Murphy , Sr. guilty on an indictment charging five counts : tampering with a witness who was going to testify against his son ( Darron Murphy , Jr. ) ; using a firearm while doing the tampering ; being a felon in possession of a firearm ; and two counts involving crack cocaine .
The same jury also found Jennifer Baker , young Murphy 's girlfriend , guilty of aiding and abetting Murphy , Sr. on the two counts related to witness tampering and one of the drug charges .
After the jury spoke , the trial judge , G. Patrick Murphy ( there may be too many Murphys in this case ) , granted Baker 's motion for a judgment of acquittal on the two counts relating to tampering .
Murphy , Sr.'s motions for judgments of acquittal were denied and he now appeals , arguing that his conviction on the jury tampering charge was tainted by a faulty jury instruction .
If successful on the challenge , the related tampering charge involving the use of a firearm must also be set aside .
The government appeals Judge Murphy 's decision to grant post - verdict relief to Baker .
2 We begin with the facts .
Pamela Hayden agreed to become an informant for local law enforcement after being arrested on drug charges .
In December of 2002 , she made two controlled purchases of crack cocaine from Darron Murphy , Jr. , which led to his arrest .
3 On the evening of May 29 , 2003 , Hayden was smoking crack with three other folks at a trailer park home on Chain of Rocks Road in Granite City , Illinois , Murphy , Sr. , who had sold drugs to Hayden several years earlier , showed up later that night .
He was friendly at first , but he soon called Hayden a " snitch bitch hoe " and hit her in the head with the back of his hand .
He said he saw her name in discovery materials from his son's criminal case and that she was responsible for putting him in jail .
He put a gun — a small chrome - plated one — to her head and said he was going to kill her for putting his son in jail .
He said this would be her last night and her body would be found in a ditch .
Murphy then placed several calls , telling Hayden he was calling his people to get someone to dispose of her car .
4 Baker , who dealt drugs for Murphy , eventually arrived .
Murphy asked Hayden for her keys before eventually ordering her outside to retrieve them from her car .
Once out of the trailer , Hayden tried to run away , but she was thwarted by Baker , who grabbed her right arm .
Murphy again told Hayden to get her keys .
When Hayden stalled , an impatient Murphy hit her with the butt of his gun , splitting open the top of her head .
After struggling for a few more minutes , Hayden managed to get in her car and drive away .
A sheriff 's deputy discovered her at 4 a.m .
She had a bleeding gash on her head and bruises on her arm .
5 Police later arrested Murphy outside his home and discovered that he was carrying crack cocaine .
They also arrested Baker inside Murphy 's home .
A search of the home revealed more crack , a syringe , baking soda , a digital scale used for weighing narcotics , and firearms , including the small chrome - plated one identified by Ms. Hayden .
6 In August of 2003 , a federal grand jury returned a superseding indictment charging Murphy with five offenses : knowingly using physical force against another person with the intent to influence and prevent testimony in a formal proceeding , 18 U.S.C. § 1512 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) ; knowingly using and carrying a firearm during a crime of violence , id . § 924 ( c ) ; being a felon in possession of a firearm , id. §§ 922(g ) and 924 ( a ) ( 2 ) ; possession with intent to distribute at least 5 grams of crack cocaine , 21 U.S.C. § 841 ( a ) ( 1 ) and ( b ) ( 1 ) ( B ) ( iii ) ; and conspiring to distribute and possessing with the intent to distribute at least 5 grams of cocaine base , id . and § 846 .
Baker was charged with aiding and abetting Murphy on the first two counts and with the count 5 conspiracy offense .
7 After the close of evidence during their joint trial , Judge Murphy instructed the jury that to sustain a charge of witness tampering the government had to prove that Murphy knowingly intimidated or used physical force against a witness .
This instruction strayed from the language of the indictment , which charged Murphy only with using physical force .
The indictment contained no mention of intimidation .
But Murphy voiced no objection to the instruction .
In granting Baker 's request for a judgment of acquittal as to the tampering counts , Judge Murphy concluded that there was no evidence that Baker knew Hayden 's identity as a witness when the assault occurred .
Advertisement
8 Baker was sentenced to a term of 78 months on the drug conspiracy count .
Murphy was sentenced to 151 months on the drug counts , 120 months on the witness tampering and felon - in - possession counts .
These sentences were ordered to run concurrent .
The kicker for Murphy was a mandatory consecutive 84 - month sentence ( for a total of 235 months ) on the charge of using a firearm while committing the violent crime of witness tampering .
9 Murphy claims that the jury instruction he now challenges constructively amended the indictment in violation of his Fifth Amendment rights .
Put another way , he argues that the jury found him guilty of conduct for which he was never charged .
Because Murphy agreed to the suspect instruction , he waived the issue , which ordinarily precludes appellate review .
E.g. , United States v. Murry , 395 F.3d 712 , 717 ( 7th Cir.2005 ) ; United States v. Cooper , 243 F.3d 411 , 415 ( 7th Cir.2001 ) .
We say " ordinarily " because the government has " waived waiver " by asserting that we can review Murphy 's grievance under the plain error standard .
See United States v. Morgan , 384 F.3d 439 , 443 ( 7th Cir.2004 ) .
To establish plain error , Murphy must show ( 1 ) error , ( 2 ) that is plain , ( 3 ) affects substantial rights , and ( 4 ) seriously affects the fairness , integrity , or public reputation of the judicial proceedings , i.e. , affected its outcome .
See United States v. Olano , 507 U.S. 725 , 732 , 113 S.Ct. 1770 , 123 L.Ed.2d 508 ( 1993 ) ; United States v. Montgomery , 390 F.3d 1013 , 1017 ( 7th Cir.2004 ) ; United States v. Trennell , 290 F.3d 881 , 886 ( 7th Cir.2002 ) .
10 Murphy has demonstrated the first three prongs .
" An indictment that is constructively amended at trial violates the Constitution because the Fifth Amendment requires an indictment of a grand jury to guarantee that the allegations in the indictment and the proof at trial match in order to insure that the defendant is not subject to a second prosecution , and to give the defendant reasonable notice so that he may prepare a defense . "
Trennell , 290 F.3d at 888 ( internal quotation and citations omitted ) .
Here , the judge constructively amended the indictment by instructing the jury that Murphy could be found guilty of witness tampering if he knowingly intimidated or used physical force against Hayden .
The judge apparently based his instruction on the old version of the witness tampering statute , which prohibited both intimidation and the use of physical force under the same subparagraph .
See 18 U.S.C. § 1512 ( b) ( 1 ) ( 1996 ) .
Murphy , however , was charged with violating § 1512 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) , which criminalizes " physical force or the threat of physical force , " with no mention of intimidation .
That conduct is criminalized in a separate offense , § 1512 ( b ) ( 1 ) .
11 The government says there was no error because the " intimidation " provision is a lesser included offense of the " physical force " provision .
Not true .
Under Federal Rule of Criminal Procedure 31 ( c ) , a jury may find a defendant guilty of " an offense necessarily included in the offense charged . "
United States v. McCullough , 348 F.3d 620 , 624 ( 7th Cir.2003 ) .
A lesser offense is necessarily included in the charged offense if its elements are a subset of the elements of the charged offense .
Id. ( citing Schmuck v. United States , 489 U.S. 705 , 716 , 109 S.Ct. 1443 , 103 L.Ed.2d 734 ( 1989 ) ) .
An offense can not be " lesser included " if it contains an element not required by the greater one .
Id .
That is what we have here — § 1512 ( b ) ( 1 ) criminalizes " intimidation , " which covers behavior unrelated to physical force , while § 1512 ( a ) ( 2 ) ( A ) does not .
The two subparagraphs are separate offenses .
12 As is often the case in plain error review , however , Murphy cannot prevail under the fourth prong , as he cannot show that he probably would have been acquitted but for the overbroad instruction .
See Trennell , 290 F.3d at 887 .
Had the jury instruction been limited to physical force , the jury would have obviously reached the same result because there was strong evidence of physical force and injury .
To argue , as Murphy does now , that " [ i] t is entirely possible that the jury may not have believed Ms. Hayden 's testimony that Mr. Murphy hit her , but did believe that Mr. Murphy intimidated her , " is mere conjecture of the highest order .
Hayden testified that Murphy hit her in the head , and that claim was corroborated by her medical records and by several witnesses who saw her injuries .
13 On to Baker .
Judges do not set aside jury verdicts very often , and when they do , they must have a good reason for doing so .
As we have stated , " Rule 29 does not authorize the judge to play thirteenth juror . "
United States v. Genova , 333 F.3d 750 , 757 ( 7th Cir.2003 ) .
A judgment of acquittal should be entered only if there is insufficient evidence to sustain the jury 's findings .
United States v. O'Hara , 301 F.3d 563 , 569 ( 7th Cir.2002 ) .
Under this standard , a trial judge should reverse a jury verdict only if , viewing the evidence in the light most favorable to the prosecution , the record contains no evidence on which a rational jury could have returned a guilty verdict .
Id. at 569-70 .
14 Here , Judge Murphy overturned the jury 's verdicts because he concluded that there was no evidence that Baker knew at the time that the woman she grabbed ( Hayden ) was the informant responsible for Murphy , Jr. 's woes :
15 There is no evidence that [ Baker ] was present or knew of the threats made in the trailer by Murphy , Sr. Nor is there any evidence that [ Baker ] showed up at the trailer at the behest of Murphy , Sr. Assuming that a jury could infer that [ Baker ] was summoned to the trailer by Murphy , Sr. , there is no evidence at all as to the content of this assumed communication between Murphy , Sr. and [ Baker ] .
In order to sustain the guilty verdicts on Counts 1 and 2 , there must be evidence that [ Baker ] " knowingly " aided and abetted these offenses .
Accordingly , the first requisite of the " knowledge " requirement is proof that [ Baker ] knew that the female running from the trailer that she blocked and grabbed was the CI responsible for Murphy , Jr. 's arrest and detention .
There is no such evidence .
16 We believe Judge Murphy got it right — the record is devoid of evidence that Baker knew that Hayden was being worked over because she was a snitch .
The government argues that there is " overwhelming " circumstantial evidence to allow the jury to make such an inference .
Specifically , it cites four circumstances : Baker knew that a woman named Hayden was the informant ;
Murphy made calls for assistance and Baker eventually showed up at the trailer ; Baker assisted in the assault ; and Baker remarked the next day that Hayden should not have been left alive .
Of this evidence , her nasty comment is most incriminating , but even it does not establish that Baker knew at the time of the assault that Hayden was the snitch .
The comment was decidedly vague and was made long after the incident occurred .
Indeed , none of the evidence identified by the government suggests that Baker knew that Hayden was an informant at the time of the assault .
Had Baker been merely charged with helping Murphy beat up Hayden , there would be no question that a guilty verdict would be sustainable .
But a vital link between the evidence and the charge in the indictment is missing .
Judge Murphy was correct in setting aside the verdicts .
17 One final matter before we leave this case .
The government argued that if the convictions of Ms. Baker on counts 1 and 2 were reinstated , the sentence imposed upon Mr. Murphy should be vacated and his case remanded to the district court so it could consider a leadership - role upward departure under the guidelines as to him .
Murphy argued that such a procedure would be violative of the rule announced in Blakely v. Washington , ___ U.S. ___ , 124 S.Ct. 2531 , 159 L.Ed.2d 403 ( 2004 ) , as interpreted by us in United States v. Booker , 375 F.3d 508 ( 2004 ) .
Subsequently , of course , the Supreme Court changed the rules of the game in United States v. Booker , ___ U.S. ___ , 125 S.Ct. 738 , 160 L.Ed.2d 621 ( 2005 ) , holding that the federal sentencing guidelines were no longer mandatory .
Although Murphy has not directly challenged his sentence and Baker has limited her involvement on appeal to resisting the efforts of the government to reinstate her convictions , we think both , because they were sentenced under the old unconstitutional regime , should , in the interest of justice , get the benefit of the procedures we recently announced in United States v. Paladino , 401 F.3d 471 ( 7th Cir.2005 ) , if they so desire .
( In this regard , see United States v. Macedo , 2005 WL 851501 , ___ F.3d ___ ( 7th Cir. Apr.14 , 2005 ) , where we held that raising a Booker argument on a petition for rehearing in a direct appeal is sufficient to get the benefit of Paladino . )
Photo © Olivier Roller ( detail ) ; Manuscript image courtesy of Galaxia Gutenberg
The writing of Enrique Vila - Matas is marked by a dazzling array of quotation , plagiarism , frames , self - plagiarism , digressions and meta - digressions : an intense and witty textual delirium that has made him one of the most original and celebrated writers in the Spanish language .
Born in Barcelona in 1948 , he published his first novel — a single , sternly uninterrupted sentence — in 1973 .
Continuing his fidelity to the myth of the avant - garde writer , he then moved to Paris , living in a garret rented from Marguerite Duras , before returning to Barcelona , where he spent the next decade publishing novels , a story collection , and literary essays .
It was with his sixth book , however , A Brief History of Portable Literature ( 1985 , translation 2015 ) , that Vila - Matas transformed into a true original .
The book poses as a history of a secret society of twentieth - century artists and writers , including Duchamp , Walter Benjamin , Kafka , and others .
Its reckless linking of real names to imaginary quotations and vice versa , its mingling of fiction with history , made him notorious — and represented a new moment in European fiction .
Reality can only be apprehended through a comical , dazzling network of texts — that was the book ’s basic proposition , and its implications and complications are what Vila - Matas has continued to explore in wildly deconstructive novels like Bartleby & Co. ( 2000 , 2007 ) , Montano ’s Malady ( 2002 , 2007 ) , and Never Any End to Paris ( 2003 , 2011 ) , as well as in a series of what Vila - Matas calls critical fictions , including Chet Baker piensa en su arte ( Chet Baker thinks about his art , 2011 ) , The Illogic of Kassel ( 2014 , 2015 ) , and Marienbad électrique ( Electric Marienbad , 2015 ) .
Vila - Matas has won many grand awards ( the Premio Rómulo Gallegos , the Premio Herralde , the Premio Leteo , the Prix Médicis , among others ) , but in person he is modest and generous , always solicitous toward younger generations­ — I first met him a few years ago through our mutual friends Alejandro Zambra and Valeria Luiselli .
He dresses with elegant reserve , a disguise for a mischievous , fantastical soul .
We conducted this interview over two prolonged sessions in Barcelona last summer and fall , speaking in a mixture of French and Spanish while his agent , Mònica Martín , offered interpretive aid and sometimes joined in the conversation .
This polyglot mixture was transcribed , edited , then retranslated into Spanish and rewritten by Vila - Matas before being definitively translated into English .
Its multi­lingual , multilayered history seems an accurate analogue to Vila - Matas ’s polymorphous style .
According to the terms of Vila - Matas ’s thinking , the real can only fully acquire a luminous existence when inserted into a prior network of words — even , for instance , a conversation .
Both sessions of our interview took place in the gardens of the Hotel Alma in Barcelona .
Vila - Matas chose the location partly for its peacefulness — but really , he observed , because it was where he set the final exchanges of his most recent novel , Esta bruma insensata ( This senseless haze , 2019 ) .
The two conversations , one fictional , one real , could therefore gradually infiltrate each other — this was his hope — and reach their own separate level of truth .
After our final session , before we headed off for coffee at the Europa Café on Diagonal , Vila - Matas invited me over to his apartment and showed me his small writing room , the bookshelves of which were filled with works by his beloved authors —
Beckett , Kafka , Tabucchi , Duras , Joyce , Walser , and friends like Rodrigo Fresán and Roberto Bolaño .
That space , I began to think , was the visual form of Vila - Matas ’s literary philosophy — fragile , futuristic , and infinitely valuable : an idea of writing as a singular , patient process that can absorb and create the hyper world outside it .
ENRIQUE VILA -MATAS
I warn you — no one believes what I say .
I recently gave an interview , and after it was published , the interviewer mentioned to someone that he got the impression everything I told him was made up .
I was surprised , because anyone who knows me knows I hate lying , but also because I ’ve always thought that the history of literature is missing a chapter , the one that would tell the epic story of all those writers — from Cervantes to Kafka and Beckett — who fought heroically against any form of imposture .
And I do mean fought .
A plainly paradoxical sort of battle , given that its chief combatants were writers with their heads immersed in the world of fiction , and yet out of that battle or tension emerged the truest — and as such , to my mind the most interesting — pages in the history of literature , pages born out of the tension produced whenever fiction tries to approximate that which seems , a priori , the furthest possible thing from it , the truth .
I do n’t know , but perhaps what confused that interviewer was my “ way of saying things . ”
Could that be it ?
I inadvertently lend an air of implausibility to things that really have taken place .
INTERVIEWER
Maybe it ’s because you suffer from the malady of things happening to you that do n’t happen to anyone else .
Like the night you took a taxi and the driver said , Good evening , Doctor Pasavento , as if you were a character from your own novel .
When I tell people that story no one ever believes me , but I was there !
And you reacted as if it were perfectly normal .
VILA - MATAS
Yes , it was normal , as if at that moment I believed that the whole of Barcelona read my books .
In those days I was always going out and I would take taxis from one end of the city to the other and chat with the drivers , and I think all those taxi drivers , at some point , listened to me talk about my books and — as unlikely and amusing as this sounds today — about whatever technical problems I happened to be having with them .
I ’d be crossing Barcelona in the middle of the night talking about Cyril Connolly !
INTERVIEWER
Do you ever worry that the true and what seems to be true do n’t always coincide ?
VILA - MATAS
Yes , but it took me a long time to see there was a problem or really consider what it meant .
It first dawned on me in 1988 when I published Una casa para siempre ( A home forever ) — incidentally Mac ’s Problem ( 2017 , 2019 ) is the remake of this novel .
In that novel from my early writing days — the unraveling , oblique biography of a ventriloquist — I write about a woman with a particular obsession for buying bread in every town and city she passes through on her travels .
In real life , I ’d visited various cities of Poland , Egypt , and Greece with that woman , and in every one she ’d made a point of buying some bread , even if she had no intention of eating it .
I was quite mystified by this hobby of hers , and she never did enlighten me .
So , in Una casa para siempre , it occurred to me to include a woman character — the narrator ’s mother — who collects bread from all the cities she visits .
And , well , when the book was published , the eminent literary critic for El País wrote that I was a promising young writer but obviously suffered from an “ overactive imagination , ” as demonstrated by “ the implausible story of the bread collector . ”
That critic has since died , but when he was alive I used to keep an eye out for him at bookish parties and receptions in order to explain that story really had happened to me and even disclose to him that funny collector ’s name .
[ Laughs ]
Details Written by Sarah C. Corriher Sarah C. Corriher Category : Reports Reports Published : October 22 , 2009 October 22 , 2009
Most women with endometriosis will never discover that their problem is greatly aggravated by sanitary napkins and tampons .
These products use a semi-synthetic substance called rayon instead of real cotton ; in order to achieve maximum absorption .
The pads are bleached during the final stage of production .
This bleaching process releases dioxins from the rayon as a byproduct .
Studies have proven that repeated dioxin exposure leads to reproductive diseases , including endometriosis .
Dioxins accumulate in the body 's fats over time ; and as they gradually build to greater concentrations , so does the list of health conditions that arise as a result .
" In the early 1990's , the Endometriosis Association found that 79 % of a group of monkeys developed endometriosis after exposure to dioxin in their food during a research study over ten years earlier .
The severity of endometriosis found in the monkeys was directly related to the amount of T.C.D.D. ( 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin -- the most toxic dioxin ) to which they had been exposed .
Monkeys that were fed dioxin in amounts as small as five parts per trillion developed endometriosis .
In addition , the dioxin - exposed monkeys showed immune abnormalities similar to those observed in women with endometriosis . " --
The Endometriosis Association
Dioxins are known for their ability to cause cancer , reproductive harm , hormonal disturbances , and damage to the central nervous system .
Endometriosis may just be the latest ailment to add to the long list of health problems that dioxins cause .
Thus , it is highly recommended that women seek all - natural , " dioxin - free " options , which are available at health food stores and some grocery stores .
If dioxins are not mentioned on the package , then dioxins are present in the product .
Hormonal problems are exacerbated by the extreme fluoride exposure that most American women get , combined with iodine deficiencies .
Another extremely aggravating factor is the consumption of products containing soybean derivatives and soy cooking oil .
The absolute worst soy product is mayonnaise , because it is " cold pasteurized " ( saturated with radiation ) .
Sources
Dioxins and their effects on human health , World Health Organization
Toxins in the Environment , Endometrosis Association
Related Links
Curing Endometriosis Through Natural Methods
Toxins in Disposable Diapers : Dioxin and Sodium Polyacrylate
Soy is Unfit for Human Consumption
Why We Bought A Bread Maker , and Why You Definitely Should Too
Juicing : The Hormone Regulator
Your Metal Drinking Bottle Is Probably A Toxic Plastic Bottle In Disguise
How Some Gyms Are Very Dangerous To Health and How They Might Even Eventually Kill You
How To Cure Hypothyroidism Naturally
Poisonous Plastic Containers
Live at 11 !
A plastic wrap booby
trap discovered at Ladds Circle !
( Screen grab from KATU - TV )
What started as a post to the Shift email list at 1:30 am yesterday morning has become the latest headline - grabbing story in Portland ’s ongoing fascination with the “ bikes versus cars ” dichotomy .
It started with this email from Lauren Hudgins :
I just biked through Ladd ’s Addition around 1 am .
Someone had set up clear tape like a trip wire across the road .
Another biker and I stopped to dismantle it , assuming it was kids playing a prank and complaining about how dangerous it would be for someone on a bike , but not for cars .
As we biked away , we heard a man ’s voice calling from the bushes in Ladd ’s Circle , “ Thanks for stopping ! ”
The first outlet to pick up the story was The Portland Mercury .
Soon after it was covered by The Oregonian and then it got TV coverage last night by both KPTV ( Fox ) and KATU ( ABC ) .
KPTV led into the story with a “ Bike Battle ” graphic and announced that , “ The battle between drivers and bikers reaches a boiling point … ”
After the intro , the story was actually quite solid and balanced .
Kudos to reporter Andrew Padula for the nice job .
KATU ’s story was n’t bad either .
Both TV segments included footage of people on bikes and foot rolling through the stop signs without stopping and referred to the plastic - wrap hazard as being a dangerous , unacceptable act of vigilante justice .
Here ’s the KATU video :
Unfortunately , just as expected , the online versions of both TV stories are filled with hateful , anti-bike comments .
Oh well .
I guess some Portlanders have yet to move beyond this nonsensical and unneccessary hatred for other people based solely on their mode of travel .
The issue of people on bikes not complying with stop signs at Ladds Circle has been around for years .
A quick look into our archives on this topic shows I first wrote about it in April of 2007 .
The Portland Police Bureau has carried out numerous enforcement actions ( a.k.a. “ stings ” ) at these signs and has issued statements about their reasons for doing so .
Interestingly , back in 2007 , PBOT engineer Scott Batson revealed that they ’d prefer to modernize the circle into a full - fledged roundabout — a change that would include turning the stop signs into yields .
Unfortunately , at that time PBOT did not feel the change urgent enough to warrant the $ 200,000 needed to do the upgrades .
In conclusion , here are my thoughts on this situation :
Vigilante actions like this in the public right - of - away should be taken seriously by the police and could lead to someone getting hurt .
Everyone knows that stop sign compliance by all modes is much less than perfect .
A big reason why is stop signs are often installed as a result of politics ( to quiet a citizen complaint for instance ) rather than as a result of sound traffic engineering analysis ( the example above and the removal of stop signs on Caruthers near OMSI are perfect examples ) .
People riding bikes should take extra care to slow down and stop completely if neccessary when riding through Ladds Circle .
There are a lot of people walking in that area , sight lines to the sidewalks are poor ( several commenters more familiar with the area than I am refuted this assessment ) , and quiet bikes do n’t give as much warning as car engines do .
The illegal use of mobile communication devices while driving deserves much more attention and is a much greater public safety risk .
Front Page , News , Southeast
booby traps , ladd circle , ladd circle stop signs
Labour has given a guarded welcome to the government 's plans to simplify Britain 's tax system .
Shadow Treasury chief secretary Liam Byrne told the Commons : " Simplification is a good thing . "
But he warned that the creation of a new Office for Tax Simplification ( OTS ) sounded " more like an attempt to grab headlines than real evidence of a push to improve legislation " .
Answering an urgent question on 20 July 2010 , Treasury Exchequer Secretary David Gauke said a complex tax system created " uncertainty and instability " , sending the wrong signal to businesses wanting to invest in Britain .
" A complex tax system also means that businesses end up spending more time dealing with their tax affairs and less time on their core business , " he added .
The OTS will be asked first to study around 400 tax reliefs to see how many can be removed .
Michael Jack , who served as financial secretary to the Treasury in John Major 's government , and John Whiting , a former tax partner at PricewaterhouseCoopers , have been appointed as an unpaid two - man board , based in the Treasury , for the next 12 months .
Mr Byrne said : " You will see this afternoon across the House wide endorsement for the principles of a simpler tax system which allows people to focus on their business affairs and profitability . "
But he questioned how the appointment of Mr Jack had been made .
He also contrasted the establishment of the new body with " the chancellor 's push for a bonfire of the quangos " , demanding to know how much the OTS would cost to run .
Mr Gauke said the appointment of both Mr Jack and Mr Whiting were " interim " for 12 months before permanent appointments were made .
The cost of the OTS would be borne by the existing budgets of the Treasury and HM Revenue and Customs , while private sector secondees would be paid for by their parent firms , he added .
INTRODUCTION
Has human life no quality at Elwood ?
This was the heartfelt cry of defiant residents from Elwood seeking redress from government for their common predicament .
The swamps regularly flooded , the abattoir dumped offal into the creek and the smell from the human manure depot was not pleasant .
Then there was the lack of roads and the bullets that whistled overhead from the rifle range .
Elwood was isolated from St Kilda by wetlands , distant from Melbourne for business and residence and the subject of dispute between its neighboring suburbs .
At one point a hostile Brighton simply cut a canal to Elwood ’s border and dumped its floodwaters into what early historian John Cooper described as ‘ the comical autonomous dreaming kingdom of Elwood . ’
Elwood ’s early destiny was largely determined by two geographic features , namely the Elster Creek ( now Elwood Canal ) , and the promontory at Point Ormond , once known as Little Red Bluff .
Fires burned for eons on the bluff where the traditional owners cooked shellfish in middens , signaled other clans and burned back the country with ‘ fire stick farming ’ to create pastures for kangaroos .
Europeans celebrated their colonial successes by lighting beacons on the bluff on many occasions including 1851 and 1988 to celebrate the creation of Victoria and Australia respectively .
Humans have occupied Elwood for up to forty thousand years or more .
Yet , in a minute fraction of this time , we have traveled from an indigenous landscape to an information age , an extraordinary journey documented in this book .
Fever brought the first large group of settlers to Elwood when the desperate immigrant ship Glen Huntley landed at Point Ormond in 1840 , flying the fever flag and initiating Victoria ’s fist quarantine station and St Kilda ’s first graveyard .
Flooding has characterised the history of Elwood .
It cut roads to Melbourne in the winter , caused disputes between neighboring councils , stalled development and aggravated residents even in recent times .
As late as 1989 locals could be seen riding surfboards and canoes in Elwood streets when the canal burst its banks yet again .
Despite its history of adversity , a modern suburb now thrives by the bay in one of Melbourne ’s most prized locations .
Café life in the Elwood village seems a long way from the flood , fire and fever of earlier days .
Coloured lorikeets flock to the green corridors of shady trees , a native forest has been planted on the foreshore and the once despised canal area is undergoing rejuvenation as a haven for walkers and cyclists .
My parents were two of many Holocaust survivors who arrived in Melbourne in 1948 to create a family and home with the usual energy of migrants whose future appears far better than their past .
As a child I can vividly remember waiting for the bus with the magic sign ‘ Point Ormond ’ that transported us along Punt Road – shimmering in a heat wave – to the cool blue waters of Elwood .
My father eventually bought an Edwardian house at 21 Docker Street in the 1960s while my mother purchased a home in Ormond Road in 1973 where she still lives , at the age of 85 .
My love affair with Elwood began when I lived in my father ’s home between the 1970s and 1990s .
The backyard was converted to a wildlife refuge and every day I experienced Elwood ’s fantastic skies , parklands , waterways , promenades and beach .
But my sacred site has always been that dome of dreams , the hill at Point Ormond .
Here one can scan Hobson ’s Bay for dolphins and seals , regard other Elwoodians at play , view the distant towers of old ‘ Smellbourne ” , and dream about the life of the Kulin .
Elwood is soaked in memory permeating layers of soil and soul , fissures and cracks , flood and fire , buildings and bridges , the living and the dead , the forgotten and unforgotten .
It is the places of our childhoods and our present and our future , our kingdom .
This is the story of that ‘ comical dreaming kingdom ’ .
Point Ormond Hill ( Sketch by Sharyn Madder )
These three are the most important items in the list affected by the new tax reform in Canada .
These are not luxury products , these are first - necessity goods or essential goods .
We ca n’t live without electricity , heating and gasoline nowadays .
And our government decided that it is OK to increase prices for essential goods by 8 % .
It is far away from the complete list of goods and services affected by HST introduced on Canada Day .
But what if we think about consequences of this increase ?
What usually happens when oil prices go up ?
What happens when electricity prices go up ?
Natural Gas ?
Almost all the prices for all the goods and services can be affected !
Not only those from the official list provided by the Government .
Fuel and electricity components take the big portion in operational costs of almost every single business .
It will definitely cause all the prices to go up very soon , probably by the same 8 % as gasoline , heating , electricity , etc …
Everything around us can be affected :
Basic Groceries ( Dairy , Meat , Vegetables , Fruits , … ) due to increased delivery ( fuel ) and storage ( electricity ) costs
( Dairy , Meat , Vegetables , Fruits , … ) due to increased delivery ( fuel ) and storage ( electricity ) costs Clothing due to delivery and stores operational costs ( lights , air - conditioning , heating )
due to delivery and stores operational costs ( lights , air - conditioning , heating ) Restaurants ( delivery , storage )
( delivery , storage ) Furniture and Appliances ( fuel costs )
( fuel costs )
Any kind of Transportation ( probably GO / TTC / Viva / YRT public transit tickets due to gasoline and electricity price increase )
( probably public transit tickets due to gasoline and electricity price increase ) Cable , Home Phone , Wireless ( electricity )
( electricity ) Insurance ( increase of operational cost due to fuel and electricity prices )
( increase of operational cost due to fuel and electricity prices ) House Maintenance Products ( cleaners , supplies , …)
( cleaners , supplies , …) Computers
Books
Toys
Auto Labor and Repair Services , Parts
, Health Products
Electronics
Sports Equipment
Professional Services
Banking
and many , many , many more …
In reality all the goods and services are definitely affected by the HST transition .
We see it sooner or later in the prices increase for everything .
And the one - time maximum of $ 1000 tax cut per family to help in HST transition means absolutely nothing .
It is just a mockery from our Government .
What are You Willing to Go Into Debt For ?
Early in my college career , it became apparent that I was willing to go into debt for just about anything .
Whether it was a new outfit , eating out , or a road trip , debt was no object .
I had my trusty credit card .
( Trusty credit cards by the time I graduated from college . )
I really was the poster child for instant gratification and stupid money decisions .
Thankfully , I had a wake up call .
Somewhere toward the beginning of my senior year in college , I realized that my credit cards were almost maxed out , and that interest was eating up most of my minimum payments .
I further realized that I was still paying off that first trip to Vegas my freshman year , and quite likely those jeans I had discarded months ago .
I began thinking about what was really important , and considering what I was really willing to go into debt for .
Everyone ’s answer to the big question is different , of course .
It comes down to financial priorities .
You need to think about what is important to you , and consider what is important enough to pay back , with interest , over the course of years .
For me , the things I am willing to get into debt for have been whittled down over the years :
A House
This is probably obvious .
I suppose I could save up to buy a home with cash , but I ’d rather just borrow for it .
And I did .
Three years ago , my husband and I bought a home .
We enjoy our home , but we do n’t have any illusions about it being an investment .
We view it as a purchase , one that we were willing to make for the stability and other intangible aspects that come with home ownership .
An Education
While you do n’t necessarily need a four - year degree to get a good job , I think that education is important .
I took out student loans to help pay for my education and my husband did as well for graduate school .
We could have went the “ part time and going to school at the same time ” route , but we both felt that it ’s more important for us to get out of the whole process as quickly as possible .
A Car
Well , sort of .
I ’m not a big fan of financing a car , but my husband wants what he wants .
And he normally decides to buy on the spur of the moment , so we have something for a down payment , but not for the whole car price .
We put limits on it though , opting for relatively modest lease returns that do n’t cost too much .
We ’ve only bought two cars in the nearly nine years we ’ve been married , one at the outset , and one 18 months ago when we realized that it was finally time to become a two - car household .
I ’ve got my fingers crossed , though , that the next car wo n’t need to be financed .
No More Travel
Early in our marriage , we considered it essential to fly to New York to visit my husband ’s parents — even if the trip had to be put on a credit card and paid off over intervening years .
However , we have modified our habits in that way , instead saving up for travel , and having a fund set aside for emergency travel ( for funerals , illnesses , and weddings ) .
While I love to travel , I realize that it ’s really not something worth getting into debt for .
I ’ve learned over the years that few things that are , in my opinion , worth debt .
By the time you pay the interest , and spend years fretting about making the payments on time , it truly does begin to seem like a prison .
I try not to add up how much I could have if I had n’t paid all that interest early in my 20s , but it ’s hard not to look back with regret at what could have been .
These were my choices .
What are you willing to go into debt for ?
Image caption
An unhappy David Beesley is handing back his electric car
Ever more mainstream carmakers are planning to make electric cars for sale to ordinary drivers , though none of them has done so yet .
But there are trial cars out there , and Oxford - based businessman David Beesley has been driving one for six months .
And Mr Beesley is not a happy man .
Another week or so and that is it .
He has to hand the car back .
" I am livid , " the 60 - something head of business supplies company B - line says .
" It is a totally different experience to anything I 've driven before and probably anything I 'll be driving in the future David Beesley , Electric car driver Mini points to electric car future
For Mr Beesley , the journey began about a year ago , when he first learnt that Mini was building an electric car in its Cowley factory on the edge of Oxford .
At the time , he was in a very different mood .
" I heard about it through my son whose best friend works in the plant , " he says , and being the sort of guy who enjoys messing abount in battery - powered boats or racing electric buggies around the garden , Mr Beesley knew he had to get involved .
" If you want something , you 'll go for it , do n't you ? " he grins .
Different experience
Mr Beesley took delivery of his Mini-E in December 2009 as one of the so - called " pioneers " who pay just over £ 300 per month to take part in BMW Group 's electric motoring trial .
I 'm told it 's about £ 3 for a full charge , but it never is a full charge because the battery is never actually empty David Beesley , Electric car driver Tesla gets ready as electric cars go mainstream
And it has not been an entirely smooth experience .
During sub - zero temperatures , the battery capacity dropped to a range of just 40 miles , compared with almost 100 miles during summer , he recalls .
And , well , that 's it .
Beyond such teething problems , which BMW insists will be overcome before it starts selling electric cars to consumers , he has not had any problems whatsoever .
In short , Mr Beesley says , the experience has given him an insatiable thirst for more .
These days , he rarely drives anything other than the Mini E .
" It is a totally different experience to anything I 've driven before and probably anything I 'll be driving in the future , " says Mr Beesley , a petrolhead whose other cars include three large Lexus saloons , a Chrysler Voyager , a Smart car and an enormous Winnebago mobile home .
" Yes , I like big cars , " he says .
" But I have begun to question whether big cars is the way forward . "
Never empty
So Mr Beesley is far from livid about the electric Mini 's shortcomings .
Rather , he is furious because he will have to hand it back when the first part of the Mini - E trial comes to an end next week , on 11 June .
As yet , the BMW Group has not got a production model for sale , so Mr Beesley has been driving a prototype .
Clearly , if you do 90 miles per day then this is probably not the car for you , but how often do you drive more than 90 miles in one stretch ?
David Beesley , Electric car driver Nissan reveals electric motoring prices
" I cannot fault the thing , even in its present form , " he says .
" People say it does only this many miles or that many miles or that it takes so - and - so long to charge it .
" Meanwhile , I go past the petrol stations and laugh at the silly sods wasting time and money filling up fuel . "
The Mini-E is clearly very cheap to use , though Mr Beesley has no idea exactly how much it costs him .
" I 'm told it 's about £ 3 for a full charge , but it never is a full charge because the battery is never actually empty , " he says .
No problems
The realities of living with an electric car are very different from what most people would expect , Mr Beesley explains .
" I never used to consider how far my journey would be , " he says .
" I now reckon my average journey is five to 10 miles .
I guess people think they drive more miles than they actually do .
" Clearly , if you do 90 miles per day , then this is probably not the car for you , but how often do you drive more than 90 miles in one stretch ?
And how often do you have sub-zero temperatures in Britain ? "
I come home , I get out of the car and I plug it straight in David Beesley , Electric car driver The North East eyes low carbon future
Mr Beesley is even taking issue with the supposed need to roll out public charging points to molify people 's range anxiety .
On most journeys , there is no need to top up the batteries to get home , Mr Beesley insists .
" And if I go to see a client in High Wycombe or my auntie in Southampton , it is not a problem if I want to plug into their socket while I 'm there .
It 's just a bit of fun . "
BMW says it takes about three hours to charge the battery with a 30 - amp fast - charger , which uses the same type of electric cable that electric cookers use , or eight hours when using an ordinary 13 - amp socket .
But again , Mr Beesley insists that once you get used to electric motoring , even this seems irrelevant .
" I come home , I get out of the car and I plug it straight in .
It takes about two or three seconds and it charges on low tariffs overnight , " he says .
" All this stuff about range and charge time amounts to scepticism and objection .
" Why do you want to keep objecting about something that is fantastic ? "
In this post I ’ll be showing you a great technique for finding keywords , that involves using the free Google Wonder Wheel tool for uncovering hidden keywords .
Google Wonder
Wheel is free and allows you to enter a root keyword and then drill down deeper and uncover more possibilities as you follow it ’s branches .
In the image below you can see that I ’ve searched on the phrase “ finding keywords ” the topic of this post .
Initially Google Wonder
Wheel shows me two main branches to choose from , one relating to ‘ choosing ’ keywords and the other related to ‘ research ’ of keywords .
I decided to look for words that related to ‘ research ’ and so I click on the right side and expand this branch out .
As you can see now the Wonder Wheel shows me a whole lot of new ideas for keywords and even more branches to dive deeper into .
I then look through each branch of the new wheel and see what keywords I can uncover that I may never have thought about before .
Once I find either a broad category or even a specific keyword phrase , I can then go over to the Google Keyword tool and see what the search volume is like for these new potential keyword phrases .
In the example below I found a keyword phrase “ finding long tail keywords ” from the Wonder Wheel , that suites this very post for my blog , that I ’m writing now .
All I need to do next is check how difficult this phrase would be to potentially go after with SEO , and if it ’s OK I can target it .
For the phrase “ finding long tail keywords ” the competition is n’t very hard , with no one really specifically targeting it on the front page of Google , and it gets about 200 exact match searches a month .
Therefore I will add this phrase into my meta tags for this post also and see if I can drive some traffic from it to my affiliate marketing sites .
When you are blogging or building a standard website , targeting additional keywords is this manner is a good idea to broaden your reach and the Google Wonder Wheel is a trusty companion for finding keywords !
I try my best to provide quality content for my readers in this blog , so if you like my posts , I would greatly appreciate it if you leave a comment and use the Twitter and / or bookmarking buttons to spread the word !
Thanks
Matt
View Transcript
Transcript
Dilbert is working with a device .
He says to Dogbert , " I call my invention the ' Eargarette . ' "
Dilbert puts it behind his ear and says , " It 's a cigarette for your ear ! "
Dilbert continues , " It allows non-smokers to take smoking breaks . "
Dogbert asks , " Is there any downside ? " Dilbert responds , " What ? "
Dogbert says , " Never mind . "
Dilbert is in a meeting with The Boss and Wally .
Dilbert says , " We 've been working for fifteen minutes straight .
I need an eargarette break . "
Dilbert and Wally are standing outside .
Both have eargarettes in their ears .
Dilbert asks , " What ? "
Wally replies , " What ? " Dilbert asks again , " What ? "
Back in the meeting , Dilbert offers Wally , " Ear mint ? "
Wally replies , " Two , please . "
The world does need an Apple tablet -- and perhaps others -- contrary to what I asserted in late January .
Gloaters will circle my admission like vultures pecking a carcass , but that 's the penalty for being wrong .
Yes , I was wrong .
I admit it .
Flail me in Betanews comments or other blogs .
Surely Macheads will peck away even my bones .
Go ahead .
I wo n't often give you such opportunity .
There 's strange and unexpected timing to my admission , which since the weekend I planned to write today .
Last night , I saw that my former boss and colleague Michael Gartenberg scathingly slammed Wired for iPad in an Engadget post .
He 's wrong , too .
Wired was to be my main example for what iPad publishing should be -- at least from an immersive content perspective .
Now I need to also rebut Gartenberg 's pithy but misguided commentary .
Some quick background : I bought an iPad on April 17th ; earlier , I gave 12 reasons why I would n't .
One reason for buying outweighed the 12 for not :
The need to test the tablet so I could write more authoritatively about it .
Apple most assuredly would n't send me a review unit ; I do n't pucker up and kiss PR butt with loving soliloquies about how great are Apple products -- although this post is about as close as there may be for a long time .
On May 24th , I sold the 64GB iPad to a friend for a little less than what I paid for it .
He since bought two more iPads ( one 3G ) .
But I missed the iPad and could n't quite say why at first .
I did n't need the device .
Functionally , iPad overlapped with smartphone and laptop .
Advertisement
I was wrong .
On further reflection , I realized that iPad offers fresh functionality : Immersion .
I find there are fewer reading distractions , and content is better presented than on a laptop and browser .
I 'm more focused and retain more of what I read .
For reasons not easily explained , I find myself more thoroughly reading iBooks than defaulting to the skimming I sometimes do with physical books .
Part of this immersive experience is the technology , but also how iPad is used .
Apple 's tablet is a sit down and focus device , as much because of size and shape as screen and user interface .
The totality -- physical design and software benefits -- is immersion .
On June 10 , I bought another 64GB iPad .
An Immersion Experience
I 'm reading Nicholas Carr's The Shallows : What the Internet is Doing to Our Brains , on iPad .
( By the way , I purchased The Shallows e-book from the Amazon Kindle Store because the title was n't available from Apple 's iBookstore .
Some advice to Amazon : Loosen up the kerning and line spacing ; create more white space .
Apple 's e-books are much easier reads than are yours . )
Carr writes about how using the Internet changes us -- not just our behavior but neural wetware .
All those hyperlinks and other visual elements , the pecking of tweets , RSS alerts , IMs and e-mail and the bouncy , bouncy skimming the survive of information via search engines fundamentally changes how we consume media and information .
My experience is similar to Carr's , what I call " Internet Deficit Attention Disorder " : Diminished concentration and attention span but better ability to process and coordinate smaller chunks of information .
Has your concentration changed as your Internet usage increased ?
Carr backs up his claims with research , but personal experience is good enough for me .
The Internet is immersive , too , but in a more fleeting and distracted way than , say , reading a book or magazine .
The iPad is a remedy for distraction while letting users reap the Internet 's benefits .
Apple marketing material makes audacious claims : " iPad is the best way to experience the Web " and " the Safari Web browser on iPad puts the Internet in your hands -- literally . "
Most any smartphone manufacturer , including Apple , could make similar claims .
Surely , most anyone using a personal computer has experienced the Web .
I initially dismissed these claims as marketing fluff , but on reconsideration actually see meaning to them .
There is something immersive about consuming content on iPad that does change the Web experience -- and that of other media .
As I asserted earlier , the iPad 's immersive qualities are part shape and design ( how people hold the device ) and user interface ( software and services ) .
Newspapers and magazines are immersive , mostly distraction - free reading , too .
Look at how people read newspapers -- perhaps lounging over breakfast or during a subway commute .
The newspaper 's shape , which opens wide when held up with two hands , creates a barrier to the world while putting the content in the reader 's face .
Wired for iPad is No CD - ROM
Immersion -- and this is something every media publisher wants of its consumers -- extends well beyond iPad 's Web browser , which does n't deliver the device 's best immersive content experiences .
Games and publishing apps are more immersive .
Among the latter category , Wired stands out .
The Wired magazine app shows what the future of electronic media can be :
There is a clear delineation between Wired ads and content .
The horizontal moving through the magazine but vertical scrolling of stories is inspired .
I find myself more likely to read an entire iPad Wired story than one from Economist or Rolling Stone print ( I subscribe to both ) .
From an editorial perspective , the reader is better able to immerse in the stories , while easily skimming among them .
For advertisers , marketing material has more punch .
It stands out better from editorial content .
All this is lost on Gartenberg , who , granted , is not a media analyst .
Neither am I , but I 'm a journalist and I have worked as an editor overseeing freelancers , designers and pagination staff .
Gartenberg likens Wired for iPad to CD - ROM publications of the 1990s .
He writes :
CD - ROM versions of the publications hardly replaced their print counterparts .
Content has since moved from optical disk to the Web , and now the allure of tablet devices has created a market for specific newspaper and magazine apps -- the number one paid app for iPad is a digital version of Wired , which sold about 1,000 copies an hour the first day it was launched .
While it 's a much better effort than some of the other efforts , more than anything Wired for iPad shows the weaknesses of media apps and demonstrates how the tablet remains a still - imperfect medium to deliver this type of content .
Wired for iPad is nothing like CD - ROM magazines , which failed for many reasons -- usability among the most important .
CD - ROM magazines were slow , and they were cumbersome to use , because of extra steps , like inserting the disc , navigating the menus and waiting for response .
They offered few benefits over physical publications , which could be picked up and opened in a single motion of the hand and arm and read anytime and anywhere .
By comparison , electronic
Wired is fast , responsive and can be read anywhere the iPad goes , and the device is n't bound to a location the way PCs were in the 1990s .
But there remains the question of benefits .
Gartenberg sees deficiencies :
Even though the content is digital , the reader loses most of digital content 's benefits .
I can go to the Wired Website , link to articles there on my blog , share them via e-mail or Twitter and use the power of the web to share and opine .
The iPad edition offers none of that flexibility -- and it does n't offer any of the flexibility of paper either .
I can annotate my paper version of Wired , clip out articles , or even pass the entire magazine on to you and you can in turn pass it on to others .
I can't do any of those things with the iPad edition .
Are these deficiencies or distractions ?
Media creators want consumers to immerse in their content .
So , what ?
Gartenberg would change how theaters show movies ?
Rather than a single , uninterrupted showing of Avatar , there should be sharing options ?
" Text ' 5555 ' to share a video clip of this scene with Facebook friends . "
Website sharing options are in many ways artificial constructs -- put there to feed the Google economy .
If publishers did n't need traffic and pageviews to satisfy advertisers , most Websites would n't so prominently place so many distracting sharing options .
Media companies want to build audience , and I now see iPad 's potential for doing just that .
Immersion is a powerful intoxicant .
As for Wired , Gartenberg and I agree on something : Price .
Wired asks too much by charging 5 bucks for each digital issue .
That 's something easily changed by offering a reasonable , digital subscription price .
Put together an unstoppable team of divers and hackers
Fantasy Football has exploded since moving off the newspapers and onto the Interwebs .
Nowadays every office lunchbreak has someone boasting about their league ranking or furiously trying to work out a last minute transfer .
With World Cup 2010 peeking over the horizon , a couple of bright chaps have come up with a pretty excellent twist on the typical fantasy football game – Fantasy Cheaters Football .
Instead of a picking a team based on admirable criteria like assists and clean sheets , the aim here is to come up with 11 of the dirtiest players the world has to offer .
The genius points system takes into account diving , cynical fouls , waving invisible cards , stealing yards on throw - ins ( a personal Spoiler peeve ) and a whole range of other sneaky tactics employed by the beautiful game ’s worst offenders .
We ’ve put together our own team of football ’s most talented bastards below ( not thought of a keeper yet ) .
Anyone we ’ve left out ?
DR : Dani Alves
DL : Emmanuel Eboue DC : Nemanja Vidic
DC : Giorgio Chiellini MR : Cristiano Ronaldo
ML : Arjen Robben MC : Sergio Busquets
MC : Steven Gerrard ST : Alberto Gilardino
ST : Didier Drogba
Tagged With : Fantasy Cheaters League • World Cup 2010
Sandro Rosell will become the new FC Barcelona president on 1 July after winning 61 % of the vote in Sunday 's election to succeed the outgoing Joan Laporta .
The former club vice - president was a clear winner in the election , which saw 57,088 members vote ; his nearest competitors Agustín Benedito and Marc Ingla polled 14 % and 12 % of the vote respectively .
" I will not let you down , " said the 46 - year - old , adding : " The winner in this election has been Barcelona 's members .
The high turn - out has shown fans ' desire to play their part and show commitment to the club . "
The club 's 39th president elect has already spoken to Barcelona coach Josep Guardiola as the Spanish champions begin to plan for the 2010 / 11 season .
" I have spoken to Pep and before he goes on holiday and I 'll try to help upgrade the team in the last few days before I take over .
We spoke about the elections for about ten minutes , but will sit down in a few days to talk further . "
Throughout history , jewelry has been worn to represent status , religion , or to display elements of a specific culture .
The use of precious metals and stones in jewelry is very common and often these have qualities associated with them such as protection and good luck .
In the Zelda series , bracelets and rings have traditionally been collected as power - up items to help Link continue his quest .
You can pick up heavy rocks using the Power Bracelet for example , or use the Gold …
In a special edition of The Report for Radio 4's London Season , Mukul Devichand asks whether the city 's white working class has been left behind .
In cosmopolitan inner London , he finds schools belatedly trying to engage with low achievement in an ethnic minority : the white British population on free school meals .
As central and local government begin to change their approach to the " white working class " , Devichand re-tells the history that has seen the oldest community in London slowly move out .
It 's a tale of alienation and a dark poverty of aspiration , and a place to ask pointed questions about the dreams and realities of those who feel left out in an increasingly globalised London .
Show less
John Fitzgerald
Page is not only a horrible person who once tried to extort $ 1000 from a 19 year - old girl .
He is also the world 's cheapest person .
Let 's enjoy some tales of his absurd frugality !
John Fitzgerald Page is the Worst Person in the World , an " actor / model " and CEO of the Atlanta - based talent agency Modern Models .
He recently sent a series of threatening emails to a 19 year - old girl after she revealed to a bunch of models that Modern Models is a scam .
For example , Page regularly posts the names and pictures of talent who owe him commissions — as little as $ 12.80 — on a " Deadbeats " page on Modern Model 's website .
We spoke to one model — we 'll call her Anna — who was once on the Wall of Deadbeats .
Based on what she told us , that practice is the least ridiculous example of the pathetic cheapness with which Page runs his scam agency .
When Anna was represented by Page 's agency , he took her to an upscale restaurant for breakfast :
[ Page ] had two coupons for a free breakfast at a very nice restaurant .
But you could only use one coupon per party , so we went in separately and pretended like we did n't know each other .
He made me eat at a different table , and then we had to text to let each other know when we were ready to go .
It was ridiculous .
He took her back the next week , two more coupons in hand .
But when he saw that the same hostess was working , they turned around .
" He said , ' Well , I guess we can't eat breakfast today , ' " Anna said .
Anna lives outside of Atlanta , and when she would come into the city for gigs , Page would let her stay at what she thought was his condo .
He had a roommate , which Page told her was his " dogwalker " : a functional alcoholic he let stay at his place because he felt bad for him .
What a great guy !
Except Page did n't own the condo .
He was renting a room from his " dogwalker " roommate — actually a businessman who later kicked Page out after a falling - out .
One day , Anna gave Page a commission check that was five cents short .
( She had written it while at a stop light . )
" He said , ' Uh , Honey ?
You owe me a nickel .
He actually had me give him a nickel . "
To celebrate the one - year anniversary of his agency , Page threw a party at the condo he was pretending to own .
He supplied the alcohol : Cheap vodka , poured into Grey Goose bottles he had asked his roommate to save for the purpose .
Anna quit Modern Models a few weeks ago when Page put her on the Wall of Deadbeats after she did n't pay him a commission for a job he found posted by a real talent agency on Craigslist .
( Page 's business model is to take advantage of inexperienced models by " setting them up " with publicly - listed jobs they could have easily found themselves and charging them a 20 % commission . )
Page wrote Anna a farewell email :
Anna , you have terrible skin , are short , and have health problems .
You date a roofer and go to a state school , named after a city .
You have a country quality that is very obvious to my upscale , city friends - you stick out like a sore thumb .
You were one of the 5 least attractive girls in my agency , but you had a go getter attitude , which you survived on .
Anna ended up paying
Page the $ 25.32 commission she owed him , and Page scammed her of about $ 50 - $ 100 during her time with Modern Models .
But , hey , at least she got to eat breakfast alone at the same restaurant as him that one time .
Previously :
World 's Worst Person Tries to Extort 19 - Year - Old Girl
19 Year - Old Escapes Wrath of World 's Worst Person , For Now
As the man behind some of the most successful McLaren Formula 1 cars and the incomparable McLaren F1 supercar , Gordon Murray has designed some of the fastest cars ever .
Now he 's building one of the smallest .
And most radical .
The British engineer finally unveiled his T.25 City Car , the Lilliputian runabout he 's spent three years developing .
Although the 74 - mpg T.25 and its T.27 electric sibling recall the microcars of post - war Europe , it 's quite advanced .
Beyond using a tubular steel frame , composite materials and a canopy that opens like a Lamborghini 's doors , the T.25 will use a manufacturing process said to tremendously reduce capital , space and materials .
Many leading automakers are embracing compacts and subcompacts , which could comprise one - third of the U.S. market by 2013 .
But to say the T.25 is tiny is to say John Isner and Nicolas Mahut can play tennis .
At just a hair over 4 feet wide and just shy of 8 feet long , it 's smaller than a Smart ForTwo or Toyota iQ yet can seat three .
A car that small opens up all kinds of possibilities in a congested urban setting .
Parked nose to the curb , three will fit in a single space .
With a turning radius of just under 20 feet , the car will almost literally turn on a dime .
And the T.25 is so narrow you could drive two abreast .
An idea Gordon actually suggests .
Gordon Murray
Designs says driving two abreast in a single lane during peak travel times could increase lane usage as much as three - fold , effectively easing congestion by allowing more people to use the road .
That 's assuming traffic engineers and traffic laws would allow such a thing and motorists would be willing to cram themselves together to so tightly .
Murray is n't so naive as to think we 'll all be driving side - by - side in cars that could fit in the bed of a pickup truck .
But he says a car like the T.25 " creates the opportunity to explore the possibility . "
Big - picture thinking aside , the car is still fairly revolutionary .
It weighs about 1,200 pounds and measures 94.5 inches long , 51.1 inches wide and 55.1 inches tall .
The driver sits front and center , with two passengers behind – an arrangement that mirrors the layout of the McLaren F1 road car .
The canopy - style door swings upward to allow easy access in even the tightest parking spot .
We can hear you back there saying this car will be about as safe as a ride in a Red Bull can .
But Murray – who designed F1 cars for Brabham and McLaren – designed the T.25 around a safety cell , and one only need witness Mark Webber 's horrific crash at the European Grand Prix to appreciate how strong a properly designed cell can be .
The T.25 has a tubular steel frame and a composite floor , according to Autocar .
It also has independent suspension front and rear , antilock brakes and traction and stability control .
Power comes from a 660 - cc three - cylinder engine that produces 51 horsepower and 42 pound - feet of torque , making it about as powerful as the first - gen MG Midget ( and about 400 pounds lighter ) .
The car has a 5 - speed clutchless transmission .
The diminutive drivetrain is good for a governed top speed of 90 mph and glacial acceleration – zero to 62 mph takes 16.2 seconds , about what a 1980 Toyota Corolla requires .
That 's pretty freakin ' slow , but remember – Murray is billing this as a city car , not something you 're going to spend a lot of time driving on the freeway .
Claimed CO2 emissions are 86 g/ km and the car reportedly gets 74 mpg .
An electric version called the T.27 would use a 25 - kilowatt ( 33 horsepower ) motor and a 12 - kilowatt - hour lithium - ion battery .
It would have a range of 80 to 100 miles , but so far the T.27 is just a concept .
Murray says the T.25 could see production within two years using a process as innovative as the car .
Murray calls it iStream .
He 's spent 15 years developing it and calls it " a complete rethink and redesign of the traditional manufacturing process . "
The iStream process simplifies manufacturing by installing all of the major components on the chassis before fitting the body panels , which are pre-painted .
That allows the car to be built in a smaller – and therefore more energy - efficient – factory .
Cars can be built faster and more easily , improvements more easily adopted and capital expenses greatly reduced .
Murray is not some crackpot with a half - baked idea .
Beyond designing Formula
One racers from 1969 until 2006 , he designed the McLaren F1 , Mercedes - Benz SLR McLaren and Camparo T1 supercars .
Gordon Murray Designs asked Holger Erker of the German engineering consultancy IPE Engineering to analyze iStream .
Erker came away impressed .
" It is the most radical change in , let 's say , the last 100 years of car body making , " Holger told CNN .
" With iStream , one of the most cost - intensive steps – body panel press shop – is completely eliminated . "
According to the Independent , Gordon Murray Designs has sold the rights to the T.25 to an unnamed British manufacturer that hopes to produce the car for £ 6,000 ( about $ 9,000 ) .
Photos : Gordon Murray Designs
Some days it feels like a whole bunch of people fighting internet censorship - or clamouring for Government 2.0 , or complaining about movie studios protecting their copyrights - only perceive politics though the narrow prism of " hands off my internets " .
This strikes me as both naïve and arrogant .
It 's naïve to imagine the government would change course just because the digital elites get fired up about something and issue a stream of sarcastic tweets .
It 's arrogant to denigrate politicians as stupid or ignorant because they do n't deeply understand digital technology - and yes I know I sometimes do that myself , but I 'm thinking aloud here - when the critics have only a shallow understanding of politics and government .
Why is their ignorance acceptable ?
It 's also arrogant for the elites to assume that their wants and needs for the internet are better than anyone else's .
A clear example of the naivety was this bizarre idea that emerged during the elevation of Julia Gillard to Prime Minister : that Senator Stephen Conroy would or could or should be sacked as Minister for Broadband , Communications and the Digital Economy and replaced by Senator Kate Lundy .
For a start , why sack Conroy ?
Apart from internet filtering , an issue of interest to only small if vocal minority on either side , everything else chugs along fine .
After a few false starts , Conroy has gotten the National Broadband Network ( NBN ) under way .
He appears to be pulling off the biggest telecommunications reform in two decades with the Telstra / NBN Co deal .
There 's currently no scandal for which he needs to take blame .
And looking at the communications side of his portfolio , Conroy certainly possesses the rugged negotiation skills needed to handle media magnates like Rupert Murdoch and Kerry Stokes .
Even if Conroy were sacked - or promoted or chose a new portfolio - why replace him with Lundy ?
Sure , Lundy is experienced and well - respected .
She was Shadow Minister for Information Technology from 1998 to 2004 .
She 's been a strong proponent of Government 2.0 .
She 's built strong links into online communities .
But since when has any of that been a deciding factor in appointing a minister ?
More relevant is the pool of talent in the junior ranks of the ALP , many of them deserving promotion .
Bill Shorten , Maxine McKew , Mike Kelly and Mark Butler come to mind .
Lundy is also married to David Forman , executive director of the Competitive Carriers Coalition , the everyone - but - Telstra lobby group led by Optus .
While this is n't necessarily a show - stopper , it'd be difficult for Lundy to avoid allegations of a conflict of interest .
Telstra spinner Rod Bruem certainly had a go two years ago .
Legal threats followed .
But the biggest mistake here is imagining government policy would change if Lundy replaced Conroy .
Senator Conroy is certainly the public face of the internet filter , and Labor 's Plan for Cyber Safety issued just before the November 2007 federal election lists Conroy as the author .
But as Crikey 's Canberra correspondent Bernard Keane put it recently , Conroy is just doing his job as a professional politician to implement policy , and the filter is still ALP policy today :
" Look ten years down the track , or twenty years , when Conroy has left politics and he 's written his memoirs , for all we know he 'll reveal that he absolutely hated the filter and it infuriated him every time he had to defend it ...
You do n't get a choice about these things .
There is such a thing as cabinet solidarity which means that you do what you 're told . "
Gillard may well open the subject for cabinet discussion - after all , Kevin Rudd was a keen supporter of mandatory internet filtering and he 's gone .
But it 's also widely believed that the filter was part of a Senate preferences deal between Labor and Family First that led to Conroy being elected in the first place .
Would Conroy renege ?
His comments this week suggest not .
It 's wonderful that people are getting involved in a political debate , any political debate .
But calling for Conroy 's dismissal demonstrates little understanding of politics and government .
That is n't noteworthy , of course .
Few Australians of any kind have much clue about this stuff .
We 're one of the most politically apathetic nations on earth .
Back in the late 1980s I was a producer with ABC Radio in Adelaide .
The day after a state cabinet reshuffle , I asked random people in King William Street and Rundle Mall to name any member of cabinet , old or new .
Seventy percent of them did n't even know what " cabinet " meant .
" You mean like John Howard ? " ventured one young woman .
Well , kinda .
Bob Hawke deposed the Fraser government , of which Howard was Treasurer , in 1983 .
Wrong level of government , wrong side of politics .
But at least she had a go .
Few of the rest got any further than naming Premier John Bannon .
I daresay if we repeated the exercise today with the digital elites , the result would n't be much different .
Maybe it should be .
Stilgherrian is an opinionated and irreverent writer , broadcaster and consultant based in Sydney , Australia .
At least 220 people were killed in the Democratic Republic of Congo when an overturned oil tanker exploded and set fire to parts of a village .
Scores more were injured in the accident in Sange , near the border with Burundi .
Some of those who died were trying to collect leaking fuel , but others were trapped inside buildings , including a cinema , by the fire .
UN peacekeepers joined rescue efforts to help evacuate the injured .
Eyewitnesses said the fire engulfed dozens of houses .
" People tried to escape but were caught by the fire and reduced to ashes , " Tondo Sahizira , 28 , told AFP news agency .
' Terrible shock '
The accident happened late on Friday in Sange , about 70 km ( 40 miles ) south of the town of Bukavu in South Kivu .
FUEL TANKER DISASTERS
October 2009 :
At least 70 people burnt to death when tanker explodes in Anambra state , Nigeria , setting fire to minibuses
November 2008 : Tanker overturns and explodes in Ghana , killing at least 22 as people scoop up fuel
August 2008 : Similar incident kills dozens of villagers in explosion in northern Cameroon
January 2008 : Dozens of people reported dead as tanker explodes near Port Harcourt , Nigeria
March 2007 : Up to 100 dead in blast after trying to collect fuel from broken - down tanker in Nigeria 's Kaduna State
The truck , travelling from Tanzania , overturned and began leaking fuel .
" Petrol began to leak out but instead of fleeing people came to collect the fuel , " Mr Sahizira said .
" A few minutes later there was an explosion , flames burst from the truck and spread very quickly . "
Several homes with thatched roofs were engulfed in flames , as was the cinema where a crowd had gathered to watch the World Cup .
Madnodje Mounoubai , a spokesman for the UN peacekeeping mission , said the death toll could rise .
" Right now , we are talking about 220 dead and 111 wounded , but this is not the final toll .
This is a very fluid situation , " he said .
The UN corrected an earlier report that five peacekeepers died and now says none were killed .
Peacekeepers helped evacuate dozens of the injured to hospitals in towns of Bukavu and Uvira .
Congolese troops have also been sent to Sange help survivors .
Jean - Claude Kibala , South Kivu 's vice - governor , said scenes in the village were " terrible " .
" There are lots of dead bodies on the streets .
The population is in terrible shock - no - one is crying or speaking , " he said .
Local officials told the BBC that some of the victims had already been buried in mass graves outside the village .
Surveillance of the Left party has been controversial for years .
Its partial roots in the former East German Communist Party have led to concern over extremist tendencies amongst its rank and file .
Yet the Left party has been elected into many city and state parliaments - it 's even in a number of regional coalitions with bigger parties .
And it's an established - though small - party in the national parliament , the Bundestag .
Several of the party 's MPs have gone to court over the issue and on Wednesday , a verdict by the Federal Administrative Court in Leipzig is expected to determine once and for all whether or not there are enough grounds to justify surveillance of the party and its members .
Bodo Ramelow won the case for himself and is now fighting for his party
Left party politician Bodo Ramelow is at the center of the current legal battle .
He went to court in 2009 and won - yet the verdict only applied to his person .
" They must be really afraid of potential threats coming from the left of the political spectrum , " Ramelow said .
" They 're monitoring flyers and websites - that really is nonsense .
There are other things wrong in this country that need much more attention . "
Communists , Marxists , radicals ?
Two years ago , the head of the domestic intelligence service , Heinz Fromm , suggested there may come a time when it would be out of proportion to monitor the entire party if there are only a few individual cases that cause concern .
" Should the situation really be that we 're only thinking about individual cases , then we continually have to put this into perspective as to whether this justifies our agency being busy with this , " Fromm said
The party stands accused of sympathising with left - wing extremism and violence
But so far , nothing has changed ; the Left party is still under surveillance .
In the current annual report by the domestic intelligence service , there are a full seven pages dedicated to the party .
" On the one hand the party is gearing its public appearance towards being perceived as a reform - oriented new leftist party .
But at the same time there are still many indicators for left wing extremism .
Those are in particular the unclear stance towards left wing extremist violence and the open acceptance of extremist alliances among its own members , " the report says .
The extremist alliances referred to are for instance the " Communist Platform " or the " Marxist Forum " within the party .
Parliament 's vice president also under surveillance
Petra Pau is a member of the Left party , and a member of the national parliament - in fact , she 's its vice president .
For years she 's been trying to obtain access to the file that the intelligence service has on her .
That file is believed to be some 600 pages long - and Pau has been permitted to see some of it , but some sections remain classified .
" One of the main entries is : ' Petra Pau has been elected vice president of parliament . '
Now there might be an intelligence officer who does n't particularly like that - but it surely can't be listed as a proof of my unconstitutional mindset , " Pau said .
" But the government is trying to use this information in a public debate .
And I think that is not acceptable , " she added .
Pau is vice president of parliament and still has a classified personal file
What Pau wants is to have access to her file and then have it deleted .
Stuck in the Cold War
The Left party is present on all political levels in Germany , it has 76 deputies in the national parliament - and it argues the political establishment should rather deal with it in a political debate rather than via the intelligence service .
" The fact that I could sue - and actually won - is proof that the judicial system in this country works , " Ramelow says .
" But those observing us really still have their heads stuck in the Cold War . "
Ramelow hopes the Federal Administrative Court in Leipzig will confirm the earlier rulings - and turn them into a general precedent that no member of the Left party can be put under surveillance for reason of his or her party affiliation alone .
Author : Marcel Fuerstenau ( ai )
Editor : Susan Houlton
.-
An Italian Vatican expert is saying that Bishop Luigi Padovese , Apostolic Vicar of Anatolia and President of the Turkish Bishops ’ Conference , canceled his trip to Cyprus because he feared that his driver –who later confessed to killing the bishop - might attempt an attack on Pope Benedict XVI during his stay on the island .
Analyst Fr. Fillippo di Giacomo , who writes for publications such as L’Unitá and La Stampa , revealed that “ hours before Padovese was killed , the Turkish Government called him to say that his driver , who they themselves had put in his service four years before , had gotten out of hand .
That is to say , he had embraced the fundamentalist cause . ”
Speaking to the Spanish daily El Pais , Fr. di Giacomo added that “ knowing this , Padovese canceled the tickets he had reserved to Cyprus for himself and Altun ( his driver ) .
He preferred to stay home rather than to make the trip because he feared that his driver would take advantage of his proximity to the Pope and make an attempt on his life . ”
According to El Pais , “ the death of the Capuchin Franciscan bishop , known as an intellectual open to Islam , and who adored Turkey , occurred at a dramatic moment in the Middle East , right after Israel killed nine people ( eight Turks and an American ) in their assault on the humanitarian flotilla in international waters that attempted to pass through the Israeli blockade of Gaza . ”
Another less - covered topic , which is nevertheless of concern to the Vatican , was the expulsion of 28 Christians from Morocco , El Pais added .
The Spanish daily argued that the Moroccan government took advantage of the international chaos to deport the missionaries who worked with the poor because they “ perturbed the mentality of the good Muslim . ”
In his interview with the Spanish daily , Fr. di Giacomo asserted that the expulsion was a consequence of the “ fatwa promulgated by 7,300 Moroccan Muslim doctors who recently declared that Christian charity ought to be considered religious terrorism . ”
During the celebration of Bishop Padovese ’s funeral Mass , the Turkish TV station NTV announced that the 26 year - old driver , Murat Altun , had confessed to killing the bishop .
He died after being stabbed 25 times , eight of them in his heart , and was almost completely decapitated by Altun , who said he murdered Bishop Padovese because he had received a “ divine inspiration . ”
NTV added that Altun shouted “ Allahu Akbar ” a number of times after the murder , despite having presented himself as a Catholic .
This part two of a six part introduction to c2hs .
Today , we discuss getting the damn thing to compile in the first place .
Reader prerequisites .
You should know how to write , configure and build a vanilla Cabal file for pure Haskell .
Fortunately , with cabal init , this is easier than ever .
I 'll talk about how to setup a Cabal file for linking in C files , which is applicable to any sort of FFI writing ( as it turns out , enabling c2hs is the trivial bit ) .
Enabling c2hs .
Trick question ; Cabal will automatically detect files with the extension chs and run c2hs with appropriate flags on them .
However , since this operation might fail if the user has n't installed c2hs , you should add the following line to your Cabal file :
Build - tools : c2hs
You should be able to compile an empty Haskell module that has chs as its file extension now .
( There is some Cabal hook code for adding c2hs preprocessor support , but it is completely unnecessary . )
Looking at the resulting hs .
Once a chs file has been preprocessed , Cabal will not look at it any more .
You should not be afraid of looking at the preprocessor output ; in many cases , it will be far more elucidating when you 're trying to fix a type error .
In general , the hs file will be located in the dist / build directory , as this build message ( generated by GHC , not c2hs ) shows :
Building abcBridge - 0.1... [ 5 of 11 ] Compiling Data.ABC.Internal.VecPtr ( dist / build/Data/ABC/Internal/VecPtr.hs , dist/build/Data/ABC/Internal/VecPtr.o )
The code you see will look something like this :
-- GENERATED by C-> Haskell Compiler , version 0.16.2 Crystal Seed , 24 Jan 2009 ( Haskell ) --
Edit the ORIGNAL .chs file instead !
{-# LINE 1 " src/Data/ABC/Internal/VecPtr.chs "
#-}{-# LANGUAGE ForeignFunctionInterface #-} module Data.ABC.Internal.VecPtr where
The LINE pragmas ensure that when a type error is generated by the resulting Haskell code , you will get back line numbers that refer to the original chs file .
This is not error - proof ; sometimes errors will show up one or two lines where c2hs claims the error is .
Imports and language features .
c2hs generates Haskell code that needs some language features and imports .
You should explicitly add the ForeignFunction Interface language pragma to the top of your program ; while it is possible to enable this via the Cabal file , it 's good form to make your hs files as standalone as possible .
In the current version of c2hs , module imports are a little more subtle .
c2hs has a legacy module named C2HS that performs imports , re-exports and extra marshalling functions ( necessary only if you 're using fun ) that C2HS may generate by default .
However , it is on its way to the dustbin , and the c2hs Cabal package does n't actually supply this module : you need to copy it into your source directory with c2hs -l .
This module depends on haskell98 .
You should not re-export this module , so it should go in your Other - modules Cabal field .
The modern approach is to do the imports and definitions explicitly yourself .
The modules to import are Foreign and Foreign.C , and there is a small assortment of marshalling functions that Haskell will complain are not defined when you try to use fun with that marshaller .
Future versions of c2hs will further reduce the necessary functions .
gtk2hs takes this approach ( although they also forgo most of C2HS 's automated marshalling support ) .
Loading the library .
If you are lucky , your package manager has the library you 'd like to create bindings for available .
In this case , you only need to add the name of the library to Extra- libraries in the Library section of your Cabal .
For example , if you want to use readline , add readline to your field , and GHC will know to find the headers in /usr / include / readline and dynamically link in /usr/lib/libreadline .so .
In some cases , a library will install itself in a standard location that is not searched for by default ( for example , Oracle on Linux systems , and basically any library on Windows ) ; in this case , you can tell Cabal where this " non-standard standard " location is with Extra - lib - dirs .
If your C library is not a good citizen ( which is the case with many niche libraries ) , some extra steps need to be taken .
Here are some common situations , and suggestions for how to deal with them :
The library is small and has a simple build process .
In this case , it is feasible to bundle the library 's source with your package and manage its compilation entirely with Cabal .
If your library offers no make install , this may be your only option , besides asking your users to manually supply the necessary linker options to hook up the two installs ( not a very user - friendly option , in particular , it makes running cabal install complicated ) .
You should only do this with small amounts of source code , since the GHC - directed compilation is much slower than a usual build .
See Compiling the library with Cabal and Managing includes .
I want to bundle the library for X reason , but its build process is complicated .
In such a case , it is possible to setup Cabal to call the libraries build process , and then use the resulting files for the Haskell build process .
There are numerous disadvantages to this , including a messy Cabal file and a messy install process , so if you 're able to do ( 3 ) , I recommend that instead .
See Compiling the library with hooks for details .
You should also read Managing includes .
I do n't want to bundle the library .
In this case , you will need to give instructions for end -users to download , compile and install the external library .
It will be a lot easier for users if you , the package author , go and package the library for various distributions , so that it becomes a well - behaved , albeit seldom installed , library .
If a user is unwilling to install the library in the canonical paths , they will need to pass cabal the appropriate options .
See Manual linking .
Compiling the library with Cabal .
Cabal has the ability to compile C code in a very simple fashion : it takes a list of files from the Cabal field C - sources and compiles them in that order .
In particular , it does n't do any dependency tracking , so when you feed it the list of files , make sure they 're in the right order !
This makes this mechanism appropriate only for small amounts of C , including C that you may write yourself to aid the binding process .
There is a growing convention to place c files in cbits , and h files in include .
You can then tell Cabal about these directories with the following lines :
--
This ensures that Cabal places these files in the release tarball , -- which is important if you plan to release Extra - source - files : cbits , include -- ... Library foobar -- ... --
The C source files to compile , in that order C- sources : cbits / foobar.c , cbits/foobaz.c --
The location of the header files Include - dirs : include --
The header files to be included Includes : foobar.h , foobaz .h --
Header files to install Install - includes : foobar.h , foobaz .h
A few words about the " includes " fields :
The Includes field will probably not make a user - visible difference when the compilation goes well .
However , it is good form to specify because Cabal will then go and check that those include files exist and are usable prior to compilation , giving the user a better error message if there are problems .
Usage .
Specify any standard headers and any bundled headers that your package uses .
field will probably not make a user - visible difference when the compilation goes well .
However , it is good form to specify because Cabal will then go and check that those include files exist and are usable prior to compilation , giving the user a better error message if there are problems .
Usage .
Specify any standard headers and any bundled headers that your package uses .
The Install - includes field will cause Cabal to place those header files in a public location upon installation .
This is necessary for older versions of GHC to compile your code or if modules that use your module need to perform C includes of your library or cbits ; it 's generally good form to install your headers .
Usage .
Specify just the bundled headers that your package uses and exports .
Compiling the library with hooks .
If there are over a dozen C files to be compiled , you may want to let the traditional configure && make process handle things for you .
In this case , it may be appropriate to setup a small hook in Cabal 's Setup.hs using the experimental hooks interface to invoke the compilation .
Here is a simple sample build script :
import Distribution .
Simple import Distribution .
Simple .
Setup import Distribution .
Simple .
Utils ( rawSystemExit ) main = defaultMainWithHooks simpleUserHooks { preBuild = \a b -> makeLib a b >> preBuild simpleUserHooks a b } makeLib :: Args -> BuildFlags -> IO ( ) makeLib _ flags = rawSystemExit ( fromFlag $ buildVerbosity flags ) " env " [ " CFLAGS=- D_LIB " , " make " , " -- directory=abc " , " libabc.a " ]
We 've added our own makeLib build script to the preBuild ( while preserving the old simpleUserHooks version ) , and use a Cabal utility function rawSystemExit to do most of the lifting for us .
Notice that -- directory=abc needed to be passed to make ; Cabal runs in the same directory as the cabal file , and so you 'll probably need to adjust your working directory to the library directory .
setCurrentDirectory may come in handy .
Your build process will probably place the resulting libfoo .
a file somewhere not dist / build .
You can tell Cabal to look in that directory using the Extra - lib - dirs field .
The above steps are enough to get a clean source checkout of your software working , but to ensure that users will be able to install the result of cabal sdist , you will need to go a little further .
First , any source file that the build processes you will need to explicitly list in Extra - source - files .
Cabal only affords a limited form of globbing , which must be in the filename and contain a file extension , so this list can get quite long ( and we recommend you generate it with a script . )
Second , the static / dynamic libraries that the build process creates probably will not be placed in a place that GHC will look when compiling , resulting in this error :
Linking dist / build/abc-test/abc-test ... /usr / bin/ld : cannot find - labc collect2 : ld returned 1 exit status
We can place our library in the same place where Cabal places the static libraries of Haskell modules during installation with another hook :
import Distribution .
Simple import Distribution .
Simple .
Setup import Distribution .
Simple .Utils ( rawSystemExit ) import Distribution .PackageDescription ( PackageDescription (.. ) ) import Distribution .Simple.LocalBuildInfo ( LocalBuildInfo(.. ) , InstallDirs (.. ) , absoluteInstallDirs ) main = defaultMainWithHooks simpleUserHooks { preConf = \a f -> makeAbcLib a f >> preConf simpleUserHooks a f , copyHook = copyAbcLib } -- ... copyAbcLib :: PackageDescription -> LocalBuildInfo -> UserHooks -> CopyFlags -> IO ( ) copyAbcLib pkg_descr lbi _ flags = do let libPref = libdir .
absoluteInstallDirs pkg_descr lbi .
fromFlag .
copyDest $ flags rawSystemExit ( fromFlag $ copyVerbosity flags ) " cp " [ " abc/libabc.a " , libPref ]
The incant to the right of libPref determines where Cabal is going to install the library files , and then we simply copy our libraries to that location .
( Nota bene .
You should really only use this trick if you 're sure no one is going to install this library globally , because having non-binary compatible libraries floating around with the same name is no fun at all . )
Managing includes .
Any non-standard directories that need to be in the include path should be added to Include - dirs .
If there are a lot of such directories in the library , consider an alternate solution : create symlinks to all of the relevant header files in include and then just add that directory to Include - dirs .
Manual linking .
If you need to manually tell Cabal where the relevant headers and libraries are , you can use the -- extra - include - dirs and -- extra - lib - dirs flags with cabal configure or cabal install .
They function just like Include - dirs and Extra - lib - dirs .
Cohabiting Library and Executable sections .
You may find it convenient to define a number of Executable sections in your Cabal file for testing , in which case you 'll notice that you seem to need to duplicate all of the C- related Cabal fields to each of your executable sections .
Well , in Cabal 1.8.0.4 , you can now set Build - depends to point to your same package ( " self - reference " ) ; so you declare a Build - depends on your own package for each executable and the C- related Cabal fields are unnecessary .
You will need to tell Cabal that it 's OK to use this feature with this field :
Cabal - version : >= 1.8.0.4
Postscript .
Thanks Duncan Coutts for helping clarify and suggest improvements sections of this tutorial .
Next time .
Principles of FFI API design .
A huge sinkhole in Guatemala City ( map ) , Guatemala , crashed into being on Sunday , reportedly swallowing a three - story building — and echoing a similar , 2007 sinkhole in Guatemala .
The sinkhole has likely been weeks or even years in the making — floodwaters from tropical storm Agatha caused the sinkhole to finally collapse , scientists say .
The sinkhole appears to be about 60 feet ( 18 meters ) wide and about 30 stories deep , said James Currens , a hydrogeologist at the University of Kentucky .
Sinkholes are natural depressions that can form when water - saturated soil and other particles become too heavy and cause the roofs of existing voids in the soil to collapse .
Another way sinkholes can form is if water enlarges a natural fracture in a limestone bedrock layer .
As the crack gets bigger , the topsoil gently slumps , eventually leaving behind a sinkhole .
It 's unclear which mechanism is behind the 2010 Guatemala sinkhole , but in either case the final collapse can be sudden , Currens said .
2010 Guatemala Sinkhole Could Grow
A ruptured sewer line is thought to have caused the sinkhole that appeared in Guatemala City in 2007 .
The 2010 Guatemala sinkhole could have formed in a similar fashion , Currens said .
A burst sanitary or storm sewer may have been slowly saturating the surrounding soil for a long time before tropical storm Agatha added to the inundation .
" The tropical storm came along and would have dumped even more water in there , and that could have been the final trigger that precipitated the collapse , " Currens said .
( See Guatemala pictures from National Geographic Traveler magazine . )
Depending on the makeup of the subsurface layer , the Guatemala sinkhole " could eventually enlarge and take in more buildings , " he said .
Typically , officials fill in sinkholes with large rocks and other debris .
But the 2010 Guatemala sinkhole " is so huge that it 's going to take a lot of fill material to fill it , " Currens said .
Peaceful Anti-war Protest in Parliament Square
In London at the moment , there is a peaceful anti war protest taking place in Parliament square , less than fifty yards from the front door of the “ Mother of Parliaments ” .
Try as they might , the last government failed to shut them up , and a judicial review is currently underway , and a delay in eviction has been given so the protesters , as is their right , can appeal the judgment made by a previous court hearing against their eviction .
The latest reason given for the camp to be shut down and the permanent “ residents ” moved on is because it is a health hazard , and looking at some of the protestors , there is probably cause for concern .
With no sanitation or running water , where do these people wash and do all those things we humans do .
Perhaps if there are no decent facilities in parliament square , what about allowing the protestors share the facilities at Westminster , I am sure there are spare toilets available , and with a permanent police presence , each protestor could be escorted to the bathroom , and back out again with minimum fuss .
As I see it , protestors regularly unfurl banners on the roof of Westminster , so there is probably a back way in somewhere .
The problem appears to be that the protestors are a very visible reminder of all the battle grounds around the world that the British government sends troops to , and it is all now getting very tiresome and the joke is wearing thin for the said government .
Democracy is all well and good , but governments do n’t want all this here protesting lark from the great unwashed , it is all very embarrassing .
Perhaps a suggestion for the government or the local council of Westminster to lay on some street theater or some good old carnival or fairground attractions to keep the peace protestors happy , and at the same time keep stirring things up ; it will be to their advantage , because it will divert public attention away from dubious expenses claims and dodgy second home allowances that “ Honorable Members of the House ” regularly submit .
If it really is a health issue , surely Westminster council has cleaning operatives who should be working on this , or maybe the Governments ’ health and safety legislation restricts the sanitation workers from working in such a hostile and unsanitary environment .
On the other hand , if the camp is permanent , start enforcing the payment of taxes and property tax on the residents at the camp for the privilege of staying there , or maybe there is scope for claiming for a second property like the MP ’s do , and have done in the past .
There is probably a compromise , but where Democratic governments and peaceful protestors clash , it is usually the government that wins the day .
If after all this , the protestors lose their eviction appeal , I am sure the police have some peaceful tar gas and tazers to move the great unwashed along .
Of course , the best way to get rid of a government is to vote them out at an election , but I guess if voting changed anything , it would be made illegal .
So , you know me .
I try my luck and sometimes I tend to push my luck a little , lol just ask SEGA .
But on the rare chance , sometimes it pays off .
Like this , for example .
Recently while on the NiD15.com bandwagon drumming up support , I decided on a whim , to try directly contacting a certain Mr Yuji Naka .
Yes , I know how unlikely that is , how famous he is and how rarely he gives interviews so I did n't think he'd have the time to reply to me .
But I 'd heard rumors about his total love for NiGHTS into Dreams , so I figured it would n't hurt to take a chance and ask .
Guess what ?
He replied .
Very quickly
Saying that I was surprised to see the topic " Yuji Naka has sent you a message " waiting in my inbox is an understatement .
I had a total surreal moment wash over me .
There were language barriers though , with me not being able to write Japanese and him not being able to write much in English .
I figured because of that then communication with the man would stop there .
Still , I tried my luck further and asked him if I were to get a translator in to help us communicate would he still be down for doing an interview ?
I had my doubts .
Yuji Naka has a lot going on at the minute with PROPE … and here I was asking for an interview about NiGHTS , a game that was released in 1996 .
I was ready to give up hope when I recieved another message saying that he would indeed love to do an interview on NiGHTS for the fans .
… wait , what ?
Really ?
o.
O
Yes .
Really .
Yuji Naka has given NiGHTSintoDreams.com probably one of the best interviews we could have ever hoped to obtain .
Aside from our translator , there was no other middle men involved in this interview taking place .
It was just me and TRiP asking Naka - san about NiGHTS .
You could n't get any closer to the heart of NiGHTS than this .
Direct from the creator to the fans .
True fact , Yuji Naka had sent his reply to our questions on NiGHTS ' 14th Birthday but we were not able to have it translated in time .
I always say better late than never though and this truly is one of those moments .
If there is one man that NiGHTS fans need to thank then it would be Yuji Naka .
I sometimes think that as a fanbase we take for granted the person hugely responsible for us having this cherished game in the first place .
True , there were a lot of other people involved in making NiGHTS into Dreams the classic it is today but as far as higher - ups go you could n't get any higher than Yuji Naka .
He envisioned so much and really gave his all to the game .
Taking good care of the character while he was still head of Sonic Team .
Now , over 14 years on the fans are still here stronger than ever .
I 'd like to think Yuji Naka succeeded in what he set out to do for us with NiGHTS .
We wanted to ask him questions that general gaming sites and magazines had n't asked him before .
The geeky fan stuff .
Less about the technical side of things and more about the heart and purpose of the game .
We had 24 hours to think of the things we wanted to know the most .
In the end 18 questions were put forward .
Things that had been picking our brains for a very long time .
The NiGHTS community is smaller than Sonic 's and moments like this come rarely .
However , I like to think that makes them all the more sweeter .
I 'd like to thank Yuji Naka himself for answering every single one of our questions and I 'd also like to thank Kichigai and her mother for translating this interview for us in the first place .
Takashi Iizuka and Naofumi Hataya , thank you also for helping out
Yuji Naka :
Thank you very much for loving NiGHTS .
Today ( 5th July 2010 ) is NiGHTS ' 14th birthday .
Happy birthday NiGHTS .
—
Nidcom : NiGHTS resembles a jester and the Nightmaren are very darkly circus themed .
Is there a reason as to why this specific design idea was chosen ?
Yuji Naka :
When the idea of the Dream World was imagined , The Jester like character was created rather easily .
Their duality ( cheerful and happy as well as , dark , evil and mean spirit ) fit well to the theme of the Dream World .
Nidcom :
Is it true that Cirque Du Soleil played a big part in the inspiration of the game design ?
Was there a show in particular ?
A NiGHTS Cirque Du Soleil show would be fantastic !
Yuji Naka :
It was Cirque du Soleil that contributed the most inspiration for creating NiGHTS .
At that time , Mystère was playing at Las Vegas ' Treasure Island .
I was so overwhelmed by the imagery of the world of Mystère when I saw it for the first time .
Even to this day , that is one of my favorite shows .
I hope that a lot of people will go to see that show .
Cirque du Soleil is great .
Nidcom :
Is it true that the very few character voices in the game were recorded anonymously by team members who were working late at night in the offices ?
Can you tell us a little about how the random dream language was created ?
Is it partially Japanese ?
Yuji Naka :
Yes , it was true .
In every character , a few words from our team members ’ voice over were used .
We were recording at night because our office had no sound proof studio .
The word for NiGHTS , " Adeema " , or the words for Reala , " Beadichnoa NiGHTS " were created by Mr. Iizuka after much reflection .
Each word actually has a meaning .
Adeema = abayo ( which means good bye in Japanese slang ) .
Beadichinoa NiGHTS = come on NiGHTS , Etc .
Nidcom :
One particular thing NiGHTS into Dreams is always praised for is the music .
You captured a lot of genre's of music in one game .
Does the music in the game reflect your own personal tastes in music and what are your own preferred types of music ?
Yuji Naka :
The background music for NiGHTS was a magnificently composed piece .
Of all the games I have created , the music of NiGHTS is my favorite .
I remember that I had goose bumps when the orchestral recording was played .
Personally I like to listen to everything from pop music to movie soundtracks and stage musical scores .
Nidcom :
One of the reasons NiGHTS into Dreams is very popular with female gamers is the character of NiGHTS erases gender stereotypes , which is rare in gaming especially today .
Was this idea there from the beginning ?
Yuji Naka :
Men or women , we all have dreams , so I thought that the residents in the dream world should n’t have a gender , rather , the form of the characters should be determined by the person who is dreaming .
Nidcom :
Do you ever get tired of people asking what gender NiGHTS is ?
* lol *
Yuji Naka :
This setting was unique and never seen in any other game .
It is understandable that questions about gender would arise , since European languages have gender specific words .
Nidcom :
Is there meaning behind the lower case ' i ' in the name NiGHTS ?
Some fans speculate that it may stand for ' imagination ' or ' Id ' from Freudian research .
Yuji Naka :
The " i " in the logo , was imagined from the gem on NiGHTS ' chest .
At first , the logo design was created to distinguish the word NiGHTS from Nights .
NiGHTS was then used throughout the game .
Nidcom : NiGHTS into Dreams has a lot of symbolism , you and Sonic Team did a lot of research into dream studies and Jung 's Dream Archetypes .
It is speculated that each character in NiGHTS is influenced by a specific Archetype .
What Archetype inspired NiGHTS , if any ?
Yuji Naka : NiGHTS , a hero , originated in “ Shadow ” which means another side of the self as defined by Jung in his dream definitions .
Elliot and Claris , who have strayed from the dream world , originated from Jung ’s Animus and Anima .
Persona items that appear in the Wii version originate from Jung 's dream theory , too .
Nidcom : Other than NiGHTS , is there any other character in NiGHTS into Dreams that you really like and why ?
Jackle seems to have a large following , as does Reala .
Yuji Naka :
Of course NiGHTS is my favorite , but Reala and Wizeman are two of my favorite characters because they contribute to constructing the outlook of the dream world .
Nidcom : Many years ago I read an interview with Sonic Team where the sources of dream research were discussed .
Jung and Freud were mentioned but a third name ' Friedrich Holtz ' was said to be central to NiGHTS into Dreams .
Can you tell us a bit about this man and how his work influenced the game ?
We have tried to research Holtz for many years yet we have found little about him .
Yuji Naka :
He is one of the psychologists who followed Jung 's thoughts .
He too defined dream elements as much as Jung , and showed us " another world " which we called the “ Dream World . ”
NiGHTS also reflects the thoughts of scholars who researched these dreams .
Nidcom :
It is now well known that there was an idea for a boss called Selph .
What became of this boss , why did it not make it in to the final game and what did the boss look like ?
Yuji Naka : Selph is one of the original types of Jung 's theory .
This idea was omitted since the production period was short on time .
It was thought that it would be introduced as a concealed boss , as the one defined as " Myself I could never be exceeded " .
Visualization of this character was made to some degree .
Nidcom :
Is it true that in the 1990's a PC version of NiGHTS into Dreams was planned ?
There was a rumour that it existed at one point and one of the new levels was called ' Sparkle Attic ' ?
Can you tell us more about this , perhaps ?
Yuji Naka : I thought production was completed .
Was n't the PC version put on the market ?
I actually participated in the release of the PC version of NiGHTS in Akihabara .
So I thought it was on the market .
But this is for sure , there is no new level .
See : http://game.watch.impress.co.jp/docs/20030321/sega.htm
Nidcom : ( The above is news to us ! )
This means that non PS2 code exists to create a port !
Nidcom :
Is it true that when developing the control pad to make flying experience as immersive as possible a NiGHTS - shaped controller was designed ?
Yuji Naka :
Yes , it was true .
We developed the control pad with the thought of the game player feeling NiGHTS ' flying more realistically .
The shape of controller was made the way it was after a lot trial and error .
Most importantly the player 's grip should be as natural as possible when they play .
Nidcom : NiGHTS is considered to be one the most magical , inspiring and mischievous characters Sonic
Team ever created , continuing on through dreams long after the game has been won .
Has NiGHTS ever appeared in your own dreams ?
Yuji Naka :
Of course .
NiGHTS came from your dreams too .
Being so , NiGHTS will keep living for a long time .
Nidcom :
What do you think is the most important part of creating games ?
Yuji Naka :
Most importantly how much would customers enjoy playing .
Especially in NiGHTS , how much fun the feeling would be when they played the game .
Nidcom : NiGHTS really has captured the hearts of many people .
It is rare for a game to effect people in the way NiGHTS has been able to .
Looking back , you said one thing you hoped NiGHTS would do is help people .
Now , 14 years on , do you feel you had achieved that goal ?
Yuji Naka :
My initial goal has been reached and there may be more wonderful things happening .
So many people loved NiGHTS for such a long time .
I felt very happy throughout my career as a game creator , that the game influenced and touched the hearts of so many .
Thank you so much for loving NiGHTS .
Nidcom :
There had been talk of a NiGHTS sequel for many years after the Saturn game .
The sequel , Journey of Dreams was made however you were no longer part of Sonic Team by that point .
If it were somehow possible would you ever consider making another NiGHTS game , if you were asked to ?
Yuji Naka :
I have been asked hundreds of times to make the sequel of NiGHTS , but have no desire to create one .
As I feel the same way that my beloved Mr. Steven Spielberg would never make a sequel to ET because it was his first work and such a fantastic film .
I feel the same way about NiGHTS .
Oh , the first person to play NiGHTS , other than the SEGA team , was Mr. Spielberg .
During the development of the NiGHTS game , he visited SEGA and we asked him to play with an experimental version of the new controller .
Since then we called it the Spielberg controller .
Nidcom :
We are hoping SEGA will listen to the NiD15.com campaign to have NiGHTS into Dreams ported to this generation of gaming consoles .
Would you , the creator of the game , like to see the game ported so that this generation of gamers can experience the game too ?
Yuji Naka : Creating an environment to be able to play the game for a long span of time , like a movie , would be very satisfying as a game creator .
Please continue giving your support for PROPE and SEGA .
中 裕司
Yuji Naka
So how 's that for a trump card then ?
;D NiGHTS fans - stirring the pot since 1996 .
Come talk about this interview in our [ forums ]
AND DON'T FORGET TO REGISTER YOUR VOTE AT NiD15.COM IF YOU WANT TO PLAY A PORT OF NiGHTS INTO DREAMS .
Every vote counts .
When we make one part of our lives safer , we tend to take more chances somewhere else .
Psychologists call this tendency risk homeostasis .
One of the studies often cited to support the theory of risk homeostasis involved German cab drivers .
Drivers in the experimental group were given cabs with anti-lock brakes while drivers in the control group were given cabs with conventional brakes .
There was no difference in the rate of crashes between the two groups .
The drivers who had better brakes drove less carefully .
Risk homeostasis may explain why dynamic programming languages such as Python are n’t as dangerous as critics suppose .
Advocates of statically typed programming languages argue that it is safer to have static type checking than to not have it .
Would you rather the computer to catch some of your errors or not ?
I ’d rather it catch some of my errors , thank you .
But this argument assumes two things :
static type checking comes at no cost , and static type checking has no impact on programmer behavior .
Advocates of dynamic programming languages have mostly focused on the first assumption .
They argue that static typing requires so much extra programming effort that it is not worth the cost .
I ’d like to focus on the second assumption .
Maybe the presence or absence of static typing changes programmer behavior .
Maybe a lack of static type checking scares dynamic language programmers into writing unit tests .
Or to turn things around , perhaps static type checking lulls programmers into thinking they do not need unit tests .
Maybe static type checking is like anti-lock brakes .
Nearly everyone would agree that static type checking does not eliminate the need for unit testing .
Someone accustomed to working in a statically typed language might say “ I know the compiler is n’t going to catch all my errors , but I ’m glad that it catches some of them . ”
Static typing might not eliminate the need for unit testing , but it may diminish the motivation for unit testing .
The lack of compile - time checking in dynamic languages may inspire developers to write more unit tests .
See Bruce Eckel ’s article Strong Typing vs. Strong Testing for more discussion of the static typing and unit testing .
Update : I ’m not knocking statically typed languages .
I spend most of my coding time in such languages and I ’m not advocating that we get rid of static typing in order to scare people into unit testing .
I wanted to address the question of what programmers do , not what they should do .
In that sense , this post is more about psychology than software engineering .
( Though I believe a large part of software engineering is in fact psychology as I ’ve argued here . )
Do programmers who work in dynamic languages write more tests ?
If so , does risk homeostasis help explain why ?
Finally , I appreciate the value of unit testing .
I ’ve spent most of the last couple days writing unit tests .
But there is a limit to the kinds of bugs that unit tests can catch .
Unit tests are good at catching errors in code that has been written , but most errors come from code that should have been written but was n’t .
See Software sins of omission .
Related posts
Am I really posting a 4,500 - word soccer column on the same day all hell is breaking loose for the biggest NBA summer ever ?
You 're damn right I am !
I 'm tired of wondering where LeBron , Wade , Nowitzki and everyone else will land .
I 'm even more tired of people reporting about things that might happen , could happen or seem likely to happen .
Just tell me when they happen .
Thanks .
In the meantime , let 's play 20 Questions with the 2010 World Cup .
Question No. 1 : What 's been the single best thing about the Cup so far ?
I love the Cup because it stripped away all the things about professional sports that I 've come to despise .
No sideline reporters .
No JumboTron .
No TV timeouts .
No onslaught of replays after every half - decent play .
No gimmicky team names like the " Heat " or the " Thunder . "
( You know what the announcers call Germany ?
The Germans .
I love this . )
No announcers breathlessly overhyping everything or saying crazy things to get noticed .
We do n't have to watch 82 mostly half - assed games to get to the playoffs .
We do n't have 10 graphics on the screen at all times .
We do n't have to sit there for four hours waiting for a winner because pitchers are taking 25 seconds to deliver a baseball .
The World Cup just bangs it out :
Two cool national anthems , two 45 - minute halves , a few minutes of extra time and usually we 're done .
Everything flies by .
Everything means something .
It 's the single best sporting event we have by these four measures : efficiency , significance , historical context and truly meaningful / memorable / exciting moments .
You know as long as you like soccer .
Question No. 2 : What 's the second - best thing ?
For me , it 's been the schedule .
See , my son ( aka The CEO ) wakes up every morning at 5:30 by opening his bedroom door , stomping out , slamming the door as hard as he can , stomping into our bedroom , then slamming our door as hard as he can .
He 's like a human vuvuzela crossed with a tornado crossed with a car alarm .
Once you 've been awoken by the sound of two doors being slammed as hard as possible , there 's no going back to sleep .
You 're up for the day .
Never during the CEO 's reign of early - morning terror have I watched anything decent other than morning " SportsCenters " as I waited for 20 ounces of coffee to kick in .
This month ?
I had the second half of every 4:30 a.m. PT game in Round 1 , followed by the 7 a.m. game a little bit later .
No offense , Hannah Storm and Josh Elliott , but it was nice to spend a few mornings watching a real sporting event instead of highlights of things that had happened eight hours before .
For that reason alone , the 2010 World Cup will always be near and dear to my heart .
Question No. 3 : Why do we wait every four years to have the World Cup ?
When I argued recently that the Cup should be every three years , readers flooded me with reasons it could n't work :
It 's too expensive ( apparently the Cup always loses money for whichever country gets it ) ; they'd have to do too much reconfiguring for smaller tournaments already in place ( note : I do n't get that argument ; that 's like saying you can't have the Oscars interfering with the SAG Awards or something ) ; people like having it every four years because it 's more meaningful that way ( by that logic , you should have sex every four years , too ) ; and most importantly , FIFA never wants to go head - to - head with the Summer Olympics .
My counter for the last argument :
Why not ?
So we 'd have MORE sports on ?
Wow , that sounds terrible !
I 'd hate to have all those exciting things to watch .
And by the way , the Olympics should switch to every three years as well .
I never understood the " No , it has to be every four years , that 's the way they 've always done it " argument .
That 's like saying " I 'm not getting an HD plasma ; I 'm sticking with my old - school TV , that 's the way I 've always watched it . "
It 's stupid .
It 's a loser 's mentality .
The best every - three - years case for both the Cup and the Olympics :
When it 's every four years , you might miss an athlete 's apex completely .
Look at Larry Bird : The Basketball Jesus peaked from November 1984 through April 1988 before his body started to break down .
Had he played in the ' 84 Summer Olympics , he would n't have reached his apex yet .
Had he played in the ' 88 Olympics , we would have caught him right after his prime .
We want the best of the best at their absolute best -- by going four years ( and not three ) , you 're taking a chance that a transcendent athlete might have the misfortune of peaking at the wrong time .
( And again what 's wrong with MORE sports ?
Like you'd be furious if there was another USA - Canada gold - medal hockey game in 30 months ?
Come on .
After Obama appoints me the czar of sports , my first move will be giving Seattle an expansion NBA team .
My second move will be making the Olympics and World Cup switch to every three years .
And my third move will be allowing any woman with gigantic Morganna - like breasts to run onto baseball fields and kiss ballplayers without getting arrested .
We get those three things going and everything else will be cream cheese . )
Question No. 4 : How many times did you regret not ditching your family , ditching the NBA Finals , ditching the Celtics and flying 20 hours to South Africa for the World Cup ?
[+]
Enlarge Bill Simmons/ESPN.com
Needless to say this is a much different scene than the media room at the NBA Finals .
Four times and four times only : During the USA - Algeria game ( for obvious reasons ) ; during the Germany - England game ( just would have been cool to be there ) ; when my buddy Rob Stone ( covering the Cup for ESPN ) sent me a picture of him and a lion ( look to the right ) ; and during Game 7 of the NBA Finals at the Staples Center ( as purple and yellow confetti was falling on me and I was glancing around to make sure I was n't dead and in hell ) .
Other than that , no regrets .
I have a 65 - inch plasma with stereo surround sound .
My living room was made for the World Cup .
Widescreen , 1080 p , HD , green grass , the hum of the vuvuzelas it 's just like being there , only with Internet and DVR rewind .
Question No. 5 : Speaking of the vuvuzelas , did you really tell a friend that you have developed Stockholm Syndrome with them ?
That 's true .
I do n't mind them any longer .
I like the World Cup , so the vuvuzela sound has become Pavlov 's dinner bell for me .
I hear them and think , " Cool , the World Cup 's on ! "
By the way , you know something is historically annoying when you can compare it to a hostage sympathizing with his or her captors and the comparison actually works .
Question No. 6 : Was it good or bad for the World Cup that Italy and France got bounced in the group stage ?
I 'm going with " bad . "
I love when two old - school powerhouses battle with an underlying subplot of , " Yeah , it 's just soccer right now , but back in the old days , these two countries actually tried to destroy each other . "
Keeping USA , Spain , Germany , England , Italy and France around as long as possible makes me think about the Boston Tea Party , the War of 1812 , Neville Chamberlain , Napoleon getting overthrown , multiple wars , Thomas Jefferson throwing his genitals around France like a boomerang , Benedict Arnold switching sides , all the times France surrendered or withdrew , and basically everything good and bad that 's ever happened between those six countries .
It 's like having four solid weeks of AP History flashbacks .
Look , I loved watching France 's tournament unravel , and it's always funny when countries live up to their worst possible stereotype .
But losing Italy AND France ?
Too big a double whammy .
Maybe it 's not as bad as losing Federer and Roddick before the semifinals at Wimbledon , but it 's not ideal .
( Let 's wait a second for every NBC Sports executive to stop nodding grimly . )
( And we 're good . )
Question No. 7 : You have n't handled Boston 's Game 7 loss to the Lakers very well .
What was the snarkiest e-mail or text you sent to a Boston friend after hearing that Kobe was attending the USA - Ghana game ?
It was a tie between " Since Kobe is attending this game , does this mean we 're gonna get all the calls ? " and " Kobe watched only six of the first 24 minutes but was still named MVP of his luxury suite . "
Question No. 8 : After a few legitimately horrendous World Cup officiating moments , as well as FIFA 's bizarre refusal to incorporate instant replay haunting the Cup multiple times , do you feel better or worse about officiating and leadership in American professional sports ?
I have slowly come to grips with the fact that officiating will probably be excruciating in whatever sport I happen to be watching .
If it 's better than " excruciating , " it 's a bonus .
If it 's better than " mediocre , " you practically won the lottery .
So the shaky officiating did n't change anything for me .
FIFA 's stance is that " we can't have instant replay in soccer , it 's important that every FIFA - sanctioned game plays by the same rules , and we can't afford to have instant replay for every FIFA game , so instead , we wo n't have it at all , even though these World Cup games are 100 times more important than any other FIFA event . "
Even Bud Selig and Gary Bettman would have realized this was stupendously dumb .
And that 's saying something .
At the very least , why not just station two goal judges behind each net like in the NHL ?
Would you have to pay those guys more than 20 bucks an hour ?
Question No. 9 : But you 'd still love the NBA to incorporate the yellow / red card system for flagrant fouls and technical fouls , correct ?
Sure .
Much better than an official leaning over a scorer 's table and telling them what the technical or flagrant was , then trying to guess what he said .
Bring out yellow / red cards and we'd know right away .
I also like the concept of an official not having to explain why he called what he called -- like the ref who robbed the U.S. of the winning goal in the Slovenia game and never explained why .
It 's really the only way NBA officials could be shakier and more suspect than they already are .
I say go for it -- let 's go for as shaky and suspect as possible .
Let 's push the envelope .
Question No. 10 : Who does Lionel Messi look like ?
It 's driving me crazy .
Dustin Hoffman in " All The President 's Men . "
Question No. 11 : What was the funniest thing you 've read about the World Cup this month ?
I liked Michael Davies ' take on England 's demise : " Americans will never completely understand how crap it is , most of the time , to be English .
We might have cute accents and be good at cocktail parties .
But we are mostly losers . "
That slayed me .
England 's fatalistic , self - loathing , S&M - style attitude toward its national team tops Buffalo Bills fans , Minnesota Vikings fans or even Cleveland fans .
Question No. 12 : Come on , it ca n't TOP Cleveland fans -- at least say it 's dead even , right ?
Good point .
Question No. 13 : If you could change anything about soccer , what would it be ?
I hate how teams milk leads in the last 15 - 20 minutes by faking injuries and taking forever to sub players .
When that Ghana player had to be carried off on a stretcher at the tail end of the America game , then hopped off like nothing ever happened as soon as the stretcher was out of bounds , I thought that was appalling .
Actually , it made me want to go to war with Ghana .
I wanted to invade them .
I 'm not even kidding .
That 's another great thing about the World Cup : Name another sport in which you genuinely want to invade other countries when you lose .
Question No. 14 : What 's been the strangest thing about the 2010 World Cup ?
To hear Germany described in such likable , underdoggy tones .
Who would have thought these young upstarts would jell this fast ?
It 's like the announcers were talking about the 2008 Tampa Bay Rays or something if the Tampa Bay Rays had started two world wars and nearly brought down Europe .
Question No. 15 : Your friend Chuck Klosterman thinks ESPN brainwashed you to like soccer as part of the Worldwide Leader 's plot to turn soccer into a commercial sport .
He calls you the Manchurian Soccer Candidate .
Can you prove this is n't true ?
Honestly ?
I can't .
It 's a theory with no holes .
How did " The Manchurian Candidate " end ?
The guy died , right ?
( Googling it hold on . )
Crap .
The guy died .
I 'm screwed .
Question No. 16 : Who will win the 2010 Cup ?
I picked Argentina , so I 'm sticking with them .
Second choice : Brazil .
Third choice : Germany .
I never understood why people were discounting Argentina solely because of Diego Maradona .
How much damage can a soccer coach really do with a stacked team that 's always better than anyone it 's playing ?
When Bob Bradley screwed up the Ghana game because of his inexplicable " Screw it , I 'm not starting my best 11 guys " strategy , that 's a different story :
We could n't beat Ghana unless we played well and avoided any major boners .
How can you screw up a team with superstuds like Lionel Messi and Carlos Tevez on it ?
Question No. 17 : Hold on , you can't let Maradona go that fast .
Where does he rank for Unintentional Comedy on a scale of 1 to Ron Artest ?
Well , Artest thanked his psychiatrist after Game 7 of the NBA Finals , then wore his uniform out to clubs to celebrate .
Even the fact that Maradona was once hospitalized for " too much drinking , smoking and overeating " can't top that .
Still , when you 're a bizarre hybrid of Ozzie Guillen , Mark Madsen and Shooter from " Hoosiers " multiplied by four , if Colin Farrell gained 85 pounds to play you in a sports movie and wore discount Italian suits how can you not love Maradona to pieces ?
It 's also worth noting that he brings a ton of energy to Argentina 's sideline ; they probably already broke the record for full - body man hugs during a sports tournament .
That 's not a positive ?
Count me among Maradona 's many fans .
Of course , if police find him in a hotel room with four hookers and a pound of blow the night before the Cup final , forget I mentioned this .
Question No. 18 : After USA 's exit in the round of 16 , should American soccer fans be disappointed ?
Proud ?
Ambivalent ?
Frustrated but appreciative ?
I 'd go with the latter .
Heading into the Ghana game , the stars had aligned in three ways : Landon Donovan 's Algeria goal had totally passed the Mom Test back in the States ( in other words , even my mother , who barely follows sports , knew about it and had an opinion on it ) ; USA had a shockingly easy road to the semifinals ( for whatever reason , the other half of the bracket was stacked ) ; and Donovan and Tim Howard were playing as well as anyone in the world .
An improbable semifinals trip and Lord knows how much domestic momentum was sitting there on a platter .
So really , they blew it .
And they blew it for frustrating reasons ( Bradley 's bizarre lineup choices ) and legitimate ones ( no American forward could have started for a Premier League contender , much less any Cup favorite ) .
We scored five goals in four games : two on hustle goals off second chances , one on a penalty kick , one on a brain fart by England 's goalie , and Donovan 's goal against Slovenia , which came with the help of a mistimed defensive play .
Not a single " WOW !!!!!!!!! " play among them .
And what 's what worries me about the ceiling of American soccer .
We reached a certain plateau in 2010 , a little like a 47 - win NBA team that everyone knows can't make the Finals .
Watch how those crafty Germans bang home scoring chances , or the blinding speed of their young stud Mesut Ozil on the wing .
Rewatch that " WOW !!!!!!!!! " goal scored by Uruguay 's striker to beat Korea Republic , or the one by Tevez in the Argentina - Mexico game .
Team USA never made you scream " WOW !!!!!!!!! " for a really good reason :
We do n't have a player with that kind of chops .
This was a team of grinders and overachievers .
We did n't have enough speed without Charlie Davies , and we certainly do n't have a world - class striker who creates scoring chances out of thin air .
In four Cup games , our forwards scored zero goals .
That 's why we went home over everything else .
By 2014 , maybe young Jozy Altidore ( only 20 ) will get there ; he certainly has the physical gifts , although it 's unclear whether he has any scoring touch .
( It 's the difference between Dwight Howard 's low - post game and Pau Gasol 's low - post game ; you can work at it all you want , but you 'll never be as good as the guys who are born to put it into the net .
A guy like Germany 's Miroslav Klose could find the far post falling out of a wheelchair when he 's 60 .
It 's a DNA thing .
I am convinced .
So the worry is that Jozy has too much Howard in him and not enough Gasol . )
Maybe Davies and Fast Young Guy X will provide that missing burst on the wing .
Maybe Teenage Prodigy X is four years from saving us and we do n't even know his name .
But you can't advance to the semifinals without the " WOW !!!!!!!!! " factor .
Impossible .
( Important note : I want Simon Cowell to create a reality television competition for Fox called " American Striker . "
That 's the only way we 'll find one by 2014 , barring Jozy jumping a level or a foreign stud miraculously defecting .
And do n't rule that out .
Ca n't we find a multibillionaire sports fan to " convince " an up - and - coming striker to become an American citizen before he commits to another national team ?
Larry Ellison and Paul Allen : Step it up , fellas . )
Question No. 19 : Thanks to last year 's Confederations Cup and Donovan 's extra - time goal last weekend , do you think soccer is finally taking off in America ?
Put it this way
When I was in the third grade ( 1978 ) , people thought soccer was taking off in America .
When I was a freshman in college ( 1988 ) , people thought soccer was taking off in America .
When I was a barely employed wannabe sportswriter in Boston whose life revolved around the O.J. Simpson trial and partying every night ( 1994 ) , people thought soccer was taking off in America .
When I was living in Boston with my fiancée and writing for ESPN.com ( 2002 ) , people thought soccer was taking off in America .
I am 40 years old .
I live in Los Angeles .
My hair is turning silvery white .
I have a wife , two kids , a mortgage and that same ESPN column .
Guess what ?
People think soccer is taking off in America .
Only this time I agree with them .
Question No. 20 : Wait a second you agree with them ?
YOU AGREE WITH THEM ????
You sap !
They say this every four years and it never happens !!!!
Klosterman is right !
You are the Manchurian Soccer Candidate !
Hear me out
When Donovan scored that Cup - saving goal against those spineless playing - for - a - tie - when - they - needed - to - win - by - two - goals Algerians , the moment resonated like no other goal in American soccer history .
We did n't have anyone telling us how we should feel , what the implications were , what the moment meant .
We knew what it meant .
We wanted more games .
We wanted our boys to keep playing .
Someone scored .
We celebrated .
We jumped up and down .
We ran around the room .
We were alive for another game .
For once in a fragmented sports world , we all happened to be rooting for the same thing .
When does that happen anymore ?
In 2010 , you can follow any athlete , whether he plays 13 miles away or 3,000 .
You can watch any game you want .
You can read any and every opinion that exists .
You can find out information as soon as it happens , instead of 12 - 18 hours later in a newspaper .
You can interact with other fans who love your team ; you can butt heads with the people who hate them .
You can tweet your thoughts on a big play as the players are still celebrating it .
You can root for your real guys and your fantasy guys .
You are fanatically autonomous .
We did n't have nearly as many choices when I was growing up .
Either you rooted for local teams or you jumped on a successful bandwagon ( such as the Steelers ' or Cowboys ' ) because they were always on national TV .
The days of " I 'm going to fall in love with Oklahoma City because I love watching Kevin Durant , even though I live in Maine " were still decades away .
Eight - Year - Old Me rooted for the four Boston teams , Ali , Nicklaus , Connors and Leonard .
I hated the Yankees , Raiders , Dolphins , Canadiens , Flyers , Sixers , Munson , Nettles , Stabler , Clarke and Kareem .
I liked Earl Campbell and the Oilers ' uniforms .
I liked David Thompson and George Gervin .
I loved all Topps cards .
I loved Gerry Cheevers ' mask .
I loved Terry O'Reilly and Mike Haynes .
I loved Freddie Lynn more than anything .
And those were the only real sports opinions I had .
Fast - forward to 2010 .
What shapes Eight - Year - Old Me ?
How would EYOM settle on 10 - 12 things to love and hate ?
How would EYOM differentiate substance from nonsense ?
How could a moment stand out for EYOM when everything gets televised or covered ?
It 's total sports overload .
Too many choices , too much noise , too many extremes , too many niches , too many forums , too many opinions , too many people trying to stand out .
You become numb after a while .
The only thing that never gets old ?
Winning in the most dramatic way possible , then basking in the glow of that dramatic victory with as many people as possible .
Recently , Tiger Woods came closest to uniting everyone for a common rooting interest -- remember the 2008 U.S. Open ? -- but his career imploded and he squandered that momentum indefinitely ( if not forever ) .
There is no " Wildly Popular American Athlete " or " Wildly Popular American Team . "
We even turned on Brett Favre .
We only share the Olympics together , every two years .
A rotating cast of athletes that fleetingly capture our affection , and after that , we never consider them again .
The U.S. soccer team could own that " everyone " domain for the simple reason that it 's unattainable for anyone else .
We always want our national soccer team to succeed ; it would be un-American to feel differently .
There 's continuity through the years when certain players ( such as Donovan , Howard and 2010 breakout star Michael Bradley , locks to make the 2014 World Cup ) stick around for a prolonged time .
There 's always a finish line ( the Cup every four years ) , with dozens of exhibitions , smaller tournaments and World Cup qualifying strewn in between .
If you want , you can extend your attachment by following American stars on their club squads .
Add everything up and it feels like following the Lakers , Red Sox , Niners or whomever .
( Note : I knew I was hooked on Saturday , after Bob Bradley started Ricardo Clark over Maurice Edu , when I was sending e-mails back and forth with friends much like I would have done had Doc Rivers started Tony Allen in Game 4 of the NBA Finals .
What the hell is going on ?
Why are we doing this ?
Is Edu injured or something ?
This is terrible !
WHY ???????
You may have been sending those same e-mails to your buddies , too .
That 's the " everyone " domain . )
A cynic might say , " Come on , you could have said the same thing when we beat Colombia in 1994 . "
No way .
You need time with these things .
Decades .
You need kids like me to grow up with soccer in their lives .
You need a few memories to stack up .
You need it to happen organically .
The theory that soccer would never catch on until we found our own Pelé or launched our own successful pro league was dead wrong .
We only needed to be exposed to great soccer for a prolonged period of time .
We 're American .
We only respond to the best .
The cream of the crop .
Nothing else is going to fly .
We do n't care that much about Donovan playing for the L.A.
Galaxy with guys who could n't sniff the Premier League , just like English people would n't care about seeing Dwyane Wade playing with a bunch of D - Leaguers in London .
We want to see Donovan tested against the best .
In the months leading up to the 2010 World Cup , I watched Donovan play big games for our national team , for the Galaxy ( in the playoffs ) , then overseas for a solid Everton team .
I knew he was a world - class player .
I knew he was legitimate .
I was n't stealing that opinion from a magazine or a talking head .
The hours I logged with Donovan made me feel invested in him .
It 's just easier to care about soccer now .
Actually , it 's something of a perfect storm -- the technology in place , the flaws of our own professional sports , the efficiency of soccer games , our longing for the pre-JumboTron days when people just cheered and that 's what fans did , our best - of - the - best fetish , ESPN 's unwavering commitment to pushing the sport , the urgency of every game -- that makes more sense as a whole than it did 10 years ago .
After that crushing Ghana defeat , the U.S. players were n't devastated just because they blew a winnable game , but because they knew a growing number of Americans actually cared and it was n't simply a bandwagon thing .
( The TV ratings backed it up : an astonishing 19.4 million U.S. viewers . )
It was like pining for the same girl for four years in college , finally hooking up with her one night , then getting kicked out of school the next day .
Dammit !
I blew it !
I had her !
We could have had something !
Regardless , the U.S. completed Stage 1 .
Soccer is no longer taking off .
It 's here .
Those celebratory YouTube videos that started popping up in the 24 hours after Donovan 's goal -- all unfolding the same way , with a stationary shot of nervous fans watching the game in a bar , going quiet for a couple of seconds during the American counterattack , reacting to Dempsey 's miss ( " Nooooooooo ! " ) , holding their breath for two beats ( " Wait a second " ) , exploding on Donovan 's finish ( " Hi- yahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh ! " ) , then chanting " USA ! USA ! USA ! " afterward -- tapped into a collective American sports experience unlike anything since Lake Placid .
I would never compare Donovan 's goal to Mike Eruzione 's goal , or compare the significance of an early - round World Cup game to the best American sports night ever .
But you can't tell me Donovan 's goal was a fleeting moment or a lark .
Each celebration clip that landed on YouTube could have been any American bar , any group of American friends , anywhere .
Like John Cougar Mellencamp 's annoying Chevy commercial sprung to life .
Only it was n't annoying .
I thought it was glorious .
Those clips choked me up .
Those clips gave me goosebumps .
Those clips made me think , " I forget this sometimes , but I 'm glad I live in the United States of America . "
Rasheed Wallace loved to say " ball do n't lie . "
YouTube do n't lie , either .
We will always have the Algeria game .
Always .
Bill Simmons is a columnist for ESPN.com and the author of the recent New York Times best - seller " The Book of Basketball . "
For every Simmons column and podcast , check out Sports Guy 's World .
Follow him on Twitter at http://twitter.com/sportsguy33.
Update 1 - Now 500 people blocking 3 gates .
Update 2 - Longshoreworkers meeting with arbitrator
Update 3 - Longshore workers going home for the 1st shift .
Comment :
The alliance of organizations was much bigger than ANSWER .
It included many Palestinian families ( what a wonderful Dad's day gift ) the Middle East Childrens Alliance , many unions e.g. teachers , various Bay Area left groups , Jewish Voice for Peace , Veterans for Peace , Code Pink etc. .
Some oosters have accused ANSWER of anti-semitism or being anti-Jewish ; this was not evident this morning .
The messaging was focused and monitored ; it focused on Israeli policies .
There was no anti-semitism or anti-Jewish signs or symbols .
The Middle East Children 's Alliance
urges you as strongly as we possibly can to get up and out
early Sunday morning to join the :
Labor and Community Picket
of Israeli Zim Lines Ship
Sunday , June 20 , 5:30 in the morning
Port of Oakland , Berth 57 , Middle Harbor Road
We will gather at West Oakland BART MAP at 5 AM in the parking lot to caravan and carpool to the site .
The area may be blocked off to cars so we may have to walk to the berth area , about one mile .
MAP
BART does not run at that time on Sundays so arrange another way to get there : car , bus , bike , etc .
Bring food , water , sunblock and hat .
More information below .
Unions , labor federations and other organizations around the world have condemned Israel 's deadly attack against the Gaza Freedom Flotilla on May 31 .
Nine people were killed and dozens seriously injured in the Israeli commando attack in international waters on ships attempting to bring humanitarian cargo to the suffering and blockaded people of Gaza .
Six people aboard the ships are still missing and presumed dead .
The Israeli attack on the Gaza Freedom Flotilla was a blatant act of piracy on the high seas .
No Israeli ship should be allowed to carry on trading activity anywhere in the world without facing picket lines , protests and embargo .
Dock workers in several countries including South Africa , Norway , Sweden and Malaysia have declared that they will refuse to handle Israeli cargo in the coming weeks .
We call on everyone who stands for justice and against occupation and apartheid to join the June 20 picket at the Port of Oakland .
This is a moment of great opportunity .
In San Francisco in 1984 , a picket line and refusal to unload cargo of a ship carrying South African cargo was a key event in mobilizing the anti-apartheid movement worldwide .
Sponsored by : Labor / Community Committee in Solidarity with the People of Palestine , Arab American Union Members Council , ANSWER ( Act Now to Stop War and End Racism ) , Palestine Youth Network , US Palestine Community Network , Al Awda - Right to Return Coalition , Arab Youth Organization , MECA - Middle East Children 's Alliance , Students for Justice in Palestine , Arab Resource and Organizing Center , International Solidarity Movement , San Jose Peace and Justice Center , International Socialist Organization , Peace and Freedom Party - SF , Transport Workers Solidarity Committee and many labor activists in the Bay Area activists in the Bay Area .
( list in formation - to endorse email : ekishawi@yahoo . com )
For more information : www.transportworker s.org
For logistical information not covered in this email call : 415 821 6545
Legal hotline for the picket : 415-285-1011
For carpooling for Sunday 's action , please contact :
Chris Banks Email : christopher .
cubillos@ gmail.com
Phone : 510-282-7032
eye Title Creator
Audiophile CD Collection 149 149 H.P. Lovecraft II by H.P. Lovecraft audio eye 149 favorite 1 comment 0
Tracklist : 1 . Spin , Spin , Spin 2 .
It 's About Time 3 . Blue Jack Of Diamonds 4 . Electrallentando
5 . At The Mountains Of Madness 6 . Mobius Trip 7 . High Flying Bird 8 . Nothing 's Boy 9 . Keeper Of The Keys
Source : CD
LibriVox recording of Seven H.P. Lovecraft Stories by H. Philip Lovecraft Read by Phil Chenevert Howard Phillips Lovecraft , better known as H.P. Lovecraft , was an American author of horror , fantasy , poetry and science fiction , especially the subgenre known as weird fiction and many feel he is the acknowledged master of creepy , weird and unsettling stories .
These are seven stories by Lovecraft that literally span his career ; some being written when he was barely a teenager and one ( The Shunned ...
Topics : lovecraft , horror , creepy , librivox , audiobook , fiction
A prose poem selected for this week , ' Nyarlathotep ' , by H.P. Lovecraft , first published in 1920 .
This week , we bring you a shorter episode than we had originally intended , having just recovered in the studio from a brief catastrophe .
Yesterday , the information pipelines in our region were severed by the trident of a great scaled king .
Having emerged initially from gods - know - where at the beginning of the Industrial Revolution or in mercantile areas of previous centuries , its literal size and ...
Books to Borrow 462 462 H.P. Lovecraft by Lovecraft , H. P. ( Howard Phillips ) , 1890 - 1937 texts eye 462 favorite 16 comment 0
" Ten tales of horror , death & comedy presented by today 's great illustrators ! "-- Cover
Topics : General , Literature : Classics , Children 's Books / Young Adult Graphic Novels , ( Howard Phillips ) , , ...
Howard Phillips Lovecraft was an author little - known in his lifetime , but a huge influence in the 20th century and beyond on the horror and other genres of media .
He grew up and lived almost his entire life in a city called Providence in what is now known as Rhode Island ; he lived there and he died there as far as the histories tell us .
One of my earliest influences , he always seemed to really believe through his voice as a writer in the unseen and unknowable horrors just beyond the thick ...
Podcasts 2,121 2.1K FNH reads H.P. Lovecraft by FNH audio eye 2,121 favorite 1 comment 0
This slowly growing collection contains my readings of the works of H.P. Lovecraft .
These stories are podcast , along with stories and novels by other authors on the FNH Reads podcast .
You can find that podcast over at http://FNHReads.BlogSpot.com/
Topics : Lovecraft , horror , 1920s
Books to Borrow 452 452
The annotated H.P. Lovecraft by H. P. Lovecraft texts eye 452 favorite 14 comment 0
Topic : Horror tales , American
Podcasts Mirror 170 170 H.P. Lovecraft by The Paranormies Present audio eye 170 favorite 0 comment 0
This week we talk about the weird and horrific writings of H.P. Lovecraft .
Born in New England living alternatively in cushy wealth and abject poverty , he was a man with a bleak life and a bleaker writing style .
Who was the man behind the Cthulu Mythos ?
How did he become such a good writer ?
What influences does he draw on ?
Was he rayciss ?
Who is HP Lovecraft ?
Find out this and more on this episode of the Ahnenerbe Hour .
Source : https://soundcloud.com/user-444863711/hp-lovecraft
Uploader : The ...
Topics : Soundcloud , video
Books to Borrow 89 89 H.P. Lovecraft by Cannon , P. H. ( Peter H. ) texts eye 89 favorite 1 comment 0
xv , 153 pages : 23 cm
Topics : Lovecraft , H. P. ( Howard Phillips ) , 1890 - 1937 -- Criticism and interpretation , Lovecraft , H. P ....
Breakfast with the Beak 3 3.0 Episode 127 : H.P. Lovecraft by Johnny Goodtimes and Doktor Heisenberg audio eye 3 favorite 1 comment 0
Things are about to get non-Euclidean and kind of gross , because we ’re talking about H.P. Lovecraft and his possible connection to the wild world of obscene tentacle illustration .
Was he a major influence on the form , or is it just Rule 34 working its dirty , dirty magic ?
Does anyone get laid in Lovecraft - land ?
Does it [… ]
The third Epsilon Eridani album released at DNA Production refers to works of Howard Phillips Lovecraft , legendary American fantasy and horrors writer who has created a new pantheon with well - known god - like entity Cthulhu among other characters .
Epsilon Eridani is commited to heavy and sombre dark ambient , and its expression and power attract a wide range of people involved in industrial music .
Some works of this Mexican project are rated as true soundtracks for horror performances ....
( 1 reviews )
Topics : DNA Production , Epsilon Eridani , Tribute To H.P. Lovecraft , Dark Ambient , Industrial
Vault of Lovecraft 0 0.0 Azathoth by H.P. Lovecraft by Mike Bennett audio eye 0 favorite 1 comment 0
Mike Bennett reads H.P. Lovecraft 's Azathoth .
From Wikipedia : " Azathoth " is the beginning of a never - completed novel written by American horror fiction writer H. P. Lovecraft .
It was written in June 1922 and published as a fragment in the journal Leaves in 1938 , after Lovecraft 's death .
It is the first piece of fiction to mention the fictional being Azathoth , one of the major entities in Lovecraft 's Cthulhu Mythos , though the entity only appears in the title .
Stories of H.P. Lovecraft read by award - winning podcast novelist , Mike Bennett .
favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite ( 1 reviews )
Topics : H.P. Lovecraft , Dagon , From Beyond , The Music of Eric Zann , The Shadow Over Innsmouth , short ...
Neon Crisis 0 0.0 H.P. Lovecraft Permission by Christian Benavidez audio eye 0 favorite 0 comment 0
Arkham Horror Publishing has given me permission to read H.P. Lovecraft 's work .
---
Support this podcast : https://anchor.fm/christian-benavidez/support
Athena Audio Theater Book 0 0.0 # 156B Nyarlathotep by H.P. Lovecraft by Athena Audio
Theater audio eye 0 favorite 0 comment 0
Another story on a cold November night , this one from H.P. Lovecraft .
Enjoy this prose poem from one of the finest horror writes who ever described a cyclopean gulf of eternal darkness yawning before his oblivious protagonist .
Queen Anne's County TV 287 287 Nemesis By H.P. Lovecraft movies eye 287 favorite 0 comment 0
Neon Crisis 0 0.0 H.P. Lovecraft Horror beginning by Christian Benavidez audio eye 0 favorite 0 comment 0
Thank you to Arkham House Publishing ---
Support this podcast : https://anchor.fm/christian-benavidez/support
Wednesday 's Weird Stories 0 0.0 Nyarlathotep – by H.P. Lovecraft by Matt Williams audio eye 0 favorite 0 comment 0
In a time of strife and contention , a figure rises up to draw the masses together .
The question is , what are his intentions ?
This extremely short tale gives us a glimpse into the manifestation of one of Lovecraft 's more notorious creations from his dream world .
Tune in Wednesdays at 8 pm for the radio broadcast of Wednesday 's Weird Stories and catch up on tales you may have missed in the archives .
Enjoying the stories ?
Become a patron and help spread the weirdness !
Vault of Lovecraft 0 0.0 Herbert West : Reanimator by H.P. Lovecraft by Mike Bennett audio eye 0 favorite 1 comment 0
Mike Bennett reads Herbert West : Reanimator by H.P. Lovecraft
Crash Course In Awesome 1 1.0 Crash Course in H.P. Lovecraft by Bryan and Ricky audio eye 1 favorite 1 comment 0
Welcome listener to Crash Course in Awesome 's 50th episode !!!
This week the boys delve deep into the dark realms of madness , and give an episode dedicated to all things Howard Philips Lovecraft ; arguably one of the most influential Horror / Sci-Fi authors to ever pick up a pen .
So crack open your Necronomicon , whisper a quiet oath to the great Cthulhu and tune in !
This album is a various dark ambient , experimental artists compilation tribute to one of the best horror & sci - fi writers of all times .
Howard Phillips Lovecraft ( 1890 - 1937 ) .
cover artwork by Julien A. Lacroix & Sábila Orbe .
Links to each artist of this compilation : - Corvus Cornix : https://soundcloud.com/corvuscornixwitch/tracks
- Dariusz Jackowski : https://soundcloud.com/dariusz-jackowski-1 - Earthborn Visions : https://soundcloud.com/earthborn_visions
...
favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite ( 1 reviews )
Topics : hp lovecraft , lovecraft , Cthulhu , horror , soundtrack , dark ambient , soundscapes , dark music , ...
Cratediggers 676 676 Gerisi Hikaye Bölüm 21 H.P. Lovecraft II by Işın Beril Tetik , Demokan Atasoy , Galip Dursun audio eye 676 favorite 0 comment 0
Gerisi Hikaye Bölüm 21 H.P. Lovecraft II Edebiyatta Doğaüstü Korku Gerisi
Hikaye şehirler arası kay ıtlarına devam ediyor .
Geçen hafta belirttiğimiz gibi bu haftaki konumuz korku edebiyatının büyük ismi H.P. Lovecraft 'ın Edebiyatta Doğaüstü Korku adlı manifesto\makalesi .
İlk bölümde , kendi deyimiyle Kozmik Korku 'nun detaylı bir açıklamasını yapıp , bir korku öyküsünün nasıl olması gerektiğine dair kuralları açıklayarak başladığı bu etkileyici makale , ...
Topics : arkeo korku , arkeoloji , astronomi , bilim , bilim korku , bilim kurgu , Charles Dexter Ward Olayı , ...
History Bluffs ! 3 3.0 Episode 70 - H.P. Lovecraft / Mitchell Potts by History Bluffs audio eye 3 favorite 0 comment 0
Load up your love gun and meet us in the astral plane for this spooky episode of History Bluffs !
Comedian Mitchell Potts joins us this time portraying grotesque author and mouth - fingered horror icon , H.P. Lovecraft !
Ectoplasm !
Spacetruckin !
Cratediggers 781 781 Gerisi Hikaye Bölüm 20 - H.P. Lovecraft I by Işın Beril Tetik , Demokan Atasoy , Galip Dursun audio eye 781 favorite 0 comment 0
Gerisi Hikaye Bölüm 20 - H.P. Lovecraft I Deliliğin Dağlarına Yolculuk Gerisi
Hikaye bu hafta , ilk şehirler arası kayd ıyla karşınızda .
Ankara - İstanbul hattında , Hangouts üzerinden yaptığımız bu programda Doğaüstü Korku 'nun en yetkin isimlerinden Howard Philips Lovecraft 'ı konuştuk .
1890 - 1937 yılları arasında yaşamış bu sıra dışı yazarın zorluklarla dolu hayatının gölgesinde oluşan , gelişen hatta daha doğrusu evrimleşen yazınını detaylarıyla ...
Topics : arkeo korku , arkeoloji , astronomi , bilim , bilim korku , bilim kurgu , Charles Dexter Ward Olayı , ...
136 136 Seven H.P. Lovecraft Stories by LOVECRAFT , H. P. collection ITEMS VIEWS 136 by LibriVox collection eye 136
Howard Phillips Lovecraft , better known as H.P. Lovecraft , was an American author of horror , fantasy , poetry and science fiction , especially the subgenre known as weird fiction and many feel he is the acknowledged master of creepy , weird and unsettling stories .
These are seven stories by Lovecraft that literally span his career ; some being written when he was barely a teenager and one ( The Shunned House ) only published after he had died .
Each story is unique and strange in it 's own way but all ...
Topics : podcast , itunes , apple
xxxiv , 473 p
Topic : Lovecraft , H. P. ( Howard Phillips ) , 1890 - 1937 -- Bibliography
Happy after -'Ween .
We hope you enjoyed your costumes , breaking time , and debauching in honor of dead ancestors .
If you heard our pre-Halloween episode , part 1 of ' The Colour Out of Space ' , today ’s episode we ’ll be bringing you the second part .
If you have not , go back and have a listen earlier in your podcast feed , or on the web here : https://nighttimestories.org/colour-out-of-space-pt2-lovecraft
And if you have , I have good news : the conclusion is here .
This week on the other end of ...
Out Of Orion ( Ox3 ) - H.P. Lovecraft Psychopompos Jamendo Album # 108080 Tracklisting : 01 - Phaeton 02 - Zaman's Hill 03 - Nemesis 04 - The Dweller 05 - The Ancient Track 06 - Yule Horror 07 - Night - Gaunts
08 - Psychopompos
09 - Hesperia Please read the Readme.txt and License. txt files for important origin and licensing information .
favorite ( 1 reviews )
Out Of Orion ( Ox3 ) - Reanimator H.P. Lovecraft Jamendo Album # 089019 Tracklisting : 01 - The Case Of Charles Dexter Ward 02 - The Descendant 03 - In The Vault 04 - Old Bugs 05 - Pickman's Model 06 - The Picture In The House 07 - Reanimator 08 - Sweet Ermengarde
09 - The Necronomicon Please read the Readme.txt and License. txt files for important origin and licensing information .
Out Of Orion ( Ox3 ) - Dagon H.P. Lovecraft Jamendo Album # 083312 Tracklisting : 01 - The Doom That Came To Sarnath 02 - The Haunter In The Dark 03 - Dagon 04 - Hypnos 05 - Nyarlathotep 06 - Dreams In The Witch House 07 - The Shadow Out Of Time 08 - The Strange High House In The Mist 09 - The Tomb Please read the Readme.txt and License. txt files for important origin and licensing information .
favorite favorite favorite ( 1 reviews )
Windows Desktop Themes 18 18 Call of Cthulhu ( H.P. Lovecraft ) by themeworld software eye 18 favorite 0 comment 0
Windows
95/98/ME/XP theme Read Me file : Call of Cthulu ( R ) Desktop
Theme for Windows 95 by Jason Vey Download and Installation instructions : ( NOTE : HAVING THE PLUS !
PLUG -IN FOR WINDOWS 95 MAKES THIS A WHOLE LOT SMOOTHER , AND WITHOUT IT , THESE INSTRUCTIONS WILL NOT WORK .
YOU CAN PROBABLY STILL INSTALL THE THEME MANUALLY , BUT IT'LL BE A LOT MORE TIME - CONSUMING . )
1 . Download the file cthulu.exe and run it from your c:\ directory .
This will create a subdirectory called " Cthulu " in your ...
Topic : Desktop Theme
What wanders the stars ?
It troubles man in myriad forms even while it excites the imagination .
So often the supernatural is rudely confined to terrors borne of the Earth we live and will always live on .
For many of us , the most alien landscapes we ponder lie between our ears or out of sight .
And when we ’re visited by something further away , it ’s put forever in the context of the awful things it might bring here .
This is appropriate .
This , no matter the consequence , holds a certain kindness , ...
Vault of Lovecraft 0 0.0 The Terrible Old Man by H.P. Lovecraft by Mike Bennett audio eye 0 favorite 1 comment 0
From Wikipedia : " The Terrible Old Man " is a very short short story ( less than 1200 words ) by H. P. Lovecraft , written on January 28 , 1920 , and first published in the Tryout , an amateur press publication , in July 1921 .
It 's notable as the first story to make use of Lovecraft 's imaginary New England setting , introducing the fictional town of Kingsport .
viii , 251 pages ; 24 cm
Topics : Nihilisme , Filosofie , Magie , Lovecraft , H. P. ( Howard Phillips ) , 1890 - 1937 , Lovecraft , H. P ....
Mode of access : Internet
favorite ( 1 reviews )
Topics : Lovecraft , H. P. ( Howard Phillips ) , 1890 - 1937 , American Horror Fiction , Literary Criticism , ...
Lo innominable es un relato de H.P. Lovecraft publicado en 1925 en la revista Weird Tales .
En esta historia una pareja de amigos debate en un ancestral cementerio acerca de la posibilidad de que exista una criatura innominable …
Si deseas apoyar este trabajo puedes hacerlo de varias maneras : • Invitándome a un café al mes al hacerte fan de Casa de Tinieblas .
Haz clic en Apoyar desde la plataforma de iVoox .
Dame mi dosis de café y yo te daré tu dosis de ficción sonora … ;) •...
Homer J Podcast , H.P. Lovecraft und Zombies
Podcasts 228 228 Gårdagens värld idag igen , avsnitt 7 : H.P. Lovecraft by Åka och Ante Davour audio eye 228 favorite 0 comment 0
Ante och Åka Davour pratar om H. P. Lovecraft .
Bland annat diskuterar vi novellen " The Dreams in the Witch House " och rollspelskampanjen Beyond the Mountains of Madness .
Topics : podcast , litteratur , rollspel , Lovecraft , kosmisk skräck
Image : public domain .
Two more short works from H.P. Lovecraft .
xix , 536 pages ; 22 cm
Topics : Fantasy fiction , American , Science fiction , American
Este relato breve de Howard Phillips Lovecraft fue publicado en 1939 .
En él nos adentraremos en el misterioso pasado de un singular y extraño sacerdote ...
Si deseas apoyar este trabajo puedes hacerlo de varias maneras : • Invitándome a un café al mes al hacerte fan de Casa de Tinieblas .
Haz clic en Apoyar desde la plataforma de iVoox .
Dame mi dosis de café y yo te daré tu dosis de ficción sonora … ;) • Suscribiéndote al podcast .
• Dándole a ' Me gusta ' .
• Comentando tu opinión ....
Aire frío es un relato de Howard Phillips Lovecraft , publicado en 1928 por la revista Tales of Magic and Mystery .
El protagonista de esta historia nos desvelará algunos de los terribles secretos acerca de la vida y de la muerte , así como el motivo de porqué la menor corriente de aire frío le provoca un pavor indescriptible …
Si deseas apoyar este trabajo puedes hacerlo de varias maneras : • Invitándome a un café al mes al hacerte fan de Casa de Tinieblas .
Haz clic en Apoyar desde la ...
Series 2 : Episode 11 .
Read by Magnus Sinding : magnulus.com and magnus - sinding.com .
Music by Candace Bilyk : www.candacebilyk.com .
Go to tellingoftales.wordpress.com for more information .
Wednesday 's Weird Stories 0 0.0 The Cats of Ulthar by H.P. Lovecraft by Matt Williams audio eye 0 favorite 0 comment 0
In the town of Ulthar , it is said that no man may kill a cat .
This is one of Lovecraft 's shorter stories about a mythical town in the dream realm .
Listen in as I share the tale of how this law came to pass .
I 'll be dipping into the Cthulhu mythos this week as I share a tale of a stranded sailor and the terror of what he finds upon reaching land .
Dagon is a fairly widely used character in the mythos , and I feel like it represents a blending point in the stories between what Lovecraft 's original settlers of earth worshiped and what his early humanity developed into the Cthulhu cult and , of course , the Esoteric Order of Dagon .
Tune in at 8 pm central on Wednesday , Jan 31 for Dagon on Wednesday's ...
Podcasts 13 13 The H.P. Lovecraft Literary Podcast Archive by Chad Fifer , Chris Lackey audio eye 13 favorite 1 comment 0
a directory archive
Topic : hppodcraft
Series 2 : Episode 10 .
Read by Magnus Sinding : magnulus.com and magnus - sinding.com .
Music by Candace Bilyk : www.candacebilyk.com .
Go to tellingoftales.wordpress.com for more information .
Series 2 : Episode 12 .
Read by Magnus Sinding : magnulus.com and magnus - sinding.com .
Music by Candace Bilyk : www.candacebilyk.com .
Go to tellingoftales.wordpress.com for more information .
En este primer podcast de la editorial independiente " Ediciones SK " , hablamos de H.P Lovecraft y su obra , principalmente sobre " En las montañas de la locura " .
Espero que lo disfruteís .
CoffeeGrind w/XEI 0 0.0 CoffeeGrind w/XEI EP002 : H.P. Lovecraft by Nuno XEI audio eye 0 favorite 0 comment 0
Thousands of football fans crammed into central Wellington to show their support for the All Whites ' World Cup effort .
Led out by an Argentinian musician , the parade featured the visiting Boca Juniors football team , the Wellington Phoenix players , and All Whites including star goalkeeper Mark Paston and Wellington player Leo Bertos .
Decked out in a yellow and black - striped suit , football fan Toby Hunter lapped up the atmosphere .
" It 's just so good to be a football fan in New Zealand at the moment , " he said .
He was pleased to see the Phoenix team out again and hoped the All Whites ' success at the World Cup would flow on to the local team 's season .
Of the parade he said : " It 's quite cool having that South American vibe to start , and then I guess the main event is the All Whites at the back . "
Wellington man Evan Belford , who watched the parade from Lambton Quay before following it to Civic Square , said it was great to see the city get behind the All Whites .
" The fact that they even got a parade without even winning the tournament goes to show how much of an impact they had on the nation , " he said .
" The parade itself was dull but we were n't there to see dancers or other kinds of entertainment it was purely to cheer on and congratulate the All Whites . "
While there was initial fears rain would drench the parade , the bad weather mercifully stayed away allowing fans to flock to the event .
While the crowd was vocal and supportive of the team , it is doubtful the figure reached the predicted 40,000 .
Hundreds of the eager fans followed the parade and converged on Civic Square , where a reception to greet the players was held .
All Whites and Phoenix player Ben Sigmund said he was blown away by people lining the streets and leaning out of high - rise buildings to catch a glimpse .
" I did n't know what to expect but I 've been blown away .
It shows how proud we are to be New Zealanders at the moment . "
Confetti rained down as the players made their way to the bottom of the Civic Square steps where they were met by Prime Minister John Key and Wellington mayor Kerry Prendergast , among other dignitaries .
Mayor Prendergast welcomed the three teams to " the spiritual home " of football in New Zealand .
Mr Key , patron of the All Whites , spoke of the team 's humility , calling them " the most humble bunch of guys you will ever meet " .
" This is a team that has a huge amount of courage and guts and determination and were never prepared to give up .
" On behalf of the people of New Zealand , thank you for putting us on the international stage , making us rub our eyes at two in the morning as we watched those TV sets and going ' way to go All Whites , you 're the champs ' . "
All Whites coach Ricki Herbert thanked Wellingtonians for their support and praised the efforts of the All Whites .
" I take my hat off to them , they have been extremely dedicated to the cause . "
Danny Schechter , former CNN and ABC producer , discusses how the State of Israel controls the narrative — by kidnapping all of the witness , while monopolizing the space in the media for quoted ‘ officials ’ ( 9:20 ) :
If one watches these segments with Sean Hannity interviewing Sen. John McCain ( R - AZ ) at Fox News , Eliot Spitzer interviewing a Neo-Con law professor and one of the Israeli prime minister ’s former chiefs of staff at MSNBC or reads this ridiculous editorial at The Washington Post ( WaPo ) , one can understand why a guy who sometimes gets it right — like Chris Matthews at MSNBC — ‘ sides with Israel on this one ’ .
Watching Mr. Matthews interview with the Janine Zacharia , Jerusalem correspondent for the WaPo , I felt an uneasiness from her .
She communicated well — I felt — that there is no “ definitive picture ” in the 48 hours following the Israeli Navy ’s hijacking of the Freedom Flotilla .
Ms. Zacharia is one of the better Jerusalem correspondents in the mainstream American media , I feel , so the segment is worth watching .
It ’d be better if Mr. Matthews did n’t begin the interview with the plan to end it parroting the WaPo line .
Very few in the American press are as heroic as Helen Thomas of the White House Press Corps ( 1:33 ) :
Hanin Zoabi , member of the Israeli Knesset aboard the flotilla , called the hijacking a “ pirate military operation ” , on the parliament floor , Ha’aretz reports today .
She describes to Russia Today that the Israel Defence Forces opened fire before hijacking the first ship .
She raises serious questions regarding the documentation and communication of events .
Most importantly , she does n’t let the flotilla hijacking become a red herring , as the Financial Times heroically conducted themselves at their editorial page , and brings the conversation back to the Gaza blockade ( 5:08 ) :
Hasan Nowarah , Scottish national of Justice for Palestine , tells the BBC that the flotilla was being shot upon from the helicopters before dropping the Israeli commandos onto the vessels .
He also raises what ’s confused me : how has the number of the dead gone from Israel Army Radio reporting 16 , Al Jazeera reporting 19 , and Israeli officials reporting at least 10 to the unified narrative that nine died as a result of the Israeli hijacking ?
( 4:36 ) :
Salon blogger and legal expert Glenn Greenwald actually shared some insight to follow Mr. Sptizer ’s garbage interviews — which stuck to a very neat and tidy script for ten minutes , not so different from that of Mr. Hannity , Sen. McCain or Mr. Matthews ’ conclusion .
“ [ A ] t the end of Spitzer ’s discussions with [ the previous Israel - first guests ] , he asked them to ‘ stick around just in case ’ , and once I was left , he brought at least one of them back on to respond to what I said without challenge , ” he wrote yesterday ( 6:25 ) :
Over 120 of the passengers were released to Jordan late last night and counter the Israeli narrative of self - defense , though hundreds remain detained , the BBC reports .
The unified narrative from the flotilla passengers that Israel attacked the flotilla before hijacking it and the passengers did n’t — were incapable — of forceful resistance until the naval commandos invaded the ships .
The released detainees describe being held in small cells , underfed , harshly interrogated and “ totally ripped of their belongings ” , Nisreen el - Shamayla reports at Al Jazeera ( 2:27 ) :
Israel plans to have all detainees released by tomorrow , Israeli government spokesman Mark Regev told the BBC .
The MV Rachel Corrie , an Irish vessel named after the American activist killed by an Israeli bulldozer over seven years ago , is due to arrive in today to attempt breaking the blockade , according to the Irish Palestine Solidarity Campaign .
” The Irish government , for its part , has threatened Israel with ‘ the most serious consequences ” ‘ if any Irish national , captured or currently aboard an aid vessel , is harmed , ” Stephen Webster writes at The Raw Story .
EDIT : The New York Times editorial page weighed in today calling on the Obama Administration to join the other four permanent members and the international community in opposing the unlawful blockade of the Gaza Strip , but there ’s a cognitive dissonance in saying that “ it should be clear that the blockade is unjust ” , but the criticism of Israel ’s hijacking is that the I.D.F. was n’t “ better prepared to defend themselves without using lethal force ” .
This is the leading voice of the intellectual class in the U.S. ?
Earth to The Gray Lady : if the blockade is “ unjust ” , intercepted the flotilla with ‘ or else ’ demands is an act of piracy .
The editors also claim that Hamas — the ‘ democratically - elected ’ , by consensual statist standards , governing body of Gaza ’s , “ refusal to accept Israel ’s right to exist ” would make the blockade legitimate if “ punishing Gaza ’s 1.4 million residents ” was n’t “ diverting attention ” .
Hamas accepts the existence of the State of Israel and does n’t call for its abolition .
Days after Israel broke its ceasefire with Hamas in November 2008 , Amira Hass reported at Ha’aretz , that Ismail Haniyeh — Hamas leader in Gaza — “ was willing to accept a Palestinian state within the 1967 borders ” , in accordance with international law .
This was been reported in the mainstream media since as early as 2006 , where the Khaled Meshaal — Hamas ’ political leader , living in Syria — said , yes , “ Hamas will not recognize Israel , ” but because the group “ will not give legitimacy to occupation ” .
The occupation is regularly defined by Hamas and the Palestinian Authority as that which extends past Israel ’s unlawful 1967 colonization .
Neither he nor any significant Palestinian negotiating figure has deviated from this .
If anything , you will only find negotiators and public figures of the West Bank ruling party , Fatah , making concessions to bridge the gap between the legal 1967 borders and the status quo which has resulted from the State of Israel ’s illegal colonization .
The ‘ Hamas does n’t recognize Israel ’s right to exist ’ meme is pure bullshit .
It is Israel and the U.S. which refuse Palestinians ’ right to self - determination .
It is Israel that continuously expands its authority beyond its legal — by any serious standards — borders .
It is the U.S. that consistently blocks any international execution of international law against the Israeli government and enables the disenfranchisement of Palestinians — their right to exist .
As Ehud Barak , former Israeli prime minister and current defense minister , told the commandos , earlier today , “ We need to always remember that we are n’t North America or Western Europe , we live in the Middle East , in a place where there is no mercy for the weak and there are n’t second chances for those who do n’t defend themselves .
You were fighting for your lives — I saw it , and I heard it from your commanders . ”
The passengers of the flotilla were the weak and the Israeli Navy showed no mercy when those passengers of the pirated ships sought to defend themselves , but in on the lunatic Planet Zionism , the ‘ Chosen People Doctrine ’ need only apply .
EDIT2 : Peter LaVelle ’s “ CrossTalk ” at Russia Today has Professor Norman Finkelstein on the panel .
The program begins with a report from Chris Guiness of the U.N. Relief and Works Agency before they discuss Israel ’s denial of a humanitarian crisis in Gaza and the flotilla hijacking itself .
Watch it here with my comment .
BP entmündigen Peter Mühlbauer
Wer ein " Unternehmenspersönlichkeitsrecht " beansprucht , der sollte auch mit der logischen Kehrseite davon konfrontiert werden
Nicht nur in Deutschland beanspruchen juristische Personen immer mehr Rechte , die eigentlich nur natürlichen Personen zustehen .
Das von einigen Anwälten erfundene " Unternehmenspersönlichkeitsrecht " , mit dem Kritiker besser zum Verstummen gebracht werden sollen , ist nur der Gipfel dieser Entwicklung .
Doch eine Rechtsprechung , die solchen Anliegen teilweise nachgibt , müsste notwendigerweise auch die andere Seite der Medaille berücksichtigen und Sanktions - oder Schutzinstrumente auf Unternehmen anwenden , wie es sie sonst nur bei natürlichen Personen gibt .
Dazu gehört beispielsweise die Entmündigung .
Sie heißt seit 1992 " Betreuung " .
Ein nicht ganz ungefährlicher Euphemismus , weil viele Betroffene vielleicht gar nicht wissen , dass sie mit einer harmlos klingenden " Betreuung " in Wirklichkeit die rechtliche Nachfolge einer Entmündigung unterschreiben .
Eine Betreuung nach § 1896 BGB schützt natürliche Personen davor , sich selbst oder andere zu gefährden und wird angeordnet , wenn jemand " seine Angelegenheiten ganz oder teilweise nicht besorgen " kann , ohne dass er sich oder andere gefährdet - wobei sich die Gefährdung auch auf Vermögenswerte bezieht .
Die Voraussetzungen für eine Betreuung treffen in bemerkenswerter Weise auch auf Unternehmen wie BP oder einige große Banken zu : Nicht nur , dass sie durch Risiken , die sie selbst offenbar nicht mehr abschätzen konnten , Dritten in erheblichem Maße schadeten - sie gefährdeten sich auch selbst .
Der New York Times zufolge wusste BP beispielsweise bereits seit Juni 2009 von massiven Sicherheitsproblemen beim Betrieb der am 20 .
April explodierten und am 22 .
April gesunkenen Bohrplattform Deep Water Horizon , unternahm aber nichts , was das Unglück verhindert hätte .
Alleine bis Ende Mai musste der Konzern deshalb etwa eine Milliarde US - Dollar für fruchtlose Eindämmungsversuche und erste Entschädigungen ausgeben .
Der Schaden ergibt sich nicht nur aus den Kosten für die Versuche , den Ölaustritt zu stoppen , sondern auch aus erheblichen Einnahmeausfällen für die Fischerei - und Tourismusbranche im praktisch gesamten Südosten der USA - von Louisiana über Mississippi und Alabama bis hin nach Florida .
Und weil der Ölteppich weiter nach Nordosten in den Atlantik treibt , könnten auch Personen und Unternehmen aus wesentlich mehr US - Bundesstaaten und Ländern betroffen sein .
Die wirtschaftlich schwer bemessbaren Umweltschäden sind hier noch gar nicht eingerechnet , obwohl auch sie Rechtsgüter im Sinne des Betreuungsrechts wären .
Unter anderem deshalb dürften die bisher gezahlten Beträge noch längst nicht das Ende der Fahnenstange sein :
Die niederländische Bank ING schätzt die Gesamtkosten für BP auf 5,3 Milliarden Dollar , die Schweizer Credit Suisse bemisst sie auf bis zu 37 Milliarden und der amerikanische Anwalt Daniel Becnel hält bis zu 50 Milliarden für möglich - eine Summe , die auch bei einem 2009 gemachten Weltjahresumsatz in Höhe von 239 Milliarden Dollar durchaus ins Gewicht fällt .
Wenig verwunderlich also , dass der Aktienkurs von BP seit der Deep - Water - Horizon - Katastrophe um ungefähr ein Drittel fiel .
Alleine das Scheitern des " Top Kill " genannten Schadensbegrenzungsversuchs hatte Kursstürze in Höhe von 15 Prozent zur Folge .
Eine Entwicklung , die auch das finanzielle Auskommen Dritter gefährdet : Folgen weitere Einbußen , dann sind britische Altersvorsorgefonds gefährdet , die häufig auf BP - Aktien aufbauen .
Mittlerweile stuften die Ratingagenturen Fitch und Moody 's auch die Kreditwürdigkeit des Unternehmens herab .
Weil beide weitere Anpassungen nach unten durchaus für möglich halten , wurden in den Medien bereits erste Übernahmegerüchte laut .
Für eine öffentliche Betreuung des Konzerns spricht auch , dass der spektakuläre Schaden im Golf von Mexiko nicht der einzige ist , den BP in den letzten Jahren verursacht hat : 2005 gab es in der Raffinerie Texas City eine Explosion mit mehreren Toten , einer dreistelligen Zahl von Verletzten und einem Gesamtschaden in Höhe von über eineinhalb Milliarden US - Dollar .
Das U.S. Chemical Safety Board ( CSB ) stellte in seiner Untersuchung der Vorgänge heraus , dass über Jahrzehnte hinweg behördliche Sicherheitsempfehlungen mit Verweis auf die Kosten zurückgewiesen oder einfach ignoriert wurden .
Im Jahr darauf verschuldete der Konzern in der Prudhoe Bay den bislang größten Ölschaden in Nordalaska .
Hier hatten Angestellte ihre Vorgesetzten bereits sieben Jahre vorher auf die Gefahren aufmerksam gemacht , ohne dass entsprechend reagiert worden wäre .
Dem Handelsblatt zufolge könnte die Unternehmensführung sogar auf die US - Behörden eingewirkt haben , damit diese die ihnen ebenfalls bekannten Mängel nicht öffentlich machten .
( Peter Mühlbauer )
IN A country where independent information - gathering is kept in check , what China 's leaders know and how they know it matters hugely .
A recently leaked speech by Xia Lin , a senior editor at Xinhua , China 's government - run news agency , suggests that even though press controls have been somewhat loosened in recent years , leaders still rely heavily on secret reports filed by Xinhua journalists .
Other evidence indicates this fault - prone system is actually gaining in importance .
In the speech last month Mr Xia revealed that the news agency 's public reports about an eruption of ethnic rioting in the far - western region of Xinjiang last July had played down revenge attacks by Han Chinese against members of the region 's biggest ethnic group , the Uighurs .
Mr Xia said it was only after reading a classified “ internal reference ” report on the reprisals that China 's president , Hu Jintao , cut short an overseas tour .
A summary of Mr Xia 's remarks was posted online by one of the audience .
Censors removed it and tried to stop it circulating elsewhere .
The summary has not been verified .
But filing secret bulletins to the leadership is one of Xinhua 's crucial roles .
Many of China 's main newspapers also have classified versions covering news considered too sensitive for public consumption .
They do not rely on secret intelligence , but merely report on issues that in most other countries would be the staple of journalism : public complaints ; official wrongdoing ; bad economic news ; and foreign criticism .
In recent years China 's open media — which , thanks to the withdrawal of government subsidies , are now more commercially driven — have also been straying into these once - forbidden realms .
But despite the growing assertiveness and reliability of at least a handful of open publications , the secret media have shown no sign of withering away .
Some of them have gained a new lease of life — secret - sounding information sells well .
China 's rapid adoption of the internet has even provided rich material for a whole new genre of classified reporting .
And China 's leaders appear to be lapping it up .
The outbreak of SARS , a deadly lung disease , in 2003 exposed critical weaknesses in the “ internal reference ” , or neican , system .
Xinhua 's first SARS report , for leaders ' eyes only , did not appear until February 9th , by when there had been some 300 cases and five deaths , dating back to November 2002 .
Only two days later did the leadership release the news and tell the World Health Organisation .
China 's secretiveness and dilly - dallying were widely blamed for the spread of SARS .
It was not until April 20th that China 's leaders allowed the press to report the outbreak freely .
But even as the number of open reports jumped , so too did Xinhua 's neican coverage .
Between April 1st and July 10th , the news agency issued more than 2,700 public SARS - related reports in Chinese .
It also filed more than 1,000 secret ones , and over six hours ' worth of classified audio- visual material .
In 2003 the number of comments written by leaders in the margins of Reference Proofs , a secret bulletin on international affairs for very senior officials rose by 88 % compared with the year before .
Six were by President Hu. Xinhua compiles such statistics assiduously to measure the impact of its work .
An even more secret version of the bulletin , Reference Proofs ( Supplementary Sheets ) , published more than three times as many reports as in 2002 .
Internet usage in China soared after SARS , which boosted the appeal of virtual encounters and e-commerce .
In parallel there was a surge in demand from China 's leaders for rapid updates on what the “ netizens ” were up to .
Xinhua compiles these into another laboriously titled bulletin , Proofs of Domestic Trends ( A Digest of Online Public Sentiment ) .
In 2007 the agency 's yearbook reported a 15 % growth in the number of such reports and a 50 % increase in leaders ' comments on them .
It seems unbothered by the paradox : public internet chat is rehashed in top - secret reports , divulging the contents of which could result in a lengthy prison term .
The plethora of information on the internet deemed too sensitive for China 's traditional media has spurred the growth of neican .
Last July the Communist Party 's flagship newspaper , the People 's Daily , launched a new weekly journal for senior officials , called Online Public Sentiment : Three Rurals Internal Reference .
The similarity of its title to Xinhua 's far more restricted digest might well be calculated to give the impression that it is offering inside information on the dissatisfaction - plagued “ three rurals ” , which is the party 's way of referring to peasants , villages and agriculture .
A sample edition available online is humdrum , but its aura of secrecy commands a subscription rate two or three times that of a standard ( and far more informative ) weekly magazine .
A Chinese editor familiar with Reform Internal Reference , a secret weekly for low - level officials and academics , says much of its contents could be found online .
Chinese leaders themselves sometimes seem to take neican reports , produced as they are by the party 's own faithful , with a pinch of salt .
In a commentary in the People 's Daily in April , China 's prime minister , Wen Jiabao , revealed that leaders sometimes had to sneak out incognito in search of unadulterated information .
The open press , subject as it is to a host of censorship directives , is usually even less reliable .
At the party 's five - yearly congress in 2007 , Xinhua issued more than twice as many neican reports as it had at the 2002 event .
In 2009 a senior provincial official called for efforts to ensure that everyone eligible for Xinhua 's neican did subscribe .
There must be no “ blank spots ” , he said .
In the realm of the censored , half - censored content is king .
High carbon dioxide concentrations in the ocean may turn fish into reckless daredevils , according to a study published in PNAS this week .
When scientists exposed two different species of fish larvae to elevated carbon dioxide levels , the fish began to ignore the smell of predators , multiplying their mortality rate up to nine times the current level .
The oceans are predicted to have high enough concentrations to completely impair the fishes ' predator detection as early as the end of this century .
To test how fish reacted to elevated carbon dioxide levels , researchers reared sets of clownfish and damselfish larvae in three different carbon dioxide concentrations .
The highest was 850 parts per million , a reasonable estimate for what the concentration is on track to reach by the year 2100 .
At 700 parts per million , the fish were noticeably more reckless , venturing farther away from shelter and not responding to threats as actively as fish in control tanks .
At this level , mortality was not noticeably higher .
However , at 850 parts per million , the fish were almost entirely ignorant of the scent of predators .
These fish put themselves in a position to die much more often , and researchers found that as a result their mortality rate was between five and nine times higher than controls .
The scientists who conducted the study are unsure whether increased carbon dioxide levels simply obscure the scent of predators , or if breathing the higher concentrations damages the predator detection area of the fishes ' brains .
Either way , if the symptoms translate to or are worse in other species of fish , it will be very difficult for fish populations to recover from current levels even if we cut back on fishing .
If the 700 - parts - per- million - or - less threshold persists long enough , the authors note natural selection should work its magic , weeding out the fish who can't smell predators around carbon dioxide .
But if the affected species can't accomplish this transition before carbon dioxide concentrations make them completely stupid , they will be likely to become extinct .
PNAS , 2010 .
DOI : /10.1073/pnas.1004519107 ( About DOIs ) .
US President Barack Obama ( R ) tours a solar energy centre in Arcadia , Florida in 2009 .
Obama has announced the awarding of nearly $ 2 bln to two solar energy companies that have agreed to build new power plants in the US , creating thousands of new jobs .
US President Barack Obama announced on Saturday the awarding of nearly two billion dollars to two solar energy companies that have agreed to build new power plants in the United States , creating thousands of new jobs .
" We 're going to keep fighting to advance our recovery , " Obama said in his weekly radio address .
" And we 're going to keep competing aggressively to make sure the jobs and industries of the future are taking root right here in America . "
One of the companies , Abengoa Solar , has agreed to build one of the largest solar plants in the world in Arizona , which will create about 1,600 construction jobs .
When completed , this plant will provide enough clean energy to power 70,000 homes .
The other company , Abound Solar Manufacturing , is building two new plants , one in Colorado and one in Indiana .
These projects will create more than 2,000 construction jobs , and over 1,500 permanent jobs as the plants produce millions of solar panels each year , according to White House officials .
" So that 's some of what we 're doing , " Obama said .
" But the truth is , steps like these wo n't replace all the jobs we 've lost overnight .
I know folks are struggling . "
The president warned that it would " take months , even years , to dig our way out " of the most recent economic recession .
The announcement came as the US government reported the US unemployment rate fell to 9.5 percent last month as more than half a million people abandoned the job hunt , fueling doubts about the economic recovery .
The Labor Department reported on Friday a net loss of 125,000 jobs last month .
The biggest cause for concern had been the weakness of the private sector , which created a modest 83,000 jobs in June , well up from May 's revised total of 33,000 .
Faced with an uncertain outlook and poor access to credit , US firms have been reluctant to rehire workers .
Explore further Wind power capacity grows at record pace , but industry jobs actually fall
( c ) 2010 AFP
Re :
Well may not be capped for months , June 1
While I cannot find the words to voice my displeasure with all companies and government agencies involved in this Gulf oil spill , I can remind us all that much worse is and has been going on .
For those who are n’t already aware the Niger delta in Nigeria accounts for 40 per cent of American oil imports ( 606 oilfields ) .
A 2006 report compiled by the Nigerian government in conjunction with the World Wildlife Federation in Britain and the World Conservation Union calculated that up to 1.5 million tons of oil had been spilled in the delta over the last 50 years .
According to Nigeria , more than 7,000 spills have occurred in the delta between 1970 and 2000 .
The oil companies place the majority of blame on vandalism or militant sabotage .
The people of Nigeria , however , assert that a network of old rusting pipes and aging infrastructure are the main reason for the occurrence of spills .
Regardless of who is to blame the fact remains that for 50 years toxic oil has been spilling into the waterways of the Niger delta , poisoning the water and vegetation in an already troubled land and making the Gulf oil spill pale in comparison .
Brett Ryan Book , Hamilton
Republicans have been quick to point to the BP oil spill , already the worst environmental disaster in U.S. history , as Obama ’s Katrina .
They ’d like nothing more than to get revenge for the drubbing President Bush took for his lack of action and empathy with the victims of the hurricane that devastated New Orleans and much of the Gulf region and crippled the rest of his presidency .
The White House is worried about that happening and doing everything it can to learn the lessons of Katrina and prevent a rerun .
Advertisement - Article continues below
But to me , watching the devastation in the Gulf of Mexico and Obama ’s helpless response brings back more memories of Jimmy Carter and the Iran hostage crisis .
As one who had a close - up view of that long - running event ( I was a junior reporter covering the State Department when an Iranian mob took 52 U.S. hostages on Nov. 4 , 1979 , and held most of them for 444 days ) , I vividly remember the television logos adding up the days ( then a relatively new innovation ) thereby capturing the public ’s concern and growing dissatisfaction .
Although it was a different kind of crisis , the similarities are stark and instructive .
At first , it was judged an event that no one in government could have prevented .
That gradually changed as questions emerged about why Washington did n’t have a better handle on the risks .
No one had a ready solution for fixing the problem , but with each passing day , people wondered why the president and his aides could n’t come up with an answer .
Instead of accepting that the government was powerless , people got angry .
They hated feeling the U.S. was too weak ; they wanted and expected the government to make it go away .
Finger - pointing followed , and eventually Carter launched a rescue mission against the odds .
It failed , with U.S. helicopters crashing into each other , adding significantly to the notion that the Carter government was simply incompetent .
We told you yesterday when the first image for the new Smurf movie was released that you can expect a trailer on Thrusday and here it is !
The movie is directed by Raja Gosnell has a voice cast which includes Neil Patrick Harris , Jayma Mays , Jonathan Winters , Katy Perry , Hank Azaria , Alan Cumming , George Lopez , Jeff Foxworthy and Paul Reubens .
The Smurfs ( French : Les Schtroumpfs ) is a comic and television franchise centered on a fictional group of small blue creatures called Smurfs , created by and first introduced as a series of illustrated comic strips by the Belgian cartoonist Peyo ( pen name of Pierre Culliford ) on October 23 , 1958 .
Culliford ’s initial comic first appeared in the Belgian magazine Spirou , and several decades later was adapted into an English language children ’s television series by Hanna - Barbera Productions , titled The Smurfs .
You can expect the giant blue things to appear on a screen near you , summer 2011 .
Tell us what you think of this trailer in the comments below …
2 ) New York Mets — Gary Cohen , Ron Darling , and Keith Hernandez
When Keith Hernandez is n't sleeping this is one of the best booths in the business ( although , to be fair , Darling was n't there that day to rise him ) .
With Cohen at the helm , the Gary - Ron -Keith troika strikes a delightful balance .
Darling chimes in on the pitching front , pointing out Johan's " tall " delivery , Hernandez delves into the mind of a hitter who 's just been buzzed ( " OK , you son of a gun , here 's a line drive in your forehead " ) , and together they riff on the mysteries of baseball , the magic of breaking out of a hitting slump , and then , briefly , just about any other topic on earth — wine country , spackling , the Beastie Boys , whatever .
Which is definitely something the guys need to keep in check during duller games .
Perhaps most importantly , though , they seem to enjoy what they do , to like one another , and to love the game of baseball .
favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite
Promised Land starts with great SQ and that fun sound we know .
Half - Step has a great tempo , especially this early in the game .
The first solo by Garcia is a bit slow , though it picks up slowly .
Race is
On is generally fun but a very prominent , and “ where ’s my martini ” voiced Donna is n’t fun .
Wave that Flag is the rough creature that would become US Blues , still fun .
Jack Straw is nice , from fast tempo , to half time on a dime , and back again .
Sugaree is sleazy as ever , not the beast it would later become .
Mexicali is short and sweet .
Box of Rain well performed team effort .
Row Jimmy is rather poignant to me .
It sticks out in my ears as I multi-task .
BIODTLBEW has a nice country rhythm to it , drums chugging along nicely .
El Paso is another effort that does the trick .
China > Rider has a great tempo and feel to it .
They get through the transition in a form we will become use to , Phil leading with some be -bop notes in the section of the transition that becomes a feature through the rest of their renditions of C>R until the retirement .
Very nice C>R here .LLRDo n’t EasePITB goes through a few phases in the journey of just under 20 minutes , and starts strongly right out of the vocals with nice wah sounds from Jer. Around 8 minutes we take a turn for the jazzier side of PITB .
Slowing down after 9 minutes , it then heads into a strongly themed yet exploratory jam that takes us through the rest of the song .
Generally it is a solid jam session .
Intro by Wolfman JackRamble
On maintains a decent tempo , and somewhat “ lights up ” as the Wolfman directed .
Phil sounds great , especially toward the end .
Big River has the energy we all know and expect .
HC
Sunshine is led in with some muted tuning , and then the solid intro .
The jam segment is well played , keeping a pleasing tempo and featuring great Garcia licks .
Phil is hitting some high notes , at the timing change in the middle of the jam , that are pretty cool , though this is by no means unique in this rendition of the song .
GSET is full of watery wah wah sounds from Jerome .
A nice version but there are clearly better out there .
Candyman starts off with a slow tempo , but gets to a nice place when Jer blows away Mr. Benson .
Nice , but short , jam .
MAMUHe ’s Gone > Truckin> WRS Prelude > Jam > Wharf Rat > Bobby McGeeHe ’s
Gone is mellow .
They do into an extended vocal jam which subsides just after 10:30 to Jerry ’s guitar hitting those familiar high notes , and we some instrumental jam as our reward .
We get a 3 plus minute jam that stays between Gone and the upcoming Truckin theme .
Truckin begins with middling tempo , but precision playing .
At the typical 5 minute mark we get the first of Jerry ’s solos while the tempo has clearly gained momentum .
He whips out some sassy intro notes , and then we head into the build up strongly coming out into the full blues theme / structured musical interlude we all know with more precision .
We get a very bluesy jam that goes long ( for Truckin ) and maintains a decent head of steam , though I would like more .
It sounded like Jerry wanted to perhaps head into Schoolgirl ( or any the other related / easily segued blues tunes , Schoolgirl being most prominent to my ear ) , but it never happened .
Around the 11 minute mark we get some momentum build up into a little segment I ’ve never heard before , but it ’s short lived , and as Jerry retreats into low , but higher pitched noodles , we ’ve got Phil somewhat dominating .
Keith puts in his two cents , and Jerry gets a bit louder as we get another minor build up similar to the thematic build up , which falls into more exploratory areas nicely .
As it quiets , there are hints of Comes a Time and China Doll .
WRS Prelude in its early days .
It starts low and smooth with cymbals accenting .
The band , not ready for Part 1 , instead heads into a beautiful , mellow jam lead by a poignant Garcia , the master of never overdoing it .
4 minutes in Jerry starts into some noodles , but still never overdoes it .
Jamming like this , off the cuff , is what it ’s all about .
This is clearly the highlight of the show thus far .
Wharf
Rat is great , solidifying the strength of this awesome meat sequence .
Synched , nearly error free , powerful .
The beginning of the instrumental power section of the song is where they have a minor flub which slows the momentum as they recover but with a slight limp .
McGee emerges from the tail end of the flight , to round out the meat sequence at well over 50 minutes .
Eyes >
Dew Eyes really comes right out of the end of McGee , with no real stop other than letting the previous song end .
We ’re buckled up ? 25 more minutes of awesome coming your way .
Eyes is beautiful , the 2nd verse jam has peaks into several nice little corners of groove .
The transition out of Eyes could have also gone China Doll , but Jerry pushes for the Dew , to my delight .
Jerry either flubbed the lyrics , or there was a cut , I think it was a cut … it was n’t a logical kind of flub and the music changed a bit .
There was a seamless stitching anyhow !
The build up to the finale is powerful and clear , with Keith putting in some great backing notes as Jerry gains us to the finish line , then switches into wah wahed fanning for a moment .
OMSNThough the 1st set is somewhat inconsistent , with some songs I do n’t really enjoy , it was a pretty good effort .
The second set is clearly the highlight , with an amazing sequence from the post-vocal jam of He ’s Gone , through Truckin , WRS Prelude and about halfway through Wharf Rat where they were just about invinsible .
Overall , they go deep a lot in this show , but did n’t always have the juice , though usually they did .
Definitely worth being familiar with this show .
Ever wonder what a Google Street View car looks like ?
Me neither .
I just assumed it was a Prius with a pinhole camera made out of a Quaker Oatmeal canister taped to the roof .
And I was 100 % correct .
That 's exactly what you 're looking at .
Hit the jump for a couple more shots of the vehicle ( including some rare interior ones ! ) , along with a link to a ton more pictures of the voyeurmobile .
La Google Car vue de trÃ¨s trÃ¨s prÃ¨s [ korben ]
Thanks to Korben , who planned on driving around and photobombing the Google car but opted for a nap instead .
I would have done the same .
When is the last time you read a preview for a game that was negative ?
It 's a common complaint in the world of game writing : preview coverage is hilariously one - sided , and serves only to get people excited about games that could be years away from completion .
Is it a matter of corruption ?
Bribery ?
Something even more insidious ?
While conspiracy theories are fun , the truth is that the press is only presented information about games after that information has been heavily polished and prepared .
Preview events — including demos at shows such as E3 — are highly orchestrated , controlled affairs .
Interviews take place with PR representatives in the room , with skittish developers looking at their handlers when asked a tough question .
The real problem is that there is simply too much at stake to present anything but a perfect experience .
You are shown what they want , when they want
During an event such as E3 or the Game Developers Conference , the press lines up to see upcoming games , and small sections of the releases are prepared well in advance .
The publishers know what will be shown and how it will be played .
Developers are given pat , repeatable answers to common questions .
" It 's hard , because it 's so rare that I feel like I walk away from a preview with an accurate sense of what a game is like , " Justin McElroy , reviews editor for Joystiq.com told Ars .
" I might understand some of the mechanics , but what do I know about how the product will all come together in the end ? "
He describes a mythical situation that would lead to a more complete picture of the game .
" Ideally , I like to play the first 1 / 2 hour to hour of a game by myself , with the opportunity to get clarification on what 's being worked on / fixed . "
You 're not allowed to play the game for yourself , so interaction with the developers or PR person gives you an artificial idea of how easy , or hard , the game is to play .
" The worst is PR flacks who are kibitzing as you 're playing , telling you exactly which buttons to press at which times .
Half the fun for me is figuring out a game 's mechanics , which is impossible if you 're standing over my shoulder and telling me which buttons to press at which moments , " McElroy says .
" Stop it .
Also , stop telling me that you 're shocked at how well I 'm doing or that I 'm the best player that day .
I know what you 're doing . "
While it can be a bit uncomfortable to have a PR representative feeding you praise as you play through a game , some preview events are outright depressing .
At one invite - only party during a past E3 , the press was allowed to play a single part of a single level of an anticipated game .
You waited in line , were given a wiped down controller , and were booted once you completed that section of the game .
The controller was then disinfected and handed to the person behind you so they could play the same portion of the game they had just watched other members of the press play a dozen or so times .
The good news ?
Free drinks .
Even the worst games have a moment or two of bliss , and when you have the ability to cherry - pick what sections are shown to the press , it 's easy to create the illusion of quality .
A ten -minute section that shows off a cool moment , a speech about what 's coming from the developer , and a USB drive filled with screenshots prepared by PR , and the preview is basically written for a lazy writer .
There are many tricks to a good demo , but we 've found that scene selection may be the most important .
Joystiq 's McElroy concurs : " Being selective about what section is being shown is probably the most common .
It 's tricky to find a bit of the game that 's easy enough for a newbie to enjoy , but also shows off the game at its very best , so devs tend to be pretty picky about what section is being played . "
This leads to games that leave shows with nearly insane levels of buzz , only to disappoint when the full experience is in the hands of gamers .
Budgets are getting bigger , early hype is too important
Previews of games are a contentious topic , and one of the most fascinating conversations on the topic I 've ever had came from a late - night phone call with Penny Arcade 's Jerry " Tycho " Holkins .
This is a man with amazing power in the gaming industry ; one PR person once told me that a positive mention in a Penny Arcade news post was like " being touched by the light . "
Despite , or maybe because of , this level of influence , Holkins skips E3 and preview events .
He simply does n't feel like you get an accurate picture of the games being shown .
The problem is that budgets are huge , and early buzz from the press is key for that all - important huge first week of sales .
" They can not afford to be frank , they can't afford to show us [ content that 's not perfect ] , " Holkins told Ars .
" There 's too much riding on it , it 's too expensive .
It 's not realistic for them to show us something that is interpretable . "
Holkins also points out another fact that 's rarely discussed when talking about preview coverage : readers may not want brutal honesty .
" Do people expect something else ?
Do they expect something broader ?
They expect fair reviews .
I think in general people read previews as a form of entertainment , " he says .
" I could be wrong .
I know what it is to see a preview , I know how manufactured those can be , but I understand why they are that way . "
Games are , for better or worse , an emotional topic for many people , and minds can be made up long before someone actually plays a game .
A negative preview of a much - anticipated game can lead to vitriol in comments , and hate mail flooding your inbox .
If you have the choice between writing about a game you like , or being critical of a game that is sure to cause reader backlash , it 's no surprise that so many writers stick to games they can write positive things about .
I asked Holkins if he'd rather write about a good game than a bad one .
" Of course , it 's more fun ! " he said immediately .
" At my best , I act as an advocate , and also I have the benefit of choosing what I write about .
I write about things that are interesting to me , for the most part . "
Most writers and gaming outlets do n't have that luxury , but the pull of writing about something that excites you , rather than something that let you down , is strong .
Where is the value ?
Still , going to E3 every year is worthwhile , no matter how stage - managed the coverage can often be .
By asking pointed questions , you can gain insights from developers .
At GDC this year , Sony allowed the press to spend long , uninterrupted periods of time playing with the PlayStation Move , and that sort of experience is invaluable for reporting on the upcoming technology .
Many preview events are also worthwhile : when we played Halo :
Reach the press was simply given a short presentation on each game mode before we were able to play the game on rather modest stations for long periods of time .
When the event is structured in such a way that the game itself is the centerpiece , and not a speech or a lengthy presentation , real coverage is possible .
One of my favorite E3 memories was being given an hour to play Fallout 3 well before the game 's release , while developers prowled the room simply watching people play .
We were allowed to go anywhere we'd like and do anything that caught our fancy , and no one gave us gameplay tips unless we asked for guidance .
There is also another trend that seems to come and go : letting the press give impressions based on very early , finished software .
When we received our review copy of Alan Wake it came on a retail , pressed disc , with an embargo that included the ability to preview a portion of the game 's beginning immediately .
After e-mailing Nintendo , I found that a similar deal was in place for Super Mario Galaxy 2 — while the full review was embargoed , we could run a preview of the game up until World 3 .
This is the finished code , the game that readers will be buying when it 's released .
Given the ability to write about the game in your own home , without anyone breathing down your neck , is a godsend for making well - informed opinions and sharing them with readers weeks before the game 's release .
Giving reviewers the final code also sends a subtle signal to the public : we believe in our game , and want you to spread the word about it .
These previews of actual code , or nearly finished code , conducted far away from the bright lights of trade shows or preview events , are as close as you can get to an authoritative preview , as they have the possibility of being the most pure .
Previews are always going to be in demand .
Readers want all the information they can get about the games they want to play , and writers love seeing new games and writing about them .
So previews will always present a challenge for coverage , as the publishers hold nearly all the cards : what is shown , who it is shown to , and in what context .
The best that journalists can do is give as much information as possible to readers , while digging for as much data as possible as they can in their time with the game .
The truth though , is n't that writers are misleading readers , as they 're simply describing what they 're being shown .
" Those previews are true , they 're demonstrably true ! "
Holkins told us , excitedly .
" They 've only been shown good things . "
And really , that 's the problem .
Awesome game - themed treats and photos by Ana Fuji .
CLEVELAND , Ohio --
The
tried unsuccessfully this week to get information on all people licensed to carry concealed weapons in the Buckeye State .
The state party sent letters to Ohio's 88 sheriffs requesting the names and addresses of permit holders and the dates the licenses were issued .
Ohio has about 211,000 permit holders .
But neither the Democrats nor any other political party can get that information .
The records are exempt from the public record laws .
The only public access was given to journalists when then - Gov. Bob Taft signed the law in 2004 .
Lorain County Sheriff Phil Stammitti , a Democrat , denied the request Friday .
" I must also advise you that the information you are requesting is NOT a public record and CANNOT be released , " Stammitti wrote in a letter to the party .
The Democrats intended to target people who support the Second Amendment -- the constitutional right to bear arms -- with campaign information , said party spokesman , Seth Bringman .
The party learned the information was not public and then sent a second letter apologizing to the 88 sheriffs .
" We asked them to rescind our request , " Bringman said .
Derek DeBrosse , an attorney for Ohioans for Concealed Carry , a gun-rights group , said the law is clear and political parties are not privy to the information .
" We applaud them for rescinding the request , " he said .
The group also objects to journalists having access to the information , DeBrosse said .
The Democrat 's request came a week after the National Rifle Association endorsed Gov. Ted Strickland over Republican challenger John Kasich .
Since becoming governor , Strickland in 2008 signed bills making the " castle doctrine " law in Ohio .
It presumes that people acted in self - defense when using force against someone who illegally entered their home or car .
He also that year signed a bill championed by gun supporters that lessened restrictions on concealed carry license holders .
And Strickland has said that he supports Senate Bill 239 , a bill making its way through the Ohio legislature that would allow concealed carry license holders to tote their firearms in alcohol - serving establishments such as family restaurants and bars -- a measure opposed by police groups .
That Ohio bill is one of the top priorities in the country for the NRA .
The Democratic Party 's request had nothing to do with the NRA endorsement , Bringman said .
A look inside a self - service Systembolaget in Södertälje , Sweden Created by me October , 2006 in Södertälje , Sweden ( Photo credit : Wikipedia )
I live in a dry county .
That means that I cannot buy beverages containing alcohol within the county because stores are not permitted to sell them .
The fact that I can be in a normal county where alcohol sales are permitted in about 15 minutes makes this a minor hassle .
And since I work in and do virtually all of my shopping in the nearby normal county , the hassle is barely noticeable .
At least , it is until I stop to think about it .
The county in which I reside remains dry because the large numbers of Southern Baptists living here want it that way .
Local business owners ( especially those who own restaurants ) periodically manage to put our dry county status on the ballot .
The Southern Baptists mobilize on an " alcohol is evil " platform and defeat the measure again and again .
So I can not buy alcoholic beverages near my home because Southern Baptists do n't think I should be allowed to do so .
Strangely , the situation is really not that much better down the road in the non -dry county .
I know because I used to live there .
While it was true that liquor stores were readily available and that I could buy beer at grocery stores ( but not wine or anything else ) , there were a variety of other odd restrictions .
Beverages containing alcohol could not be purchased after a certain time of day , and this was true even at stores open 24 hours .
On Sundays , alcoholic beverages could not be bought and sold at all .
Once again , a religious majority decided to impose its will on the rest of us .
What I describe here may seem quite trivial .
But it provides an effective illustration of how the Christian majority legislates their version of morality on the rest of us and how local and state governments allow them to do so .
Who is harmed by my buying a beer on Sunday ?
Nobody .
Who is harmed by the local grocery selling beer ?
Nobody .
And yet , we all put up with these unwarranted restrictions on our freedom .
Society
Farmer defends his turf with rockets
By YAN JIE and ZHOU LIHUA ( China Daily )
Updated : 2010-06-08 09:26
WUHAN - A Chinese farmer has resorted to the use of shock tactics to defend his right to land ownership by using improvised rockets to expel demolition corps that have threatened to evict him for the construction of commercial buildings .
Since February , Yang Youde , a 56 - year - old farmer living on the outskirts of Wuhan , capital of Central China 's Hubei province , has foiled two attempts to flatten his hut by using rocket - like weapons he has made himself .
" I shot only over their heads to frighten them , " said Yang .
" I did n't want to cause any injuries . "
The rockets , made from fireworks
Yang bought from a local market , could reach up to 100 meters and make a deafening sound , as was shown in a mock attack .
Local police had come to persuade him to hand in the rockets , citing laws regulating highly inflammable and explosive materials .
But Yang refused and insisted that they are only fireworks .
In early February , some 30 demolition workers tried to evict Yang .
They hid behind the excavators when Yang set off fireworks aimed at them .
" When the fireworks ran out , they came over and beat me , " said Yang .
The police came to his rescue after nearby residents made calls and the police dispersed the workers , according to Yang .
In late May , Yang withstood the second offensive of the demolition corps on a shoddy watchtower until the police arrived .
More than 100 people were deterred after he fired several shots of the rockets .
Yang said he was prepared to protect himself early this year after negotiations with local authorities over compensation for his use of the land failed and demolition workers hired by the property developer threatened to use force .
The farmland nearby has almost all been requisitioned for the construction of department buildings .
And the developer seems eager to start the project , with ditches already dug around Yang 's land signaling imminent mass construction .
Yang was offered 130,000 yuan ( $ 19,000 ) at most for the land requisitioned last year , said Ye Aimin , an official with the local Jinyinhu community .
But Yang demanded almost five times the amount , citing local government policies specifying compensation details with regard to the right of land use .
Yang showed a contract signed with a local farm in the 1980s to use the land , when all farms were State - owned .
He renewed the contract in early 1990s , which extended his right of land use to 2029 .
Stonehenge , the mysterious circle of mammoth stone pillars in the middle of the English countryside , now has a slightly smaller twin .
Scientist have discovered a second henge formation that once existed nearby made from huge timbers .
And there could be many more henge - type circles yet to be found in the vicinity , says archeologist Vince Gaffney of the University of Birmingham , which is leading an expedition of the site along with the Ludwig Boltzmann Institute of Austria .
IN PICTURES : Summer Solstice at Stonehenge
" We did n’t expect to find another henge .
There ’s always been some presumption that the stones existed in splendid isolation , " Professor Gaffney says .
On July 16 , just two weeks into their four - year project , Gaffney 's team discovered ‘ Timberhenge , ’ a 25 - meter ( 82 - foot ) diameter , circular series of holes that were once filled with 24 huge wooden poles .
It sits about 900 meters away from Stonehenge in southern England .
“ Stonehenge is n’t the only henge monument in the area .
There are several in the immediate vicinity , ” says Dr. Gaffney , reached by phone today from Stonehenge .
‘ Henge ’ refers to a circular ditch with an external bank from the Neolithic period .
Archaeology without a shovel
Notably , not a bit of earth was dug up to make the discovery .
Gaffney ’s ground - mapping project uses radar - imaging equipment , which is placed a wheels and pulled over the fields surrounding Stonehenge .
His team plans to scan a 14 - square - kilometer ( nearly 9 mile ) area at a cost of $ 500,000 to $ 1 million .
“ We will not dig anything .
The technologies we use will allow us to look at volumes of soil , ” he says .
The new Timberhenge appears built on the same orientation as Stonehenge , with entrances to the northeast and southwest .
Archaeologists say it was a worshipping site and burial ground , but Gaffney says the precise role of the structures remains unclear :
Was it for commoners or tribal leaders , worshippers or religious leaders ?
The radar - imaging project will provide a map of the area 's structures and a clearer idea of its size and functions .
Scientists have repeatedly unearthed new finds at Stonehenge .
In October 2009 , the Stonehenge Riverside Project uncovered a 10 - meter ( 33 - foot ) diameter stone circle of bluestones , brought from the Preseli mountains of Wales , 150 miles away , and dubbed ' Bluestonehenge . '
The stones , now missing , once marked the end of an avenue that leads from the River Avon to Stonehenge , a nearly 2 - mile - long processional route constructed at the end of the Stone Age .
Another Woodhenge
Nor is this the first wooden henge found in the area .
Two miles northeast of Stonehenge sits the so - called ‘ Woodhenge , ’ a six - ringed circle of 168 timber holes identified in 1925 .
Another timber circle nearby was identified in 1966 .
But Mike Parker Pearson of the University of Sheffield , director of The Stonehenge Riverside Project , says it 's premature to describe this latest find as another " Woodhenge . "
" No one has any idea if these were circles of posts , stones or just pits .
Nor do we know what date they are other than broadly 3000 - 1500 BC .
They are both great finds but we know too little about them as yet ( without excavation ) to say how they will change our understanding , " he says via email .
" As we found last year with Bluestonehenge , there is still much to be found around Stonehenge . "
Gaffney agrees that much remains unknown .
“ Despite the fact that this is probably the most studied landscapes in the world … we know nothing about it , ” says Gaffney .
“ Having said that , we felt we needed to know much more about what was happening between the monuments to know how it ’s organized . ”
On Thursday , however , southern England ’s summer rains had delayed further scans of the area , and sent Gaffney running for shelter in a car .
“ It ’s raining heavily , so we ’re not doing anything at the moment , ” he told the Monitor .
" It ’s a British summer : what do you expect ? "
IN PICTURES : Summer Solstice at Stonehenge
Related :
A trail guide in Costa Rica might stop to flick the thorns on an acacia shrub .
The thorns are wide and hollow and grow in pairs , like a demonic two - fingered peace sign .
And when the guide agitates them , ants scurry out .
This particular ant , Pseudomyrmex ferruginea , is a hard - biting acacia defender .
It protects the plant from other insects , bigger animals and well - meaning trail guides .
In return , the acacia feeds the ants a protein from its leaflets and nectar from its stalk .
The acacia and its ant army are a textbook example of mutualism between species .
And they represent the principle behind a new concept for urban farming : bug - like greenhouses perched on the roofs of skyscrapers .
They are rooftop farms , and they could represent a future segment of agriculture .
Like their biological analogs , the greenhouses tap into the buildings below them , giving and taking in a kind of mechanical symbiosis .
By recycling air and water , the two drink together , breathe together and regulate each other 's temperature .
About 15 percent of the world 's food is grown in cities , according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture .
And that could grow , as cities strive for efficiency and reduce fuel consumption .
Urban farms solve the prime source of waste — in fuel , pollutants and time — in the food industry : transportation .
The average piece of food may travel 1300 to 1500 miles from farm to plate , according to studies cited by the Leopold Center for Sustainable Agriculture .
So far , however , no urban farm design has gone mainstream .
This is because they are costly to develop and maintain ( since they are in high - rent areas ) and the product — food — is already made cheaply elsewhere .
Natalie Jeremijenko , an aerospace engineer and environmental health professor at New York University , came up with a rooftop design to solve these common problems for urban farming .
Her fixtures may be more economical than other urban farm concepts because they take up real estate that otherwise goes unused , and unlike other urban farm designs , they can pack in the plants , because everything , from the integrated systems to their bubble shape , is a slave to efficiency .
The Engineering Challenge
Not all roofs can support the hundreds or thousands of pounds of soil and water that a farm needs .
That was a major obstacle in Viraj Puri 's hunt for a rooftop to cultivate .
Puri runs Gotham Greens , a startup that 's trying to become New York City 's first commercial rooftop farming operation .
Finding the appropriate site is the first thing he mentions when listing the challenges .
" You have to look at the structural composition of the building and line that up with what your operations are going to be , " he says .
Jeremijenko's design sidesteps this issue with legs .
The steel stilts splayed out underneath distribute the structure 's weight to the building 's load - bearing walls .
And the farms weigh less because they grow in hydroponic , soil - free trays .
The curved shape of the farms optimizes sun exposure and does n't require moving parts or grow lights , unlike many greenhouse designs .
" The building does n't have to rotate to follow the sun , " says Jeremy Edmiston , principal at SYSTEMarchitects in Manhattan and co-designer of the Urban Space Station , as Jeremijenko calls the design .
" There 's enough change within the shape of the building to allow for variations . "
The streamlined form also fares well on windy rooftops .
A series of computer models show that decreasing wind resistance helps keep the farm intact .
" The wind wants to blow the thing off the roof , " Edmiston says .
" So , much of the structure is about holding it down rather than holding it up . "
To get a streamlined shape , Jeremijenko's design incorporates a skin of Ethylene tetrafluoroethylene ( ETFE ) stretched over curved ribs of steel .
ETFE is a supertough , translucent polymer used to cover stadiums and other big spaces .
Beneath its skin , the greenhouse is linked to the building below , sharing energy , air and water .
Imagine homes and offices where garden - fresh breezes waft through the vents .
The breezes may do more than improve the scent .
Plants cull carbon dioxide and increase the oxygen content in air , and some species can filter other harmful gases , such as formaldehyde , as well .
Besides the air , the farms would also recycle and purify gray water , which is wastewater from sinks , bathtubs and drinking fountains .
Jeremijenko is experimenting with retrofits of a building 's upper two stories .
They would circulate water and air through the farm and back again for people to use .
>
Vertical Farms , the Other Urban Farm
The Urban Space Station has so far taken a back seat to another urban farming concept : the vertical farm .
In this approach , an entire skyscraper is dedicated to agriculture , and it doubles as a water - treatment and waste - recycling facility .
Vertical farms are designed to produce a higher volume of food than rooftop farms , but it 's not clear if they would do it cheaply .
The premium on the building space , Jeremijenko says , is why vertical farms do not have a viable business model .
" It takes a stock market to build a high - rise , " she says .
In other words , it may be tough to recoup the rent through crop sales , especially since high - rise crops would compete on the shelf with food that grows on cheap , building - free flatland farms .
Jeremijenko has nothing against farming upward — in fact , she has designed a vertical farm herself .
But hers is built around a fire escape on an otherwise occupied building ( it 's still code - compliant , she says ) .
Dickson Despommier , a Columbia University professor who has championed the vertical farm design , has a different economic argument .
He has said that costs could change as priorities change .
Populations are rising , and so might both food prices and the cost of farmland .
And future generations may prefer to pay more for vertically grown crops if they free up land for wildlife , he says .
Despommier likes most aspects of Jeremijenko's rooftop design .
" It 's a greenhouse that can be built on the roof ; that 's a great idea , " he says .
He points out that they can trap heat in the winter , and , he says , the retrofits required for water recycling would not have to be very sophisticated .
To Jeremijenko , a key difference between her concepts and others is that the farm is integrated :
It can make life more pleasant for the people who live below it .
The principles of mutualism is rare in modern architecture , but it can tackle unsexy problems like efficiency and cost .
In other words , the extraordinary curves in this rooftop design are not paying homage to Frank Gehry .
Likes ants living in acacias , they serve a purpose .
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
WASHINGTON ( Army News Service , May 19 , 2010 ) -- Soldiers already have uniforms that blend them into their surroundings .
Now there 's instructions on how to have a weapon that blends in too .
In April , the Army released instructions on how Soldiers can apply spray paint to their M4 or M16 rifle , without decreasing the effectiveness of either the weapon or the installed optics .
" The Army has always had techniques to camouflage the Soldier ... we have techniques for the Soldier and the equipment , " said Col. Douglas A. Tamilio , project manager for Soldier Weapons , Program Executive Office Soldier .
" We found in Iraq and Afghanistan that Soldiers were starting to paint their weapons .
It was n't really approved or disapproved for them to do that .
" Tamilio said the Army worked with the Army Tank - Automotive and Armament Command as well as the Army Research , Development and Engineering Center to put together the instructions .
The resulting document , " Maintenance Information Message 10 - 040 , " is titled " Camouflaging Specific Small Arms . "
It focuses on where to apply tape to protect sensitive areas , what areas should not be painted , and what kind of paint to use .
"
It just shows Soldiers how you tape your weapon up before you go to spray it , " Tamilio said .
" We are just trying to make sure the Soldiers do n't do the wrong things with their weapons .
So we make sure we do n't reduce the reliability of our weapons system .
"
The new MIM explains the rationale behind why Soldiers would paint their rifles .
" Warfighters must be able to conduct tactical operations while reducing / limiting detection by the threat , " the message reads .
" Camouflage paints provide for reduced visual detection and enhanced warfighter survivability via neutral , non-reflective , and predominantly non -black colors .
" Additionally , the message explains , the color black is " highly infrared reflective " and it can also " provide a high degree of visual contrast when carried by camouflaged uniformed warfighters .
"
The instruction goes on to explain the materials a Soldier would need to clean his rifle before painting , the types of paint he can use and where to procure them , where to put masking tape on the rifle to protect sensitive parts , and how remove the camouflage after it is no longer needed .
To protect the inside of the barrel from receiving paint , for instance , the message tells Soldiers to " take a foam ear plug and insert it in the front of the barrel using firm pressure .
Do not use a cleaning rod or any other tool to do this .
"
On actually applying a camouflage pattern to the weapon , the message suggests Soldiers have a plan in place beforehand , and that their design focus on effectiveness rather than beauty .
" Remember , most great camouflage is not pretty , " the instruction reads .
" The goal is to blend your weapon in with the environment in which you are operating .
If you are operating in an environment that just has light tan sand , then just paint your weapon tan with limited black breakup ...
This procedure 's purpose is not to impress .
Its purpose is to provide safety and another tool in defeating the enemy .
" While the Army has provided an official guide on how Soldiers can paint their rifles to provide camouflage in an environment where camouflage may be needed , Tamilio said the instruction is not permission for a Soldier to paint his weapon .
Permission , he said , comes from a unit commander .
The instruction is simply a guide on how to proceed if a commander gives that permission .
The full MIM 10 - 040 instruction is available online at < a href = " https://aeps2.ria.army.mil/commodity/mam/tacom_wn/mim10-040.html " target=_blank >
https://aeps2.ria.army.mil/commodity/mam/tacom_wn/mim10-040.html</a>.
In order to access that document , Soldiers will need an account with Army Knowledge Online .
A more abbreviated version of the instruction , with photos , is available at < a href = " https://peosoldier.army.mil/docs/blog/weaponspainting101.pdf " target=_blank >
https://peosoldier.army.mil/docs/blog/weaponspainting101.pdf</a>.
How the Dreyfus Affair Explains Sarkozy ’s Burqa Ban
France is once again beset by the politics of the veil .
After a 2004 ban on " all conspicuous " religious symbols in French state schools — a measure that barred the wearing of crucifixes , Sikh turbans , and Jewish skullcaps but was clearly targeted at headscarf - wearing Muslims — President Nicolas Sarkozy has taken it a step further .
Now he is pressing for a total ban on the public wearing of the full veil , or burqa , by Muslim women , framing the legislation in terms of national identity : " [ The burqa ] will not be welcome on the territory of the French republic , " he said last year .
The veil made women " prisoners behind netting " and " is not the idea the French republic has of women ’s dignity . "
Indeed , the debate has a long history in France and is not merely a product of the right , though Sarkozy ’s opponents denounce it as a nakedly political attempt to attract anti-immigrant support .
A powerful , and sometimes irrational , fear of religious influence — once Catholic , now Muslim — has long been a part of French society , through the anti-clerical campaigns of the 19th century and the anti-Jesuit paranoia of the Dreyfus affair .
It ’s impossible to understand the burqa debate without understanding the nature of the polemics that shaped it .
Anti-clerical sentiment became a major force in French political life in the 18th century , when philosophers attacked the Catholic Church as an enemy of the Enlightenment and a supporter of the oppressive monarchical government .
Many of the early debates centered around women ’s bodies and freedoms , with religion depicted as attacking society ’s weakest and most vulnerable members .
In La Religieuse ( The Nun ) , Denis Diderot ’s 1796 novel , a young innocent , Suzanne , is unscrupulously pressed into taking the veil and then subjected to the sexual advances and moral perfidy of her superiors .
In the work , the veil is a symbol of imprisonment , darkness , and unbridled , corrupt power .
As historian Caroline Ford has shown , " forced claustration " became a legal cause célèbre in the 19th century , as lawyers denounced the loss of women ’s " civil personality " when they entered convents .
Anti-clerical campaigners condemned nuns ’ habits in much the same way that today ’s commentators rail against the full veil as the ultimate symbol of sexual and political oppression .
The 19th century in France saw a massive growth in the numbers of women entering orders , and a corresponding increase in the number of wimples that distinguished their distinctive vocations .
Nuns ’ habits were denounced as outward proof of the church ’s ability to enforce an unnatural spiritual and physical discipline on victimized women .
Even today the occasional commentator acknowledges that the Carmelites and Clarisses Sisters , both contemplative orders , impose a strict confinement on their nuns and require a costume little different from the burqa .
Behind the fantasy of the victimized nun was the specter of the Svengali - like manipulating priest — one that closely parallels today ’s fears over the power of radical imams .
In his best - selling 1845 polemic
Du prêtre , de la femme et de la famille , the 19th - century historian Jules Michelet argued that priests , and especially Jesuits , got between husband and wife to turn women away from the emancipation that Republicanism offered .
Many mainstream French feminists in the 1880s and 1890s even opposed giving women the vote on the grounds they would cast their ballot as their confessors told them .
It was around this time that the concept of " laïcité " gained strength as a militant form of secularism that allowed freedom of religious conscience and worship as long as they were private and discreet .
The new Third Republic promoted laïcité to fend off reactionary political and religious ideologies and to encourage allegiance to the regime — important at a time when France was the only major country in Europe that was not a monarchy .
In the 1870s and 1880s , as part of the struggle for laïcité , the government removed crucifixes from the nation ’s classrooms and guaranteed free secular primary education for everyone .
The Dreyfus Affair in the 1890s only strengthened the Republican commitment to secularism .
Alfred Dreyfus , a French Army captain of Jewish descent , was wrongly convicted of treason and sent into exile .
The trauma of the Affair , which dragged on for years as Dreyfus was reconvicted in 1899 and only finally exonerated in 1906 , split the political class in two and severely damaged France ’s international reputation .
Dreyfus ’s reconviction was carried out by a military court in what was seen by his allies as a clerico - military conspiracy .
The Dreyfusards blamed the Catholic elite , particularly the aristocratic Jesuit priest Stanislas du Lac .
Du Lac not only had an entree into the highest levels of the Catholic elite , he also presided over the Lycée Ste Geneviève , which channeled many of its pupils into the army officer corps .
Many Dreyfusards argued that it was du Lac ’s minions who orchestrated the military conspiracy that kept the innocent Jewish captain in solitary confinement on Devil ’s Island — an accusation with little factual support .
In the aftermath , activists who had worked to free him sought their revenge against the clerical enemy , with some extremists thinking nothing of blacklisting military officers simply because they went to Mass .
In 1905 , laïcité was embodied in law through the formal separation of church and state .
More recently , it has served as a justification for the 2004 headscarf ban and the current campaign against the full veil .
The fears of today are built on those of the past , the Catholic enemy now superseded by the Islamic menace .
This is not to suggest that religious institutions are faultless :
The recent revelations about child abuse within the Catholic Church show that secrecy and complicity can indeed encourage the worst kinds of exploitation .
And during the Dreyfus Affair , one of the main sources of anti-Semitic invective was La Croix , a newspaper run by the Assumptionist order , which for years ran stories of Jewish financial dishonesty , treachery , and ritual murder .
But there is no doubt that , just as the anti-clerical fury back then sometimes also targeted innocent Catholics , the focus on the full veil now heightens the polemical temperature by demonizing Muslims as oppressors of women .
In their opposition to the veil , certain feminists have become allied to nationalism .
Laïcité , which originated in a wish to defend French liberties from religious fanaticism , now risks undermining those liberties by criminalizing the tiny minority of Muslim women in France for what they wear .
On July 17th Berliners and other Europeans will take to the streets to stop the worst environmental disaster on the planet :
Canada ’s “ Dirty Oil ” Tar Sands
“ The tar sands of Canada constitute one of our planet ’s greatest threats ” — James Hansen , Director of NASA ’s Goddard Institute for Space Studies
“ Extracting oil from Alberta ’s tar sands jeopardizes the survival of our species ” — Al Gore
Warning of the global environmental disaster represented by Canada ’s production of oil from its western tar sands , protesters will gather in front of the Canadian Embassies in Berlin , London and Copenhagen on Saturday , July 17 to mark International Stop the Tar Sands Day .
[ Download poster international tar sands day A3 ]
The goal of International Stop the Tar Sands Day is to raise awareness in Europe that oil made from Canada ’s tar sands has “ two - to - three times the global warming pollution of conventional oil , ” according to eminent scientist James Hansen , Director of NASA ’s Goddard Institute for Space Studies .
“ But the process also diminishes one of the best carbon - reduction tools on the planet : Canada ’s Boreal Forest . ”
Similar protests are planned at Canadian embassies in London , Paris and Vienna .
“ Ultimately only Canadian people can stop the expansion of the tar sands .
Through our demonstrations we want to show Canadians there is international support for a moratorium , ” says first - time organizer Derek Leahy , a Canadian living in Berlin .
“ We believe Canadians will make the right decision , ” Leahy said
“ Although European companies and banks are profiting from Canada ’s tar sands few Europeans have heard about the tar sands .
We intend to change that , ” he said
[ Full disclosure : this is copied from a press release and Derek is my son — Steve ]
Not only is a pristine forest amounting to 40 per cent of Germany being destroyed , extracting oil from the tar sands requires enormous quantities of fresh water — almost double what 3.4 million Berliners use in a full year .
The mining process contaminates 90 percent of this valuable water leaving “ lakes ” of toxic waste totaling more than five times the size of Berlin ’s Wannsee .
Some 1600 migratory ducks died after landing in one wastewater lake in 2008 .
By 2020 these toxic bodies of water are expected to contain 1.1 billion cubic meters of waste and cover 250 sq km .
Not only is a pristine forest amounting to 40 per cent of Germany being destroyed , extracting oil from the tar sands requires enormous quantities of fresh water — almost double what 3.4 million Berliners use in a full year .
The mining process contaminates 90 percent of this valuable water leaving “ lakes ” of toxic waste totaling more than five times the size of Berlin ’s famous Wannsee where 50,000 flock to cool off at Europe ’s biggest inland beach .
By 2020 these toxic bodies of water are expected to contain 1.1 billion cubic meters of waste and cover 250 sq km .
Canada ’s oil sands are similar to the Gulf of Mexico oil spill “ but playing out in slow motion ” — RiskMetrics Group in a May 2010 report report warning investors of the ecological , financial and social risks of oil sands investments .
The Gulf oil spill and increasing public disapproval of offshore drilling have led to increased interest in rapid expansion of the tar sands which are called oil sands by the industry .
“ The oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico is a tragic accident and environmental catastrophe but will be stopped , hopefully very soon , ” says life - long Berlin resident Jendrik Terasa .
“ With much less media attention , billions of euros are being pumped into Canada ’s tar sands to double its operations from the present 1.5 million barrels of oil per day . ”
“ This is a far bigger long - term disaster . ”
Largely because of the tar sands Canada ’s greenhouse gas emissions have grown 24 per cent since 1990 , more than any other G8 nation according to the 2008 national inventory report that Environment Canada filed with the United Nations .
“ Oil extraction from tar sands is polluting , destructive , expensive and energy - intensive .
These things are facts . ” — John Podesta , President of the Center for American Progress , June 23 2010
Although nearly all of this dirty oil goes to the US presently , some of the tar sands ’ future production is destined for China .
Two proposed 1,170 km pipelines through Canada ’s Rocky Mountains have been proposed to deliver the oil to a planned supertanker terminal on the remote British Columbia north coast .
A project of this scale requires enormous amounts of domestic and international financing .
Banks in Switzerland , United Kingdom , France , Italy , and the Netherlands are invested in tar sands projects along with a number of North American institutions .
It is believed that many more banks have also extended credit for tar sands projects .
Major European oil companies like Norway ’s Statoil , Netherlands / UK - based Shell , and France ’s Total are currently operating in the tar sands .
In late 2007 BP quietly approved its first tar sands project although previously promising to not operate in the region due to excessive environmental impacts .
Leahy : “ This is a truly global issue .
Canada is supplying the world ’s addiction to oil while multinational companies and banks are rolling the dice with the future of our planet . ”
The European Union could take positive action and prohibit the use of Canada ’s dirty oil under the fuel quality directive to reduce greenhouse gas emissions from road fuels .
However the current revision of the directive gives Canada ’s tar sands a free pass , despite the far higher emissions rating compared to conventional oil production .
A group of MEPs said on 5 July they will reject the revision without better defining the value of life - cycle greenhouse gas emissions from tar sands oil .
Tar Sands ( also called oil sands ) Facts
* Tar sands are a mixture of a tar - like form of petroleum called bitumen , together with clay , sand and water .
The mixture must be mined , boiled and steamed in order to transform it into crude oil .
* Canada ’s tar sands are the second largest proven petroleum reserve in the world , behind Saudi Arabia according to government officials .
* Average greenhouse gas emissions for oil sands extraction and upgrading are estimated to be 3.2 to 4.5 times as intensive per barrel as for conventional crude oil produced in Canada or the United States .
* Canada ’s province of Alberta ’s where the tar sands are located has the highest greenhouse gas emissions per person in the world .
In 2005 — 70.2 tonnes of CO2 equivalent per person
* Mining operations alone are licensed to divert 652 million cubic metres of water each year , more than 3 times Berlin ’s drinking water use ( 205 cu. m. )
For more information on the International “ Stop the Tar Sands ” Day campaign , please visit the group ’s Facebook page or contact rob.ourdecade@gmail.com .
44.109380 -79.120461
The government should slash student places at " pile it high , sell it cheap " universities – even if it means some being forced to close – to protect Britain 's " world class " research institutions , the head of University College London has said .
Speaking ahead of a speech on Thursday by the business secretary , Vince Cable , in which the government is expected to outline plans to cut costs in higher education , UCL's Malcolm Grant said elite universities feared the government was poised to cut research funding .
Such a move could " decimate Britain 's global competitiveness in research " , Grant told the Guardian , arguing that there is a " direct human benefit " in areas such as cancer and Parkinson 's disease from research - intensive universities .
Grant , provost of UCL – rated fourth best university in the world after Harvard , Cambridge and Yale – said : " The biggest risk to the big research universities is a cut in funding for research , if that was done without proper identification of excellence then it would decimate Britain 's global competitiveness in research . "
As applications for university places continue to soar – they hit a record high for the fourth year in a row – the government is under intense pressure not to impose further cuts on the numbers of students .
Cuts in teaching budgets would affect all universities and risk protest from the families of bright children who were denied places .
But cutting research funding would hit elite universities disproportionately ; last year UCL received nearly £ 69 m from the government for teaching compared with £ 104 m for research .
Grant said : " The politics of reducing total student numbers is very difficult , if it then leads to the conclusion that there should be fewer universities .
There will be political pressure to keep open universities at the teaching - only end of the spectrum by taking resources away from the world - class research universities . "
David Willetts , the universities secretary , has hinted that students could soon be forced to pay higher tuition fees , warning that the cost of degree courses was a " burden on the taxpayer " that had to be tackled .
But in return , universities will come under pressure to improve the quality of their teaching and ensure that students are prepared to enter a tough jobs market .
Last month , Willetts told the Guardian : " The system does n't contain strong incentives for universities to focus on teaching and the student experience as opposed to research . "
Grant urged the government to consider reducing student numbers if that was the price of maintaining Britain 's research heritage .
" I think it 's an avoidable consequence if politicians are prepared to revisit the question of student numbers , " he said .
UCL researchers work on conditions ranging from cardiovascular disease to MRSA ; an ex-PhD student , Charles Kao , won the Nobel prize for physics in 2009 for work on fibre - optic communications .
Grant said : " If you talk about research , people do n't realise what huge human benefit , direct human benefit , comes from it .
We 've got a major cancer unit , we 've got people working on Parkinson's , we 've had the award of a Nobel prize . "
Grant said differences between universities were not reflected in the fact that all of them charged the same tuition fees .
This masked the fact that elite universities offered a far richer experience , he said
" Universities vary quite a lot in the cost of their teaching , but you can't vary the price .
Much of it depends on whether you 're a research institution , whether you 've got libraries or ' pile it high and sell it cheap ' – these differences are n't reflected in the funding model . "
The elite Russell group of universities are keen to allow institutions to set their own fees – they have argued in their submission to Lord Browne 's review of fees that students who stand to gain the most should pay the most .
Grant said that if the government favoured an increase in tuition fees , the cost of a UCL degree could rise towards the amount charged to a foreign student .
According to next year 's fees schedule , an arts degree such as ancient history will cost £ 12,770 for an overseas student while medicine will cost £ 24,940 .
He said , however , that fees charged to domestic students would always be lower than those to foreign students because of the taxpayer subsidy – and there would not be a variable cost by subject to avoid deterring applicants for the sciences , which cost more to teach .
Grant said he aspired to the Yale model , in which students are charged a headline fee of $ 51,000 ( £ 34,000 ) , but only half of them pay the full amount .
However , British universities lack the generous endowments make the American system of bursaries possible .
Britain is " light years " away from that , he said .
Pam Tatlow , chief executive of million + , which represents many of Britain 's new universities , said the UCL head 's view " fails to recognise that our higher education sector must deliver results for universities , students , the UK economy and society rather than just a handful of vested interests . "
He urged the government to maintain the number of student places : " Coalition ministers would be extremely short - sighted if they paid any attention to these suggestions and supported a very small number of universities at the expense of providing places for the record numbers of applicants hoping to secure a place at university in this or future years .
They would also be breaking the commitment to social mobility made in their coalition agreement only a few weeks ago . "
To help prepare students for a demanding global jobs market , UCL is planning to introduce a combined honours degree in arts and sciences .
The interdisciplinary degrees will include optional modules from across the range of subjects in science , culture and health .
Such degrees are regarded as challenging and aimed at the most able students .
A government spokesman said the business secretary 's speech had not been finalised .
However , Cable is expected to say costs could be reduced by separating teaching from examining , so that new institutions would be allowed to teach students for degrees that would be awarded by more prestigious universities .
He is keen to encourage the growth of private universities .
He has also agreed that Labour 's plan for half the population to go to university should be scrapped .
Japanese developer Grasshopper Manufacture -- you know , those crazy folks behind No More Heroes and Killer7 -- have kicked off its podcast .
And it's in English !
The currently unnamed weekly 30 - minute podcast is hosted by Grasshopper Manufacture producer Esteban Salazar and community manager John Davis .
Each week , the two plan to feature a different staff member , each of which will talk about what they do at the studio .
The inaugural episode features Massimo Guarini , director of … a big , mysterious project no one will tell us about .
( Damn . )
The show will also feature music from your favorite Grasshopper Manufacture games ( and perhaps some recommendations from Suda 51 and Akira Yamaoka ) , contests , and more .
You can hear the podcast on the studio's Facebook page ( it 's not on iTunes just yet ) ; it 's also looking for a name , so help them out and maybe win a prize .
You can do it !
What exactly is the blockade of Gaza ?
In recent days , coverage of the attack on the aid flotilla headed to the Gaza Strip has focused on the lack of availability of certain humanitarian goods .
This fact sheet is a reference tool based on data collected by international aid agencies and human rights groups on the impact of the siege on the population of Gaza .
Electricity :
The siege has led to a significant lack of power in the Gaza Strip .
In 2006 , Israel carried out an attack on Gaza ’s only power plant and never permitted the rebuilding to its pre-attack capacity ( down to producing 80 megawatts maximum from 140 megawatts ) .
According to the UN Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs ( UN OCHA ) , the daily electricity deficit has increased since January of 2010 with the plant only able to operate one turbine producing only 30 megawatts compared to its previous average of 60 - 65 megawatts in 2009 .
The majority of houses have power cuts at least eight hours per day .
Some have no electricity for long as 12 hours a day .
The lack of electricity has led to reliance on generators , many of which have exploded from overwork , killing and maiming civilians .
Oxfam reported that " [ in 2009 ] , a total of 75 Palestinians died from carbon monoxide gas poisoning or fires from generators , and 15 died and 27 people were injured in the first two months of this year . "
Water : Israel has not permitted supplies into the Gaza Strip to rebuild the sewage system .
Amnesty International reports that 90 - 95 percent of the drinking water in Gaza is contaminated and unfit for consumption .
The United Nations even found that bottled water in Gaza contained contaminants , likely due to the plastic bottles recycled in dysfunctional factories .
The lack of sufficient power for desalination and sewage facilities results in significant amounts of sewage seeping into Gaza ’s costal aquifer –the main source of water for the people of Gaza .
Industry : Prior to the siege , the industrial sector employed 20 percent of Gaza ’s labor force .
One year after the siege began , the Palestinian Federation of Industries reported that " 61 % of the factories have completely closed down .
1 % was forced to change their scope of work in order to meet their living expenses , 38 % were partially closed ( sometimes means they operate with less than 15 % capacity ) " .
A World Health Organization report from this year states : " In the Gaza Strip , private enterprise is practically at a standstill as a consequence of the blockade .
Almost all ( 98 % ) industrial operations have been shut down .
The construction sector , which before September 2000 provided 15 % of all jobs , has effectively halted .
Only 258 industrial establishments in Gaza were operational in 2009 compared with over 2400 in 2006 .
As a result , unemployment rates have soared to 42 % ( up from 32 % before the blockade ) . "
Health : Gaza ’s health sector , dramatically overworked , was also significantly damaged by Operation Cast Lead .
According to UN OCHA , infrastructure for 15 of 27 of Gaza ’s hospitals , 43 of 110 of its primary care facilities , and 29 of its 148 ambulances were damaged or destroyed during the war .
Without rebuilding materials like cement and glass due to Israeli restrictions , the vast majority of the destroyed health infrastructure has not been rebuilt .
Many medical procedures for advanced illnesses are not available in Gaza .
1103 individuals applied for permits to exit the Israeli - controlled Erez crossing for medical treatment in 2009 .
21 percent of these permits were denied or delayed resulting in missed hospital appointments , and several have died waiting to leave Gaza for treatment .
Food : A 2010 World Health Organization report stated that " chronic malnutrition in the Gaza Strip has risen over the past few years and has now reached 10.2 % .
Micronutrient deficiencies among children and women have reached levels that are of concern . "
According to UN OCHA : " Over 60 percent of households are now food insecure , threatening the health and wellbeing of children , women and men .
In this context , agriculture offers some practical solutions to a humanitarian problem .
However , Israel ’s import and access restrictions continue to suffocate the agriculture sector and directly contribute to rising food insecurity .
Of particular concern , farmers and fishers ’ lives are regularly put at risk , due to Israel ’s enforcement of its access restrictions .
The fact that this coastal population now imports fish from Israel and through tunnels under the Gaza - Egypt border speaks to the absurdity of the situation . "
72 percent of Gaza ’s fish profit comes from beyond the three nautical mile mark , but further restrictions by Israel ’s naval blockade prevents Gazans from fishing beyond that mark .
Between 2008 and 2009 the fishing catch was down 47 percent .
Yousef Munayyer is the Executive Director of the Jerusalem Fund and the Palestine Center
Learn you some Erlang for great good !
Hey there , it appears your Javascript is disabled .
That 's fine , the site works without it .
However , you might prefer reading it with syntax highlighting , which requires Javascript !
The Hitchhiker 's Guide to Concurrency
Far out in the uncharted backwaters of the unfashionable beginning of the 21st century lies a small subset of human knowledge .
Within this subset of human knowledge is an utterly insignificant little discipline whose Von Neumann - descended architecture is so amazingly primitive that it is still thought that RPN calculators are a pretty neat idea .
This discipline has — or rather had — a problem , which was this : most of the people studying it were unhappy for pretty much of the time when trying to write parallel software .
Many solutions were suggested for this problem , but most of these were largely concerned with the handling of little pieces of logic called locks and mutexes and whatnot , which is odd because on the whole it was n't the small pieces of logic that needed parallelism .
And so the problem remained ; lots of people were mean , and most of them were miserable , even those with RPN calculators .
Many were increasingly of the opinion that they'd all made a big mistake in trying to add parallelism to their programming languages , and that no program should have ever left its initial thread .
Note : parodying The Hitchhiker 's Guide to the Galaxy is fun .
Read the book if you have n't already .
It 's good !
Hi. Today ( or whatever day you are reading this , even tomorrow ) , I 'm going to tell you about concurrent Erlang .
Chances are you 've read about or dealt with concurrency before .
You might also be curious about the emergence of multi-core programming .
Anyway , the probabilities are high that you 're reading this book because of all this talk about concurrency going on these days .
A warning though ; this chapter is mostly theoric .
If you have a headache , a distaste for programming language history or just want to program , you might be better off skipping to the end of the chapter or skip to the next one ( where more practical knowledge is shown . )
I 've already explained in the book 's intro that Erlang 's concurrency was based on message passing and the actor model , with the example of people communicating with nothing but letters .
I 'll explain it more in details again later , but first of all , I believe it is important to define the difference between concurrency and parallelism .
In many places both words refer to the same concept .
They are often used as two different ideas in the context of Erlang .
For many Erlangers , concurrency refers to the idea of having many actors running independently , but not necessarily all at the same time .
Parallelism is having actors running exactly at the same time .
I will say that there does n't seem to be any consensus on such definitions around various areas of computer science , but I will use them in this manner in this text .
Do n't be surprised if other sources or people use the same terms to mean different things .
This is to say Erlang had concurrency from the beginning , even when everything was done on a single core processor in the ' 80s .
Each Erlang process would have its own slice of time to run , much like desktop applications did before multi-core systems .
Parallelism was still possible back then ; all you needed to do was to have a second computer running the code and communicating with the first one .
Even then , only two actors could be run in parallel in this setup .
Nowadays , multi- core systems allows for parallelism on a single computer ( with some industrial chips having many dozens of cores ) and Erlang takes full advantage of this possibility .
Do n't drink too much Kool - Aid :
The distinction between concurrency and parallelism is important to make , because many programmers hold the belief that Erlang was ready for multi-core computers years before it actually was .
Erlang was only adapted to true symmetric multiprocessing in the mid 2000s and only got most of the implementation right with the R13B release of the language in 2009 .
Before that , SMP often had to be disabled to avoid performance losses .
To get parallelism on a multicore computer without SMP , you 'd start many instances of the VM instead .
An interesting fact is that because Erlang concurrency is all about isolated processes , it took no conceptual change at the language level to bring true parallelism to the language .
All the changes were transparently done in the VM , away from the eyes of the programmers .
Back in the day , Erlang 's development as a language was extremely quick with frequent feedback from engineers working on telephone switches in Erlang itself .
These interactions proved processes - based concurrency and asynchronous message passing to be a good way to model the problems they faced .
Moreover , the telephony world already had a certain culture going towards concurrency before Erlang came to be .
This was inherited from PLEX , a language created earlier at Ericsson , and AXE , a switch developed with it .
Erlang followed this tendency and attempted to improve on previous tools available .
Erlang had a few requirements to satisfy before being considered good .
The main ones were being able to scale up and support many thousands of users across many switches , and then to achieve high reliability — to the point of never stopping the code .
Scalability
I 'll focus on the scaling first .
Some properties were seen as necessary to achieve scalability .
Because users would be represented as processes which only reacted upon certain events ( i.e. : receiving a call , hanging up , etc. ) , an ideal system would support processes doing small computations , switching between them very quickly as events came through .
To make it efficient , it made sense for processes to be started very quickly , to be destroyed very quickly and to be able to switch them really fast .
Having them lightweight was mandatory to achieve this .
It was also mandatory because you did n't want to have things like process pools ( a fixed amount of processes you split the work between . )
Instead , it would be much easier to design programs that could use as many processes as they need .
Another important aspect of scalability is to be able to bypass your hardware 's limitations .
There are two ways to do this : make the hardware better , or add more hardware .
The first option is useful up to a certain point , after which it becomes extremely expensive ( i.e. : buying a super computer ) .
The second option is usually cheaper and requires you to add more computers to do the job .
This is where distribution can be useful to have as a part of your language .
Anyway , to get back to small processes , because telephony applications needed a lot of reliability , it was decided that the cleanest way to do things was to forbid processes from sharing memory .
Shared memory could leave things in an inconsistent state after some crashes ( especially on data shared across different nodes ) and had some complications .
Instead , processes should communicate by sending messages where all the data is copied .
This would risk being slower , but safer .
Fault - tolerance
This leads us on the second type of requirements for Erlang : reliability .
The first writers of Erlang always kept in mind that failure is common .
You can try to prevent bugs all you want , but most of the time some of them will still happen .
In the eventuality bugs do n't happen , nothing can stop hardware failures all the time .
The idea is thus to find good ways to handle errors and problems rather than trying to prevent them all .
It turns out that taking the design approach of multiple processes with message passing was a good idea , because error handling could be grafted onto it relatively easily .
Take lightweight processes ( made for quick restarts and shutdowns ) as an example .
Some studies proved that the main sources of downtime in large scale software systems are intermittent or transient bugs ( source ) .
Then , there 's a principle that says that errors which corrupt data should cause the faulty part of the system to die as fast as possible in order to avoid propagating errors and bad data to the rest of the system .
Another concept here is that there exist many different ways for a system to terminate , two of which are clean shutdowns and crashes ( terminating with an unexpected error ) .
Here the worst case is obviously the crash .
A safe solution would be to make sure all crashes are the same as clean shutdowns : this can be done through practices such as shared - nothing and single assignment ( which isolates a process ' memory ) , avoiding locks ( a lock could happen to not be unlocked during a crash , keeping other processes from accessing the data or leaving data in an inconsistent state ) and other stuff I wo n't cover more , but were all part of Erlang 's design .
Your ideal solution in Erlang is thus to kill processes as fast as possible to avoid data corruption and transient bugs .
Lightweight processes are a key element in this .
Further error handling mechanisms are also part of the language to allow processes to monitor other processes ( which are described in the Errors and Processes chapter ) , in order to know when processes die and to decide what to do about it .
Supposing restarting processes real fast is enough to deal with crashes , the next problem you get is hardware failures .
How do you make sure your program keeps running when someone kicks the computer it 's running on ?
Although a fancy defense mechanism comprising laser detection and strategically placed cacti could do the job for a while , it would not last forever .
The hint is simply to have your program running on more than one computer at once , something that was needed for scaling anyway .
This is another advantage of independent processes with no communication channel outside message passing .
You can have them working the same way whether they 're local or on a different computer , making fault tolerance through distribution nearly transparent to the programmer .
Being distributed has direct consequences on how processes can communicate with each other .
One of the biggest hurdles of distribution is that you can't assume that because a node ( a remote computer ) was there when you made a function call , it will still be there for the whole transmission of the call or that it will even execute it correctly .
Someone tripping over a cable or unplugging the machine would leave your application hanging .
Or maybe it would make it crash .
Who knows ?
Well it turns out the choice of asynchronous message passing was a good design pick there too .
Under the processes - with - asynchronous - messages model , messages are sent from one process to a second one and stored in a mailbox inside the receiving process until they are taken out to be read .
It 's important to mention that messages are sent without even checking if the receiving process exists or not because it would not be useful to do so .
As implied in the previous paragraph , it 's impossible to know if a process will crash between the time a message is sent and received .
And if it 's received , it 's impossible to know if it will be acted upon or again if the receiving process will die before that .
Asynchronous messages allow safe remote function calls because there is no assumption about what will happen ; the programmer is the one to know .
If you need to have a confirmation of delivery , you have to send a second message as a reply to the original process .
This message will have the same safe semantics , and so will any program or library you build on this principle .
Implementation
Alright , so it was decided that lightweight processes with asynchronous message passing were the approach to take for Erlang .
How to make this work ?
Well , first of all , the operating system can't be trusted to handle the processes .
Operating systems have many different ways to handle processes , and their performance varies a lot .
Most if not all of them are too slow or too heavy for what is needed by standard Erlang applications .
By doing this in the VM , the Erlang implementers keep control of optimization and reliability .
Nowadays , Erlang 's processes take about 300 words of memory each and can be created in a matter of microseconds — not something doable on major operating systems these days .
To handle all these potential processes your programs could create , the VM starts one thread per core which acts as a scheduler .
Each of these schedulers has a run queue , or a list of Erlang processes on which to spend a slice of time .
When one of the schedulers has too many tasks in its run queue , some are migrated to another one .
This is to say each Erlang VM takes care of doing all the load - balancing and the programmer does n't need to worry about it .
There are some other optimizations that are done , such as limiting the rate at which messages can be sent on overloaded processes in order to regulate and distribute the load .
All the hard stuff is in there , managed for you .
That is what makes it easy to go parallel with Erlang .
Going parallel means your program should go twice as fast if you add a second core , four times faster if there are 4 more and so on , right ?
It depends .
Such a phenomenon is named linear scaling in relation to speed gain vs. the number of cores or processors ( see the graph below . )
In real life , there is no such thing as a free lunch ( well , there are at funerals , but someone still has to pay , somewhere ) .
The difficulty of obtaining linear scaling is not due to the language itself , but rather to the nature of the problems to solve .
Problems that scale very well are often said to be embarrassingly parallel .
If you look for embarrassingly parallel problems on the Internet , you 're likely to find examples such as ray - tracing ( a method to create 3D images ) , brute - forcing searches in cryptography , weather prediction , etc .
From time to time , people then pop up in IRC channels , forums or mailing lists asking if Erlang could be used to solve that kind of problem , or if it could be used to program on a GPU .
The answer is almost always ' no ' .
The reason is relatively simple : all these problems are usually about numerical algorithms with lots of data crunching .
Erlang is not very good at this .
Erlang 's embarrassingly parallel problems are present at a higher level .
Usually , they have to do with concepts such as chat servers , phone switches , web servers , message queues , web crawlers or any other application where the work done can be represented as independent logical entities ( actors , anyone ? ) .
This kind of problem can be solved efficiently with close - to - linear scaling .
Many problems will never show such scaling properties .
In fact , you only need one centralized sequence of operations to lose it all .
Your parallel program only goes as fast as its slowest sequential part .
An example of that phenomenon is observable any time you go to a mall .
Hundreds of people can be shopping at once , rarely interfering with each other .
Then once it 's time to pay , queues form as soon as there are fewer cashiers than there are customers ready to leave .
It would be possible to add cashiers until there 's one for each customer , but then you would need a door for each customer because they could n't get inside or outside the mall all at once .
To put this another way , even though customers could pick each of their items in parallel and basically take as much time to shop whether they 're alone or a thousand in the store , they would still have to wait to pay .
Therefore their shopping experience can never be shorter than the time it takes them to wait in the queue and pay .
A generalisation of this principle is called Amdahl 's Law .
It indicates how much of a speedup you can expect your system to have whenever you add parallelism to it , and in what proportion :
According to Amdahl 's law , code that is 50 % parallel can never get faster than twice what it was before , and code that is 95 % parallel can theoretically be expected to be about 20 times faster if you add enough processors .
What 's interesting to see on this graph is how getting rid of the last few sequential parts of a program allows a relatively huge theoretical speedup compared to removing as much sequential code in a program that is not very parallel to begin with .
Do n't drink too much Kool - Aid :
Parallelism is not the answer to every problem .
In some cases , going parallel will even slow down your application .
This can happen whenever your program is 100 % sequential , but still uses multiple processes .
One of the best examples of this is the ring benchmark .
A ring benchmark is a test where many thousands of processes will pass a piece of data to one after the other in a circular manner .
Think of it as a game of telephone if you want .
In this benchmark , only one process at a time does something useful , but the Erlang VM still spends time distributing the load accross cores and giving every process its share of time .
This plays against many common hardware optimizations and makes the VM spend time doing useless stuff .
This often makes purely sequential applications run much slower on many cores than on a single one .
In this case , disabling symmetric multiprocessing ( $ erl - smp disable ) might be a good idea .
Of course , this chapter would not be complete if it would n't show the three primitives required for concurrency in Erlang : spawning new processes , sending messages , and receiving messages .
In practice there are more mechanisms required for making really reliable applications , but for now this will suffice .
I 've skipped around the issue a whole lot and I have yet to explain what a process really is .
It 's in fact nothing but a function .
That 's it .
It runs a function and once it 's done , it disappears .
Technically , a process also has some hidden state ( such as a mailbox for messages ) , but functions are enough for now .
To start a new process , Erlang provides the function spawn / 1 , which takes a single function and runs it :
1> F = fun( ) -> 2 + 2 end . # Fun<erl_eval.20.67289768 >
2 > spawn ( F ) . < 0.44.0 >
The result of spawn / 1 ( < 0.44.0 > ) is called a Process Identifier , often just written PID , Pid , or pid by the community .
The process identifier is an arbitrary value representing any process that exists ( or might have existed ) at some point in the VM 's life .
It is used as an address to communicate with the process .
You 'll notice that we can't see the result of the function F .
We only get its pid .
That 's because processes do not return anything .
How can we see the result of F then ?
Well , there are two ways .
The easiest one is to just output whatever we get :
3 > spawn ( fun ( ) -> io :format ( " ~p~n " , [ 2 + 2 ] ) end ) .
4 < 0.46.0 >
This is n't practical for a real program , but it is useful for seeing how Erlang dispatches processes .
Fortunately , using io : format / 2 is enough to let us experiment .
We 'll start 10 processes real quick and pause each of them for a while with the help of the function timer : sleep / 1 , which takes an integer value N and waits for N milliseconds before resuming code .
After the delay , the value present in the process is output .
4> G = fun( X ) -> timer:sleep ( 10 ) , io : format ( " ~p~n " , [ X ] ) end .
# Fun<erl_eval.6.13229925 > 5 > [ spawn ( fun ( ) -> G( X ) end ) || X <- lists : seq ( 1,10 ) ] .
[ < 0.273.0 >,<0.274.0>,<0.275.0>,<0.276.0>,< 0.277.0 > , < 0.278.0>,<0.279.0>,<0.280.0>,<0.281.0 >,<0.282.0 >]
2 1 4 3 5 8 7 6 10 9
The order does n't make sense .
Welcome to parallelism .
Because the processes are running at the same time , the ordering of events is n't guaranteed anymore .
That 's because the Erlang VM uses many tricks to decide when to run a process or another one , making sure each gets a good share of time .
Many Erlang services are implemented as processes , including the shell you 're typing in .
Your processes must be balanced with those the system itself needs and this might be the cause of the weird ordering .
Note : the results are similar whether symmetric multiprocessing is enabled or not .
To prove it , you can just test it out by starting the Erlang VM with $ erl - smp disable .
To see if your Erlang VM runs with or without SMP support in the first place , start a new VM without any options and look for the first line output .
If you can spot the text [ smp : 2:2 ] [ rq : 2 ] , it means you 're running with SMP enabled , and that you have 2 run queues ( rq , or schedulers ) running on two cores .
If you only see [ rq : 1 ] , it means you 're running with SMP disabled .
If you wanted to know , [ smp : 2:2 ] means there are two cores available , with two schedulers .
[ rq : 2 ] means there are two run queues active .
In earlier versions of Erlang , you could have multiple schedulers , but with only one shared run queue .
Since R13B , there is one run queue per scheduler by default ; this allows for better parallelism .
To prove the shell itself is implemented as a regular process , I 'll use the BIF self / 0 , which returns the pid of the current process :
6 > self ( ) . < 0.41.0 > 7 > exit( self ( ) ) .
** exception exit : < 0.41.0 > 8 > self ( ) .
< 0.285.0 >
And the pid changes because the process has been restarted .
The details of how this works will be seen later .
For now , there 's more basic stuff to cover .
The most important one right now is to figure out how to send messages around , because nobody wants to be stuck with outputting the resulting values of processes all the time , and then entering them by hand in other processes ( at least I know I do n't . )
The next primitive required to do message passing is the operator ! , also known as the bang symbol .
On the left - hand side it takes a pid and on the right - hand side it takes any Erlang term .
The term is then sent to the process represented by the pid , which can access it :
9 > self ( ) !
hello .
hello
The message has been put in the process ' mailbox , but it has n't been read yet .
The second hello shown here is the return value of the send operation .
This means it is possible to send the same message to many processes by doing :
10 > self ( ) ! self ( ) !
double .
double
Which is equivalent to self ( ) ! ( self ( ) ! double ) .
A thing to note about a process ' mailbox is that the messages are kept in the order they are received .
Every time a message is read it is taken out of the mailbox .
Again , this is a bit similar to the introduction 's example with people writing letters .
To see the contents of the current mailbox , you can use the flush ( ) command while in the shell :
11 > flush ( ) .
Shell got hello
Shell got double
Shell got double ok
This function is just a shortcut that outputs received messages .
This means we still can't bind the result of a process to a variable , but at least we know how to send it from a process to another one and check if it 's been received .
Sending messages that nobody will read is as useful as writing emo poetry ; not a whole lot .
This is why we need the receive statement .
Rather than playing for too long in the shell , we 'll write a short program about dolphins to learn about it :
- module ( dolphins ) . - compile ( export_all ) .
dolphin1 ( ) -> receive do_a_flip -> io : format ( " How about no ? ~n " ) ; fish -> io : format
( " So long and thanks for all the fish ! ~n " ) ; _ -> io : format ( " Heh , we 're smarter than you humans . ~n " ) end .
As you can see , receive is syntactically similar to case ... of .
In fact , the patterns work exactly the same way except they bind variables coming from messages rather than the expression between case and of .
Receives can also have guards :
receive Pattern1 when Guard1 -> Expr1 ; Pattern2 when Guard2 -> Expr2 ; Pattern3 -> Expr3 end
We can now compile the above module , run it , and start communicating with dolphins :
11 > c( dolphins ) .
{ok , dolphins} 12 > Dolphin = spawn ( dolphins , dolphin1 , [ ] ) . < 0.40.0 > 13 > Dolphin !
" oh , hello dolphin ! " .
Heh , we 're smarter than you humans .
" oh , hello dolphin ! " 14 > Dolphin !
fish .
fish 15 >
Here we introduce a new way of spawning with spawn / 3 .
Rather than taking a single function , spawn / 3 takes the module , function and its arguments as its own arguments .
Once the function is running , the following events take place :
The function hits the receive statement .
Given the process ' mailbox is empty , our dolphin waits until it gets a message ;
The message " oh , hello dolphin ! " is received .
The function tries to pattern match against do_a_flip .
This fails , and so the pattern fish is tried and also fails .
Finally , the message meets the catch - all clause ( _ ) and matches .
The process outputs the message " Heh , we 're smarter than you humans . "
Then it should be noted that if the first message we sent worked , the second provoked no reaction whatsoever from the process < 0.40.0 > .
This is due to the fact once our function output " Heh , we 're smarter than you humans . " , it terminated and so did the process .
We 'll need to restart the dolphin :
8> f( Dolphin ) . ok 9 > Dolphin = spawn ( dolphins , dolphin1 , [ ] ) . < 0.53.0 > 10 > Dolphin !
fish .
So long and thanks for all the fish !
fish
And this time the fish message works .
Would n't it be useful to be able to receive a reply from the dolphin rather than having to use io : format / 2 ?
Of course it would ( why am I even asking ? )
I 've mentioned earlier in this chapter that the only manner to know if a process had received a message is to send a reply .
Our dolphin process will need to know who to reply to .
This works like it does with the postal service .
If we want someone to know answer our letter , we need to add our address .
In Erlang terms , this is done by packaging a process ' pid in a tuple .
The end result is a message that looks a bit like { Pid , Message} .
Let 's create a new dolphin function that will accept such messages :
dolphin2 ( ) -> receive { From , do_a_flip} ->
From !
" How about no ? " ; { From , fish} -> From !
" So long and thanks for all the fish ! " ; _ -> io : format ( " Heh , we 're smarter than you humans . ~n " ) end .
As you can see , rather than accepting do_a_flip and fish for messages , we now require a variable From .
That 's where the process identifier will go .
11 > c( dolphins ) .
{ok , dolphins} 12 > Dolphin2 = spawn ( dolphins , dolphin2 , [ ] ) . < 0.65.0 > 13 > Dolphin2 ! { self ( ) , do_a_flip} .
{ < 0.32.0 >, do_a_flip} 14 > flush ( ) .
Shell got " How about no ? " ok
It seems to work pretty well .
We can receive replies to messages we sent ( we need to add an address to each message ) , but we still need to start a new process for each call .
Recursion is the way to solve this problem .
We just need the function to call itself so it never ends and always expects more messages .
Here 's a function dolphin3/0 that puts this in practice :
dolphin3 ( ) -> receive { From , do_a_flip} ->
From !
" How about no ? " , dolphin3 ( ) ; { From , fish} -> From !
" So long and thanks for all the fish ! " ; _ -> io : format ( " Heh , we 're smarter than you humans . ~n " ) , dolphin3 ( ) end .
Here the catch - all clause and the do_a_flip clause both loop with the help of dolphin3/0 .
Note that the function will not blow the stack because it is tail recursive .
As long as only these messages are sent , the dolphin process will loop indefinitely .
However , if we send the fish message , the process will stop :
15 > Dolphin3 = spawn ( dolphins , dolphin3 , [ ] ) . < 0.75.0 > 16 > Dolphin3 ! Dolphin3 ! { self ( ) , do_a_flip} .
{ < 0.32.0 >, do_a_flip} 17 > flush ( ) .
Shell got " How about no ? "
Shell got " How about no ? " ok 18 > Dolphin3 ! { self ( ) , unknown_message} .
Heh , we 're smarter than you humans .
{< 0.32.0>,unknown_message} 19 > Dolphin3 ! Dolphin3 ! { self ( ) , fish} . { < 0.32.0 > , fish} 20 > flush ( ) .
Shell got " So long and thanks for all the fish ! " ok
And that should be it for dolphins.erl .
As you see , it does respect our expected behavior of replying once for every message and keep going afterwards , except for the fish call .
The dolphin got fed up with our crazy human antics and left us for good .
There you have it .
This is the core of all of Erlang 's concurrency .
We 've seen processes and basic message passing .
There are more concepts to see in order to make truly useful and reliable programs .
We 'll see some of them in the next chapter , and more in the chapters after that .
The University of Ballarat has published a research paper claiming 89 percent of BitTorrent files it studied during a certain period were confirmed to infringe copyright , a result immediately hailed by the Australian Federation Against Copyright
Theft as a victory in its war against file sharing .
In the report — available in full online from AFACT ’s web site ( PDF ) — researchers from the university ’s Internet Commerce Security Laboratory analysed the most popular BitTorrent trackers on the Torrentz website on April 21st , 2010 and scraped the information from them .
Torrentz is a search engine which combines results from many different BitTorrent search engines , so the BitTorrent servers traced by the University of Ballarat consisted of sites as diverse as Demonoid , MightyNova , TorrentBay , BitReactor and so on .
It appears that more than a million individual torrent files were tracked from the servers .
But in the end , the university found that just 4 percent of torrents — more than 15,000 — were responsible for 90 percent of seeders .
In the BitTorrent system , a seeder is a BitTorrent use who has downloaded all of one file and is now hosting it rather than simultaneously downloading chunks .
“ In summary , our results indicate that 89 percent of all torrents from our sample are confirmed to be infringing copyright , both by the number of files and total number of current seeders , ” wrote the university in its paper .
“ Of the torrents in the top three categories ( movies , music and TV shows ) , there were no legal torrents in the sample . ”
According to Paul Watters , director of the laboratory , a total of 117 million downloads had been completed across more than one million torrent files .
AFACT — which represents a number of content providers such as film and television studios , including Village Roadshow , which assisted the university with its work , immediately jumped on the paper , stating it showed that legitimate use of the BitTorrent software was minor .
“ All it takes is an internet connection and the BitTorrent software to efficiently distributing large files amongst users , ” said Neil Gane , executive director of AFACT .
“ It may be a legitimate software but , as we have always maintained , it is the preferred software for sharing unauthorised copyright content .
The research found that movies and TV shows made up 72 % of all torrent traffic yet not one copy was legitimate . ”
And actor Roy Billing — who has had roles in Underbelly , for example , said file sharing was having “ a detremental effect on the movie and TV industry ” , with “ no returns ” going back to content creators .
iiNet ramps up
The news comes as iiNet — which has been enmeshed in an ongoing court case with AFACT over claims its customers infringed copyright through BitTorrent — this week stepped up a war of words with the organisation .
Yesterday iiNet chief executive Michael Malone posted a link ( PDF ) to a letter iiNet chief regulatory officer Steve Dalby had written in reaction to an article involving AFACT in industry newsletter Communications Day yesterday .
In the article , AFACT said it wanted to see ISPs collaborate with content providers on an industry code to tackle copyright infringement .
Malone described the letter as Dalby responding to “ AFACT bullshit ” .
“ AFACT ’s poor attempts to present itself as the voice of reason are belied by their ongoing negative and unproductive behaviour , ” wrote Dalby .
“ This disconnection from reality is not difficult to spot . ”
“ AFACT have made it very clear — their idea of cooperation is for ISPs to disconnect their customers when they demand it .
If we do n’t do their bidding they ’ll tie ISPs up in the courts .
That ’s not cooperation , that ’s an attempt at coercion and is , therefore , a poor model for a commercial relationship or an industry code of conduct . ”
Image credit : myuibe , Creative Commons
Firms hired 2.7 former government staffers for every member of Congress — in one year
Want to know why Congress tends to tread lightly when it comes to regulating major US banks and financial services firms ?
Perhaps you need look no further than the number of lobbyists the financial services industry employs .
According to a report released Thursday by Public Citizen and the Center for Responsive Politics , the financial industry hired 1,447 former federal employees to lobby on its behalf in 2009 alone .
ADVERTISEMENT
Seventy - three of those are former members of Congress .
According to the report , this means that there is one former member of Congress for every eight current members of Congress working for money management firms .
“ This small army of registered financial services sector lobbyists includes at least 73 former members of Congress , of whom 17 served on the banking committees of either the U.S. House of Representatives or the Senate , ” Public Citizen said in their release .
“ At least 66 industry lobbyists worked for these committees as staffers , while 82 additional lobbyists once worked for congressional members who currently serve on these key committees . ”
“ Further , at least 42 financial services lobbyists formerly served in some capacity in the U.S. Treasury Department , ” the group added .
“ At least seven served in the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency , including two former comptrollers . ”
Ã¢â‚ ¬Å“ Companies pay a premium for lobbyists whoÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢ve spun through the revolving door because it can be a small price to pay relative to the huge payoff if they can shape legislation , ” Sheila Krumholz , executive director of the Center for Responsive Politics , said in a statement .
“ These lobbyists tap insider knowledge and personal relationships , knowing that their old friends and former co-workers wonÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢t want to let them down .
Ã¢â‚¬Â
In May , the Associated Press also noted that the financial services industry has outdone every other industry in donations to political campaigns .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The financial sector ’s influence in Washington reflects its enormous donations and lobbying , ” the wire service wrote .
“ Over the past two decades , it ’s given $ 2.3 billion to federal candidates .
It ’s outdone every other industry in lobbying since 1998 , having spent $ 3.8 billion . ”
On Friday , The Washington Post gave a run down of the most prominent names now working for the industry .
They include two former Senate majority leaders and two former House speakers — the most powerful legislative positions in the land .
Some of the biggest names highlighted in the study include former Senate majority leaders Robert J. Dole ( R - Kan . ) and Trent Lott ( R - Miss . ) ; former House majority leaders Richard K. Armey ( R - Texas ) and Richard A. Gephardt ( D - Mo. ) ; and former House speaker J. Dennis Hastert ( R - Ill . ) .
Ex -Rep. Vin Weber ( R - Minn. ) has the largest number of financial - services clients of any former lawmaker , representing 13 companies and groups , including Deloitte , Ernst & Young and the Real Estate Roundtable , the report shows .
The revolving door is evident in almost every major issue that comes before Congress , from regulation of the coal industry to the auto industry to the health - care sector .
But the sheer scale of the overlap within the financial sector is remarkable :
For every sitting member of Congress , the study shows , there are three former colleagues or government staffers lobbying for banks .
ADVERTISEMENT
The full report is available here .
The Theory of Free Banking
Tweet
George Selgin ’s 1988 book , The Theory of Free Banking : Money Supply under Competitive Note Issue , is now available on - line , free , at the Online Library of Liberty .
This development deserves loud applause , for this book is a major work contributing to our understanding not only of free banking , but of banking and money more generally .
( George completed the first draft of this book – which was his dissertation at NYU – when he and I shared an apartment during our first years as young assistant professors at George Mason .
I still vividly remember – from 1985 and 1986 , a time before it was common to store such documents digitally – the brown box that George used to carry his dissertation .
He was very protective of that brown box .
Now , just a quarter - century later , the entire contents of what was once housed so carefully in that brown box is available on line , free of charge , the world over .
How marvelous ! )
Comments
Rebel with a cause - How To Be A Moral Radical Updated 01/10/2017
We are going to list personal attributes , which if followed , may turn you into a radical of sorts and lead into you making a positive difference in the world .
Be warned , however .
By following the guidelines in this article you will not always find yourself sticking safely with the crowd .
Like trusting sheep , " the crowd " just tends to follow along with things , not question much , not find out things for themselves , or come to their own informed decisions .
If you follow these guidelines what you will be is a moral radical and in the same category with some notable people over the ages that have made a positive difference in the world people whose names you find in history books .
Can you think of a single individual Jesus Christ included that have made a major difference in history that have simply followed the crowd who did n't make waves or challenge the status quo when it needed to be challenged ?
We are going to be using the word transpersonal , mostly because that one word will save a lot of other words .
By transpersonal we are referring to habitually thinking beyond the self or the " I . "
1 . To move to a transpersonal perspective you must dissolve limited " us " and " them " perspectives
animosity toward other races , religions , and cultures .
We recommend that you spend time each day working toward a transpersonal view .
A good place to start would be to view some highly - rated films such as Welcome to Sarajevo with Woody Harrelson , Beyond Borders with Angelina Jolie , or documentaries on these topics .
There are many more , of course , but these come immediately to mind .
2 . A transpersonal view includes a concern for global events and conditions rather than strictly local or nationalistic interests
conditions that cause strife , bloodshed , and war
the health and wellbeing of people in general
a more equitable distribution of food and wealth in the world
a healthier environment
better education for more people
health care for people in need People that consider themselves Christian might seriously ask themselves , " What would Jesus do ? "
Avoid these issues ?
Try not to think about them ?
Go about His business as if nothing were wrong ?
As the bumper sticker says , " Question Authority . "
Whose best interests do our authorities really have in mind ?
Are they truly transpersonal , or are they primarily servicing their own interests and ungenerous party or organization affiliations ?
Although religion should be the great healer , it often ends up being the great divider .
Question religious beliefs that do n't allow free and open discussions , that preach blind obedience , or that can't explain major moral inconsistencies in their beliefs .
Such things have resulted in and are continuing to result in some of history 's greatest atrocities .
Do you know how other countries view happenings in the United States ?
You might be surprised .
Do n't automatically assume that because their views differ from yours that they are wrong or that their sources of information are distorted or incorrect .
They may be ; they may not be .
3 . Work for change within the system .
You might be amazed at how many people are just waiting to join with you to make a positive difference .
Participate in non-violent protests to bring public attention to social and economic injustice wherever it exists .
This may mean that you will try to see that people are put ahead of corporate profits .
All this is much easier , of course , when you have the force of unfettered morality on your side .
4 . Support people especially leaders that demonstrate transpersonal views and actions .
This includes politicians who work for ( and not just talk about ) positive social change , a cleaner environment , good health care , better education , alternative forms of energy and energy conservation , and making trade agreements that are fair to other countries and not just designed to inflate short - term corporate profits .
This support includes writing letters , sending e-mail , or even making telephone calls .
It may include protesting self - serving policies that are contrary to these things .
5 . Join with people and groups that share these goals .
Discuss ; share ideas ; look at films such as the ones above and agree on action .
Finally , it 's important to keep in mind these levels of moral development , which lead to a transpersonal view .
We 'll mention another film last because , although highly rated , is very hard to watch .
It 's raw , it 's real , it contains bloody scenes , it 's full of tragedy , and it includes profanity .
The title is , Living in Emergency : Stories of Doctors Without Borders .
It 's available on Netflix .
To Home Page © 2017 , All Rights Reserved
A well - known cryptographic attack could be used by hackers to log into Web applications used by millions of users , according to two security experts who plan to discuss the issue at an upcoming security conference .
Researchers Nate Lawson and Taylor Nelson say they 've discovered a basic security flaw that affects dozens of open - source software libraries -- including those used by software that implements the OAuth and OpenID standards -- that are used to check passwords and user names when people log into websites .
OAuth and OpenID authentication are accepted by popular Web sites such as Twitter and Digg .
They found that some versions of these login systems are vulnerable to what 's known as a timing attack .
Cryptographers have known about timing attacks for 25 years , but they are generally thought to be very hard to pull off over a network .
The researchers aim to show that 's not the case .
The attack is thought to be so difficult because it requires very precise measurements .
It cracks authentication tokens by measuring the time it takes for a computer to verify a digital signature .
On some systems , the server will check a cryptographic signature on a token sent by the user to prove that he has logged into the system .
It will kick back an error message as soon as it spots a bad character .
This means a computer returns an error for a completely bad token a tiny bit faster than one where the first character is correct .
By submitting signatures again and again , cycling through characters and measuring the time it takes for the computer to respond , hackers can ultimately figure out the correct digital signature .
The attack lets someone masquerade as a legitimate Web site user without actually having to log in .
This all sounds very theoretical , but timing attacks can actually succeed in the real world .
Three years ago , one was used to hack Microsoft 's Xbox 360 gaming system , and people who build smart cards have added timing attack protection for years .
But Internet developers have long assumed that there are too many other factors -- called network jitter -- that slow down or speed up response times and make it almost impossible to get the kind of precise results , where nanoseconds make a difference , required for a successful timing attack .
Those assumptions are wrong , according to Lawson , founder of the security consultancy Root Labs .
He and Nelson tested attacks over the Internet , local - area networks and in cloud computing environments and found they were able to crack passwords in all the environments by using algorithms to weed out the network jitter .
They plan to discuss their attacks at the Black Hat conference later this month in Las Vegas .
" I really think people need to see exploits of it to see that this is a problem they need to fix , " Lawson said .
He says he focused on these types of Web applications precisely because they are so often thought to be invulnerable to timing attacks .
" I wanted to reach the people who were least aware of it , " he said .
The researchers also found that queries made to programs written in interpreted languages such as Python or Ruby -- both very popular on the Web -- generated responses much more slowly than other types of languages such as C or assembly language , making timing attacks more feasible .
" For languages that are interpreted , you end up with a much greater timing difference than people thought , " Lawson said .
Still , these attacks are nothing that most people should worry about , according to Yahoo Director of Standards Eran Hammer - Lahav , a contributor to both the OAuth and OpenID projects .
" I am not concerned by it , " he wrote in an e-mail message .
" I do not think any large provider is using any of the open source libraries for their server - side implementation , and even if they did , this is not a trivial attack to execute . "
Lawson and Nelson have notified the software developers affected by the problem , but will not release the names of vulnerable products until they are fixed .
For most of the libraries affected , the fix is simple : Program the system to take the same amount of time to return both correct and incorrect passwords .
This can be done in about six lines of code , Lawson said .
Interestingly , the researchers found that cloud - based applications could be more vulnerable to these type of attacks because services like Amazon EC2 and Slicehost give the attackers a way to get close to their targets , thus reducing network jitter .
Lawson and Nelson are n't saying before their talk at Black Hat how precise their timing measurements were , but there are actually reasons it might be harder to pull off this type of attack in the cloud , according to Scott Morrison , CTO with Layer 7 Technologies , a cloud - computing security provider .
Because many different virtual systems and applications are competing for computing resources in the cloud , it can be hard to get reliable results , he said .
" All of those things work to help mitigate this particular ... attack because it just adds unpredictability to the whole system . "
Still , he said this type of research is important because it shows how an attack , that seems almost impossible to some , really can work .
Robert McMillan covers computer security and general technology breaking news for The IDG News Service .
Follow Robert on Twitter at @bobmcmillan .
Robert 's e-mail address is robert_mcmillan@idg.com
Tell Disney to Just Say No to The Palin Show !
Discovery Channel is giving a nature show to Sarah Palin , and paying her more than $ 1 million per episode .
Yes , Sarah “ Drill , Baby , Drill ” Palin .
They ’re actually going to air it on The Learning Channel , of all places .
And if you visit Disneyland or buy a Mickey Mouse watch , you may be be paying for it , unless you take action now .
Disney is a long - time advertiser on The Learning Channel , and unless the company specifically demands that its ads not be shown during this Palin show , that ad revenue may be funding this monstrosity .
We can stop this .
Disney is very sensitive to customer feedback , and has done the right thing in the past when challenged .
Write Disney today , and demand it not support this show .
Look , it ’s one thing if Fox News gives Sarah Palin a platform .
But when Discovery Communications – home to the Discovery Channel , the “ Planet Earth ” series , the Science Channel , Animal Planet , and TreeHugger.com – gives a show to Sarah Palin , it undercuts everything the Discovery brand has come to represent .
This show will allow Sarah Palin to greenwash her horrible environmental record , and earn millions in the process .
Advertisers respond to pressure .
Even ones as big as Disney .
If we can show Disney that enough people are appalled by this show , and would be equally appalled by those who support it , Disney will make the smart choice .
This tactic has worked before , and it can work this time .
Send a letter today , spread the word , and tell Disney , “ nil , baby , nil ” when it comes to ad dollars for this drivel .
Sign the petition here …
MyBankTracker Blog
Deck Loans : Financing Options for Building a New Deck Learn about the different deck loans and financing option available to help you pay for the construction of a new deck for your home .
Valencia Patrice Higuera
Geoff Williams Tesla Insurance : How to Get Auto Insurance for Your Telsa Vehicle
So you ’re buying an electric car from Tesla when the salesperson or maybe the ...
Learn How to Travel for Free Download our guide to learn how to travel using credit card rewards .
Download Now
Open Enrollment Period : Why It 's So Important for Health Insurance Find out how the open enrollment period may apply to when you 're able to apply for health insurance coverage outside of any qualifying special events .
Kevin Mercadante
LendUp Personal Loan Review : Payday Loan Alternative
Our review of LendUp personal loans looks at the payday loan alternative and its fees , repayment terms , and eligibility requirements .
Valencia Patrice Higuera
Kevin Mercadante What Smokers Should Know About Buying Life Insurance
If you ’re a smoker and you have n’t shopped for life insurance , you ’ll be in for a ...
Rebecca Lake SoFi Invest Review : Low Costs for All Types of Investors
If you 've ever looked into getting a personal loan or refinancing student loans , ...
Who Should Have Survivorship ( Joint ) Life Insurance ?
Learn how survivorship life insurance ( also known as joint life insurance ) works and who should consider this type of policy .
Lance Cothern
Earnin App Review : Payday Advance for the Full - Time Employed
Our review looks at Earnin and its mobile app for borrowers who need cash as a moment 's notice through a payday advance -- including fees and special features .
Valencia Patrice Higuera
Lance Cothern Life Insurance vs. Annuities : How Are They Different ?
If you ’re drawing up your retirement plan , you may have been subjected to a sales ...
Valencia Patrice Higuera Swimming Pool Loan : How to Finance a Swimming Pool Installing a swimming pool in your backyard creates your own outdoor oasis .
As you ...
How and Why to Convert Term Life to Permanent Life Insurance Find out why you might consider converting a term life insurance policy to a permanent life insurance policy and what you can expect from the conversion .
Kevin Mercadante
What The Payroll Tax Deferral Really Means for Your Paycheck Find out what the payroll tax deferral , under President Trump 's executive order , will affect you and your paycheck for the next year .
Lance Cothern
Lance Cothern How Hybrid Life Insurance Can Also Pay for Long - Term Care
As you plan for your financial future , you may have come across some scary ...
Rebecca Lake Stockpile Review : Invest Small With Fractional Shares Investing can help you build wealth .
But one misconception is that you need a lot ...
Roof Loans : How to Finance Roof Repairs or Replacements With a Personal Loan
Find out how to finance a roof repair or replacement with roof loans through personal loans , home equity loans , HELOCs , and other borrowing alternatives .
Valencia Patrice Higuera
Life Insurance & Suicide : Does Life Insurance Pay for Suicidal Death ?
Learn how life insurance companies handle policyholders who commit suicide and how suicidal death affects the benefits payout to beneficiaries .
Lance Cothern
Rebecca Lake Webull Review : No Commission Fees Paying a financial advisor to manage your portfolio can be costly .
That 's what ...
Valencia Patrice Higuera How Loss - of - Use Coverage Works With Homeowners Insurance Homeowner ’s insurance is a necessity when you own a home .
It covers damages to ...
SR - 22 Coverage and Car Insurance for High - Risk Drivers Learn about SR - 22 coverage as an add - on to your car insurance policy when you 're considered a high - risk driver due to serious infractions , such as DUIs .
Kevin Mercadante
Bethpage Federal Credit Union Personal Loans Review : No Fees With Flexible Terms
Our review of Bethpage Federal Credit Union personal loans looks at the borrowing amounts , repayment periods , fees , and membership requirements .
Thomas ( TJ ) Porter
Kevin Mercadante
What is a Life Insurance Waiting Period ?
Just about any type of life insurance policy you purchase will come with a ...
Rebecca Lake DiversyFund Review : for Investors Focused on Real Estates
Online investing platforms make it easy to DIY your own portfolio .
And it 's even ...
How to Avoid Life Insurance Fraud Learn about the most common types of insurance fraud and how you can avoid them so that the beneficiaries receive the death benefits properly .
Geoff Williams
Compare Types of Health Insurance Plans : HMOs vs. PPOs vs. EPOs
Compare the different types of health insurance plans that are available , including HMOs , PPOs , EPOs , and POS plans and their network coverages and costs .
Valencia Patrice Higuera
Lance Cothern Split - Dollar Life Insurance Plans : How Do They Work ?
Getting life insurance from a life insurance company can help protect the finances ...
Thomas ( TJ ) Porter How to Invest in Hedge Funds
If you follow investing news , you ’ve probably heard the term hedge fund before ....
Vision Insurance : Do You Need It ?
Find out how vision insurance works to maintain your eyesight and determine whether you should pay the additional premiums or pay out - of - pocket .
Kevin Mercadante
Personal Guarantees : How They Affect Your Business Loans Learn how personal guarantees work when it comes to applying for business loans .
Find out how it ties in with your personal credit too .
Geoff Williams
A wiki node with the titlecould not be found .
Please check the URL and try again or return to the wiki index
Turkey announced Thursday that it was suspending all its joint government projects with Israel in the infrastructure and energy field , the country 's energy minister said .
The decision was taken in response to the Gaza flotilla incident , he said .
" At times where we are focused on humanitarian aspects … we cannot talk about commercial and economic matters , " the minister said .
The projects suspended include a water initiative that was to see Israel receive water from Turkey , as well as a natural gas pipeline to Israel .
However , the boycott does not include transactions involving non-governmental companies , the minister said .
The Turkish response is also expected to affect security and defense cooperation between the countries on the economic front .
" Officials at our defense industries and in the Defense Ministry already realize that in the near future there will be no significant contracts with the Turkish Defense Ministry , " a defense official told Calcalist earlier this week .
Meanwhile , the Turkish finance minister on Thursday said he was not worried about Turkey 's economy being harmed by the deteriorated relations with Israel .
" I do n't think that we would see a major impact from the Israeli incident , " Mehmet Simsek said in a press conference following a convention on global recession and it effects on the Turkish economy .
" We will be receiving maybe twice as many as tourists from the Middle Eastern countries than we expect to receive from Israel .
Besides , Israel 's share in Turkey 's economy is minimal – around one percent – as for in tourism , bilateral trade or in foreign direct investments , " he said .
" Relations between Turkey and Israel would never be the same again .
Israel will have to face the consequences of its actions , " he added .
Titusmaster6 Profile Blog Joined September 2007 United States 5023 Posts # 2 Interesting .
It 's crazy to see Bisu ranked so low and no snow ?
I guess he has n't played enough games yet .
Shorts down shorts up , BOOM , just like that .
flamewheel Profile Blog Joined December 2009 FREEAGLELAND 25156 Posts # 3 GORUSH .
NADA
IDRA YESSSSSS
Though really nothing too revolutionary .
Jaedong catches up to Flash soon , I believe !
Writer damn , i was two days from retirement
TheNessman Profile Blog Joined May 2009 United States 4157 Posts # 4 good for action .
confused about light ....
besides that I 'm pretty happy , the ones i like are moving up !
~~!
youtube.com/xmungam1 !~~
HeadhunteR Profile Blog Joined October 2009 Argentina 1226 Posts # 5 lol flash is sooo above the average ... he is almost twice No4 Effort .. in The Kong line forever
Rio Profile Blog Joined June 2010 Vietnam 598 Posts # 6 Lol Idra + 19
He did n't play SC BW for a while What ever ---------------------------------------------------™
gn0 m Profile Joined January 2008 Sweden 302 Posts Last Edited : 2010-07-01 07:55:00 # 7 was doing better then this Two Protoss in top 10 is sad .
I thought free was doing better then this -_-
konadora Profile Blog Joined February 2009 Singapore 50092 Posts # 8 lol nal_ra POGGERS
Bifur Profile Blog Joined August 2007 Russian Federation 1208 Posts Last Edited : 2010-07-01 08:40:09 #9
Terran - 10 persons
Protoss - 10 persons
Zerg - 10 persons PERFECT BALANCE : Terran - 10 personsProtoss - 10 personsZerg - 10 persons
Zalfor Profile Blog Joined October 2005 United States 1034 Posts # 10 nal_ra up woot 555 , kthxbai
konadora Profile Blog Joined February 2009 Singapore 50092 Posts # 11 wait why is idra there
and nal_ra for that matter
prelim games are counted ?
POGGERS
Iplaythings Profile Blog Joined August 2009 Denmark 7753 Posts # 12 On July 01 2010 17:42 konadora wrote :
wait why is idra there
and nal_ra for that matter
prelim games are counted ?
obviously , but what was the results for rA anyways ?
Didnt see it live and didnt show in thread obviously , but what was the results for rA anyways ?
Didnt see it live and didnt show in thread
In the woods , there lurks ..
maneatingshoe Profile Joined April 2009 Canada 474 Posts # 13 On July 01 2010 17:39 Bifur wrote :
PERFECT BALANCE :
Terran - 10 persons
Protoss - 10 persons
Zerg - 10 persons PERFECT BALANCE : Terran - 10 personsProtoss - 10 personsZerg - 10 persons
good observation ,
It still always blows me away that this game is almost perfectly balanced :D good observation ,
It still always blows me away that this game is almost perfectly balanced :D
worldEnder Profile Joined July 2010 Australia 72 Posts # 14 hyuk got hyuked to a better rank !!
cholera must be swooning .
jaedong 's dong is so baller .
Ozarugold Profile Blog Joined February 2008 2716 Posts # 15 Action the biggest mover in top 30 .
Nice ~
Also , it 's almost sad to see Calm still ranked so high after his performance the last few weeks ...er ... months .
And Jaedong is catching up to Flash !
this is my quote .
chongu Profile Blog Joined February 2009 Malaysia 2537 Posts # 16 10 . ( Z ) Kwanro 1,395.00 - 1
wtf ... kespa rank ... dunno why i bother wtf ... kespa rank ... dunno why i bother SC2 is to BW , what coke is to wine .
FaCE_1 Profile Blog Joined December 2006 Canada 5472 Posts # 17 baby not in top10 yet ?
n_n
icystorage Profile Blog Joined November 2008 Jollibee 8018 Posts # 18 leta keeps falling down the ranks LiquidDota Staff
Are you ready for a Miracle - ?
We are !
The International 2017 Champions !
Pit667 Profile Joined March 2009 Poland 130 Posts # 19 On July 01 2010 18:21 Ozarugold wrote :
Action the biggest mover in top 30 .
Nice ~
And Jaedong is catching up to Flash !
Lol are you stupid or what ??
Lol are you stupid or what ??
우정호 KT_VIOLET 1988 - 2012
XiaoJoyce - Profile Blog Joined December 2009 China 2900 Posts # 20
He dyed his hair black and not doing an interview for 1 month .
I feel further apart from him .
Keke , he win today .
Although barely but at least there is interview .
Dual gold fighting !!
I need Flash interview >.
Pew !
Pew !
Chitty Chitty Bang Bang !
1 2 3 4 Next All
Updated and amended 18 June
Following allegations in the Wall Street Journal last June , Nokia - Siemens Networks has admitted that it sold surveillance technology to Iranian mobile phone operators .
The technology was used by the regime in Tehran to track down dissidents during the widespread protests that followed last year ’s contested re-election of Mahmud Ahmadinejad .
At least 36 people were killed in a brutal crackdown by the authorities .
While Nokia ’s admission is welcome , the EU and the USA also shoulder some responsibility .
As Gus Hosein of Privacy International has pointed out , “ everyone got angry at Nokia , while forgetting that they had built those [ surveillance capacities because of ] demands from our own governments ” .
The demands in question , on the “ lawful interception of telecommunications ” , were drawn - up by the FBI and European governments in the early 1990s and transposed into EU law , placing an obligation on all telecommunications service providers to give law enforcement agencies real - time surveillance capabilities .
The result is that all mobile phone networks can easily be fitted with this kind of “ backdoor ” .
At a hearing in the European Parliament , Barry French , head of marketing and corporate affairs with Nokia - Siemens Networks , told MEPs that the company found itself “ in a tricky situation ” and that it “ needed their help ” to “ navigate in these challenging times ” .
Reporters without borders duly called for some kind of “ voluntary code of conduct ” addressing the supply of surveillance equipment to repressive regimes .
In an era in which the Homeland Security sector is growing so rapidly as to begin to rival the arms industry , this is spectacularly unambitious .
As the recent Finmeccanica deal with Libya shows , European defence and security contractors are only to happy to supply repressive regimes with everything from border control and surveillance equipment , detention centres to UAVs .
What is needed is a stringent regulatory regime recognising that a whole host of new security technologies and equipment can result in gross human violations , and one that restricts their supply accordingly .
Outlawing the international trade of policing and security equipment designed for torture and ill - treatment is a good start , but it falls far short of what is needed .
Unfortunately the EU is so preoccupied with developing a competitive homeland security industry that can compete in the global marketplace , it has paid no attention whatsoever as to where these products end up .
You have to hand it to Motorola ; as little as a year ago their future looked bleak .
Android was still in its infancy and lacking polish , mainstream devices running it were few , and there were n’t public or visible signs of any forthcoming devices which would challenge the dominance of BlackBerry or iOS , especially from Motorola .
A few months later , they launched the Motorola Droid , and a few months after the floodgates opened up - out has poured a steady stream of relatively polished devices running Android 2.x .
It ’s been breakneck almost , with new flagships every 3 months on average - the latest is Motorola ’s Droid X on Verizon - henceforth just ' X . '
You also have to hand it to Verizon for getting its act together .
Previously , they were infamous for crippling device hardware and OSes - the Touch Pro notoriously lacked an entire row of keys , and half the RAM .
Their smartphone lineup also used to consist entirely of BlackBerries and Windows Mobile devices .
That ’s all changed .
Since the first Motorola Droid , they ’ve been probably the single most vocal proponent of Android , embracing and billing their lineup of “ Droids ” as serious iPhone alternatives .
The unique combination of being the largest carrier and the largest 3G footprint ( and the perception of having above average coverage ) has resulted in massive growth of the Android platform .
That ’s definitely a turnaround for two giants .
Eight months after launch , the Motorola Droid is now a relatively old piece of kit .
It ’s amazing how fast the market is moving - the fact that an 8 month old handset is now obsolete is a testament to just how breakneck this pace is .
Motorola and HTC are now locked in a battle for dominance of the Android segment on the nation ’s largest carrier .
On one side is the HTC Incredible , on the other is the X and eventually the Droid 2 .
Across the aisle at Sprint , HTC has the EVO 4G .
If you ’re interested in a smartphone of the Android variety , you ’ve got the most options ever right now , and the X is the newest contender .
Let ’s dive in .
Doug Mataconis · · No comments
According to a new poll , Rand Paul ’s lead in the Kentucky Senate race has evaporated :
Kentucky voters do n’t think much of Rand Paul and as a result the race to replace Jim Bunning in the Senate is tied .
Paul and Jack Conway are getting 43 % each .
The more Kentucky voters get to know Rand Paul , the less they like him .
When PPP first polled the race in December Paul ’s favorability was a +3 spread at 26 / 23 .
By May it was a - 7 spread at 28/35 .
Now it ’s a - 8 spread at 34 / 42 .
The national media attention Paul has received has hurt his cause with voters in the state - 38 % say it has made them less likely to support Paul while 29 % say it has made them more inclined to vote for him and 33 % say it has n’t had an impact on their attitude toward Paul one way or the other .
Jack Conway has almost the same level of favorability as Paul - 31 % - with much lower negatives at 29 % .
Usually you would expect a candidate with a + 2 favorability to be defeating one with a - 8 .
But Rand Paul ’s greatest asset in this race is Barack Obama .
The President has only a 37 % approval rating in Kentucky with 58 % of voters disapproving of him .
For the most part Democrats are n’t going to be winning any seats they do n’t currently hold where the President ’s that unpopular but Paul ’s relative weakness is making this race more competitive than perhaps it should be .
(…)
The Kentucky Senate race may end up being decided by whether voters in the state find Barack Obama or Rand Paul more unpalatable - it should be a close one .
Israel 's deadly interception of ships trying to break the blockade of Gaza last month has increased the likelihood of war in the Middle East , according to Syria 's president .
Nine pro-Palestinian Turkish activists died when Israeli forces boarded the flotilla - Israel says its troops were acting in self - defence .
Speaking to our Middle East Editor , Jeremy Bowen , the Syrian leader Bashar Assad says that action has made it much harder for there to be any constructive dialogue with his Israeli neighbour .
Tuli Kupferberg , the poet , singer and professional bohemian who went from being a noted Beat to becoming , in his words , “ the world ’s oldest rock star ” when he helped found the Fugs , the bawdy and politically pugnacious folk - rock group , died on Monday in Manhattan .
He was 86 and had been a longtime resident of Greenwich Village .
He had been in weak health after suffering two strokes last year , said Ed Sanders , his friend and fellow Fug .
Mr. Kupferberg was something of a Beatnik celebrity when he and Mr. Sanders started the Fugs in 1964 .
Already in his 40s , he was an anthologized poet and published a series of literary magazines with titles like Birth and Yeah .
And to his chagrin and embarrassment , he had also found a kind of notoriety as the inspiration for one of the characters in Allen Ginsberg ’s poem “ Howl . ”
He was the one who “ jumped off the Brooklyn Bridge this actually happened and walked away unknown and forgotten . ”
Between 1965 and 1970 the Fugs released six albums of music that could be puerile ( “ Boobs a Lot ” ) , politically provocative ( “ Kill for Peace ” ) or gentle and even scholarly ( “ Ah , Sunflower , Weary of Time , ” based on a poem by Blake ) .
The band became “ the U.S.O. of the left , ” Mr. Kupferberg once said , playing innumerable antiwar rallies , including the “ exorcism ” of the Pentagon in 1967 that was chronicled by Norman Mailer in his book “ The Armies of the Night . ”
In the years since the Fugs , Mr. Kupferberg has been a regular sight in Lower Manhattan , selling his satirical cartoons on the street and serving as an grandfather for bohemian types of all ages .
He embraced the bohemian designation , tracing the word back to its origins back to 12th - century Paris , where “ the craziest students once came from Bohemia , ” he once said in an interview with the music Web site Perfect Sound Forever .
Among his books were “ 1,001 Ways to Live Without Working . ”
Lately he has been posting his sometimes ribald “ perverbs ” — brief videos punning on well - known aphorisms — on YouTube .
His survivors include his wife , Sylvia Topp ; and three children .
A full obituary can be found here .
by Sarah Roberts , Naturopath
Health - conscious people are increasingly turning to a full body detox cleanse to rejuvenate and heal the body .
When done properly , the best total body cleanses will help to detoxify the colon , liver and other internal organs .
Why should you do a total cleanse for detoxification ?
Remember that our modern industrialized society is full of environmental pollution and toxic chemicals .
Pollutants and toxins in the food we eat , the air we breathe and the water we drink are constantly being absorbed into our bodies .
These body toxins can remain in our blood stream , fat cells , muscle tissue and other vital organs indefinitely , where they begin to lay the foundation for disease and ill health .
A flush of these toxins is vital in order for the body to function at its full capacity .
Total Body Cleanser Systems
The best internal cleansing systems should be rated by their effectiveness in detoxifying the body ’s internal organs .
Here are some of the easiest ways to cleanse your body , along with their health benefits :
Parasite Cleansing : Intestinal parasites are more common than many people realize .
There are various herbs employed in a total body cleansing program which are designed to kill and remove harmful colon parasites from your colon .
A parasite cleansing can help restore natural function to your intestinal tract .
If you ’ve been experiencing fatigue , it ’s a great way to restore your energy and detoxify .
Liver and Kidney Flush
The liver and kidneys are the human body ’s own natural detoxification organs .
It is vital that they function properly .
Colon Cleansing :
This full body detox cleanse will help relieve constipation , irregular bowel movements and impacted fecal matter and candida .
It will also ease bloating and gas linked to poor digestion .
Total or Whole Body Cleanse : Full body cleansing programs incorporate a variety of detoxification methods .
A colon flush is usually the most intense program with the greatest benefits in terms of detoxification , fat loss and body rejuvenation .
Probiotic Intestinal Cleanse :
This is a body cleanse to help restore intestinal flora balance by flushing toxins from the intestinal and repopulating it with probiotics .
Toxic Chemical Detox :
This is a complete body cleanse that helps remove the buildup of toxic substances due to air and water contamination , food additives and everyday household chemicals .
Conditions like chronic fatigue , migraine headaches , stress , fatigue and depression may result from this buildup of toxins in our bodies .
Juice Cleanse : Scientists estimate that every human being carries a load of contaminants inside their body , including parasites and harmful bacteria .
That ’s why a juice cleanse can help to eliminate toxins and waste products from your digestive tract as well as from the blood .
A full body cleanse detox also can help with painful joints and helps to soothe the body ’s internal organs .
Body cleanse side effects may appear , but normally go away within a few days .
An organic body cleanse can be achieved with a combination of herbs and natural supplements designed to address each of the body ’s major organs .
A comprehensive body cleansing program helps to detox your colon and liver , as well as your digestive , respiratory and circulatory systems .
Health Benefits of a Weight Loss Cleanse
Many people report losing weight during the process of cleansing and detoxification .
A significant number of people find that cleansing the colon often puts an end to constipation and related intestinal troubles .
A deep colon cleanse can rejuvenate your digestive tract and increase the frequency of healthy bowel movements .
Colonic irrigation performed by a licensed colon therapist has helped many people to rid their intestines of parasites and decayed fecal matter .
By eating a diet of purely raw foods , you allow the colon and other body systems to detoxify naturally .
Carrots , celery and other high fiber vegetables serve as a “ broom ” to sweep the colon clean .
After doing a total body cleanse , some people find facial acne tends to clear and that they have a smoother , cleaner complexion .
Gas and bloating are also alleviated , because this detox program helps re-balance the bacteria in your stomach and improve your digestion .
Many people also have clearer , more radiant eyes after completing a cleanse .
Remember , the old saying that the eyes are the window to the soul !
Total Body Cleanse Detox Reviews
When shopping for a colon cleansing kit online , make sure it includes probiotic supplements that support intestinal health .
For example , Renew Life 14 Day Cleanse is receiving reviews as one of the best total body cleaners for 2017 .
GNC ’s Total Body RAPID
Cleanse™ is a 7 - day total - body cleansing and metabolic program .
It starts with a deep liver and organ cleanse , then follows with digestive tract cleansing and healthy bowel elimination .
Remember when reading body cleanse reviews to choose the complete body detoxification program that incorporates the best detox herbs to fully cleanse your entire body , and can be done at home in your free time .
Colon Cleanse Diet : Alkaline Foods vs. Acid-Forming Foods
To get the most benefit from a body flush , a colon cleanse diet should be followed .
Begin your full body cleanse at home with a “ pre-cleanse ” diet phase and ease out of it with a “ post - cleanse ” diet phase .
For example , the day before and the day after your detox cleanse try to eat alkaline foods like fruits and vegetables , and avoid acid - forming foods .
Acid -forming foods include processed and refined foods like cakes and cookies ; animal products like eggs , poultry , fish , meat , dairy and cheese ; coffee , artificial sweeteners , refined sugar , coffee and soft drinks .
Organic detox diets are often based on whole unprocessed foods ( seed , nuts and grains ) , a large percentage of organic fruits and vegetables , and 8 glasses of water per day .
They also include the use of certain herbs like psyllium seed , licorice root , Yucca root and milk thistle seed to speed the process of detoxification .
The result of detoxifying your colon is a lighter and more energized body – and of course , better health .
A total body cleanse is not difficult and can be performed on your own , at home .
A full body cleanse helps all the organs of the body to detoxify and rejuvenate .
Your body will then be able to function at a higher level and eliminate toxins naturally .
Regardless of the type of body detoxification diet you choose , you will likely feel years younger when you are finished .
Detoxify Your Colon for Better Health
In conclusion , keep in mind that toxins trapped in our bodies are at the root of most health problems .
There are many chemical toxins in our food , environment , and everyday lifestyle .
Unfortunately , our bodies can’t completely eliminate these poisons , so they end up being stored in our body tissues .
As the years go by , the toxins trapped in our bodies begin to manifest themselves as health problems .
Through the use of colonic irrigation , juice fasting , a raw foods diet and special herbal supplements , a complete body detox can be achieved .
Why not get started now on a whole body cleanse to eliminate these toxins and restore your body to health ?
( published October 21 , 2017 )
In the news : a woman known as Anna Chapman is accused of being some sort of Russian spy ( Russian spy ?
Seriously ?
I did n’t realize we still had those .
It ’s comforting to know that at least some beloved artifacts from my idyllic Cold War childhood endure ) .
This LA Times story , the gist of which is gripping speculation concerning Chapman ’s future as a reality show celebrity or the subject of “ blockbusters ” , is a real breathtaking pile of asswipe antifeminist hate speech .
The authors do n’t seem to know , or care , who or what she is , or is n’t , beyond the assertion that she is a “ sultry red - head . ”
This is demonstrated by the photograph accompanying the article , which is about as sexy as a yearbook picture , and is therefore worth a thousand sexist words .
Here is a selection of the delightful metaphrasery employed in this article ( some of which the authors breathlessly quote from other “ news ” sources ) .
Chapman is
a “ sexy antagonist ”
a “ red - haired beauty ”
a “ femme fatale ”
a “ Natasha ”
a “ secret sexpot ” who “ partied , shopped & schmoozed ”
a “ modern-day Mata Hari ”
a “ vivacious vixen ”
a “ practiced deceiver ”
an “ attention - seeking sensationalist bimbo ”
a “ beauty with a captivating tale ”
a “ romantic young woman ”
a “ billionaire or a hooker ”
Because Chapman is such a red - haired sexy romantic billionaire mata vixen , her 15 minutes as a bankable piece of ass appears to be in the bag .
On the subject of femmes parlaying their fataleity into fame and fortune , one interviewee was moved to recall that the woman Eliot Spitzer paid to rape now has a sex column in a newspaper .
Sluts sell !
The LA Times omits to cite any evidence that Chapman is / was , in fact , a prostituted woman , but this is America , and evidence is hardly necessary .
According to the authors , Chapman ’s Facebook page reveals all relevant information : she is hottt , so obviously she ’s a whore , which apparently renders the entire nation verklempt , and that ’s all we need to know .
There are 10 other spies in the spy ring , but the LA Times does n’t speculate about their marketing potential .
A separate article reports that one of the dude spies jumped bail in Cyprus , but neglects to provide details about his sexiness , vivaciousness , wealth , hair color , or the dollar value of his “ story . ”
Instead , the reader is forced to make do with boring minutiae such as the charges he was brought up on ( failure to register as a foreign agent ) , and trivia regarding the diplomatic relationship between the US and Cyprus .
Supposedly small businesses represent the engine of any jobs recovery , and guess what , the state of small businesses in America is not good .
The NFIB released its latest survey of members , and on a range of things from earnings to access to credit , the situation is very bleak .
That 's why it 's still so hard to find a job .
Egypt let Israeli and US warships pass through the Suez Canal as Iranian flotilla approaches Gaza .
Egypt closed the canal to protect the ships .
Egypt allowed at least one Israeli and 11 American warships to pass through the Suez Canal as an Iranian flotilla approaches Gaza .
Egypt closed the canal to protect the ships with thousands of soldiers , according to the British - based Arabic language newspaper Al Quds al - Arabi .
One day prior to the report on Saturday , Voice of Israel government radio reported that the Egyptian government denied an Israeli request not to allow the Iranian flotilla to use the Suez Canal to reach Gaza , in violation of the Israeli sea embargo on the Hamas - controlled area .
International agreements require Egypt to keep the Suez open even for warships , but the armada , led by the USS Truman with 5,000 sailors and marines , was the largest in years .
Egypt closed the canal to fishing and other boats as the armada moved through the strategic passageway that connects the Red and Mediterranean Seas .
Despite Egypt ’s reported refusal to block the canal to Iranian boats , the clearance for the American - Israeli fleet may be a warning to Iran it may face military opposition if the Iranian Red Crescent ship continues on course to Gaza .
The warships may exercise the right to inspect the Iranian boat for the illegal transport or weapons .
Newsweek reported that Egyptian authorities could stop the ship for weeks , using technicalities such as requiring that any official documents be translated from Farsi into Arabic .
The magazine ’s website also reported that the Iranian navy is the weakest part of its armed forces .
Tehran has already backed down from announced intentions to escort the Iranian ships with " volunteer marines ” from the Iranian Revolutionary Guards .
The Iranian news site Hamsayeh .
net reported , “ The move might be in connection to U.S. self - inflicted embargo against Iran aimed at inspecting Iran bound ships for suspected goods related to the country ’s nuclear program . ”
Another battle on the high seas may involve one , and possibly two , Lebanese vessels that are aimed at challenging Israel ’s sovereignty over the Gaza coastal waters .
Hizbullah , gearing up for a reaction to a possible clash between the Israeli Navy ( pictured ) and the Lebanese boats , has deployed rocket units near Lebanese ports , according to unofficial military sources .
Israel has warned U.N. Secretary - General Ban Ki-moon that Israel will use force , if necessary , to stop the boats , one of which is carrying approximately 70 women passengers and crew organized by Hizbullah supporter Samar al - Hajj .
Her husband is one of several jailed suspects involved in the assassination of former Lebanese anti-Syrian Prime Minister Rafik Hariri .
Hizbullah has denied it is connected with the Lebanese flotilla , but it has been reported that Al Hajj met with Hizbullah leader Hassan Nasrallah last month .
© 2019 cowboylyrics.com
All lyrics are property and copyright of their owners .
All lyrics provided for educational purposes only .
Liberty central has given a voice to writers and thinkers who sought to revolt against the encroachment of the government against our privacy , our dignity and our hard - won rights .
They argued as passionately as possible that the relationship between the government and the people had become inverted and corrupted .
Our rulers had forgotten that they were supposed to be our servants , not our masters .
The election came and went , and with the new coalition government has come promises to put right these wrongs .
So , time to pack up the laptop and start enjoying these newly restored liberties , right ?
Sadly not .
There 's another kind of liberty – one that needs us to champion that least fashionable of causes : economic liberty .
People 's day - to - day lives are impacted by it more profoundly than any CCTV camera or snooping council official .
Governments make the decision about how much of your money you should be allowed to keep for yourself .
They do it through taxes on your income , and they even charge your employer for the privilege of giving you a job .
Then they decide how much of a cut they want when you buy things .
They try to discourage you from smoking and drinking by raising the price to beyond the limits of what many people are prepared to pay , causing hardship on those who have no choice .
It all adds up , and before you know it even someone on a modest £ 20 k - a - year wage can find that nearly half of what their employer pays for them ends up on the way to the Treasury – and that 's just the cash .
Economic liberty is also concerned by the rules about what you can do with the money you have left .
It 's difficult when you 're left with so little , but if you can get a loan or get enough savings together to go into business for yourself , suddenly the controls upon you and the demands on your money from the state become more onerous still .
Trade remains the most regulated human activity of them all .
The rules politicians have put in place have made it difficult to get into business and stay afloat , when in reality merely surviving at all in a competitive environment would be challenge enough for most .
Surely , any sane society wants more economic activity ?
More businesses means more jobs , and more competition means lower prices and better products .
But every rule , every regulation – they all cost money , directly or through having to employ people or use time on meeting these demands .
Why does this matter ?
Why should normal people care for the problems of business owners ?
Every worker , factory , shop and office that sits idle represents resources not being used , because there 's no one out there that believes they can make money using them .
We shrug our shoulders and blame capitalism , or we blame the bankers , or we blame international competition , or we insist that it is those evil business owners who abandoned such resources in the first place .
But if you really want to point the finger of blame , I recommend looking in the mirror .
It 's almost impossible to do anything without the government having something to say , charge , or demand of you .
We 've done this , every time we 've demanded " something must be done " .
What 's true in the world of personal freedom versus security is true of economic freedom , too .
We 've gifted politicians enormous control over our economy and the nation 's wealth .
I understand why it 's happened .
People crave security and stability , without really comprehending what they 're giving away to get it , or who specifically pays the price for it , or what it ultimately costs us in terms of opportunities lost – such as millions of people wasting their lives on the dole .
Before the last century , economic liberalism , especially free trade , used to be the great cause of the left – because it championed the rights of the people to live free of the tyranny of an establishment that assumed too much control and caused so much harm in doing so .
It is a cause , however unfashionable , that needs fighting again .
It just needs the left to remember it does n't exist purely to divvy up the spoils collected by the Treasury for its friends , and to remember , once again , that liberty is more than just free speech and privacy .
A weblog for members of the Canadian Cartographic Association and other individuals interested in all things cartographic
