I 'm a big film buff with a particular affection for good business movies .
Unfortunately , good business movies are as rare as hen 's teeth , so I 'm forced to include a few TV shows in my list of the " top ten entrepreneur movies " .
Here they are in no particular order :
Wall Street
Blue Horseshoe loves Anacott Steel !
I still love this movie after 10 or 15 viewings since 1987 .
Sure it 's a morality play in the second half but the first half showing a young go - getter determined to land a big client is what entrepreneurship is all about .
It 's about getting the first big sale by not taking " no " for an answer , even after 57 failed attempts .
Few movies do a better job of showing what it 's like to suddenly have a lot of money coming in very quickly .
Michael Douglas 's portrayal of corporate raider Gordon Gekko is one of the great performances in cinema , as far I 'm concerned .
Few scenes in film match the excitement of Bud Fox 's first meeting in Gekko's office .
Be honest , would n't you want to work for a Wall Street M&A firm -- albeit one with an honest boss ?
Other People 's Money
This film is the perfect second feature for any viewing of Wall Street .
If you are curious about how Gordon Gekko and his arch nemesis Sir Larry Wildman made their millions , watch OPM .
Danny De Vito plays corporate raider Lawrence Garfield who launches a hostile take - over bid for a small public company , New England Wire & Cable , headed by Gregory Peck .
Pay close attention to Garfield 's chalkboard explanation of why he wants the company .
The two speeches given at the shareholder meeting arguing against and for the takeover tender are brilliantly written and delivered by Peck and De Vito , respectively .
This is another movie I own a copy of for annual viewing .
Lord of War
The first time you sell a gun is a lot like the first time you have sex .
You have absolutely no idea what you 're doing but it is exciting and , in one way or another , it is over way too fast .
- Yuri Orlov
This is another great startup movie .
Nicholas Cage 's character , Yuri Orlov , is the son of a Russian immigrant family operating a greasy spoon diner in Brighton Beach .
Yuri wants more out of life .
One day he spots an opportunity to get into the arms trade and quickly seizes it .
He then embarks on a campaign to break into the big leagues of the arms business after initially being snubbed by the big boys .
Fortunately for Yuri he has an uncle who is a general in the Ukrainian military which is holding a fire sale on its Soviet supplied weapons systems after the collapse of the USSR .
" Buy 6 helicopter gunships and we throw the 7th one in for free ! "
This film does a fine job of portraying the emotional ups and downs and financial pressures of building a fast - growth business and leading the high - roller lifestyle in order to impress others .
One memorable scene is about all the expense and trouble Yuri goes to in order impress the girl of his dreams .
If you listen closely , the Yuri character has a lot of quotable lines .
Man Who Would Be King
I can almost hear you asking , " The Man Who Would Be King ?
What the heck is this doing on your list ? "
If you do n't think that this is a movie about entrepreneurship , you 're dead wrong , my friend .
This may well be the ultimate entrepreneurial movie .
Ex -British soldiers Daniel Dravot ( Sean Connery ) and Peachy Carnehan ( Michael Caine ) have big dreams after retiring from her majesty 's service .
They want to take over one of the Central Asian kingdoms northwest of India and make themselves its rulers .
However , they find themselves in typical entrepreneurial circumstances with next to nothing in terms of a startup budget .
So in classic entrepreneurial fashion , the limited financial resources they do have are invested in assets which will bring them the biggest bang for the buck -- literally : 16 Martini - Henry repeating rifles .
They then use these rifles to both impress and intimidate the thuggish ruler of a small autonomous tribe on the outskirts of their target country of Kafiristan .
This first alliance then becomes the platform from which they launch an M&A campaign to acquire control of additional tribes .
Can you say " industry roll - up " ?
In quick time they acquire enough " assets " to take over the entire kingdom .
This is when their real problems begin due to hubris on the part of Daniel .
My only complaint against this classic is that it should have been 20 to 30 minutes longer in order to avoid the abrupt ending .
Instead the film has the feel of something lovingly crafted to build to a dramatic high over the first 100 minutes at which point the director realizes , to his horror , that he still has another hour 's worth of story to compact into twenty minutes .
So he starts tearing out entire pages from the script because he has neither the budget or film time to include them .
We therefore miss the great adventure that Peachy must have had in escaping back to India after things fell apart for him and Daniel .
The result is a weird ending that feels as if the Starship Enterprise had teleported him back to Rudyard Kipling 's office .
However , this classic is still worth watching .
Startup.com
This is the documentary about failed dotcom Govworks and its two founders .
I own a copy and watch it annually .
If you are thinking about trying to raise venture capital , watch this film first .
Its big lesson is that raising capital requires a rare type of personality .
Most people simply do n't have the right set of traits for it .
Kaleil loves schmoozing with the venture capitalists .
He 's in his element doing presentations .
Meanwhile ,
Tom hates it and just wants to get back to the office to focus on building the website .
( Just out of curiosity , does anyone know what Kaleil and Tom are doing these days ? )
The Sopranos
You know , I did n't get around to watching the godfather movies until about 2003 or 2004 due to moral objections .
When I was a kid , Life magazine would do these big articles on the Mafia with tons of pictures of dead mobsters lying in pools of blood .
Those articles horrified me and I vowed never to read or watch anything that seemingly promoted gangsters .
Then after I started running out of movies to watch through NetFlix , a friend recommended that I try TV shows such as The Sopranos which eventually led me to the first two Godfather films .
One of these DVDs had an extra feature interview with Francis Ford Coppola who explained that mafia movies are really about capitalism and not about crime .
That 's when it all started to make sense for me .
Mafia movies are about getting a piece of the American Dream when your ethnic group is shut out of the system by the powers that be .
To be honest , I almost did n't make it through the first season of The Sopranos because I found the side stories about Tony 's annoying dysfunctional family as well as his visits to the shrink boring .
By the second season , I was fast - forwarding through most of them .
However , the parts about Tony and his capos building their New Jersey operations while constantly butting heads with the hostile " head office " in New York are top notch entertainment .
Finally , in my humble opinion , the opening credit sequence is the best that I have ever seen .
I have never fast - forwarded through it as I do with most TV shows that I rent through Netflix .
I even bought a CD with three versions of the opening song to play in the car .
( No , I have n't taken up cigar smoking too . )
Tucker
My memory of this movie has almost completely faded since seeing it over twenty years ago .
The only thing I can recall about it is having a warm upon leaving the theater .
I think this is due to actor Jeff Bridges having done a fine job of conveying Tucker 's naiveness .
As people will tell you , you can often achieve great things in your twenties simply because you are unaware of what can't be done .
As you get older you start understanding why things are impossible and should n't even be attempted .
Tucker shows an entrepreneur who , although in his mid-thirties , had that all important youthful obliviousness as to why a car company could not be started at home on a shoestring budget .
( Edit : replaced Boiler Room with Pirates of Silicon Valley in mid August . )
Pirates of Silicon Valley
Another good one .
Although it 's a B - movie shot on a tiny budget it does a fine job of recounting the story of Bill Gates and Steve Jobs in the early days .
Watch the Apple crew raid Xerox PARC and " borrow " its best ideas .
Then watch Microsoft raid Apple and " borrow " its best ideas .
Witness Bill Gates license a software system he does n't have to IBM .
It 's all highly entertaining .
Read the book afterwards .
Okay , that 's still not ten yet but I 'm working on it .
I did warn you that it 's hard coming up with a list of decent business movies .
If you can suggest any other films or TV shows for the list , please do .
CARDIFF , Oct 6 ( Reuters ) - World Cup hosts
France produced a stunning second - half fightback to beat New Zealand 20 - 18 at the Millennium Stadium and reach the semi-finals on Saturday .
France , who trailed 13 - 3 at halftime , face a semi-final with England in Paris next weekend after the defending world champions overcame Australia 12 - 10 in another surprise earlier on Saturday .
Domains cost anywhere from $ 1.99 to $ 30.00 per year ( most domains , .com , . net ... ) when bought from a domain name registry ... some domains though have privately ( or through auctions ) sold for much more than their owners have paid for them !?
For the record I am just stating that sex.com was sold for $ 14 Million .
why is that ?
because not all domains are created equal ... .com . net .org .biz and a few others are easier to remember and more " valuable " to have ... some vocabulary words are also easy to remember and are also " valuable " ...
I am not really an expert to talk about what is valuable and what is not , take a look at what sells and at what prices on domain name journal or find lots of more information on the namepros forums .
Here is my take on domain names and the business of buying and selling .
Lets say you wanted to the same : buy some great domains in the hopes of selling them for great price later .
The idea is simple .
Buy a domain and put it for sale at one of the auctions ( sedo.com , afternic , tdnam.com , moniker.com etc ) and wait for someone to buy it .... well the idea is simple but the odds are not in our favor .
Why ?
For once most of the sort names have been bought , I believe all the dictionary words have been bought too and now its the turn of two or three word phrases to become extinct ( for some strange reason , domains with numbers are not much sought after ?!? ) ... second you have to think of the costs involved ... surely one .com domain costs around $ 8 / year ( that is how much I pay at least ) but if you are planning to do it seriously one domain wont do .
People buy portofolios of what they think are great domains ( in the thousands ) in the hopes of selling one or two to get even or make a profit ...
Well no matter how many domains you want to buy do some research before you buy .
See the trends using the google trends , check the search frequency of some of the phrases or keywords you are concentrating on , you can use one of my tools search engine queries estimates which is based on the overture keyword database .
After you have in your posession some domains you have a few choices while waiting for them to be sold .
You can post them on auctions and start advertising your willingness to sell the domains .
You can park your domains and get " some " money if people hit on the ads while visiting your domain
You can actually develop them into full fledged sites .
Can rent your domains or partner with someone else that develops them , while you keep full ownership of the domain
Parking
Developing the domains
Most " good " sort / keyword rich .com . net etc have already been bought : focus on country top level domain names if it makes sense .
Buy a name that even if you are stuck with , you have some idea on how to develop it into a website ;
As a matter of fact you can always develop your newly registered domain , a developed domain will most probably be bought for more than an underdeveloped one .
Each one has its own advantages .
If you have a domain that everyone would be intrested in buying , the first option is probably enough ; soon enough ( with a not much advertisement ) you can probably get a good deal .is not for all domains ; if you domain does not get type - in traffic ( type- in is the traffic are the people that think of a search query and instead type it with a .com or another extension at the end ) then parking it wo n't be of any value .
Most parking companies actually forbid you from linking to your domain while its parked .
is probably the choice of domains that are not so " hot " .
You can do it yourself or have someone do it as a partner .
No matter how its done you should never give your domain registries passwords away to someone that you do n't trust ; learn how to assign DNS settings yourselves , its not that difficult .
Some closing thoughts :
At a family party some years ago , one of my uncles remarked on how little science really knows .
For example , we still have no idea how gravity works - why things fall down .
" Actually , we do know how gravity works , " I said .
( My father , a Ph.D. physicist , was also present ; but he was n't even touching this one . )
" We do ? " said my uncle .
" Yes , " I said , " Gravity is the curvature of spacetime . "
At this point I had still swallowed Feynman 's line about being able to explain physics to one 's grandmother , so I continued : " You could say that the Earth goes around the Sun in a straight line .
Imagine a graph that shows both space and time , so that a straight line shows steady movement and a curved line shows acceleration .
Then curve the graph paper itself .
When you try to draw a straight line on the curved paper , you 'll get what looks like acceleration -"
" I never heard about anything like that , " said my uncle .
When was the last time , in history , when it was possible for a single human to know the knowledge of the most advanced civilization ?
I 've seen various estimates for this - usually in the form of polymaths nominated for the position of " last person to know everything " .
One plausible candidate is Leonardo da Vinci , who died in 1519 - shortly after the printing press began to become popular , and shortly before Copernicus inaugurated the scientific revolution .
In the ancestral environment it was possible to know everything , and nearly everyone did .
In hunter - gatherer bands of less than 200 people , with no written literature , all background knowledge was universal knowledge .
If one person , in a world containing 200 people total , discovered how gravity worked , you could certainly expect to hear about it .
In a world of 6 billion people , there is not one person alive who can say with certainty that science does not know a thing .
There is too much science .
Our current lifetimes are too short to learn more than a tiny fraction of it , and more is being produced all the time .
Even if last week 's technical journal does n't contain the answer to a mystery , that does n't mean that no one knows it .
Maybe someone out there is typing up the paper at this very moment .
You can't generalize over all 6 billion people in the world because you have n't talked to all of them - which is a non-ancestral condition !
For the vast majority of humanity 's evolutionary history , it was possible to meet everyone in your little world .
Now there 's 6 billion people who might know the answer to any question you care to ask , and you can't ask all of them .
No one knows anymore what no one knows .
My uncle is not an isolated phenomenon .
I 've met people who think that science knows nothing about the brain , that thought is a complete mystery unto us .
( My favorite was the fellow who confidently asserted that neuroscience had been unable to assign any function " to the cerebral cortex " . )
As Tom McCabe put it : " Anyone who claims that the brain is a total mystery should be slapped upside the head with the MIT Encyclopedia of the Cognitive Sciences .
All one thousand ninety - six pages of it . "
I have n't seen the movie What The Bleep Do We Know , but if the horror stories are true , it 's one long celebration of imaginary ignorance .
Particularly the " mysterious effect of conscious observation " in quantum physics , which was explained away as ordinary decoherence in the 1950s , but let 's not get into that again .
Ignorance should not be celebrated in the first place ; I 've made this point before .
It is a corruption of curiosity to prefer the question to its answer .
Yet people seem to get a tremendous emotional kick out of not knowing something .
Worse , they think that the mysteriousness of a mysterious phenomena indicates a special quality of the phenomenon itself , inferring that it is surely different - in - kind from phenomena labeled " understood " .
If we are ignorant about a phenomenon , that is a fact about our state of mind , not a fact about the phenomenon itself .
In the ancestral environment , there was a certain permanence to the division between ignorance and knowledge .
If none of your fellow hunter - gatherers knew what made rain fall , it was likely that no one would ever find out in your grandchildren 's lifetimes .
Today , the absence of knowledge is a fragile and temporary condition , like the darkness in a closet whose door happens to be shut .
A single thought can shatter the absence of thought .
Every scientific discovery ever made , destroyed an ancient absence - of - knowledge dating back to the dawn of time .
No one knows what 6 billion people do n't know today , and still less does anyone know what 7 billion people will know tomorrow .
US , British and Australian forces build oil - protection base in Iraq
By Patrick Martin
13 November 2007
The US Navy , with the assistance of British and Australian commandos , is building a permanent base to guard two oil - export platforms in Iraqi waters at the northern end of the Persian Gulf , according to a report Monday in the Wall Street Journal .
Troops from all three occupying countries are now stationed at the Khawr al Amaya oil terminal , protecting it and the neighboring Al Basrah oil terminal , facilities critical for any significant expansion of tanker shipments of Iraqi oil to the world market ..
The Journal reported , “ While presidential candidates debate whether to start bringing ground troops home from Iraq , the new construction suggests that one footprint of U.S. military power in Iraq is n’t shrinking anytime soon : American officials are girding for an open - ended commitment to protect the country ’s oil industry . ”
The military mission goes far beyond the patrols which US warships have conducted in the Persian Gulf for the past 30 years , in the name of keeping oil shipping lanes open .
The Journal noted , “ the Navy finds itself with an additional , much more specific role : playing security guard to Iraq ’s offshore oil infrastructure . ”
The current focus of military construction is a command - and - control facility located on top of the Khawr facility , the smaller of the two .
While the Pentagon claims that the new oil - terminal base is not a permanent US facility and that it will be turned over to Iraqi forces eventually , the Journal explains , “ Iraqi forces are a long way from being able to take over the mission . ”
Vice Admiral Kevin Cosgriff , commander of US naval forces in the Gulf , told the newspaper , “ They are going to need help for years to come . ”
US , British and Australian military officers will control Iraq ’s oil export shipping for the indefinite future .
US sailors live on both the Khawr and Al Basrah terminals behind chain - link fences that keep out all Iraqis except the oil workers who actually operate the facilities , and a handful of Iraqi Marines who work as guards under the direction of an Australian commodore , the overall commander of the facility .
The Journal account also notes that the oil - export installation could play a role in forthcoming US moves against Iran : “ The new outpost also offers a convenient perch from which to monitor Iran ’s Revolutionary Guards Corps ...
The naval component of the Revolutionary Guards Corps operates from a partially submerged barge and crane visible on clear days . ”
The British sailors captured earlier this year by Iranian forces were among those participating in the oil - protection mission — a fact that was suppressed in the media accounts at the time .
That incident ended when the British prisoners made statements admitting they had crossed into Iranian waters and then were sent home .
A similar episode involving American soldiers could well provide a pretext for a full - scale US military strike against Iran .
The oil - terminal operation is only one part of a much larger program , costing an estimated $ 277 million , in which US forces are deployed to protect Iraqi oilfields .
The terminal facilities are the only ones where US military personnel are actually stationed inside production or shipping installations .
The Khawr and Al Basrah facilities combined , if working at their capacity , could load nearly two million barrels a day , about 2.4 percent of current world requirements .
Vice Admiral Cosgriff told the Journal , “ As a contributor to an increasingly inelastic supply , that is a significant percentage .
That is n’t just an Iraq issue , that ’s a global economic - stability issue . ”
This comment underscores the geopolitical economic interests at the heart of the US conquest of Iraq .
US policymakers , from the military leaders on the spot right up to the White House , are acutely aware that , as former Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan said last month , the war in Iraq is “ all about oil . ”
Nonetheless , the White House , the congressional Democrats and the American news media alike seek to downplay or suppress the role of oil , claiming that the war is being waged to fight “ terrorism ” and establish democracy in Iraq , when its major purpose is to rob the Iraqi people of their country ’s principal natural resource , and give US and British multinationals first crack at the world ’s third largest oil reserves .
The struggle for control and development of these resources is becoming increasingly public , despite the official effort to deny the predatory character of the American military occupation .
Iraq ’s former oil minister , Thamir Ghadhban , who still advises the government of Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al - Maliki on energy issues , told a US audience Friday that Iraq planned to nearly triple oil production over the next eight years , from the present 2.2 million barrels a day to six million barrels per day .
Speaking at Stanford University , Ghadhban said , “ Iraq is one of the least - explored countries among the major oil producers , ” citing plans to explore for oil in the western desert ( Anbar province ) as well as the traditional oil - producing regions in the north and south .
Iraq has 112 billion barrels in proven oil reserves , but UN estimates have placed its probable but as yet unproven reserves at 214 billion barrels , perhaps the world ’s largest pool of untapped oil .
The oil ministry reported last week that daily crude oil production in October hit a three - year high of 2.7 million barrels a day , of which 1.8 million barrels were exported .
Hussein al - Shahristani , the oil minister , said that crude production should reach 3 million barrels daily by the end of the year .
The carve - up of oil territory continues within the country .
The national government signed a short - term contract November 8 with the Turkish refiner Tupras to take 60,000 barrels a day from the Kirkuk oil fields , shipped by pipeline through the Turkish port of Ceyhan .
It was the first new contract for Kirkuk crude in more than three years .
The state oil ministry has invited 16 European and American oil companies to bid for three - month contracts to lift crude from Kirkuk , and some bids have already been received .
The Kurdistan regional government announced another round of production - sharing contracts , including one with Reliance Industries , an Indian firm , which paid a signing bonus of $ 15.5 million to $ 17.5 million for exploration contracts for two sites in the Kurdish - ruled provinces in the north of Iraq .
The federal Iraqi government has denounced the Kurdish deals as violations of national sovereignty .
The mounting conflict between Baghdad and the Kurdistan regional government is facing multiple flashpoints , including a referendum , due to be held by the end of 2007 , to decide whether the city of Kirkuk , at the center of one of the world ’s largest oilfields , should be attached to the Kurdish - controlled region .
The city and province of Kirkuk have a mixed population of Kurds , Sunni and Shiite Arabs and Turkomen , but the Kurdish parties have been resettling Kurds there in an effort to create a majority , a mirror reversal of the policy pursued by Saddam Hussein , who pushed Kurds out and sought “ Arabization ” of the province .
Perhaps the most provocative action taken in the tense region came in September , when Ray Hunt , CEO of Hunt Oil and a longtime Texas confidant of the Bush family , flew into Kurdistan and signed an oil exploration agreement with the regional government , without informing Baghdad .
According to a report in the Dallas Morning News , the hill of Jebel Semroot , near the village of Assyan , where Hunt Oil expects to begin drilling next year , is not even in the territory of the three Kurdish provinces ruled by the regional government .
It lies across the border in Nineveh , another province with a mixed population of Kurds , Turkomen and Arabs , in which the Kurds are a distinct minority .
“ Trouble is , Jebel Semroot is n’t in Kurdish territory , ” the News reported .
“ If Hunt Oil drills in these rocks , the company will be helping the Kurds absorb lands in Nineveh province that were historically Kurdish but are still claimed by Iraq ’s Arab Sunnis . ”
About once a month as a Friday " bonus " post , I 'm featuring an original article written by one of my favorite bloggers .
This guest article was written by Leo Babauta of Zen Habits .
The enemy of frugality and simplicity and your monthly budget is the impulse buy .
We 've all done it , of course , and it can be incredibly difficult to stop the urge to buy once it 's in us .
There 's an incredibly cool gadget that we have to have , a great pair of shoes or jeans , a book or magazine or dessert that wo n't cost much .
If you 're in the store , or at an online site , the forces of advertising and marketing are sometimes too powerful to overcome .
And yet , they can be beat , with some simple strategies .
The trick , of course , is to think about it .
It 's when the impulse urge is subconscious that it 's most dangerous .
If you give it some thought , and realize that you have the urge , you can apply these strategies to beat it .
If impulse buying has been secretly undermining your monthly budget , here are 10 simple strategies for beating the urge .
Choose the method that works best for you , or use them in combination .
Beating the Urge to Spend
1. Create a 30 - day list
Make a new rule : you can't buy anything ( except necessities ) until a 30 - day waiting period has passed .
Put a 30 - day list on your refrigerator , and when you have the urge to buy something , put it on the list with today 's date .
After a month has passed , you can buy the item .
Many times the urge will have passed and you can just cross the item off the list .
This works if you stick to your rule .
The only exceptions would be groceries and other similar necessities .
2 . Do n't go to the mall
You only get the urge to buy on impulse if you 're in a shopping area ( or if you 're watching TV ) .
So , prevent the urge from happening in the first place by not going shopping .
Do n't go to the mall or Walmart or other shopping areas .
Only go to a store if you have a specific necessity to purchase , and go with a list .
Do n't buy anything not on that list .
Now get out as soon as possible .
Do n't just walk around window shopping for entertainment , or you will be sorely tempted .
Find other ways to have fun .
3 . Do n't go to online retail sites
Just as the mall will create the urge to buy , so will online sites such as Amazon .
They make it too easy to buy something .
Instead , stay away from these sites .
4. Monitor your urges
Make it a point to monitor your urges , if it 's a big problem .
Keep a little piece of paper , and put a tally mark on it every time you get the urge .
This helps you to become more conscious of the urge , which is usually something we do n't even notice .
Different symptoms can appear , such as faster breathing or a faster heart rate , when we have the urge .
By becoming more aware of the changes in our body , we can begin to get the urges under control .
5 . Take a deep breath
When you do get the urge , there are ways to calm it down .
Deep breathing , self massage , walking around , and drinking water can all help control the urge .
Take 10 deep breaths , and the urge will often be diminished enough to resist .
6 . Calculate the value in life energy
If you 've been a reader of The Simple Dollar for long , you know about how to calculate your true hourly wage .
Keep that number handy , and the next time you want to buy something , divide the price of the item by your true hourly wage ... this will tell you how many hours of your life you had to give up to buy that item .
Sometimes the number of hours can be eye - opening , especially for more expensive items .
Consider whether you really want to give up that much of your life for that item .
7 . Plan your purchases
Making a list before you go shopping is important .
If you can make it a habit to stick to that list , you 'll eliminate a lot of little impulse buys .
For other purchases , make it a habit to plan them , save for them , shop around , and even see if you can get it for free .
Going through this process ensures that your purchases are more deliberate , and less on impulse .
Plan ahead for birthday and Christmas gifts , and other large purchases that you know are coming up in the month ahead .
8 . Freeze your credit card
If using your credit card is a problem , consider giving it up completely ( I did ) .
If that 's not a good option for you , try literally freezing your card .
Put it in a Ziploc baggie with water , seal it good , and put it in the freezer .
Do n't write the credit card number anywhere .
Now , if you want to make a purchase with the card , you 'll have to unfreeze it .
That little wait of a couple of hours can be enough to stop you from making many purchases .
9 . Ask questions
Before you buy anything , ask yourself a series of questions .
Is the purchase going to improve your life in some important way ?
Is the purchase supposed to make you feel better ?
Does it help you meet one of your life goals ?
Will it simplify your life ?
These are useful questions to help you evaluate the value of a purchase , and why you 're making it .
Be honest with yourself -- do n't try to sell yourself !
10 .
Keep the end in mind
It 's useful to have clear goals in mind at all times .
What do you want to do with your life ?
Do you have financial goals that you 're trying to accomplish , in the long - term and medium - term ?
Keep your savings goals in mind , and know when you 're about to make a purchase how the purchase will affect your goals .
Leo Babauta blogs about simplicity , frugality , productivity and happiness at Zen Habits .
Just wanted to make a quick post to let everyone know that the Warhawk v1.1 patch will be deployed world - wide on Friday , November 2nd , during an extended maintenance window between 5 am and 9 am Pacific .
Some of you were able to download the v1.1 patch before it was “ officially ” ready .
Since this occurred without the server - side updates to complement it , not all of the fixes would have functioned .
Specifically , the viral - rank - up fix and the time - in - vehicle stat fix .
Once we bring the system back online Friday , 9 am Pacific , these fixes will be functional .
Also , once we deploy the patch , when you boot Warhawk , you will be prompted by the XMB to download the v1.1 patch .
This is a fast download so it ’s not a time killer .
Once the XMB has pulled the patch down , Warhawk will boot back up and be happy !
You will also notice a “ v1.1 ” in the lower right corner of the screen .
So , we ’ll be monitoring the roll - out tomorrow and this weekend so please check the forums for more info !
Oh …one last thing , if you want to see the list of stuff in the v1.1 patch hit this link .
DIGG THIS
Why do the Democrats , with control of both the House and Senate since last year ’s elections , continue to twiddle their thumbs over the policies and practices of a corrupt president ?
Yes , they did spearhead a bill through the House that requires a withdrawal of troops from Iraq by April , 2008 , a measure that media propagandists dutifully offered as having some significance .
But those who take the time to carefully read legislation realize that this was but another empty , cynical gesture ; the latest expression of u201 Cbipartisanu201D meaninglessness designed solely to placate an increasingly disgruntled booboisie .
Even in the unlikelihood of the bill being signed by the president — assuming a similar proposal passes the Senate — there does not appear to be sufficient Congressional support for it to override his veto .
But Mr. Bush ’s signing or non-signing of such legislation would not restrain his continuing the mayhem and slaughter visited upon Iraqis who do not fully appreciate their u201 Cliberation .
u201D
The bill contains a number of provisos , such as the keeping of a sufficient number of soldiers to help train Iraqi troops , to protect U.S. government properties , and to fight terrorists .
The judgment as to when such conditions exist , and what numbers of troops would be necessary to deal with such problems , would , of course , remain in the hands of Mr. Bush .
In other words , this bill would leave the president in precisely the same position he now enjoys , with this added benefit : he could rationalize his policies in terms of carrying out the express will of Congress !
Serious critics of both Mr. Bush and the Democrats ask why the latter do not undertake the impeachment of the former .
Nancy Pelosi , whose every word and gesture belie the allegedly oppositional role of the Democrats , announced , immediately after the 2006 election results , that the impeachment of Mr. Bush was not a matter the Democrats would pursue with their newly - gained power .
u201CWhy not ?
u201D , many asked , particularly since Congress had been eager to impeach Bill Clinton for his far - lesser offenses .
Should a man who lied America into an unprovoked , criminal attack that has thus far produced a million deaths , be more favorably treated than a man who lied about his sexual behavior in the White House ?
The few intelligent minds remaining in this intellectually benumbed society continue to ask this question .
If one takes the trouble to examine the matter from the perspective of the machinations that dominate all political behavior , the answer becomes apparent .
Though Republicans and Democrats have their personal and minor policy differences , they are in agreement on one basic point : their u201 Cbipartisanu201D support for the preservation and aggrandizement of the power of the state .
They understand — as do members of the mainstream media — that their principal obligation is to serve the well - being of the political power structure that long ago laid uncontested claim to the ownership of modern society .
The interests of Democratic and Republican officials alike are best served by the maximization of political power .
If u201 Cgovernmentu201D is defined as an agency enjoying a monopoly on the lawful use of force within a given territory , what politically ambitious person would not want to enjoy as much of that power as he or she can muster ?
And since such a purpose not only suits the interests of the ruling establishment , but defines its existence , a symbiotic relationship between these two groups is easily fashioned .
Because the state and its de facto owners thrive on the exercise of force , any circumstance that enhances the power of government will be embraced and eagerly pursued .
This is the meaning behind Randolph Bourne ’s classic observation that u201 Cwar is the health of the state .
u201D
It also explains the well - orchestrated fervor over global warming or any other dire threat du jour .
Likewise , anything that diminishes state power will be resisted by all who have a vested interest in the exercise of such authority .
At its base , this is what accounts for the refusal of the political establishment and its news media to acknowledge the existence of Ron Paul ’s candidacy .
Paul is persona non grata to these forces for one reason alone : his insistence upon drastically reducing state power .
Because , as Acton reminded us , power is a corrupting influence and , as such , its excesses can dissipate the public sanction upon which its continued exercise depends , the state must occasionally perform cosmetic surgery upon itself in order to restore its image .
Thus , civil liberties groups may be successful in getting the courts to enjoin some minor prohibition ( e.g. , a statute criminalizing flag - burning ) , not out of any innate defense of individual liberty , but to create the appearance that the state is a force that can be tamed by a reasoned dedication to principle .
In such ways does Boobus Americanus get lulled into the passive mindset that allows state power to retain its popular image as a latent but controllable system .
But what events or conditions are appropriate for this cathartic exercise ?
If there is a growing popular disaffection for governmental excesses , to what ritualistic remedies might the establishment resort without , in the process , posing a threat to the power base upon which it is is dependent ?
The exercise of monopoly powers can often prove embarrassing to the state which must , for the sake of not looking foolish or unprincipled , resort to superficial hygienic measures .
When Bill Clinton ’s social life became an embarrassment to the establishment , his impeachment had the aforementioned cleansing consequences without , in the process , threatening the power structure .
Lying about one ’s sexual behavior — particularly when conducted in the inner sanctum of state power ( i.e. , the Oval Office ) — is not an activity that is either essential to , or enhances , the exercise of state power .
Thus , Clinton could be impeached , and public respect for the presidency restored without , in the process , depleting the coercive authority of the state .
For the same reason can the likes of u201CScooteru201D Libby , Lynndie England , Jack Abramoff , et al. , be offered up in sacrifice to the purgative needs of the state .
The Iraq war — both as to its genesis and conduct — has likewise proven an embarrassment to the established order .
The lies , deception , forged documents , and corporate - state financial corruption that have defined this undertaking , have sent public respect for President Bush as well as Congress into free - fall .
The state cannot long endure such humiliation .
But what can be done about it ?
Impeaching Bill Clinton was relatively easy , because state power was not threatened in any way .
But in the case of George W. , his malefactions go to the essence of power .
He has dismantled any semblance of constitutional government , with its u201 Cseparation of powers , u201D into a u201 Cunitary presidency u201D which , in any other society , would correctly be labeled a u201 Cdictatorship .
u201D
Nor does Mr. Bush make any pretense to the contrary , referring to himself as u201 Cthe decideru201D and having , on more than one occasion , expressed his preference for a dictatorship , u201 Cjust so long as I ’m the dictator .
u201D
President Bush feels not the least bit constrained by such niceties as the Bill of Rights , nor of the power of Congress to legislate regarding matters of which he disapproves .
He will sign legislation and then state his intentions to selectively enforce , or to ignore altogether , statutory provisions enacted by Congress .
He has also announced his intentions to attack — with nuclear weapons , should he desire to use them — any nation he has unilaterally selected as u201Cterrorist .
u201D
Should even the slightest squeak of protest be offered to his despotic practices , he will play to the peanut gallery by invoking u201 Cthe troops , u201D or u201Cterrorism , u201D or the phrase that his would - be successor , Rudy Giuliani , has made the entirety of his campaign : u201C9/11.u201D
He has elevated himself , with little or no objection from most Americans , to the status Louis XIV once declared of himself : u201CI am the state .
u201D
Do n’t think that any of this has gone unnoticed or unappreciated by either the owners of the political apparatus , or the politicians and government officials who are allowed to play on it .
With only token objection , Mr. Bush has greatly expanded the exercise of arbitrary , unrestrained executive power and , in so doing , ended any pretense of a system of constitutionally - defined government .
With the idea of an imperial presidency so readily accepted by most Americans , the owners and managers of the political order are reluctant to advocate any actions that might threaten this newly - gained source of power .
We have already seen , in the so - called Republican u201 Cdebates , u201D how eager so many of their presidential hopefuls are to emulate the war - making practices of Mr. Bush .
Nor do most of the Democrats show any dispositions for a restrained American state .
I can imagine Al Gore drooling over the prospects of becoming u201 Cthe decideru201D of matters related to global warming , or Hillary Clinton envisioning herself as the u201Cdictatoru201D of health care to the American people .
The thought of impeaching Mr. Bush thus poses a major dilemma to all members of the political establishment .
If the deceit , corruption , criminality , and downright stupidity of his administration have so embarrassed the system as to endanger its continued approval , is it possible to rehabilitate its image by any means short of impeachment ?
But since his impeachment would necessarily implicate the over - grasping for power that the rest of the political order would love to exercise on behalf of their own ambitions , dare any such hearings be undertaken ?
Thomas Jefferson got it right when , in 1819 , he observed : u201 CExperience has already shown that the impeachment the Constitution has provided is not even a scarecrow .
u201D
Those who seek or want to hold onto their existing power are not about to condemn the man who has done so much to extend its reach .
The Best of Butler Shaffer
Updated at 5:40 p.m. EST , Nov. 26 , 2007
At least 30 Iraqis were killed and four more were wounded during a light day violence .
The family of an Iraqi journalist is among the dead .
No Coalition deaths were reported .
Also , a Turkish helicopter violated Iraqi airspace on a supposed reconnaissance mission .
In Baghdad , Shi’ite gunmen invaded the al - Shabb area home of a pro-Baath journalist who is residing in Jordan and killed 11 members of his family , including his wife and children .
A roadside bomb wounded two people in Zaafaraniya .
No casualties were reported when a roadside bomb blasted an Iraqi army vehicle in al - Urfaly .
Also , four dumped bodies were found .
A drive - by shooting in Hilla left one dead and one injured .
A policeman was killed during a home invasion in Kut , while the body of a civilian was found at a separate location .
Two more people were killed in drive - by shootings .
Three bodies were found in Mosul .
A roadside bomb killed one person and wounded a second as well .
In Basra , gunmen killed a woman at a marketplace .
A clash between rival militias in Kanaan left one anti-al Qaeda militia member dead .
Four gunmen were killed in clashes with anti-al Qaeda militia in Muqudadiyah .
The Iraqi army captured 58 suspects throughout Iraq .
Another three were detained in Balad .
Three more were arrested in Diwaniya for possessing explosives .
At a checkpoint in Taji , soldiers arrested four men including two men who were passing themselves off as a bride and groom .
Also , the human rights minister in Kurdistan has reported that 97 women were burned to death and another 27 were killed by other means over the past four months .
Most of these are suspected honor killings and related suicides .
Kurdistan is considered one of the safer regions in the country .
Compiled by Margaret Griffis
Giuliani : Line between intensive questioning , torture is ' difficult one ' Muriel Kane
Published : Monday November 5 , 2007
del.icio.us
Print This Email This Republican presidential candidate Rudy Giuliani suggested this weekend that he sees only a fine line between the sort of intensive questioning practiced by New York City Police and torture .
Giuliani's attempts to define his concept of torture began when was asked a couple of weeks ago whether he believes waterboarding is torture and responded , " It depends on how it is done ; it depends on the circumstances ; it depends on who does it .
I think the way it has been defined in the media , it shouldnt be done . "
John McCain commented the next day , " All I can say is that [ waterboarding ] was used in the Spanish Inquisition , it was used in Pol Pot 's genocide in Cambodia , and there are reports that it is being used against Buddhist monks today .
...
It is not a complicated procedure .
It is torture . "
During an interview broadcast this weekend on Political Capital with Al Hunt , Hunt asked Giuliani , " You have noted the Congress has not outlawed it , and that you say it 's not necessarily torture ; it depends on the circumstances .
John McCain says you are wrong and he says you have n't served in the military and have no experience in the conduct of warfare .
Do you know more about torture than John McCain ? "
McCain was a prisoner of war in North Vietnam for over five years , during which time he was repeatedly beaten and tortured .
Giuliani's response to Hunt was , " I can't say that I do but I do know a lot about intensive questioning and intensive questioning techniques .
After all , I have had a different experience than John .
John has never been  he has never run city , never run a state , never run a government .
He has never been responsible as a mayor for the safety and security of millions of people , and he has never run a law enforcement agency , which I have done . "
" Now , intensive questioning works , " Giuliani continued .
" If I did n't use intensive questioning , there would be a lot of mafia guys running around New York right now and crime would be a lot higher in New York than it is .
Intensive questioning has to be used .
Torture should not be used .
The line between the two is a difficult one . "
McCain 's response to this , offered at a town hall appearance on Sunday , was , " When someone says waterboarding is similar to harsh interrogation techniques used against the mafia in New York City , they do not have enough experience to lead our military . "
The following video is from Bloomberg TV's Political Capital with Al Hunt ' , broadcast on November 2 , 2007 .
Obama to oppose Bush immigration pick after Halloween flap Jason Rhyne
Published : Monday December 3 , 2007
del.icio.us
Print This Email This Lieberman " inclined " to support Myers for top ICE post ; Akaka reconsidering Democratic presidential contender Sen. Barack Obama ( D - IL ) would not vote to confirm President Bush 's controversial pick to head the Department of Homeland Security 's Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency , a spokeswoman for Obama 's Senate office told RAW STORY .
Julie Myers , who was named as a recess appointment to the top ICE post by the president in 2006 , is under fire for her role in awarding a prize to a white department employee who wore dark makeup , dreadlocks and a prison costume to an agency Halloween party .
As RAW STORY revealed last week , Myers also took a " planted " question from an ICE public relations staffer at her first public press conference as chief of the agency .
Mixed with opposition from many conservatives for being ' too soft ' on immigration , the Myers nomination is now facing uncertain prospects in a potential vote by the full Senate .
" Senator Obama will not support the nomination of Julie Myers to head the Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency , " spokeswoman Amy Brundage said in an email last week .
" He has serious concerns that her recent lapses in judgment are indicative of a larger problem in her leadership . "
Obama , who sits on the Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs , did not participate in a Sept. 26 committee vote that forwarded the Myers nomination to the Senate floor .
Sen. Claire McCaskill ( D - MO ) was the sole ' no ' vote in the 8 - 1 decision .
As reported by the Associated Press , Myers had earlier appeared to have eased some Democratic fears about her experience , but the Halloween flap reignited concerns among lawmakers .
McCaskill took steps to place a " hold " on the nomination , a move her press secretary , Adrianne Marsh , told RAW STORY was designed to make certain that Myers sufficiently answered questions about her Halloween role before a vote could be taken .
She stressed , however , that the hold was not intended to be indefinite .
" Sen. McCaskill wants to ensure that she has an opportunity to talk with her colleagues .
Many of them have indicated that they are potentially changing their positions , " said Marsh , adding that McCaskill would definitely be opposing Myers .
" If and when the vote comes to the floor , she will be requesting an up or down vote so she can be on the record opposing the nomination of Julie Myers . "
Marsh underscores that a " vast majority " of McCaskill 's concerns about the the Myers nomination have to do with her belief that the ICE chief is not taking a tough enough stance against employers who hire undocumented workers .
" The Halloween incident simply layered on , " said the spokeswoman .
One key legislator who is apparently not considering a change in position is Sen.
Joe Lieberman ( I - CT ) , who chairs the Senate Committee on Homeland Security .
Lieberman spokeswoman Leslie Phillips confirmed earlier reports that the senator was " inclined " to support Myers even though he believed she had displayed a " lack of judgment " about the Halloween costume .
" Overall , she had a good record and that one incident should not disqualify her , " said Phillips , describing Lieberman 's position .
" The senator was very impressed that the [ American Federation of Government Employees union ] supported her . "
Sen. Daniel Akaka ( D - HI ) , who also sits on the Homeland Security committee -- but abstained from the committee 's vote on Myers in September -- is less convinced .
" Senator Akaka has not committed to a position on a potential floor vote , but says that the Halloween incident unfortunately merits reconsideration of her nomination , " Akaka 's press secretary , Jesse Broder Van Dyke , told RAW STORY .
" Senator Akaka agrees with Secretary Chertoff 's assessment that the costume was completely unacceptable . "
A Senate vote on the Myers nomination is yet to be scheduled , Jim Manley , a spokesman for Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D - NV ) confirmed .
He added that " what steps if any " toward that end will be decided by leadership this week .
Reid has previously indicated he has " serious concerns " with the nomination and is currently conferring with colleagues .
Republican Sen. Kit Bond ( R - MO ) surprised many last month when he made public statements opposing Myers following the Halloween affair -- but recently changed his mind on the subject after meeting with ICE officials .
" Julie Myers and those involved at ICE made a serious mistake in judgment , but she apologized , took corrective action , and now has the support and confidence of the Association of African Americans in the Department of Homeland Security as well as senior leadership , " Bond told AP .
The senator is a second cousin to Myers ' husband .
The offices of other key Senate Democrats , including four Democratic members of the Senate Committee on Homeland Security , did not respond to requests for comment on the Myers nomination .
A spokesman for Sen. John Tester ( D - MT ) said Tester was out of the country last week and unavailable for comment .
In addition to criticisms of her role in the Halloween incident , Myers has been dogged by allegations that she does n't have the experience to head the ICE , as well as charges that her appointment was fueled by cronyism .
She is the niece of former chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Richard Myers , and her husband is a US attorney who once served as chief of staff to Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff .
Myers has sought to downplay her direct involvement in judging the Halloween costume .
In a letter detailing her actions , provided to RAW STORY by McCaskill 's office , Myers contends that she had " limited interaction " with the costumed employee in question , and agreed on presenting the award to that particular individual only after her fellow judges pointed out that someone from the " operations " side of ICE should receive an award .
" At the time , he was the only ' operations ' employee that was brought to my attention , " wrote Myers of the employee .
" After a discussion that lasted at most 15 seconds , I was handed a list of the three awardees , stood up , and quickly announced the winners ... I left the room for a few minutes and went up to my office ( one floor above ) , but returned to take a photo with the winners , including this employee . "
Myers maintains that she did not immediately realize the employee was wearing makeup , and adds that the photo was later destroyed because she believed she had made an " error in judgment in recognizing an escaped prisoner . "
Julie Myers ' response to Sen. McCaskill 's Halloween inquiry is available in pdf here .
Would the religious right really will break with the Republican Party if Rudy Giuliani is the GOP ’s presidential nominee ?
Consider this Newsweek interview with Richard Land , a leading evangelical who serves as president of the Southern Baptist Convention ’s Ethics and Religious Liberty Commission .
NEWSWEEK : So we wanted to ask you , first of all , about the third party idea and whether it ’s serious .
A number of people are suggesting it is just a threat .
LAND : My intuition [ is that ] this is not a bluff .
If Giuliani is the nominee , there will be a third party .
There are things that Giuliani could do to help mitigate the damage .
But I have been in too many discussions over the last 15 years where evangelical leaders have said , “ The one thing we will never allow to happen is for the Republican Party to take us for granted the way the Democrat [ sic ]
Party too often takes the African - American community for granted . ”
This is not a bluff .
Land added that he could n't violate his " moral conscience " by voting for a pro-choice Republican , and he believes " somewhere between 25 percent and a third " of the party agrees .
There ’s data to suggest Land is probably about right .
A new LAT / Bloomberg poll , released this morning , found that Giuliani is still the frontrunner for the Republican nomination , but “ about one - third of GOP voters said they would consider supporting a third - party candidate in the general election if the party nominee supported abortion and gay rights . ”
It undermines Giuliani's " electability " argument a bit , does n't it ?
These last weeks the MSM has been reporting news that , would n’t it be for the seriousness of the Hubbert Peak , would belong in the section of bizarre news of your local newspaper .
First it was the report by PFC Energy that imposed a responsibility on oil exporting countries to supply oil importing countries .
Jérôme showed his indignation on this kind of pressure on oil exporters to bring crude on the market , no matter what .
And then another pearl , the US Democratic Congress and Senate proposed a bill to amend anti-trust laws in order to make possible suing foreign countries that do not supply the market with desired quantities of oil .
Luckily there seems to be some sane people at the Republican White House .
No , this is not a bundle of people going mad at the same time ; these are just modern ( although awkward ) manifestations of the Carter Doctrine .
As explained by Professor Michael T. Klare , the Carter Doctrine is a legacy of the 1970s oil crisis that basically transforms resources in foreign regions into indigenous assets that will be protected and controlled , no matter what .
And Europe is not the good guy of this play .
As a hole it deployed troops in Afghanistan , and its Christian Democrat and Liberal states played along with the Iraq commission ( after trying “ politely ” to secure Iraqi oil through the UN ) .
The problem is that those elected do n’t seem to have any other way to deal with the common man on the street , demanding , complaining , raging , about gasoline prices .
This is how electors get in touch with the Hubbert Peak , and being sadly clueless about it , they just cry like a baby that ’s losing its candy .
And instead of saying “ grow up , it ’s time to forget about the candy ” those elected simply reply “ daddy ’s gonna fetch you more candy ” .
But how high are gasoline prices ?
Searching the web it is possible to find the price of a short gallon of regular gasoline for a number of countries around the World .
In April the USAToday published a good number of prices provided by the AA Motoring Trust .
And the Wikipedia gathers prices reported on the media during the last months .
Compiling these numbers one gets Figure 1 .
Figure 1 – Prices of a short gallon of gasoline in US $ around the World .
Source : AA Motoring Trust via USAToday and Wikipedia .
Click to enlarge .
These prices report mainly to April and May of 2007 with a small number of them being from last summer , when oil prices were above 70 $ per barrel like today .
Some variations would occur if these prices where all from the same epoch , but they are good enough to get the overall picture .
It is important to note though , that South America with two countries and Africa with one are poorly represented .
Looking at Figure 1 three big groups of countries can be identified :
below 3 $ / gallon – mainly composed by oil exporting countries and some developing Asian countries that facilitate the access to fuel ;
from circa 4 $ / gallon to 6 $ / gallon – starting in Brasil and ending up in Poland this is a set of mostly developed ( or close to ) countries that perform mild tax policies on gasoline ;
above 6 $ / gallon – mostly wealthy countries that apply heavy tax policies on gasoline ( Turkey being an obvious exception ) .
The United States is to be fond in no -man ’s land with 3.1 $ / gallon , closer to the countries that subsidize consumption than those that do not .
But this is just half of the picture because in different countries a gallon of gasoline has different weights on the individual ’s budget .
One way to assess this difference would be to ponder the gasoline price against the average wage of each country .
This approach was not taken for two reasons : first the average wage is not as available as other statistics and second it is biased by the tax policies followed in each country ( e.g. the average wage in Norway is considerably lower than in the US , while both countries have similar numbers for GDP per capita ) .
Since the IMF publishes GDP per capita numbers in its World Economic Outlook for most of the countries in the World , this statistic was alternatively used ( a quick compilataion can be found at Wikipedia ) .
GDP ( Gross Domestic Product ) is a measure of the wealth generated in a country during a reference period ( usually one year ) .
GDP per capita is not affected by tax policies ( which broadly speaking determines which part of the GDP is managed directly by the state ) and is probably a best measure of individual wealth than average wages .
For the above countries , of which gasoline prices are known , the GDP per capita figures are the following :
Figure 2 – GDP per capita for the countries featured in Figure 1 .
Source : IMF World Economic Outlook .
Click to enlarge
Besides Luxembourg , there are no big surprises in this graph .
It is interesting to note that most major oil exporters are yet to achieve the levels of wealth in Europe , where almost every country is above 20000 US $ / cap .
Of special note is Nigeria , one of the world ’s largest oil exporters .
This situation will likely change in consequence of the Hubbert Peak .
Luxembourg seems to be in a different level , but there are explanations for that .
The country is a tax safe heaven situated right in the heart of Europe ( at the cross point of the axis Paris – Frankfurt and Amsterdam – Strasbourg ) making it favourable territory for financial / banking institutions .
Also the majority of the workforce labouring in Luxembourg lives in the surrounding countries .
With this two sets of data ( GDP and gasoline prices ) it is possible to compute the weight of gasoline on an individual ’s available wealth .
Figure 3 shows the cost of a short gallon of gasoline as percentage of the wealth available daily per individual .
Figure 3 – Cost of a short gallon of gasoline as percentage of daily GDP .
Click to enlarge .
Again three main groups can be roughly devised :
below 1.5 % - less wealthy countries that export oil ;
from 4 % to circa 8 % - wealthier countries ;
above 10 % - less wealthy countries that import oil .
The cost of a short gallon of gasoline in Nigeria is a scorching 56 % of daily available wealth per capita .
And this is an oil exporting country , in other African countries the costs of fuel is probably too high to have real meaning , and most people live without it .
Once more the US is in no -man ’s land , this time accompanied by Luxembourg .
In both of these countries a gallon of gasoline , as a fraction of available wealth , costs close to what it costs in oil exporting countries .
Table 1 tries to give further insight on the cost of gasoline in the US and Luxembourg .
The prices shown are those that equal the wealth costs of a short gallon in Japan , Germany and Brasil .
Table 1 – Prices for the US and Luxembourg that equal the wealth costs of a short gallon of gasoline in Japan , Germany and Brasil ( US $ )
Japan Germany Brasil United States 5.50 9.75 18.40 Luxembourg 10.25 18.00 34.00
The average cost of gasoline in Europe is 7.53 % of daily GDP per short gallon .
This is very close to the figure for France .
In light of that , Table 2 presents what the gasoline prices would have to be in France to match the wealth costs in the US , China and Brasil .
Table 2 – Prices for France that equal the wealth costs of gasoline in the US , China and Brasil
United States China Brasil US $ / gal 2.20 9.85 13.00 €/ litre 0.45 1.95 2.55
Of note is also the disparity found among member states of the EU .
Even with the half - harmonization imposed by the VAT , different states have completely different tax policies on fossil fuel consumption .
Even discounting Luxembourg , gasoline in Estonia costs the double of what it costs in Ireland , and in Portugal almost the triple .
Among the member states with lower gasoline costs , are some with visible commercial deficits , like Spain or Italy .
This is probably an issue yet to be address in the framework of the European Construction .
Looking at these numbers it does n’t seem to be the right time for the Carter Doctrine to set in .
Gasoline prices are only cheaper than in the EU or the US in the countries that currently posses the base resource and that are yet to get to the western standards of wealth .
Countries like Venezuela or Turkmenistan have a significantly lower population and per capita consumption than the EU or the US .
Gasoline prices in these less wealthy oil producing countries can’t have a visible impact on prices in the wealthy countries .
Taking direct control of these countries ’ resources is very likely a vain strategy .
Luís de Sousa
The Oil Drum : Europe
Mr Olmert said negotiations with the Palestinians would continue
Yuval Diskin , head of security service Shin Bet , told the cabinet there was a plan to ambush the convoy in August .
But before the attack could be carried out , Palestinian forces had arrested three plotters and the Israeli forces another two , he said .
Mr Olmert met Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas on 6 August as planned .
Palestinian officials say the three suspects they detained had only talked of attacking Mr Olmert , but did not act on their talk and were released on 25 September .
After hearing of the alleged plot in the Sunday cabinet meeting , Mr Olmert complained of the suspects ' release but said negotiations with the Palestinians would continue .
Mr Abbas and Mr Olmert have been meeting regularly ahead of a US conference on Palestinian statehood later this year .
I just decided to share my feelings on Islam and Terrorism .
The PIRATE Act is back , and this time it means business .
Sen. Patrick Leahy ( D - VT ) and Sen. John Cornyn ( R - TX ) yesterday introduced the Intellectual Property Enforcement Act ( PDF ) , with Leahy saying , " The PIRATE Act has passed the Senate on three separate occasions ; this should be the Congress in which it becomes law . "
Like previous incarnations of the PIRATE Act , this one tries to force the Department of Justice to bring suits against individual file - swappers , something that could save the recording industry plenty of money and could also displace some of the " bad guy " stigma that the labels have acquired after suing people like Jammie Thomas .
The bill would give the Department of Justice authority to bring civil ( not just criminal ) cases against infringers , though it does limit penalties to those that could be imposed in criminal proceedings .
The Attorney General can also bring such civil suits only when the act in question constitutes a crime ( such civil suits can be easier to win ) .
Leahy and Cornyn want Justice to start prosecuting file - sharers , which sounded like a bad idea the first time we heard it and has n't gotten any better since .
Since the No Electronic Theft Act passed in the late 1990s , the DoJ has actually had the authority to bring criminal cases against file - swappers under certain situations ; to date , it has not filed a single one .
The Department would no doubt rather be busting gangsters , child molesters , and even actual counterfeiting rings , but it seems like some members of Congress are intent on pressing Justice to get involved in the P2P lawsuit game — something that Big Content would dearly love to see happen .
The bill also provides more funding to counter intellectual - property crimes involving both computers and Internet , along with more FBI agents to investigate such crimes .
" Copyright infringement silently drains America 's economy and undermines the talent , creativity and initiative that are a great source of strength to our nation , " said Leahy .
" When we protect intellectual property from copyright infringement , we protect our economy and our ideas . "
Layout
Layout - o- Matic a tool which allows to select a layout type , width , and other options to the left , and then click Download or View and pick up your multi-column CSS layout starter kit ( turning it into something unique and beautiful not included ) .
You ’re welcome to use the resulting generated layouts for any purpose , personal or commercial .
CSS Creator creates a fluid or fixed width floated column layout , with up to 3 columns and with header and footer .
Values can be specified in either pixels , ems or percentages .
CSS HTML PHP Website Template Maker is a PHP / HTML / CSS template generator that creates a two column layout with both a header and a footer .
This PHP / CSS Style
Sheet template generator outputs full featured tableless code i.e. tables are NOT used for the template with the column layout .
The resulting template is a combination of several files i.e. this is a true PHP , html , CSS template that makes it easy to control multiply pages at a web site .
CSS Rounded Box Generator is a tool to generate HTML and CSS for rounded corner boxes .
Firdamatic is an online tableless layout generator that allows you to create and customize layouts easily only by completing forms , making creating skins for your Firdamatic - based layout a breeze .
This tool is available for free for personal / non - commercial use only .
Free CSS Template Code Generator yields a three column layout without using any Tables .
This HTML & CSS Style Sheet template generator outputs a full featured 3 column template .
Resulting in an instant web page with a customized template that can be used to control the look of an entire site .
Page Maker – The Generator Form v2.90 CSS Source Ordered Variable Border 1 - 3 Columned Page Maker
QrONE CSS
Designer online CSS style editor .
Forms
JotForm is a great Web based WYSIWYG form builder .
You can select a form type ( Contact Us , Satisfaction Survey , Job Application , Suggest Website , Membership Registration , Party RSVP , Wedding Attendance , Reservation , Submit Product , and others ) .
Your new form will be created with the default fields on the selected form .
Accessible Form Builder makes it possible to generate XHTML - compliant accessible forms quicky and easily .
Including the option of selecting what type of input you need .
CSS Form Code Maker is a HTML / CSS form generator that creates a nice looking layout for forms .
Add a ‘ little color ’ to the forms .
Fonts
Typetester is an online application for comparison of the fonts for the screen .
Its ’ primary role is to make web designer ’s life easier .
As the new fonts are bundled into operating systems , the list of the common fonts will be updated .
Typetester ’s code structure is XHTML , styled with the finest CSS and driven by the JavaScript for manipulating DOM structures .
Typetester will not work without JavaScript enabled .
CSS Font and Text Style Wizard is brought to you due to the popularity of the HTML and CSS Table Border Style Wizard .
Use this wizard to experiment with font and text styles and generate sample CSS style source code .
This wizard uses dynamic HTML to change the style of the table in - situ , without loading another page .
It is cross - browser compatible with Firefox , Netscape , Internet Explorer , and other modern browsers .
Em Calculator is a small JavaScript tool which helps making scalable and accessible CSS design .
It converts size in pixels to relative em units , which are based on a text size .
korhoen typeviewer – a css typeviewer .
Choose font size , font family , font weight , font style , font variant , text transform , text - align , line - height word - spacing letter - spacing .
Navigation
CSS Tab Designer is a unique and easy to use software to help you design CSS - based lists and tabs visually and without any programming knowledge required .
With the CSS Tab Designer , you can quickly design your list visually , choose from a variety of styles / colors ( 60 + different designs / colors supported ) , generate strict XHTML compliant code .
Colly ’s CSS rollover generator allows to create two distinct styles of rollover button , using CSS and just one image .
You can optionally allow some background space above your image in which to place CSS - controlled rollover text .
CSS Menu Generator generates both the CSS and the HTML code required to produce a text - based yet appealing set of navigation buttons .
As text links are fast becoming preferred over images where search engine optimization is needed , a CSS menu can give the effectiveness of text links with a better look than standard text links .
For an example of a CSS menu , look at our navigation on the left .
List - O- Matic generates CSS - styled navigation menus based on list items .
List - O - Rama !
allows you to generate nice CSS inline menus in seconds .
Just walk through the wizard and insert the text of the links , choose the vertical or horizontal menu , pick the design and click on finish .
The code is automatically generated and inserted in your page .
Formatters and Optimizers
CSS
Tweak enables you to optimize your CSS from your Mac ’s desktop .
The widget accepts CSS files dropped onto it .
Once you drop a CSS file in , you are presented with tweaking options .
You can choose to enable or disable any of the options , just the same as on the CSS Tweak website .
Once you hit tweak , the CSS file is sent to the CSS Tweak server , tweaked , and then sent back and saved in the same location as your original file .
CSS Compressor is an utility to compress your CSS to increase loading speed and save on bandwidth as well .
You can choose from three levels of compression , depending on how legible you want the compressed CSS to be versus degree of compression .
The “ Normal ” mode should work well in most cases , creating a good balance between the two .
CSSTidy is an opensource CSS parser and optimiser .
It is available as executeable file ( available for Windows , Linux and OSX ) which can be controlled per command line and as PHP script ( both with almost the same functionality ) .
In opposite to most other CSS parsers , no regular expressions are used and thus CSSTidy has full CSS2 support and a higher reliability .
Tabifier is a tool to properly indent computer code .
The style it produces is a mix of my personal preferences for indentation plus what I could manage to make a program produce from dirty source .
The tabifier currently supports CSS , HTML , and C Style code ; the latter being anything that uses curly braces to start and end blocks , and semicolons to terminate statements .
JavaScript and PHP both fall into that latter category .
CSS Beautifier offers a variety of options , among them – Style Rule Settings , Style Property Settings , Alphabetizing Feature and De-Capitalization Feature .
CSS Formatierer und Optimierer is based on csstidy 1.3dev .
The service is available in 4 languages : English , Deutsch , French , Chinese .
It provides different compression layouts ; you can sort selectors , properties , regroup selectors , optimize shorthands , compress colors , compress font - weight , discard invalid properties and add timestamps .
It also allows to create a custom template the system will use to format the code .
Note that your code should be well - formed .
This is not a validator which points out errors in your CSS code .
Clean CSS is a tool to optimize and format your CSS .
Note that your code should be well - formed .
This is n’t a validator which points out errors in your CSS code .
Format CSS
Online automatically formats your CSS ( cascading style sheets ) so they are easy to read and edit .
Online CSS
Optimizer is a web tool for reducing the file size of cascading style sheets .
In order to save more space optimized files would be messy even so you may output it as a file .
Non-valid or hacked ( for certain browsers ) CSS files may result in error .
Online CSS
Optimiser / Optimizer is a tools which takes in a CSS file , and parses and outputs a leaner version , removing any redundancies and attributes which are not needed .
It removes comments , white space ( such as excess spaces ) ; converts RGB values to Hex , converts
Hex values in the format # RRBBGG to # RGB ; changes zero values with a size specified to 0 , changes values such as border : 1 px 2px 1px 2 px ; to border : 1px 2 px ; and more .
Color Tools
I Like Your Colors ! is a tool to extract the colors from the HTML and CSS of any web site .
Compare the colors easily using hue groups .
CSS Color Chart
This page contains a neutral colors chart and a general - purpose color chart .
You can use the colors in the palettes with either HTML or CSS .
Click on the color code to select it , then you can copy and paste it .
Click on the Toggle button to convert from Hex to RGB and back .
The charts are printed in tabular fashion so you can narrow your browser window with the palette and compare the colors to your design side - by - side .
Online CSS Scrollbar Color Changer allows to change the color of your HTML scrollbars for Internet Explorer .
Enter your colors in hex format , e.g. “ FF0033 ” or click the color chip for a popup color picker .
The CSS for the scrollbars that you create is displayed automatically below .
Copy it into your HTML page to easily change the scrollbars for your website .
Things really could n’t be better for Apple right now .
Its phone and music businesses are soaring , Mac market share is growing at a voracious rate , and Leopard is another critical and commercial success in the midst of Vista ’s flop .
Oh , and the stock is so high that a share from 199 6 7 that cost $ 8 then is now worth more than $ 43,000
A lot of money ( misremembered the number of AAPL splits .
The stock did drop down to $ 8 in 1997 , though ) .
But things were not always so rosy .
Travel back to the spring of 1997 , a land of rap-rock and bridges to the 21st century .
A time before Lewinski .
Apple was a shambles .
Gil Amelio ruled as CEO .
Steve Jobs was half - in , half - out of the fold .
Apple owned NeXT , but the company was three years from a shipping version of Mac OS X .
The iMac had n’t even been announced , for crying out loud .
Ever-vigilant , Wired put out 101 theories for how Apple could be saved in the June 1997 issue .
Looking back , some of them are eerily prescient ( 15 .
Dump or outsource the Newton and other sidelights , 34 .
Port the OS to Intel ) and some are hilariously off the mark ( 1 . Get out of the hardware game , 35 .
Clone the Powerbook ) .
As a nostalgia - fest , I ’ve decided to highlight the ten best and ten worst of the list .
That all follows after the jump , as is a link to the full story .
Rent space in a computer store , flood it with Apple products ( especially software ) , staff it with Apple salespeople , and display everything like you ’re a living , breathing company and not a remote , dusty concept .
18 . Stop being buttoned - down corporate and appeal to the fanatic feeling that still exists for the Mac. Power Computing ’s “ I ’ll give up my Mac when they pry it from my stiff , dying fingers ” campaign hits the right note .
In the tech world , it ’s still a crusade .
Support the Mac community , and the Mac community will support you .
25 . Portables , portables , portables .
Pick the best - of - breed Wintel in each of the portable categories and then better it .
Wintel has a fantastic range .
26 .
If you sell it , make it !
Stop releasing new products if you ca n’t fulfill the orders .
Angering the few loyal customers you still have isno way to do business .
37 .
Take advantage of NeXT ’s easy and powerful OpenStep programming tools to entice a new generation of Mac software developers .
50 . Give Steve Jobs as much authority as he wants in new product development .
Let Gil Amelio stick to operations .
There ’s no excitement at the top , and Apple ’s customers want to feel like they ’ve joined a computer revolution .
Even if Jobs fails , he ’ll do it with guns a - blazin ’ , and we ’ll be spared this slow water torture that Amelio has subjected us to .
62 . Build a computer that does n’t crash .
70 . Simplify your PC product line .
Reduce the number of Apple motherboards and the number of distinct Apple system models .
87 . Price the CPUs to sell .
Offer novice users the ability to enter the Mac market at a competitive price point and move up the power curve as their level of sophistication increases .
The initial price keeps new buyers away .
98 . Testimonials .
Create commercials featuring real - life people in situations where buying a Mac ( or switching to a Mac ) saved the day .
Worst Recommendations
2. License the Apple name / technology to appliance manufacturers and build GUIs for every possible device – from washing machines to telephones to WebTV .
Have them all use the same communications protocol .
Result : you monopolize the market for smart devices / homes .
20 .
Tap the move toward push media by creating a network computer with state of - the - art technologies , e.g. , videogame support for Nintendo 64 , top notch graphics such as QuickDraw 3D , and the best possible bandwidth .
21 . Sell yourself to IBM or Motorola , the PowerPC makers .
You can become the computer division that Motorola wants or the alternative within IBM .
This would give the company volume for its PowerPC devices and leverage for other PowerPC offerings .
22 . Create a new kids ’ computer , an upgradable Wintel - compatible machine , in bright rugged colors that can take stickers and duct tape , and that a young user can call his / her own .
This machine has two killer apps : autograding of homework for the teachers ; passing notes via wireless for the kids .
Price : US $ 350 before upgrades .
24 . Pay cartoonist Scott Adams $ 10 million to have Dilbert fall in love with a Performa repairwoman .
59 .
Invest heavily in Newton technology , which is one area where Microsoft ca n’t touch you .
Build voice recognition and better gesture recognition into Newton , making a new environment for desktop , laptop , and palmtop Macs .
Newton can also be the basis of a new generation of embedded systems , from cash registers to kiosks .
60 . Abandon the Mach operating system you just acquired and run Windows NT kernel instead .
This would let Mac run existing PC programs .
( Microsoft actually has Windows NT working on Mac hardware .
It also has emulation of Mac programs with NT running on both Power PC and x86 . )
82 . Give the first Apple made exclusively for Windows a cheeky name ( like The Big Apple ) and an irresistible industrial design like the 20th - anniversary Macintosh .
Introduce it with a mammoth ad campaign that shows the makers of other Windows PCs running for cover , as if they ’ve been fearing Apple ’s monstrous entry into their market for decades .
85 . Quit making each Mac in a platform - specific case , with platform - specific parts .
Make one case for desktop systems and another for laptops .
The case , chassis , and all that stuff needs to be as upgradable as the system software used to be .
99 . Reincorporate as a nonprofit research foundation .
Instead of buying computers , customers would buy memberships , just as they do in the National Geographic Society .
They ’d receive an Apple computer as part of their membership perks .
Dues would be tax - deductible .
Your ( eventual ) profits would also be tax - exempt , and the foundation could continue its noble battle to keep Microsoft on its toes .
Read the rest of the excellent list here .
Via Sam of UM .
Thanks for the tip , Andrew !
The new White House “ fact sheet ” on the economy declares that job growth since August 2003 is the “ longest continuous months of job growth on record . ”
That ’s literally true – the Bureau of Labor Statistics data from the great jobs boom of the 1990s do show a couple of scattered months of job decline , although these are probably statistical blips .
But by any reasonable standard , job growth in the Bush years has fallen way short of growth in the Clinton years .
All the data are available at the BLS web site .
Over the whole of the Clinton administration , the economy added 22.7 million jobs – 237,000 per month .
Over the whole of the Bush administration to date , the economy added only 5.8 million jobs – 72,000 per month .
The Bushies like to pretend that history began in August 2003 , so that they can ignore the job losses early in the administration .
But even that does n’t do the trick .
Since August 2003 , the economy has added 8.5 million jobs – 172,000 per month .
So even by cherry - picking the good Bush years and pretending the bad years never happened , they still ca n’t match the average rate of job creation under Clinton .
Now , you might say that Clinton does n’t deserve all the credit for good things that happened on his watch – and I agree .
But it ’s the Bushies who are trying to spin a mediocre job record into proof that their policies are wonderful .
Did I mention that the Clinton job boom followed an , um , increase in taxes ?
Hey !
You !
Get Off of My Cloud !
Storing carbon dioxide deep below the earth ’s surface could be a safe , long - term solution to one of the planet ’s major contributors to climate change .
University of Leeds research shows that porous sandstone , drained of oil by the energy giants , could provide a safe reservoir for carbon dioxide .
The study found that sandstone reacts with injected fluids more quickly than had been predicted - such reactions are essential if the captured CO2 is not to leak back to the surface .
The study looked at data from the Miller oilfield in the North Sea , where BP had been pumping seawater into the oil reservoir to enhance the flow of oil .
As oil was extracted , the water that was pumped out with it was analysed and this showed that minerals had grown and dissolved as the water travelled through the field .
Significantly , PhD student Stephanie Houston found that water pumped out with the oil was especially rich in silica .
This showed that silicates , usually thought of as very slow to react , had dissolved in the newly - injected seawater over less than a year .
This is the type of reaction that would be needed to make carbon dioxide stable in the pore waters , rather like the dissolved carbonate found in still mineral water .
The study gives a clear indication that carbon dioxide sequestered deep underground could also react quickly with ordinary rocks to become assimilated into the deep formation water .
The work was supervised by Bruce Yardley , Professor in the School of Earth and Environment at the University , who explained : “ If CO2 is injected underground we hope that it will react with the water and minerals there in order to be stabilized .
That way it spreads into its local environment rather than remaining as a giant gas bubble which might ultimately seep to the surface .
“ It had been thought that reaction might take place over hundreds or thousands of years , but there ’s a clear implication in this study that if we inject carbon dioxide into rocks , these reactions will happen quite quickly making it far less likely to escape . ”
Although extracting CO2 from power stations and storing it underground has been suggested as a long - term measure for tackling climate change , it has not yet been put to work for this purpose on a large scale .
“ There is one storage project in place at Sleipner , in the Norwegian sector of the North Sea , and some oil companies have actually used CO2 sequestration as a means of pushing out more oil from existing oilfields , ” said Prof Yardley .
In the UK the Prime Minister has recently announced a major expansion of energy from renewable sources and the launch of a competition to build one of the world 's first carbon capture and storage plants .
The Leeds study suggests the technique has long - term potential for safely storing this major by - product of our power stations , rather than allowing it to escape and further contribute to global warming .
Source : University of Leeds
Explore further Plants without cellular recycling systems get creative in the dark
Each year , a few days before Thanksgiving , the President of the United States formally pardons a live turkey presented to him by the National Turkey Federation ( NTF ) , and this ceremony has become a White House tradition which is annually covered by the press .
Of recent years , news stories about the annual bestowment of clemency on the Presidential gobbler have often asserted the tradition began in 1947 , with President Harry Truman first pardoning a bird .
Lamentably , the press have often explained the tradition wrongly .
President Truman was neither the first U.S. president to pardon a turkey ( he did n’t pardon any of the birds presented to him ) , nor did the modern annual tradition begin with him .
Let ’s dispose of the Truman - related claims first , because they ’re the easiest to deal with .
While it is true the National Turkey Federation has been supplying an annual holiday bird to the White House since 1947 ( which was when Truman was in office ) , nothing in the record of the Truman presidency supports the notion that any of the birds so provided was spared by that First Family .
Indeed , the official record keeper of that presidency , the Truman Library , says it has been unable to locate anything that would serve to connect President Truman with the pardoning of turkeys :
The Truman Library has received many requests over the years for information confirming the story that President Truman “ pardoned ” a Thanksgiving turkey in 1947 , thus initiating a Presidential tradition that continues to this day .
The Library ’s staff has found no documents , speeches , newspaper clippings , photographs , or other contemporary records in our holdings which refer to Truman pardoning a turkey that he received as a gift in 1947 , or at any other time during his Presidency .
Truman sometimes indicated to reporters that the turkeys he received were destined for the family dinner table .
By the way , the turkey provided to the First Family in 1947 by the NTF was a Christmas bird , handed over on 15 December 1947 .
As to who spared the first Presidential gobbler , one charming bit of folklore lays that honor at the feet of Abraham Lincoln .
Supposedly , his ten - year - old son , Tad Lincoln , christened as “ Jack ” a bird given to Honest Abe in 1863 and was therefore less than delighted by the prospect of having his feathered friend served up on a platter at the family ’s Christmas feast .
The boy , it is said , burst into one of his father ’s cabinet meetings to plead for the bird ’s life , a request Lincoln agreed to .
But the tale does n’t end there :
On election day in 1864 , Lincoln spied Jack at his polling place at the White House and demanded of Tad , “ What business has the turkey stalking about the polls in that way ?
Does he vote ? ” “ No , ” said Tad .
“ He ’s not of age . ” ( Other accounts maintain that Jack was not a turkey at all , but rather a soldier doll sent to Tad by the Sanitary Commission in New York .
During a play session with friends the Lincoln boys accused Jack of military misbehavior and then sought a pardon for him from their father , who obligingly wrote them a note stating that “ The Doll Jack is pardoned by order of the President . ” )
The passage of time , the dearth of well - maintained news archives contemporaneous to that presidency , plus the fact that so many of the homespun “ Honest Abe ” tales in common circulation have turned out to be lore as opposed to factual reportings of actual occurrences leaves us unable to say yea or nay to the anecdote .
However , even if it were to emerge that the Lincoln story were a relatively reliable account of an actual event , though it might establish that a bird meant for the Presidential table was spared , at no point did anyone use the word “ pardon . ”
The earliest provable instance of the word “ pardon ” being used in connection with a presidential holiday bird attaches to a gobbler given in 1963 by the California Turkey Advisory Board to President John F. Kennedy .
However , Kennedy did not pardon the creature presented to him in the Rose Garden on 18 November 1963 ; he merely announced he did n’t plan to eat the bird .
Newspapers nevertheless reported the following day the bird had been “ pardoned . ”
The first president to use a form of the word “ pardon ” in connection with a turkey was President Ronald Reagan in 1987 , but even then he was n’t granting a stay of execution to a bird at risk of being eaten ; he was deflecting with humor some questions posed by the media that he did not want to answer .
Reagan parried queries about whether he would pardon Iran - Contra figures Lt. Col .
Oliver North and former national security adviser John Poindexter by joking that if that year ’s turkey had not been destined for a petting farm , “ I would have pardoned him . ”
Surprisingly , this tradition which now everyone remembers as having gone on forever apparently began with President George H.W. Bush in 1989 .
At that year ’s Thanksgiving presentation of a bird for the First Family ’s table , in his remarks to those assembled , he said , “ But let me assure you — and this fine tom turkey — that he will not end up on anyone ’s dinner table .
Not this guy .
He ’s been granted a presidential pardon as of right now , allowing him to live out his days on a farm not far from here . ”
President George H.W. Bush bestowed subsequent poultripital pardons on Thanksgiving birds in each succeeding year of his presidency , thereby establishing the tradition .
The National Turkey and the Alternate National Turkey ( designated in case the national bird ca n’t fulfill his duties ) both receive pardons that spare them from becoming anyone ’s dinner and go on to live out their natural lives in petting zoos or on farms .
However , those granted such reprieves generally fail to live for long ; they usually succumb within a year of their pardons .
Fast - growing , commercially - raised turkeys tend to expire fairly quickly , as they grow too large for their body structure and are too susceptible to disease .
Sightings :
In an episode of television ’s The West Wing ( “ Shibboleth , ” original air date 22 November 2000 ) , Press Secretary C.J.
Cregg is given the unenviable task of selecting which of the two turkeys presented to the White House will be pardoned by the President .
Column
You ’ve probably heard of – if not actually read – that modern - day classic , “ Dreaming in Code ” .
The book is subtitled “ Two dozen programmers , three years , 4,732 bugs and one quest for transcendent software ” .
For those who have n’t heard of it , suffice to say that the book covers the development of Chandler , an over - ambitious open - source PIM project which has been going for …. well … quite some time .
Bankrolled by Mitch Kapor of Lotus 1 - 2 - 3 fame , Chandler has apparently been in progress since late 2002 / early 2003 – perhaps earlier .
I guess the book ’s subtitle is a tad over - optimistic ...
I downloaded a copy of Chandler the other day , just to see how things were shaping up .
As soon as I launched version 0.7 , my CPU usage shot up to around 40 - 50 per cent and peaked at nearly 75 per cent as I dragged Chandler ’s main window around the screen .
Memory usage was equally dire – it started around 70 M bytes and went up from there as I tried out the user interface .
In terms of run -time resources , Word seemed positively parsimonious by comparison .
I suspect that part of the reason for the poor performance lies in the OSAF ’s idiosyncratic decision to build Chandler around Python .
Personally , I ’d have gone with C++ and either Qt or wxWidgets in order to achieve their cross-platform , open source goals with good run-time performance .
I do appreciate that Python has some unique capabilities which influenced their design decisions ( e.g. , see here ) but the bottom line , from where I ’m sitting , is that Chandler is still an awful long way off from that magic 1.0 release .
Now imagine a book subtitled “ Twenty million programmers , over five years , 4,732,421 bugs and one quest for a transcendent operating system . ”
( You can see where I ’m going with this one , ca n’t you ? )
Just a few days ago , as I write , Dell announced that due to customer demand ( in the USA ) , they would once more be making XP available , pre-installed , on their computers [ in fact , in Australia , this is , apparently , “ no change ” – you do n’t muck Aussies around – Ed ] .
This is quite a surprising move : once a new Windows operating system is released , there ’s usually something of a three - line whip from Redmond , designed to ensure that the various OEM ’s sell only the latest and greatest , at least to home users and small businesses .
But no – you can now mosey over to the Dell site , choose a system , and click one of two buttons labelled “ Customise with Windows Vista ” or “ Customise with Windows XP ” .
I suspect other suppliers will soon follow suit …
What does this tell you ?
It tells me that Vista sales are far from impressive - and remember that Microsoft does n’t split out the figures for actual sales to people that specifically want Vista , from passive “ sales ” included with new PCs .
I believe there are a number of factors working together here , principally the high cost of the OS , the need to buy better hardware , driver / hardware incompatibility issues and the plain fact that – sexy party dress aside – it ’s the same old tart underneath .
Contrasting what was originally promised with what was finally delivered , Vista ( nee Longhorn ) has spectacularly failed .
None of this should be hugely surprising ; but to understand why , we need to backtrack a little … back to 1981 / 1982 in fact .
In those far off days , when Windows 1.0 was just a gleam in Bill ’s eye , I used to come home from work , have a nice meal , help the wife put the kids to bed , put on my slippers and then settle down to a relaxing evening poring over enormous disassemblies of IBMBIO .
COM , IBMDOS .COM , COMMAND.COM and other chunks of MSDOS .
Yes , that ’s right ; I was the quintessential geek before most people knew what a geek was ...
It embarrasses me now to think about it , but in my defence , there is a definite streak of autism in the family .
One of my sons has Asperger ’s , and I still grapple with a compulsion to disassemble every piece of software I can lay my hands on .
If I do n’t know how it works , I do n’t trust it .
The key point is this : my ultimate geeky dream was to get my hands on the source code of MSDOS , and later Windows .
Knowledge , as they say , is power , and I knew that if I could only understand every little nook and cranny of the operating system , then I would rule the entire universe .
[ Cue evil cackle … ]
Moving swiftly on to 2004 , I met with one of the biggest disappointments of my life .
Part of the source code to Windows 2000 was leaked onto the net and – yes , you ’ve guessed – I took a little peek at it .
Instead of the finely honed ( well , fairly finely honed ) assembler code which had graced the early days of MSDOS , I found a vast sprawl of spaghetti in assembler , C , C++ , all held together with blu - tack .
The sources contained many now - famous comments including “ We are morons ” and “ If you change tabs to spaces , you will be killed !
Doing so f***s the build process ” .
More of this here .
If you ’ve got Dreaming in Code , you ’ll also find it mentioned to on pages 308-309 .
It was the end of my dreams of world domination .
I hated that loathsome , tangled , interdependent , unstructured source code .
I knew that it would take forever and a day to understand it all , and frankly – why bother ?
Just one word stuck in my mind : unmaintainable .
As you may remember , Windows XP was already out by the time that source code got leaked .
In fact , back in 2004 , Microsoft had been talking about Longhorn / Vista for three years .
Just a few months after the leak , it was announced that WinFS , the flagship relational file system , would n’t ship with Vista after all .
And I knew why : unmaintainable .
Microsoft have managed to cobble together a new look and feel for Windows , but a lot of folks are scratching their heads wondering what other advantages there are in upgrading your graphics card and adding another GByte of RAM ?
What ’s the reason ?
Unmaintainable .
In the long years since XP was launched , Apple have come out with five major upgrades to OS X , upgrades which ( dare I say it ? ) install with about as much effort as it takes to brush your teeth in the morning .
No nightmare calls to tech - support , no sudden hardware incompatibilities , no hassle .
Why has n’t Microsoft kept up ?
Unmaintainable .
Right now , Microsoft has nowhere to run , and nowhere to hide .
After all the hype surrounding Vista , the Emperor has finally been revealed in all his naked glory .
Some folks have been predicting the demise of Microsoft .
I would n’t go that far , but I am wondering how we ’re ever going to take Microsoft seriously again ? ®
Ever since Jeff Bezos founded Amazon in 1994 , it has been one of the largest and most popular e-commerce web stores offering its services worldwide .
It has brought a huge transformation in the retail industry and changed the landscape of various marketplaces .
With more than 310 million active customer accounts you get a massive customer base to reach out to .
Let ’s dig into a few more important stats that highlight how Amazon is the preferred online shopping destination for users .
About 89 % of the consumers agree that they are more likely to buy products from Amazon in comparison to other e-commerce sites .
There are about 103 million Amazon Prime members in the US alone .
90 % of the customers check prices on the Amazon site before purchasing a product .
Amazon shipped about 5 billion products worldwide last year .
Amazon has created a huge disruption in the retail sector .
One of the visible results is the migration of customers from brick - and - mortar stores to online platforms .
You are aware of how e-commerce has revolutionized the shopping experience of the consumers .
It allows them to shop 24x7x365 days from anywhere , offering a plethora of choices at best prices .
Due to these wide spectra of benefits , several retailers from around the world are getting connected to the Amazon platform .
Now it ’s your turn so , hurry up !
In this blog , we will drive you through the major benefits of connecting your retail store with Amazon .
Increment in the Flow of Cash
One of the key issues faced by brick - and - mortar stores is that the cash flow has become stagnant .
People who went to specialized stores were not sure that they would get the product that they were looking for at the desired price .
It started affecting the sales of the brick - and - mortar store and that is what drove the retailers to adopt Amazon .
We can explain this with an example .
Suppose , you are the owner of a grocery store offering all kinds of items .
You may have amazing sales but with the passage of time , you observe that the scenario is changing .
The foot traffic that you were receiving earlier has started to fall .
Now , it is time to make a smart decision and establish your sales on Amazon .
It allows you to work directly with your suppliers and you can sell your products online with their approval .
Selling on Amazon Boosts Your Branding
One of the other major bonuses that you receive when choosing the Amazon marketplace is that it helps to boost your brand .
You are getting a viable platform that already has more than 310 million shoppers .
So , what better place can you avail to build your brand where millions of buyers visit on a day - to - day basis ?
Of course , you will have to compete with several other retailers on board but if you offer optimum product quality at an affordable price , the customers will definitely take notice .
Again , if the marketplace visitors start searching for the product on Google from whom they have purchased the item , it will lead to increased traffic and repeated purchasing .
Thus , you can convert the marketplace visitors into buyers .
Also , if you are planning to opt for Amazon advertising to reach out to more customers and buyers , you need to choose the right set of marketing tools .
Improved Negotiating Powers with the Suppliers
Once you are able to increase your sales on popular marketplaces like Amazon or eBay , you are in a better position to negotiate terms with a few of your suppliers .
This happens because of the enhanced cash flow .
It also allows you to boost your margins on the products that you sell in the store .
You can even access the volume discounts on merchandise .
With digital advertising gaining more space , Amazon ads have also become popular , providing you with a good understanding of where your product stands .
As time progresses , the customer base of the Amazon marketplace will certainly expand for sure and people will get many more choices .
Thus , it ’s the right time to start selling your products on the largest e-commerce website .
Researchers have used nanotechnology to create transparent transistors and circuits , a step that promises a broad range of applications , from e-paper and flexible color screens for consumer electronics to " smart cards " and " heads - up " displays in auto windshields .
The transistors are made of single " nanowires , " or tiny cylindrical structures that were assembled on glass or thin films of flexible plastic .
" The nanowires themselves are transparent , the contacts we put on them are transparent and the glass or plastic substrate is transparent , " said David Janes , a researcher at Purdue University 's Birck Nanotechnology Center and a professor in the School of Electrical and Computer Engineering .
Other researchers had previously created nanowire transistors , but the metal electrodes in the transistors were non-transparent , which made the overall structure opaque , said Tobin J. Marks , the Vladimir N. Ipatieff Professor of Chemistry and a professor in the Department of Materials Science and Engineering at Northwestern University .
" Our study demonstrates that nanowire electronics can be fully transparent , as well as flexible , while maintaining high performance levels , " Marks said .
" This opens the door to entirely new technologies for high - performance transparent flexible displays . "
Findings were detailed this month in a research paper in the journal Nature Nanotechnology .
The advancement has three broad areas of potential applications :
-- Transparent displays for uses such as heads - up displays on windshields and information displays on eyeglasses and visors .
The displays enable drivers to see information without looking down at the dashboard and could project information on visors for workers without obstructing their view .
Potential applications also include sports goggles for spectators to follow a particular player while having relevant statistics displayed and real - time interactive information for soldiers and surgeons .
-- Flexible displays for future " e- paper , " promising to allow full - motion video .
E - paper is a technology designed to mimic regular ink on paper .
Unlike conventional flat - panel displays , which use a backlight to illuminate pixels , e-paper reflects light like ordinary paper and is capable of holding text and images indefinitely without drawing electricity while allowing the image to be changed later .
Potential uses of e-paper include low - cost , energy efficient ways of displaying information and video as a replacement for paper in magazines , newspapers , books , electronic signs and billboards .
-- Transparent and flexible electronics for radio frequency identification tags , electronic bar codes and smart credit cards , which resemble ordinary credit cards but contain an embedded microprocessor .
This microprocessor replaces the usual magnetic strip on a credit or debit card , increasing the security of data stored on the card and enabling computers to " talk " to the microprocessor .
Such a technology could be used to display balances on cards and could be used for the free flow of people through transportation systems , avoiding the need of ticketing machines or validation gates .
The cards could contain encryption software , secure data for use in pay phones and banking , and to contain health - care data for patients and allow tamper - proof identification information for workers .
The nanowires were made of zinc oxide or indium oxide .
Unlike conventional computer chips - called CMOS , for complementary metal oxide semiconductor chips - the thin - film transistors could be produced less expensively under low temperatures , making them ideal to incorporate into plastic films , which melt under high - temperature processing .
Liquid crystal displays now used in applications such as color cell phone screens are made with thin - film electronics .
This thin - film technology makes it possible to lay down electronic devices in large sheets containing individual pixels .
Current thin - film electronics use technologies known as amorphous silicon and poly - silicon .
" These approaches work fine if you have a flat , rigid display that 's going to be opaque , " Janes said .
" They require fairly high - temperature processing , so they are not good on plastic , although industry is working really hard to get them on plastic and make them lightweight , flexible and transparent . "
An alternative , emerging technology uses so - called " organic " or " plastic " transistors to replace the conventional silicon that has been a mainstay of microelectronics for decades .
While this technology enables transistors to be embedded in or printed on flexible plastic , it has lower performance , although major advances are being made , Marks said .
The new research represents the best of both worlds .
" You can get high performance because the nanowires themselves give you some unique performance advantages , and you could still think of dispersing them down over large areas for displays , smart credit cards and other applications , " Janes said .
The nanowires are transparent because they are made of materials that do not absorb light in the visible range of the spectrum .
In conventional electronics , transistors are connected to the rest of the circuitry by tiny lines of metal that act as wires .
But in the new approach , the nanowires are the transistors .
" This is a different kind of wire , " Janes said .
" It is basically taking the place of the silicon in silicon electronics . "
One reason for the higher performance realized in the new technology is that the devices have a better " on-off ratio " than previous thin - film technologies , Janes said .
Having a good on - off ratio helps conserve power , making the new thin - film transistors practical for portable battery - powered devices .
" In a transistor , you are trying to turn it off and on , like a switch , " Janes said .
" But unlike a wall switch in your house , a transistor never really turns completely off .
There is always a little bit of leakage through it , sort of like crimping a garden hose . "
The nanowire transistors help to reduce this leakage while also offering the possibility of precisely controlling the pixels in displays .
" We think of transistors as switches , but we do n't just want them to be full on or full off , " Janes said .
" We 'd like it to have gray scale , to be able to mix up many colors to get different subtle shades .
And that 's in part where this on - off ratio comes into play .
We want to be able to turn it on , have the pixel light up really bright , but we also want to be able to controllably dim it down . "
Television screens contain millions of pixels .
Rows and columns of circuits crisscross in the large arrays , with each pixel located at the intersections .
Control circuitry drives transistors and turns them on and off .
Researchers found that transistors using a single nanowire carry enough current to drive a single pixel .
" Ideally , we want to have circuitry where each pixel has a drive transistor and then some control transistors with it so that you can turn your pixels on and off , " Janes said .
The new nanowire transistors could be used to create electronics based on another emerging technology called OLEDS , or organic light - emitting diodes .
OLEDS are now used in cell phone and MP3 displays and the newest television sets , Marks said .
Unlike liquid crystal displays , the pixels in OLEDS directly emit light .
" In LCDs , the whole screen is backlit by a white light , and then each pixel is basically just a little filter that you can turn on and off , " Janes said .
" So the light you see is not directly being emitted by that pixel ; it 's being kind of screened by that pixel .
In OLEDS , each pixel directly emits light , making the color richer and eliminating the need to backlight the display .
Because OLEDS pixels are bright only when their part of the image is bright , they are more efficient , and they are ideal for use in transparent displays . "
The technology also could be used to create new flexible antennas that unfurl like a sail and aim their signals more precisely than current antennas .
" What the military would really like is for the soldiers to be able to pull up to their destinations and unroll this large - area antenna array and be able to communicate with each other , " Janes said " Most antennas do n't work this way now .
For example , you might notice that your cell phone sometimes gets a signal and sometimes does n't .
Part of the reason for this is that your antenna does n't have any way to look just in one direction versus everywhere .
You want this sort of omni-directional effect in commercial broadcast antennas for television or radio , but for certain military communications you 'd like to go just from one soldier to another and transmit in a tight beam . "
The new transparent technology has been shown to have " carrier mobilities " similar to those of conventional computer microprocessors , meaning electrons travel in the devices at nearly the same speed as current consumer electronics but in a low - cost , flexible package .
" The significantly higher mobilities than other thin - film transistor technologies offer the potential to operate at much higher speeds and to use much smaller transistors and other devices , " Janes said .
Research has been funded by NASA through the Institute for Nanoelectronics and Computing , based at Purdue 's Discovery Park , and at Northwestern University .
Nanotechnology is critical for the advancement because electricity flows differently on the scale of nanometers , or billionths of a meter , than it does in larger wires .
The nanowires used in the research measure as small as 20 nanometers in diameter .
A single nanometer is roughly the size of 20 hydrogen atoms strung together .
Future research is expected to include work to integrate the thin - film transistors into large circuits and to develop ways to interconnect numerous transistors .
Source : Purdue University
Dell and Ubuntu , sitting in a tree
Dell launched the IdeaStorm web site last year as part of an effort to open up a dialog with consumers .
The IdeaStorm respondents overwhelmingly called for Dell to embrace freedom of choice by ending the era of vendor lock - in and offering computers preloaded with the increasingly popular Ubuntu Linux distribution .
Ubuntu provides a comprehensive open source software platform built on top of the robust Linux kernel and the versatile GNOME desktop environment .
Although the Linux operating system has traditionally been the realm of skillful technophiles and adept programmers , Ubuntu veers away from that stereotype and breaks into the mainstream by delivering a revolutionary combination of flexibility and ease of use .
The Ubuntu platform is a complete replacement for the Windows operating system .
Unlike Windows , Ubuntu is available completely free of charge and comes bundled with a broad variety of useful software , including a fully - functional office suite .
Ubuntu is open source , which means that its components are distributed under permissive licenses that grant users the freedom to study , modify , and redistribute the programs .
Open source software provides an alternative to commercial proprietary software , which — much like music that is encumbered with DRM — can only be used in the manner dictated by the creator .
Ubuntu liberates users from arbitrary restrictions and does n't contain invasive antipiracy spyware mechanisms like Windows Genuine Advantage .
Favored by a growing multitude of software developers and Linux enthusiasts , Ubuntu was the obvious choice for Dell 's first forceful foray into freedom .
Dell currently offers Ubuntu on a handful of different systems .
I tested the Dell Inspiron Notebook 1420 N preloaded with Ubuntu 7.04 .
Tech specs
CPU : Intel Core 2 Duo T5250 1.5 GHz , 2MB of L2 Cache , 667MHz FSB
Display : 14.1 " widescreen 1280x800
Video : Intel Integrated Graphics Media Accelerated 3100
Hard drive : 80 GB ( 5400 rpm )
OS : Ubuntu Linux 7.04
RAM : 1 GB
Optical drive : 24x CD-RW/DVD combo
Networking : Intel Pro Wireless 3945 , integrated 10/100 Ethernet
First impressions
The 1420n is a sturdy and attractive laptop .
Although the lid does n't have a latch , it stays closed when shaken and the hinges are very sturdy .
The top of the lid has a smooth , matte black finish and a circular Dell emblem in the center .
The keyboard is pretty much what you would expect from a laptop .
The key arrangement is relatively good , and includes home , page up , page down , and end keys running along the far right side .
The 14.1 inch widescreen monitor provides a beautiful crisp image , but the quality of the 1420 n 's built - in speakers fails to impress .
Bright blue LEDs for power , WiFi , bluetooth , and the hard drive are present on the front edge of the system where they are also visible when the lid is closed .
The left side of the laptop has a socket for the AC adapter , a firewire port , and two USB ports .
The front of the laptop has an SD card slot , a WiFi toggle switch , and jacks for headphones or speakers and a microphone .
The right side has the optical disk drive tray , an S - Video out port , two USB ports , and a VGA port .
The back has an Ethernet port and a modem .
The 1420n has several buttons along the top above the keyboard .
By default , the home button launches the Rhythmbox music player and the power button launches the logout dialog window .
There are also volume control buttons and multimedia buttons for pausing and playing , skipping tracks , and stopping playback .
The volume control buttons work perfectly right out of the box and display a visual notification when activated .
The multimedia control buttons work in both Rhythmbox and the Totem movie player .
The operations associated with these buttons are fully configurable in the keyboard shortcuts dialog .
1. 10 Books That Have ' Fuck ' In Their Title
2. Top 10 Angry Comedians
3. Top 10 Dumbest Online Business Ideas That Made It Big Time
4. Top 10 Facts About Top 10 Facts
5 . The Top 10 Weirdest USB drives Ever
6. Top 10 Weird Laws Of The World
7. Top 10 Google Video Documentaries You Have To Watch
8. Top 10 Odd College Courses
9. 10 Incredible Pieces Of Furniture Made From Used Bike Parts
10 . Top 10 Most Strange Monuments
Ok , I admit the list is arbitrary , but I think that all of these Top 10 lists are pretty cool and entertaining .
Who Is Shawn Casey ?
Is He For Real ?
Urgently Need Cool Domain Name Ideas , Will Pay For Your Suggestions
One Dollar Is n’t Much Money , But It Will Buy You A Bridge In Wisconsin
It Has Success In The Title , But This Magazine Has Been A Total Failure For Over A Century
On 1 December , faith healers will meet at Roots & Shoots in south London to discuss how to treat Aids with magic pills .
They wo n't call themselves faith healers , of course , or shamans or juju men .
They will present themselves as ' homeopaths ' : serious men and women whose remedies are as good as conventional medicine .
According to the advance publicity , Hilary Fairclough , a homeopath endorsed by no less than Jeanette Winterson , will describe the ' impressive ' results from her clinic in Botswana .
Harry van der Zee , co-founder of the Amma Resonance Healing Foundation , will say that ' in just a few days or weeks '
African Aids patients he treated became ' symptom - free and able to return to their jobs and schools or to look after their children again ' .
All in all , the Society of Homeopaths promises to provide ' fascinating insights ' for World Aids Day .
It can do no such thing .
Of all the pseudo - sciences on offer , homeopathy is the most obviously spurious .
Devised by Samuel Hahnemann in the late 18th century , it holds that the smaller the dose of a mineral or herb the more potent it is .
Thus , if you go into a chemist and buy a homeopathic sulphur remedy marked 30C , the proportion of sulphur to inert packaging in a pill is 1 to 100,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000 , 000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000 .
A glass of water is more likely to cure you .
Yet dismissing homeopathy as quackery given by and for the feeble - minded is surprisingly hard .
Anti-elitism dominates our society and many feel uncomfortable saying that the six million people who take alternative medicines are foolish - to put the case against them at its kindest .
They sincerely believe in phoney remedies and sincerity trumps sense in modern culture .
In rich and privileged societies where good health is taken for granted , homeopathy feels somehow natural when set against cold , conventional medicine .
Today 's audiences have no difficulty believing doctors and drugs companies are more villainous than their alternative rivals .
Scrabbling around for a new plot after the end of the Cold War , John le Carre came up with The Constant Gardener , a story about drug manufacturers murdering Africans .
' Big pharmaceuticals are right up there with the arms dealers , ' declares one character , who could n't tell the difference between an antibiotic and a cluster bomb .
Far from being dismissed as shallow , The Constant Gardener was a hit as a novel and a film .
You might have thought that the medical establishment would make a stand for science .
After all , the reputations of the chief medical officer , Department of Health civil servants and doctors depend on their being able to say that they have tested their remedies in double - blind trials and understand why and how they work .
But they happily go along with fake treatments that do n't stand up to the most cursory scrutiny .
GPs use homeopaths as a dumping ground for hypochondriacs and the state pays for five homeopathic ' hospitals ' .
With the flood of money to the NHS about to be stemmed , Whitehall ought to close them and concentrate scarce resources on medicine that works .
However , any minister bold enough to argue for the effective use of public funds would face strong opposition .
About 100 MPs signed a Commons motion asserting that homeopathic hospitals were ' valuable national assets ' that could magic away conditions from eczema to irritable bowel syndrome .
Well - known loons were joined by otherwise intelligent politicians who were content to have constituents conned .
Maybe they believed the standard justification for the homeopathy that the ' placebo effect ' is a real psychological phenomenon .
Patients suffering from minor ailments can feel better after taking a sugared pill .
I 've never liked the argument because there would be no placebo effect if patients were told the truth .
To endorse homeopathy on the NHS is to endorse state deception .
In his forthcoming Counterknowledge , Damian Thompson of the Daily Telegraph goes further and makes a persuasive case that what we tend to dismiss as harmless fads for Cherie Blair and her kind cause immense suffering in the wider world .
The NHS 's backing for public homeopathic hospitals legitimises private homeopaths .
An investigation by Newsnight showed 10 of them putting patients ' lives in danger by rejecting anti-malarial drugs for pills containing infinitesimal quantities of garlic and citronella oil .
But you have to turn to the Africa le Carre could n't see to understand how the bugbears of people we think of as eccentrics can turn lethal .
For years , South African President Thabo Mbeki has done his best to hinder the distribution of anti-retroviral drugs .
He listens to Peter Duesberg , a biologist who argues that to prevent Aids , all you need to do is eat well and avoid recreational drugs .
After hearing Duesberg speak at a conference , Anthony Fauci , the usually mild - mannered Aids adviser to the American administration , said : ' This is murder .
It 's really that simple . '
It 's not just Duesberg .
Bogus nutritionists in Britain and Germany claim vitamin C is as effective a treatment for Aids as anti-retrovirals and , as we have seen , homeopaths are claiming Africans can walk out of their clinics ' symptom - free ' .
Do n't think that just because they seem obscure cranks their ideas can't have influence when the net makes them available to anyone anxious to deny the established facts about Aids .
Suppose the old regime had n't fallen and a white minority government was indulging Aids denialists .
I think it 's fair to guess the streets of the world 's capitals would be full of demonstrators accusing the apartheid government of being complicit in the mass killing of blacks .
Terms such as ' genocide ' and ' ethnic cleansing ' would be tossed about and those who provided spurious arguments to justify the neglect of South Africa 's Aids ' victims would be denounced as the accomplices of a criminal policy .
As it is , there are no demonstrations because it is a black government presiding over the disaster and its supporters are n't in big pharmaceutical companies but funny little alternative institutes we too causally dismiss as quaint .
It 's remarkably common for a grandson to take up his grandfather 's major project .
This occurred to me when I read recently of Thor Heyerdahl 's grandson taking up his mission to cross the Pacific on a raft .
But what really struck me was the BBC story aired on July 23rd documenting President George W. Bush 's grandfather 's involvement in a 1933 plot to overthrow the U.S. government and install a fascist dictatorship .
I knew the story , but had not considered the possibility that the grandson was trying to accomplish what his grandfather had failed to achieve .
Prescott Sheldon Bush ( 1895 to 1972 ) attended Yale University and joined the secret society known as Skull and Bones .
Prescott is widely reported to have stolen the skull of Native American leader Geronimo .
As far as I know , this has not actually been confirmed .
In fact , Prescott seems to have had a habit of making things up .
He sent letters home from World War I claiming he 'd received medals for heroism .
After the letters were printed in newspapers , he had to retract his claims .
If this does not yet sound like the life of a George W. Bush ancestor , try this on for size : Prescott Bush 's early business efforts tended to fail .
He married the daughter of a very rich man named George Herbert Walker ( the guy with the compound at Kennebunkport , Maine , that now belongs to the Bush family , and the origin of Dubya 's middle initial ) .
Walker installed Prescott Bush as an executive in Thyssen and Flick .
From then on , Prescott 's business dealings went better , and he entered politics .
Now , the name Thyssen comes from a German named Fritz Thyssen , major financial backer of the rise of Adolph Hitler .
Thyssen was referred to in the New York Herald - Tribune as " Hitler 's Angel . "
During the 1930s and early 1940s , and even as late as 1951 , Prescott Bush was involved in business dealings with Thyssen , and was inevitably aware of both Thyssen 's political activities and the fact that the companies involved were financially benefiting the nation of Germany .
In addition , the companies Prescott Bush profited from included one engaged in mining operations in Poland using slave labor from Auschwitz .
Two former slave laborers have sued the U.S. government and the heirs of Prescott Bush for $ 40 billion .
Until the United States entered World War II it was legal for Americans to do business with Germany , but in late 1942 Prescott Bush 's businesses interests were seized under the Trading with the Enemy Act .
Among those businesses involved was the Hamburg America Lines , for which Prescott Bush served as a manager .
A Congressional committee , in a report called the McCormack - Dickstein Report , found that Hamburg America Lines had offered free passage to Germany for journalists willing to write favorably about the Nazis , and had brought Nazi sympathizers to America .
( Is this starting to remind anyone of our current president 's relationship to the freedom of the press ? )
The McCormack - Dickstein Committee was established to investigate a homegrown American fascist plot hatched in 1933 .
Here 's how the BBC promoted its recent story :
" Document uncovers details of a planned coup in the USA in 1933 by right - wing American businessmen .
The coup was aimed at toppling President Franklin D Roosevelt with the help of half - a- million war veterans .
The plotters , who were alleged to involve some of the most famous families in America , ( owners of Heinz , Birds Eye , Goodtea , Maxwell Hse & George Bushâ€™s Grandfather , Prescott ) believed that their country should adopt the policies of Hitler and Mussolini to beat the great depression .
Mike Thomson investigates why so little is known about this biggest ever peacetime threat to American democracy . "
Actually , if you listen to the 30 - minute BBC story , there is not one word of so much as speculation as to why this story is so little known .
I think a clue to the answer can be found by looking into why this BBC report has not led to any U.S. media outlets picking up the story this week .
The BBC report provides a good account of the basic story .
Some of the wealthiest men in America approached Marine Corps Major General Smedley Butler , beloved of many World War I veterans , many of them embittered by the government 's treatment of them .
Prescott Bush 's group asked Butler to lead 500,000 veterans in a take - over of Washington and the White House .
Butler refused and recounted the affair to the congressional committee .
His account was corroborated in part by a number of witnesses , and the committee concluded that the plot was real .
But the names of wealthy backers of the plot were blacked out in the committee 's records , and nobody was prosecuted .
According to the BBC , President Roosevelt cut a deal .
He refrained from prosecuting some of the wealthiest men in America for treason .
They agreed to end Wall Street 's opposition to the New Deal .
Clearly the lack of accountability in Washington , D.C. , did not begin with Nancy Pelosi taking Dubya 's impeachment off the table , or with Congress ' decision to avoid impeachment for President Ronald Reagan ( a decision that arguably played a large role in installing Prescott Bush 's son George H.W. Bush as president ) , or with the failure to investigate the apparent deal that George H.W. Bush and others made with Iran to not release American hostages until Reagan was made president , or with the failure to prosecute Richard Nixon after he resigned .
Lack of accountability is a proud tradition in our nation 's capital .
Or maybe I should say our former nation 's capital .
I do n't recognize the place anymore , and I credit that to George W. Bush 's efforts to fulfill his grandfather 's dream using far subtler and more effective means than a military coup .
Bush the grandson took office through a highly fraudulent election that he nonetheless lost .
The Supreme Court blocked a recount of the vote and installed Dubya .
Prescott 's grandson proceeded to weaken or eliminate most of the Bill of Rights in the name of protection from a dark foreign enemy .
He even tossed out habeas corpus .
The grandson of Prescott , that dreamer of the 1930s , established with very little resistance that the U.S. government can kidnap , detain indefinitely on no charge , torture , and murder .
The United States under Prescott Bush 's grandson adopted policies that heretofore had been considered only Nazi policies , most strikingly the willingness to openly plan and engage in aggressive wars on other nations .
At the same time , Dubya has accomplished a huge transfer of wealth within the United States from the rest of us to the extremely wealthy .
He 's also effected a major privatization of public operations , including the military .
And he 's kept tight control over the media .
Dubya has given himself the power to rewrite all laws with signing statements .
He 's established that intentionally misleading the Congress about the need for a war is not a crime that carries any penalty .
He 's given himself the right ( just as Hitler did ) to open anyone 's mail .
He 's created illegal spying programs and then proposed to legalize them .
Prescott would be so proud !
The current President Bush has accomplished much more smoothly than his grandfather could have imagined a feat that was one of the goals of Prescott 's gang , namely the elimination of Congress .
_______
Some envision a universal archive — the basis for a total history of the human race .
TOM GAULD
In 1938 , Alfred Kazin began work on his first book , “ On Native Grounds . ”
The child of poor Jewish immigrants in Brooklyn , he had studied at City College .
Somehow , with little money or backing , he managed to write an extraordinary book , setting the great American intellectual and literary movements from the late nineteenth century to his own time in a richly evoked historical context .
One institution made his work possible : the New York Public Library on Fifth Avenue and Forty - second Street .
Kazin later recalled , “ Anything I had heard of and wanted to see , the blessed place owned : first editions of American novels out of those germinal decades after the Civil War that led to my theme of the ‘ modern ’ ; old catalogues from long - departed Chicago publishers who had been young men in the eighteen - nineties trying to support a little realism . ”
Without leaving Manhattan , Kazin read his way into “ lonely small towns , prairie villages , isolated colleges , dusty law offices , national magazines , and provincial ‘ academies ’ where no one suspected that the obedient - looking young reporters , law clerks , librarians , teachers would turn out to be Willa Cather , Robert Frost , Sinclair Lewis , Wallace Stevens , Marianne Moore . ”
It ’s an old and reassuring story : bookish boy or girl enters the cool , dark library and discovers loneliness and freedom .
For the past ten years or so , however , the cities of the book have been anything but quiet .
The computer and the Internet have transformed reading more dramatically than any technology since the printing press , and for the past five years Google has been at work on an ambitious project , Google Book Search .
Google ’s self - described aim is to “ build a comprehensive index of all the books in the world , ” one that would enable readers to search the list of books it contains and to see full texts of those not covered by copyright .
Google collaborates with publishers , called Google Publishing Partners — there are more than ten thousand of them around the world — to provide information about books that are still copyright protected , including text samples , to all users of the Web .
A second enterprise , the Google Library Project , is digitizing as many books as possible , in collaboration with great libraries in the U.S. and abroad .
Among them is Kazin ’s beloved New York Public Library , where more than a million books are being scanned .
Google ’s projects , together with rival initiatives by Microsoft and Amazon , have elicited millenarian prophecies about the possibilities of digitized knowledge and the end of the book as we know it .
Last year , Kevin Kelly , the self - styled “ senior maverick ” of Wired , predicted , in a piece in the Times , that “ all the books in the world ” would “ become a single liquid fabric of interconnected words and ideas . ”
The user of the electronic library would be able to bring together “ all texts — past and present , multilingual — on a particular subject , ” and , by doing so , gain “ a clearer sense of what we as a civilization , a species , do know and do n’t know . ”
Others have evoked even more utopian prospects , such as a universal archive that will contain not only all books and articles but all documents anywhere — the basis for a total history of the human race .
In fact , the Internet will not bring us a universal library , much less an encyclopedic record of human experience .
None of the firms now engaged in digitization projects claim that it will create anything of the kind .
The hype and rhetoric make it hard to grasp what Google and Microsoft and their partner libraries are actually doing .
We have clearly reached a new point in the history of text production .
On many fronts , traditional periodicals and books are making way for blogs and other electronic formats .
But magazines and books still sell a lot of copies .
The rush to digitize the written record is one of a number of critical moments in the long saga of our drive to accumulate , store , and retrieve information efficiently .
It will result not in the infotopia that the prophets conjure up but in one in a long series of new information ecologies , all of them challenging , in which readers , writers , and producers of text have learned to survive .
As early as the third millennium B.C. , Mesopotamian scribes began to catalogue the clay tablets in their collections .
For ease of reference , they appended content descriptions to the edges of tablets , and they adopted systematic shelving for quick identification of related texts .
The greatest and most famous of the ancient collections , the Library of Alexandria , had , in its ambitions and its methods , a good deal in common with Google ’s book projects .
It was founded around 300 B.C. by Ptolemy I , who had inherited Alexandria , a brand - new city , from Alexander the Great .
A historian with a taste for poetry , Ptolemy decided to amass a comprehensive collection of Greek works .
Like Google , the library developed an efficient procedure for capturing and reproducing texts .
When ships docked in Alexandria , any scrolls found on them were confiscated and taken to the library .
The staff made copies for the owners and stored the originals in heaps , until they could be catalogued .
At the collection ’s height , it contained more than half a million scrolls , a welter of information that forced librarians to develop new organizational methods .
For the first time , works were shelved alphabetically .
Six hundred years later , Eusebius , a historian and bishop of the coastal city of Caesarea , in Palestine , assembled Christian writings in the local library .
He also devised a system of cross-references , known as “ canon tables , ” that enabled readers to find parallel passages in the four Gospels — a system that the scholar James O’Donnell recently described as the world ’s first set of hot links .
A deft impresario , Eusebius mobilized a team of secretaries and scribes to produce Bibles featuring his new study aid ; in the three - thirties , the emperor Constantine placed an order with Eusebius for fifty parchment codex Bibles for the churches of his new city , Constantinople .
Throughout the Middle Ages , the great monastic libraries engaged in the twin projects of accumulating large holdings and , in their scriptoria , making and disseminating copies of key texts .
The rise of printing in fifteenth - century Europe transformed the work of librarians and readers .
Into a world already literate and curious , the printers brought , within half a century , some twenty - eight thousand titles , and millions of individual books — many times more than the libraries of the West had previously held .
Reports of new worlds , new theologies , and new ideas about the universe travelled faster and more cheaply than ever before .
The entrepreneurial world of printing made much use of the traditional skills of learned librarians .
Giovanni Andrea Bussi , a librarian of the papal collection of Sixtus IV , also served as adviser to two German printers in Rome , Conrad Sweynheym and Arnold Pannartz , who began printing handsome editions of classical texts , edited , corrected , and sometimes prefaced by Bussi .
Like many first movers , Bussi and his partners soon found that they had overestimated the market , with disastrous financial results .
They were not the last impresarios of new book technologies to experience this kind of difficulty .
Still , the model of scholars advising printers became normal in the sixteenth century , even if , in later centuries , the profit - driven industry of publishing and the industrious scholarship of the libraries gradually became separate spheres .
Remarkably , this ancient model has been resurgent in recent years , as sales of university - press books have dwindled and the price of journal subscriptions has risen .
With electronic publishing programs , libraries have begun to take on many of the tasks that traditionally fell to university presses , such as the distribution of doctoral dissertations and the reproduction of local book and document collections — a spread of activities that Eusebius would have found natural .
What Does God Think of Political Debates ?
They fight , they argue , they bicker , they posture for favorable opinion .
The nation watches .
Yet few think about how the Author of the Bible sees televised arguments between politicians .
Everyone loves a good debate , or so it seems .
Watching a political candidate verbally clash with his opponent using biting quips and well - timed barbs makes for good drama , even for anxious onlookers who have already made up their minds .
In the modern age of political campaigns , debates are akin to …
DIFFERENT AGES , DIFFERENT VIEWS DIFFERENT AGES , DIFFERENT VIEWS
Parents and students 18 to 25 years old do n't always agree on what it takes to considered a grown - up .
Percentages saying this is necessary to being an adult : Driving a car safely and close to the speed limit
• Students : 49 %
• Dads : 75 %
• Moms : 81 % Avoid becoming drunk
• Students : 43 %
• Dads : 60 %
• Moms : 70 % Settled into long - term career
• Students : 53 %
• Dads : 31 %
• Moms : 39 % Becoming financially independent from parents
• Students : 93 %
• Dads : 76 %
• Moms : 82 % Source : Larry Nelson of Brigham Young University CAST YOUR VOTE CAST YOUR VOTE
Once upon a time , 18 - to 25 - year - olds were considered adults .
That 's a fairy tale now , say most parents of college students , and their kids agree in a new study that confirms " growing up " comes later .
READERS :
At what age did you become an adult and how did you know ?
Only 16 % of mothers and 19 % of fathers say their children this age have reached adulthood .
And their kids do n't dispute it : Just 16 % consider themselves grown up in the online survey of 392 college students and their 590 parents .
The study , reported in the December issue of Journal of Family Psychology , involved students on five diverse campuses .
Most kids agreed with parents that one must take responsibility for one 's actions and have good emotional control to be considered an adult .
But parents were far more likely than students to see not becoming drunk and driving safely as vital to adulthood .
" Possibly , this is leftover adolescent stuff , " says family life researcher Larry Nelson of Brigham Young University , the study leader .
Many kids are no more responsible about drinking or driving than they were in high school , he says .
A lot of binge drinking and experimenting goes on in college .
" They 're out of the home , and that 's more conducive , " he says .
Longer life spans have encouraged a more leisurely pace of growing up , says Maryse Richards , an expert in adolescent psychology at Loyola University in Chicago .
" This group is different than adolescents , but not yet adults . "
The term " emerging adults " was coined by psychologist Jeffrey Arnett of Clark University about 10 years ago when he began to study this phase .
Arnett says his studies gave young people another answer option besides " adult " or " not adult " : " in some ways yes , in some ways no . "
About two - thirds chose this last option .
He found that most young people the same age but not in college also did n't feel grown up .
" We have a new life stage we did n't have a few decades ago , " says Arnett , author of Emerging Adulthood : The Winding Road From the Late Teens Through the Twenties .
More education with years off between degrees , later marriages , having fewer children and more couples living together before marriage have delayed " settling down , " he says .
" Emerging adults do things , such as travel and trying out different kinds of jobs , that they could n't have done as adolescents and wo n't be able to do as adults , " Arnett says .
Nelson 's study is one of the very few on this age group that has parents ' views , he says .
In Arnett 's research , young people reported that their relationships with their parents were good .
Some young adults , however , flounder and " have conflicts with parents over areas of disagreement , " Nelson says .
Although parenting books abound , " there is little out there to help parents with their kids at this stage . "
READERS :
At what age did you become an adult and how did you know ?
Share advice with ' Generation Next ' ( and , as always , please keep it clean ) Enlarge By Nancy Palmieri , AP University of Massachusetts students rallied and refused to attend class to demand fee rollbacks , more diversity , student control of student space and an end to police patrols in dorms .
Though legally adults , many people ages 18 to 25 agree with their parents that they have some growing up to do .
Conversation guidelines : USA TODAY welcomes your thoughts , stories and information related to this article .
Please stay on topic and be respectful of others .
Keep the conversation appropriate for interested readers across the map .
QR Code Link to This Post
As a citizen of neither the US nor the UK , permit me to be offend both lots of infantile name callers with some substantive comparisons .
Constitution :
The US declaration of independence and the constitutional arrangements are the foundations of a great country and a great society , a land of opportunity .
Britain , in contrast , is a mildewed relic with hereditary monarchy , an established church and a society in which people are not equal before the law ; some are born " Lords " .
America has citizens .
Britain has subjects .
And the subjects LIKE being subjects .
They are sentimentally attached to their chains .
( I 'll take the Statue of Liberty and all that it represents any day ) .
The proper attitude towards subjects is CONTEMPT .
Most Brits think the monarchy is good for tourism , and most of those gawpers are American .
For a nation of citizens they have a craven and pathetic liking for anything with a touch of royalty .
The only possible explanation is a deep insecurity about their place in the world .
This is entirely appropriate to a nation of johnny - come - latelies , parevenus and nouveau riche in search of sophistication .
The very correct British attitude to the American royal sycophant is DISDAIN .
But this is only because he is a colonial bumpkin ( the check pants and cameras are a give away ) .
If he were British he would be a patriot and a very fine fellow .
He would also have a little more class in the deportment department .
Media ( newspapers and television ) : with a few exceptions the UK is so far ahead of the US that comparison is impossible .
The British read more newspapers per head of population , more books , borrow more from libraries and are an all round better read nation .
Americans are a nation of couch potatoes .
Except when they to go the movies .
Unfortunately , the Brits can't pat themselves on the back as they also have the world 's worst gutter press .
The Daily Sport is surely the most sordid daily comic in the English language .
And it is n't even honest hardcore filth , it 's very typically British , full of prurient vicarious titillation .
Sadly , in recent years , British daytime TV has followed some very bad examples from the US .
Knowledge of Geography : America has dumbfuckistan ( the red states where they believe in the literal truth of the bible but could n't tell you the names of the two rivers between which civilization began and in what country they may be found ; to put fools out of their misery : Tigris , Euphrates and Iraq ) .
In the ignorant reactionary redneck dept the British have at least got yobs who have passports , who have been overseas and who go for a curry after they get drunk and abuse foreigners .
Far more British people have spent more time overseas than Americans as a proportion of the population .
The small size of the country , the climatic incentive to travel , and the fact of having more than a pathetic 10 days a year annual holiday all help considerably .
The British abroad , especially the football hooligans , can be bloody , and they are cheap and mean and they no speaka the language .
Americans are better mannered and more generous , even when they can't afford it .
Healthcare : America is a dog - eat - dog society in which tens of millions are shit out of luck if they do n't have health insurance .
Britain is a vastly more civilized country by comparison , in which healthcare is available free of charge if needed .
The National Health Service in the UK is still a disaster in need of radical reform .
A million employees is too many and the service does n't offer the value for money that it should do .
Nevertheless , while people grumble about this they do n't generally live in fear of sickness and if they fall sick they do n't have sell their homes .
Britain may not be as efficient as it could be , but this is a lot better than being simply barbaric .
Large numbers of Americans have been simply brainwashed about " socialized medicine " -- a gobshite 's mantra if ever there was one .
The term is uttered by latterday McCarthyites who would GLADLY throw the hindmost to the devil .
They accept uncritically what they are told by the vested interests in the status quo .
If you have the money you can get better healthcare in the US , but it 's more expensive so you 'll need the money .
A big reason for this is the American love of litigation and the absurd , ridiculous , laughable number of lawyers parasitizing American society ( something the rest of the world rightly shakes it 's head at ) .
Gun laws :
In Britain gun crime is unusual .
In America it happens all the time .
In the UK the police , except at airports , are unarmed .
America is simply creepy barbarianland when it comes to guns and the obsessive fascination with guns for the sake of guns .
The counterpart to the NRA in the UK is the Royal Society for the Protection of Birds .
You fuck with the RSPB at your peril .
They wo n't shoot you however .
But if the British animal rights movement took against you you might like to take out extra life and household fire insurance .
If you do n't understand how scary they are ( they make the NRA look like pussies ) be aware that there was no compunction at all about knighting Salman Rushdie and pissing off a billion muslims , but annoying a few thousand animal rights fundies by knighting Colin Blakemore was out of the question .
Excitability : The British are a phlegmatic lot , stoical about terrorism , generally tolerant of other cultures .
Where they are not they wear white gloves and do what they need to do quietly and with class ( Bond - like ) .
Mossad probably learned from their example .
Imagine John Major standing outside the Baltic Exchange when it was bombed in the City of London by the IRA and making yobbo , kick - ass comments .
It 's just unthinkable .
Or Mrs. Thatcher with a Mission Accomplished sign ?
It 's clear from all the hatred and jibes about muslims on this list coming from the US that Americans are seriously afraid of Islam .
And maybe they deserve to be .
Most have NO IDEA of the history of the US 's policies of ruthless self - interest in the middle east ( watch Noam Chomksy 's lectures on YouTube ) .
The US has consistently sided with the bad guys , world wide .
It must be absolutely galling to the most powerful nation on earth and to be given a complete run around by a bunch of bozos who do n't use toilet paper and who believe they will earn 72 virgins in heaven by blowing you up .
Vietnam should have been the ultimate demonstration that military power alone does n't win wars .
The prevalence of 9/11 conspiracy theories in the US is a sign of a general social sickness .
Morons who know nothing of the US history in the middle east and who are scientifically illiterate loudly endorse nutjob theories and chose to ignore very simple and rational explanations because they do want facts to interfere with their preferred nutcase conpsiracy theories .
There is no similiar neurosis in Britain .
Nor is there anything even remotely as nasty , abusive and unbalanced as Fox TV .
There are still SOME filters that keep barstool wiseacres off the airwaves and the nation 's screens .
Alf Garnet ( upon whom Archie Bunker was based ) was INTENDED to show up that kind of bigot for what he was .
In America deeply inadequate and unpleasant people become celebrities , and rich ( the 300 m people factor : if you get airtime you 're gold ) .
The concept of service : America wins hands down .
Things have improved a lot in the UK lately , especially with job hungry immigrants competing for work in areas such as plumbing and electrics .
Long before they spread to the UK the US had Fedex , UPS and others .
800 numbers .
Guaranteed delivery .
Service with a smile .
Satisfaction guaranteed .
Britain is catching on .
Thankfully people here are not big on insincere HAVE A NICE DAYs and other guff like forced smiles and eye contact .
I 'll take perfunctory civility over gushing , saccharine insincerity any day .
And I 'll have whatever kind of day I feel like , always .
Teeth : Americans LOVE to call the Brits Limeys and make jokes about their bad teeth .
Most of the name callers are probably ignorant of the origin of the term limey , which should be a badge of honour for the Brits .
They discovered how to defeat scurvy when Brittania ruled the waves .
The comparison of teeth dates from the 2nd world war , before the national health system in the UK .
Scottish teeth aside , British teeth are not noticeably different now from those of Americans except that more Americans go around for longer with the their teeth in braces .
Either the British are not so vain or they figure that the dentist does n't need money for a winter ski holiday .
The American hang - up about British teeth is a bit neurotic .
Genital mutilation , ie circumcision , of boys : BIG TIME in America .
Americans do n't want their sons laughed at in the locker room .
So they mutilate them .
The Brits and most of the rest of the world consider this barbaric and criminally stupid .
Religious reasons are bad enough but fear of mockery is truly pathetic .
Girls :
There 's no denying that America 's got the biggest girls .. in the world .
Check out fat girls on YouTube .
They 're all American .
What a nation of utter lard arses .
American girls are also a gazillion times more likely to have breast implants .
And they looooove English accents and they would far sooner date Hugh Grant than Rambo .
Their whining nasal buzz saw voices are , alas , insufferable , but preferable to far too many regional accents in the UK .
Getting rid of leaders who need to go : Britain wins this one easily .
When people get too big for their boots or simply too tiresome they are taken aside and told to go and they go .
None of this executive privilege malarkey .
No need for impeachment or , heaven forfend , assasination to remove lame ducks .
Buckets of warm spit : America has Dick Cheney , a nasty snarling individual who was only too happy to do business with Saddam Hussain .
In the spine - numbingly awful dept .
a worthy successor to the internationally laughable Dan Quayle .
Britain had John Prescott , formerly a waiter on a cruise ship ( which is why the Tories all called for Gin and Tonics in the House of Commons when he was around ) .
A delightful , avuncular old buffer by comparison .
And not afraid to deck a yobbo either , as he showed when he punched out someone during a campaign rally .
Some buckets of warm spit just leak when upset .
No need to mention quail .
Electioneering : Not even John Prescott would have dare to attempt Bush senior 's antics , when running for re-election with Ronald Reagan , in rural Ohio , of donning a plaid shirt and sitting on a tractor eating pork scratchings .
For sheer intellectual dishonesty , bogosity and plain pantomime US elections are hard to beat .
Hard to beat too in unparalleled nastinesss ( recall the scumboat veterans ) and bouts of shameless infantilism ( imagine the flip - flop rally in a British election ?
Not until the voting age is lowered to 5 ) Space program : America by a mile .
Patrick Moore is still going strong however .
Ice cream : American wins easily but is so convinced ( usually rightly ) that imports are better that it pretends Hagen - Dazs is an import .
Beer : it 's a physiological fact that taste discrimination declines with temperature .
Warm beer may be alien to Americans , but most of the time the climate in Britain rarely calls for really COLD beer .
Most American beer cannot be consumed at room temperature because once it can be tasted it is clearly PISS .
Most Americans have yet to realize that ads for knockoff American versions of great European beers cut about as much mustard with real beer drinkers as a Chinese knockoff of McDonalds would .
Locking up and executing innocent people , putting guilty people to death violently : America wins hands down .
And yet Americans have the neck to sneer at believers in Sharia law .
By and large they are a more sickeningly blood thirsty lot .
Now stop the childish name calling and if you have a rant get it off your chest .
According to reader Pablo , this sign was spotted at an airport in Istanbul .
If the picture is n’t clear enough , basically they do n’t want you spending hours on the toilet , using your laptop .
Here ’s what Pablo has to say :
I spotted this at the airport on my summer trip to Istanbul tacked to the stalls of the Men ’s restroom .
Speaks for itself
Santa Claus is a recent feature of Christmas in Japan and sometimes a few details get lost in translation .
Sometimes a LOT does .
So , I made this list , checked it twice , and now proudly present to you the Top Ten Strange Santas from Japan - some naughty , some nice !
10 ) Sanders Claus , or Old St. Harlan
Hey , this can be excused , right ?
Old guy , white beard , eight tiny reindeer , seven herbs & spices ...
Sanders Claus brings buckets of joy to good girls and boys !
He should wear the red suit all year round , then Pamela Anderson would n't dare hassle him .
( Santa Claus image via Nipponsoup )
9 ) Green Santa , the Kyoto Claus
Dreaming of a white Christmas ?
Forget it !
Here in Japan where the Kyoto Accord was signed , Santa Claus has gone green - literally .
Our non-polluting Saint Nick feeds his reindeer organic corn and heats the North Pole with solar power .
( Santa Claus image via ViewImages )
8 ) Global Warming Santa is All Wet
If going green does n't work , this is what Santa Claus has to look forward to .
Our swimming Santa Claus will have traded his reindeer for whales and the North Pole 's been replaced by a striped buoy .
" On Moby , on Willie , on Shamu ! " ( Santa Claus image via The People 's Daily )
7 ) Doraemon Santa : The Cat Came Back
What could be more Christmas -y then a big blue robot cat in a Santa suit ?
Well , just about anything , but that does n't matter when you 're putting on a Christmas parade and want to attract attention .
Doraemon , the aforementioned robot cat , is a long - time favorite of Japanese people young and old .
Santa Claus , not so much .
( Santa Claus image via Asia Pundit )
6 ) Samurai Santa ... Not So Comical
" Samurai Santa wants you to have a Merry Christmas ... or else ! "
Sounds like this Santa Claus spends his off - season slicing pastrami at the Samurai Deli .
The pictured comic is Issue # 1 , were there any others ?
I 'm guessing ... no. ( Santa Claus image via Art Of Jim Lee )
COLUMBIA , South Carolina ( CNN ) --
The South Carolina Democratic Party voted Thursday to keep funnyman Stephen Colbert 's name off the Democratic Primary ballot , according to the party 's executive director .
Stephen Colbert 's name wo n't be on the South Carolina Democratic primary ballot .
The party 's executive council met Thursday afternoon in Columbia to decide which candidates met the criteria to be placed on the ballot , and Colbert did n't make the cut , executive director Joe Werner said .
Colbert has said he will not file for the Republican party ballot because of the $ 35,000 fee , so the move likely ends his bid to officially run for president in South Carolina .
The host of Comedy Central 's " The Colbert Report " filed his papers Thursday morning .
To get on the ballot , a candidate must demonstrate two requirements : that he or she is viable nationally and has spent time campaigning in the state .
Carol Fowler , chairwoman of the state Democratic Party and a member of the executive council , suggested Wednesday that Colbert did not meet the standard of national viability .
" He does not appear to be campaigning to win if he is only running in one state , " she said .
One of Colbert 's opponents on the executive council , Charleston Democratic party chairman Waring Howe , defended the decision .
" Stephen Colbert clearly did n't qualify under our rules , and it would have been a mistake and wrong to violate our rules , " he said .
Meanwhile , long shots Rep. Dennis Kucinich of Ohio and former Alaska Sen. Mike Gravel did make the cut .
Colbert , the mock conservative pundit whose show regularly features real politicians and political commentators , announced he was running as a Democrat and Republican on October 16 .
He made a " campaign " stop Sunday in Columbia to receive a key to the city from Mayor Bob Coble , attracting about 1,000 people , mostly University of South Carolina students .
Opponents such as Howe argued Colbert would make a mockery of the political process .
They also noted that for each candidate on the Democratic ballot , the state party must pay $ 20,000 to the state election commission .
E-mail to a friend
All About Stephen Colbert • South Carolina
( This article is a part of the Blog Action Day that brings together 14,000 + bloggers from different walks of life in a global effort to increase awareness about environmental issues . )
In an earlier life , I would open every piece of mail I received in my mail box to look for coupons .
And if I found a coupon that I liked I would be off shopping .
I mean , what ’s not to like about 20 % discount at Bed , Bath & Beyond , right ?
Well , here ’s what – I did not really need anything from Bed , Bath and Beyond !
I was essentially being conned into spending for the purchase of an item that I did n’t particularly care for .
That is just one of the evil ways that junk mail can harm your wallet .
And the evil it wreaks on the environment is so much worse !
How Unwanted Mail Costs you Money !
They are a source of temptation to spend money .
Marketing people have spent years and years learning the human psychology to figure out how they can con consumers into buying more stuff .
As mentioned above , it may be a coupon or a discount or a check for some money if you start a service etc .
Or it may be catalogs with pretty pictures that instill a yearning to go buy stuff .
Overall , the unwanted mail instigates a desire to buy stuff that you otherwise do n’t need or think of .
They add clutter and clutter can cost money .
If you do not immediately sort out the necessary mail from junk mail and throw away the junk mail , you will soon find your house / apartment cluttered with paper .
Some important mail can easily be lost in this clutter resulting in late payments ( and some hefty fees ) or lost opportunities .
Your tax dollars are spent to get rid of the junk mail you throw away .
According to the Stopjunk website , it costs 320 million of tax dollars for disposing off the unwanted mail !
That ’s money not spent to improve our schools , public transportation , roads and other really worthy causes .
And that ’s our money that is getting wasted !
You spend precious time to sort through them and time is money .
According to the New American Dream website , Americans throw away 44 % of bulk mail unopened , yet still spend 8 months per lifetime opening bulk mail .
OK , those statistics could be quite hoakey and not all of our time may be spent in productive money - earning tasks , but do your really want to spend that time in sorting through junk mail or would you rather be spending it with your kids or watching TV or reading books etc ?
How Unwanted Mail Hurts the Environment
Unwanted mail = wasted paper = cutting trees unnecessarily .
According to the New American Dream website , more than 100 million trees ’ worth of bulk mail arrive in American mail boxes each year – that ’s the equivalent of deforesting the entire Rocky Mountain National Park every four months .
According to this newsletter article an average American family receives more than a tree ’s worth of junk mail every year !
Each of us who has not got rid of unwanted mail is directly contributing to deforestation .
The Energy cost of producing and disposing junk mail is exorbitant .
Not only is unwanted mail causing a lot of trees to be cut , it is wasting a lot of resources as well .
If Americans receive several million tons of unwanted mail , imagine the energy used up in printing these material .
And the fuel consumed to transport these to your door step .
And the chemicals spent and the green house gasses generated in the process !
According to the fact sheet on the New American Dream website , the production and disposal of direct mail consumes more energy than 3 million cars !
That is just not worth it !
Not all junk mail can be recycled !
Some smart dumbass marketing manager some place decided that glossy paper will entice more people into buying their product and convinced the powers that be to finance a marketing campaign that only uses glossy paper .
As if that were not bad enough , they decided to use colorful ads and probably staples too .
The result is that I end up with a fantastic looking catalog that I am not interested in , but can not recycle !
Not everyone recycles their junk mail .
Even if the junk mail was recyclable , not everyone makes the effort to recycle the junk mail .
It is sad to see millions of tons of paper go directly from mailbox to trashcan to landfills after having consumed so many of environmental resources !
Unwanted junk mail fill up landfills .
The unwanted mail that is not recycled or cannot be recycled ends up in landfills .
According to the statistics on this website 40 % of the solid mass that makes up our landfills is paper and paperboard waste .
By the year 2010 , it is predicted to make up about 48 % .
While not all of this may be due to unwanted mail , considering that about 40 pounds of junk mail is sent to every adult each year and approximately 44 % goes to a landfill unopened , I would think junk mail makes up for a large percentage of the paper that gets into land fills .
What you can do about it .
It ’s simple .
If every household makes an effort to minimize the junk mail they receive , together we can stop this monster that wreaks havoc on our money and the environment .
Opt Out of Prescreened Credit Card Offers
A joint venture of the three credit bureaus helps stop prescreened credit card and insurance solicitations from landing in your mail box .
You can opt out by calling the toll free number 1-888-5- OPTOUT or online through the website www.optoutprescreen.com.
Register for the Direct Marketing Association ’s “ Do not mail ” list .
While there is no law at this time that requires companies to not mail you because you have registered with the “ Do not mail ” list , most companies recognize that if you have gone so far to add your name to the list you will likely just throw away any offers they send you .
So in the interest of saving money and guarding their reputation , many companies who are part of the DMA stop sending you offers .
There is a charge of $ 1 for this service though and the response is slow since the main database is not updated on a continuous ongoing basis .
You can register online using this form .
Turn down local coupons and fliers .
ADVO , Inc. : Call up ( 888 ) 241-6760 or use this online form .
Val - Pak Coupons : Call up ( 888 ) 797-1896 or use this online form .
Abacus , Inc. :
By e-mail : optout@abacus-us.com with “ remove ” in the subject line and name and address in the mail .
According to postal regulations , all fliers must be accompanied by an address card or an address label .
This may be in the form of a post card with a missing child ’s photograph or a label on one of the fliers and will likely be addressed to the “ current resident ” or “ occupant ” .
This card / label will have information that will help you identify the company that is mailing out the fliers .
Look online or in yellow pages and call the company directly to have your address taken off the list .
Here is the contact information for three of the major flier / coupon / catalog mailing companies – Cancel catalogs from individual stores .
When you receive catalogs in mail , look for a customer service number and call up right away before you forget and ask them to stop sending you any more catalogs .
Opt for E- bills and electronic statements .
Every time I receive my credit card bill or a bank statement , I find that the envelope is stuffed with a bunch of fliers and offers .
This junk can be reduced by opting for e-bills and e-statements .
But it may not work for everyone .
If you are like us and paranoid that you might forget to send a payment without the regular paper mail reminderrs , then you may not want to go for this option .
Unsubscribe from unwanted magazines .
Magazines are one of the biggest leaks in most people ’s budgets .
If you have a credit card that gets automatically charged every year , then you may not even realize that your subscription has been renewed .
The magazines that you liked last year may not appeal to you now and may end up in a pile on your coffee table without ever being read .
Please call the unread magazine companies and cancel your subscriptions .
This way you can not only plug the money leak , you can save the environment too .
Mention explicitly that you do not want information sold .
When you sign up for any new service or subscription , clearly write the following next to your address – “ Please do not sell , trade or make publicly available ” .
It may or may not help , but hey , no harm trying !
And finally , if some unwanted mail sneaks into your mail box recycle it .
Recycling is catching on in most big cities in the US .
Here in Texas , there is a scheduled recycle pick up that is aligned with regular trash pick up , in most cities .
Also , many apartment communities offer specially marked trash cans for recyclable items .
Actually , at our previous apartment there was a recycle bin right next to the mail boxes so we could dump the unwanted mails as soon as we picked them up and have them recycled .
I am not sure how widespread the effort to recycle is , but do your part .
If in spite of all the steps above you continue to receive unwanted mails , try to dispose them off in a responsible manner .
More resources for learning about junk mail
If you have more questions and are looking for more information , check out these resources for more information .
If each one of us does our part , we can make sure that our environmental footprint is kept small and our future generations can continue to enjoy this planet as much as we do .
And saving some money in the process is a nice bonus 🙂
Do n't Envy the Successful Entrepreneur - Become One ! "
Like this post ?
Want more great articles ?
Check out our newsletter to receive exclusive content sent only to the select few who subscribe .
We will even start you off with the bonus 10 - part eSeries
We did n't fuss too much over the physical length of the books , but we did seriously consider the weight of the story itself .
Will the reader come out the other side feeling as though they 've lived a hundred lives ?
These 20 epic books all shout a resounding yes .
Time to settle in and enjoy the read .
Instant web sites
As much fun as it is to write about features of Django which are n’t that well documented , or which are n’t documented ( _yet_ ; one of my goals with each sprint we do is to add to Django ’s documentation and bring it closer to being truly comprehensive ) , there are a ton of features in Django that , while documented , do n’t seem to get a lot of use .
Which is a shame , because some of them are extremely powerful and make it almost trivial to accomplish otherwise - complex tasks .
So today let ’s look at two of these features , and at how they can make your life as a developer ever so much easier .
Introspecting a database …
Some ORM s work mostly by introspection ; each time you fire them up , they look at the database you ’re using , inspect the tables to see how they ’re laid out , and use that as the basis for the features they offer .
Rails ’ ActiveRecord works this way , for example ; instead of writing a Ruby class which describes your database , you write a subclass of ActiveRecord : : Base , and it works out most of its relevant attributes by looking for a table in your database with the appropriate name ( derived from your class name ) and getting a list of its columns .
The class itself mostly holds relational information ( which is tricky to extract from some types of databases , notably SQLite and MySQL with the default storage engine , and so is expressed in Ruby as a precaution , using has_many , belongs_to and other similar methods ) and methods you define to help you work with the class .
By contrast , Django has you define a model class — a subclass of django.db.models .
Model — which explicitly declares all of its relevant fields via specialized subclasses of Field , including relational information .
Coupled with any custom methods you want to define , and optional metadata inside an inner Meta class , this means that all the information about your model is encapsulated explicitly in the model class .
Generally , Python has a preference for being explicit in this fashion , so it ’s a good thing , but sometimes it ’s nice to have the flexibility of a model that ’s mostly “ auto - generated ” from your database .
And it ’s fairly easy to do this ; Django allows you to introspect an existing database and will happily generate a set of suggested model classes to match it , which you can then customize to your heart ’s content ( and , just as in Rails , you ’ll typically want to go back and explicitly fill in information about relationships between models , because Django works with most of the same database and so runs into many of the same limitations in detecting relations ) .
The key is the “ inspectdb ” command for django - admin.py , which generates output you can save to a file and then edit and — once you ’re happy with it — use as your live models .
If you ’ve got access to add new tables to the database , you can also add some of Django ’s bundled applications ( like the authentication and admin apps ) to your INSTALLED_APPS , and hit the ground running .
This means that it ’s fairly easy to take a database from an existing application , and quickly get Django talking to it ; if you install the auth and admin applications , you can even run the admin interface directly on top of it , as some people have been known to do .
Yup , you read that right : so long as Django ’s ORM can handle the database you ’re throwing at it , you can get the admin on top of it with almost no work on your part .
If you do n’t mind writing a short class to tell Django how it works , you can also make use of existing authentication systems .
… and mining the data
That ’s pretty nice in and of itself , but there are plenty of times when you do n’t necessarily want to use Django to administer the database , but rather as a way of browsing what ’s in it .
And sometimes you want both of those .
Which is where another documented - but - somewhat - neglected feature of Django comes into play : the “ databrowse ” add - on .
Adrian gave a public demo of databrowse at PyCon in February , and I noticed more than a few jaws dropping as he did so ; while the concept behind it is pretty simple , the effect it can have on your productivity is amazing .
In a nutshell , databrowse lets you tell it about a set of models ( by “ registering ” them with databrowse , a trick we ’ve seen before ) , and then it will introspect the model classes ( which is something else you know how to do now ) to find out what fields they have and how they ’re related to each other .
Then it simply presents a generic web - based interface for browsing through the data according to the various fields .
Some of the more useful features include :
Automatic , date - based browsing of any model which has a DateField or DateTimeField .
or .
Automatic cross links between related objects .
Browsing by values of any field on the model , including lists of objects which have the same value for a given field .
Full detail views of any object , showing all fields and relations .
Pictures speak more loudly than words , so tonight I set up databrowse on my testing server ( a Linux computer in my bedroom ) using a backup of this site ’s database from last week , then took a few screenshots and posted them into a Flickr photo set ( when looking at any one screenshot , click the “ All Sizes ” link above it to see the full - size version ) .
My whole database ( well , actually the models I ’m willing to show publicly ; there ’s some stuff in there I have n’t gotten around to exposing or releasing yet ) is browsable this way , with lots of handy cross-references .
Taken together with inspectdb and , optionally , the admin interface , this gives you an easy way to instantly get a web - based interface on top of ( almost ) any database , while writing little or no actual code .
And since there are plenty of situations where you need to quickly set up a way to browse a database in an organized way , or administer legacy content , this becomes an extremely potent combination ; I remember thinking , as Adrian gave his PyCon demo , that databrowse alone could possibly put some data - mining firms out of business , simply by providing an easy way to get at the contents of a database .
And because it does n’t provide any models of its own — it ’s just some registration code and a set of views and templates — you can use databrowse even on a database you do n’t have permission to add tables to , a useful trick for legacy databases you need to get data out of ( see also Django ’s serialization framework for an easy way to get the data out of the database , in a structured fashion amenable to importing into another Django - powered database ) .
If you ’ve been looking for a next - generation paint brush , then check out this creation .
At first glance , it looks like your standard brush , but upon closer inspection you ’ll find integrated LEDs , touch sensors , and a camera .
This gadget basically “ lifts up and captures photons ” , allowing artists to draw with “ special ink ” picked up from their immediate environment .
Video after the break .
Click here for first picture in gallery .
Notice
It was a scene of domestic tranquility .
David and Lillian Scott were in their living room talking .
Their 15 - year - old daughter was in the garage with two friends .
Their 16 - year - old son was elsewhere in the house feeding the 5 - month - old baby .
This was just last week in Temecula , California .
Just past 9:30 p.m. a gang of armed men burst through an unlocked front screen door shouting orders that couple and forcing them to the floor .
The couple were then handcuffed .
They begged to know what was happening and got no answer .
In the garage the men went after the teen aged girls ordering them to “ get down on the fucking floor ” .
They too were handcuffed .
And the son was in a similar situation as the armed men forced him to the ground .
Lillian could hear her new - born crying and she asked one of the armed thugs if her baby was all right .
She says that he “ told me if I moved he was going to put a bullet in my head .
” Then the men started ransacking the house .
Lillian found her bedroom door was ripped off the hinges and the door to her daughter ’s room had a hole violently ripped into it .
Of course the men were local police high on adrenaline and anxious to bash in the heads of “ bad guys ” .
They have n’t said who they were looking for that night .
Lillian Scott could hear their radio’s as they spoke to one another .
One of the officers announced that the second floor of the house was “ clear ” .
That was one of the other officers pointed out that the house they were supposed to raid had only one floor .
Apparently no one noticed , before attacking this family , that the house had two floors .. Notice also what is missing from this story .
An open screen door with the Scott ’s in the living room was entered by the police .
No attempt was made to announce they were police first .
Had they done that it would have easily been heard by the family .
Nor was a search warrant shown to the family at the time of the attack and police refused to answer questions .
This is what lead to the murder of Kathryn Johnston by out - of - control police in Atlanta .
Only a few blocks away Frances Thompson escaped with her life when police attacked her home in a similar style .
Both those incident were “ mistakes ” as well .
Dozens of innocent people have been killed by police in botched paramilitary style raids .
The police should not be turned into paramilitary outfits who are trained in the tactics of making war on the civilian population .
How many such incidents have to happen before people realize something is seriously wrong with America ?
Note :
The map is courtesy of the Cato Institute and covers a portion of the paramilitary style raids where innocent people , or police officers , are killed .
This is just the tip of the iceberg and should n’t be seen as an exhaustive list of such incidents .
The map has not been updated this year .
How many people close to where you live have been victimized ?
And exactly why do you think it ca n’t happen to you ?
Click to enlarge . :
To receive emails notifying you of updates to this blog sign up here .
This is not an open forum and the only mail you will receive from us is the daily update .
Labels : police misconduct , war on drugs
A federal judge has denied the RIAA 's motion for default judgment in the case of Atlantic v. Dangler , a case where alleged infringer Jeff Dangler failed to appear in court .
The RIAA filed the original complaint in March , then moved for a default judgment less than two months later after the Clerk of the Court entered Dangler 's default .
Despite the fact that Dangler had n't bothered to answer the charges brought against him , Judge David G. Larimer decided against awarding the RIAA 's motion for a default judgment of $ 6,000 plus court costs .
The judge cited " significant issues of fact " regarding the RIAA 's linking of the KaZaA username " heavyjeffmc@KaZaA " to Dangler , as well as a lack of details about when the alleged infringement took place .
" Although the complaint establishes that someone using the ' KaZaA ' online peer - to - peer file sharing service uploaded the Copyrighted Recordings , or otherwise offered them for distribution , the complaint does not identify details such as the time period during which the violations allegedly took place , " wrote the judge .
Indeed , the RIAA 's original complaint against Dangler is very light on the details , as are the record labels ' other " boilerplate " complaints .
The RIAA did n't offer any specifics on when the infringement took place , just saying that Dangler " has used , and continues to use , an online media system ... to distribute ... and / or make the Copyrighted Recordings available for distribution to others . "
There 's no data tying Dangler to heavyjeffmc@KaZaA , and nothing about the date and time the alleged infringement took place .
This is at least the second time in the last two months that the RIAA has failed to obtain a default judgment against a defendant that had not bothered to show up in court .
In the case of Interscope v. Rodriguez last month , the judge cited the lack of specifics regarding the alleged infringement in turning aside the labels ' attempt to obtain a default judgment .
" The complaint is simply a boilerplate listing of the elements of copyright infringement without any facts pertaining specifically to the instant Defendant , " wrote Judge Brewster , a conclusion that could apply equally to Atlantic v. Dangler .
Since the adverse ruling in Interscope v. Rodriguez , the RIAA has changed the language in its complaints to include specific dates , IP addresses , screen names , and a list of recordings that the RIAA 's investigators found in the shared folder .
There is still a good deal of " information and belief " in the complaints , but the increased number of specifics appears to be enough to mollify judges concerned about the record labels ' boilerplate complaints .
Dangler is n't off the hook , however .
The judge will hold a hearing in which the RIAA will be able to present additional evidence that copyright infringement took place .
The RIAA 's attorneys will likely use their date in court to present the results of MediaSentry 's investigation , the ISP 's records tying the IP address flagged by MediaSentry to Dangler , and any other evidence it has that ties the defendant to the alleged file sharing .
Further reading
Do you still have floppy disks ?
Do not throw them away !
Take a look what you can do with them .
( PS .
This pr ...
Do you still have floppy disks ?
Do not throw them away !
Take a look what you can do with them .
( PS .
This project was inspired by the work of imanalchemist from Instructables . )
PS . I was inspired by the work of imanalchemist from Instructables .
Go to ******* mezonbiz **** for more great videos !
Don Quixote famously ( and fictionally ) attacked a series of windmills , trying to topple what he thought were monstrous giants so that he could rid the Earth of their evil breed and take their spoils to fund his quest for the hand of ( not - so ) fair Lady Dulcinea .
While his intentions were good , he was , of course , unsuccessful ; a spear and an old mare are not exactly proper weaponry to face off against a foul giant made of stone .
In the tech industry , we do n’t have windmills or spears ( unless you count toy lightsabers ) , but we do have silos .
Sometimes silos can become so thick - walled that they pose a real threat to worker productivity and overall project success .
It ’s then that you need to start knocking them down — or at least chiseling them down enough so that employees in one can see eye to eye with those in another .
A silo , of course , refers to a generally close - knit team put together for a very specific purpose .
That purpose might be the development of an isolated end - to - end project or maintenance of a highly active and important system : some goal that allows the team members to put their heads down and focus on an immediate task at hand .
The problems begin when someone from another silo taps them on the shoulder , looking to interface with their system or to impose some new sort of process .
Then the silo approach backfires a bit .
The things that help the silo members work so effectively — strong team relationships and isolation from distractions — start to become hindrances .
When two closely knit teams are asked to work with each other , animosity can flare up quickly , leading to an “ us versus them ” mentality in both groups .
That ’s a problem when the overall success of a project or indeed an entire company depends on cooperation .
The specific problems leading to the animosity vary , depending on the situation , but the root cause usually is a communication breakdown at some level .
Ultimately , it ’s not surprising that two teams that are used to working closely within have a hard time reaching out to another group on the “ outside , ” especially with the potential extra work and extra stress at stake .
It ’s difficult to come to the table with an evenly balanced opinion about a person or group of people who ask impolite questions about why your system is failing , or who exhibit stubborn reluctance to implement the new standards you and your teammates devised .
There is a variety of strategies leaders turn to when these sorts of rifts begin to form .
Unfortunately , many of the traditional ones just do n’t work .
Let ’s look at some of the specific problems and some of those common solutions , along with some alternatives .
Minimizing Miscommunication
Often , problems stem from a lack of understanding of how a given team ’s systems work .
This is particularly an issue in software engineering .
One common recipe for conflict is a team being called upon to deliver a set of data to another team ’s system .
If that data set is not formatted or delivered correctly , and if it causes problems downstream , all sorts of fireworks can go off .
Usually the upstream team takes the heat — even if it was ultimately the poor documentation or frailty of the receiving system that led to the problem .
A common solution here is to set up lengthy information - exchange sessions long before the integration .
The intent is for each team to teach the other all it needs to know before it needs to know it .
Members of both teams lock themselves in a conference room for hours or days .
They try to stay awake through endless PowerPoint slides and technical discussions .
These sessions can be effective , but too often they ’re unproductive .
It ’s just too easy to lose focus during these things , especially when they happen early as part of the design or even requirements - gathering phases of a project , long before any of this knowledge can be applied .
By the time anyone sits down to do the work , whatever was learned has long since been forgotten .
A better way to prevent integration problems is simply to enforce good documentation .
If the docs are good , miscommunications will be minimized — if only because all communication is minimized .
That does n’t mean more documentation ; it means better documentation .
Over the years , as a system is maintained and enhanced , the tendency is to create reams of documentation that ’s quickly out of date and rarely has solid focus .
What ’s needed is currency and terseness .
On the software engineering side , for close integration there ’s no excuse for not having up - to - date API - level documentation , whether you ’re using Javadoc for Java apps , NDoc for .NET development , or Doxygen for a variety of other platforms like C/C++ and Python .
Likewise , if you ’re talking via Web services , WSDL files certainly have adequate provisions for documentation .
For data integration , documenting things can get a bit more complicated .
If it ’s XML , your job is relatively easy .
A strong and detailed schema annotated via something like xsddoc along with a few example files goes a long way toward avoiding confusion , particularly if the schema is well structured .
If you ’re using less - structured data , such as CSVs or proprietary file types , things tend to become much more difficult .
Lengthy and detailed external documentation with numerous examples will be required — yet another reason to move to XML .
Accurate and terse documentation plus a short , focused discussion should get the two teams 90 percent of the way toward efficient interaction .
However , even good documentation is n’t always enough .
If one team is publishing an interface of some sort , it ’s important that it be a strong one .
OO programming guru and author Scott Meyers summed it up nicely when he said that “ interfaces should be easy to use correctly and hard to use incorrectly . ”
If one team is asked to use an interface that does n’t meet this criteria , problems will occur , and that interface should be revised before they do .
Thankfully , Scott also has some suggestions on how to do so .
His article relates to programmatic interfaces , but the concepts can certainly be extended elsewhere .
Turning “ They ” into “ We ”
It ’s one thing to minimize miscommunications and streamline integrations with good documentation and processes .
But while those steps can avoid animosity in the long run , ultimately they do n’t do anything to help bring the teams closer together or to get them working together effectively instead of begrudgingly .
It ’s all too easy for one team to form an opinion of another as a hindrance or an annoyance .
Breaking that opinion is much more difficult .
Often , companies turn to morale - building events in this sort of situation , encouraging workers to let their hair down a little and establish personal connections with members of that other team .
If managers can actually get their workers to sit down and talk with that other team at these sorts of events , they ’re doing well .
Thinking that the team - bonding will carry back over to the office is expecting too much .
If the problem exists in the workplace , it should be addressed there , where workers are under the same stress and pressure that adds to this animosity in the first place .
The best way to bring the teams together is to get them to a point where they ’re helping each other to reduce that stress and pressure .
For coders , try cross - team pair programming .
Pick one developer from each team and have them alternate sitting with each other ( either physically or virtually ) , acting as brainstorm partners as they track bugs or implement enhancements .
You need the right personalities for this to work , but it can be a very good experience and is a much better option than something drastic like a cross - team job rotation , a switch that rarely leaves all parties involved feeling particularly motivated .
Another great option is to send the teams away to training together or , if possible , to bring a trainer in - house and design a course on some technology or technique that can be beneficial to both groups .
Have the trainer tailor the course to focus on applying the training to the problems the team members deal with on a day - to - day basis .
Get the whole group working together to solve the sorts of problems that plague its members in their daily jobs .
Once they go back to the grind , they might just keep that camaraderie .
Physical proximity within an office is , it seems , accessible to few teams these days , but it can be a big help when it ’s possible .
If two teams need to work closely together , moving them so that they ’re adjacent to each other makes things easier — if it ’s done right .
When it ’s poorly implemented , one team is uprooted and dropped next to the other , or pulled from its roomy location and sent to the basement .
These changes hardly get relationships off on the right foot .
So , when moving teams around , tread carefully .
Come Together
Sometimes all that siloed workers need is the occasional reminder about how their interaction with others will help the business as a whole , and they ’ll begin to open up a bit .
However , things usually are n’t that easy .
Hopefully you and your teams will find success with the above tactics .
If all else fails , you could always just force the issue and merge the teams , though that move might prove to be somewhat ... quixotic .
Tim Stevens is a part - time freelance writer as well as a component architect at TopCoder , where the focus is on optimizing methodologies and driving software re-use .
He has written hundreds of articles , on everything from Ajax to the Xbox , and has honed his engineering skills in both small startups and large international corporations .
SANTIAGO ( Reuters ) - Spain ’s King Juan Carlos told Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez on Saturday to “ shut up ” during closing speeches by leaders from the Latin world that brought the Ibero - American summit to an acrimonious end .
Spain's King Juan Carlos ( L ) , Venezuela 's President Hugo Chavez ( C ) and Chile 's President Michelle Bachelet meet during the second working session of the XVII Ibero - American Summit in Santiago November 10 , 2007 .
REUTERS / Alex Ibanez / Chilean Presidency / Handout
“ Why do n’t you shut up ? ” the king shouted at Chavez , pointing a finger at the president when he tried to interrupt a speech by Spanish Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero .
Zapatero was in the middle of a speech at the summit of mostly leftist leaders from Latin America , Portugal , Spain and Andorra , and was criticizing Chavez for calling former Spanish Prime Minister Jose Maria Aznar a fascist .
Chavez , a leading leftist foe of Washington , also attacked Spanish businessman Gerardo Diaz Ferran earlier in the week after he questioned the safety of foreign investments in Venezuela .
“ I want to express to you President Hugo Chavez that in a forum where there are democratic governments ... one of the essential principles is respect , ” Zapatero told the leaders gathered in the Chilean capital , Santiago .
“ You can disagree radically , without being disrespectful , ” Zapatero , a socialist , said sternly , drawing applause from some of the other heads of state .
Chavez , a former soldier , made his mark on the three - day summit from the start , announcing his arrival earlier in the week with defiant lyrics from a Mexican ballad .
“ With the truth in hand , I do not offend , I do not fear , ” Chavez said on Saturday .
“ The government of Venezuela reserves the right to respond to any aggression . ”
PULP MILL FIGHT
The 19 leaders at the summit were nearly all leftists and the gathering was mostly friendly , although tension flared between neighbors Argentina and Uruguay over a controversial pulp mill along a border river .
Uruguay granted a long - awaited start - up permit to a Finnish group for the pulp mill on Thursday , drawing swift criticism from Argentina and deepening a long - running dispute .
The official theme of the summit was social cohesion , but many of the region ’s top leaders took advantage of the event to hold bilateral meetings on energy .
Latin American economies have expanded rapidly in recent years , putting pressure on energy supplies due to rising consumer demand and factory output in countries such as Chile and Argentina .
While most heads of state were due to leave Chile on Saturday , Chavez joined some of South America ’s most left - leaning leaders at a rally of about 3,000 people gathered for a “ People ’s Summit ” in a Santiago stadium .
Chavez interrupted his speech at the rally to call Cuba ’s Fidel Castro , who he considers his mentor .
Chavez paraphrased a message from Castro congratulating Chileans who fought against former dictator Augusto Pinochet .
“ Well Fidel , what a shame that we do n’t have speakerphone on this mobile , the people wanted to hear you , ” said Chavez , dressed in a red T - shirt .
Joining Chavez at the rally were Bolivia ’s Evo Morales , Cuban Vice President Carlos Lage and Nicaragua ’s Daniel Ortega .
In his closing remarks from the leaders summit , Morales accused other countries of perceiving him as a lackey of the Venezuelan president .
“ They treat us like animals because of the unconditional cooperation from comrade Hugo Chavez ... him as the big one and me as the little one , ” Morales told summit leaders .
In forging an immigration deal this week , President Bush turned away from Republican allies in favor of striking a deal with Sen. Edward M. Kennedy , banking on the senior legislator to deliver enough Democrats to pass a bill .
But the strategy may come back to haunt him , as many Democrats said they ca n’t accept the agreement and Republicans lined up to criticize both the deal and Mr. Bush , their party ’s leader .
And it may only get worse for Mr. Bush , as political forces drive the issue : Mitt Romney , the former Massachusetts governor running for the Republican presidential nomination , injected the issue straight into 2008 presidential politics , announcing he was running television commercials calling for better enforcement as the solution to illegal immigration .
“ The president ’s willingness to accept the granting of amnesty to millions of illegal immigrants has sent a harmful message to Republican voters around the country , ” said Rep. Mike Pence , Indiana Republican .
“ But I also believe that ’ll sort itself out in the primaries of 2008 .
At the end of the day , this is an issue where I find myself focusing less on politics than what policy I think is in the best interests of the American people . ”
Last year , both Mr. Pence and Sen. John Cornyn of Texas appeared to be promising allies for Mr. Bush .
Mr. Pence met with the president in the Oval Office to talk about the congressman ’s plan to have illegal aliens leave the country and apply to re-enter from outside .
When Democrats won control of Congress , Mr. Bush tacked left , negotiating with Mr. Kennedy , Massachusetts Democrat , and producing a deal on Thursday that many Republicans say is amnesty .
“ The core of the apple here is the fact that 12 million illegal immigrants in this country can get right with the law without leaving the country .
I think for most Americans , that is amnesty , ” Mr. Pence said , adding that from his read of his colleagues — Democrats and Republicans — “ I do n’t believe the Senate bill has a future in the House . ”
Also on the outside of the deal is Mr. Cornyn , who at one point had a bill that most closely mirrored Mr. Bush ’s principles of a temporary - worker program and requiring illegal aliens to leave the country without creating a new path to citizenship for them .
Mr. Bush changed positions last April , embracing a path to citizenship , and in this new deal dropped his insistence on illegal aliens paying back taxes .
The White House issued a 10 - point statement trying to fight back against criticism of the bill , saying it was not amnesty because it includes fines and a delay before a green card is awarded .
The statement also touted the administration ’s commitment to enforcing new , tougher immigration laws .
“ I think the president agrees with every provision in this bill , ” White House spokesman Tony Fratto told reporters .
The bill , which had not been completely written by last night , would allow the estimated 12 million to 20 million illegal aliens to come forward and gain probationary status while immigration authorities are hired and an employee - verification system is created .
After those changes , the probational aliens could apply for a visa , and after eight years could gain a green card , which is the step before citizenship .
The bill also would create hundreds of thousands of slots for new workers , and rewrite the definitions of which family members can immigrate .
Sen .
Mel Martinez , Florida Republican and one of those who negotiated the bill with lead Republican Sen. Jon Kyl of Arizona and Mr. Kennedy , used yesterday to urge Republican state party officials to push the deal .
“ If we do n’t pass this bill , nobody that is in the shadows today will come out of the shadows and be accounted for , ” he said , according to the Associated Press .
Mr. Martinez also said he expects an effort to try to reduce the $ 5,000 top fine when the bill goes to the Senate floor next week .
For his part yesterday , Mr. Kennedy disputed the charge of amnesty .
He said the bill is “ a down payment ” on the solution to illegal immigration and took aim at Mr. Romney ’s opposition .
“ I ’m surprised my friend Mitt Romney is calling it that because he supported our bill that last time , and now I guess he ’s changed his position , ” Mr. Kennedy said on ABC ’s “ Good Morning America . ”
The issue will resonate on the campaign trail , where there is little support for the deal among Democratic candidates , who say it is too harsh , and split support among Republicans .
Sen .
John McCain , Arizona Republican , is closely associated with the agreement and even left the campaign trail to join the grand announcement of the deal Thursday , scoring a plum early speaking slot , then leaving before the event was over .
And former New York Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani also appears to back the basics of the agreement .
Mr. McCain this week urged the Senate to get a bill done quickly to try to minimize the political fallout .
“ We all know this issue can be caught up in extracurricular politics unless we move forward as quickly as possible , ” he said .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
HOUSTON ( Reuters ) - A
Texas judge violated an executed man ’s rights when she refused to keep the court clerk ’s office open past closing time to receive last - minute appeals , 20 lawyers said in a complaint filed on Thursday .
Michael Richard , 49 , was executed by lethal injection on September 25 , the same day the U.S. Supreme Court said it would decide whether that method violates a constitutional ban on cruel and unusual punishment .
Even before the high court ’s action , states were putting lethal injections on hold .
No one has been executed in the United States since Richard , according to the Death Penalty Information Center .
Texas has executed 405 people -- the most among U.S. states -- since the Supreme Court lifted a national ban on the practice in 1976 .
Presiding Judge Sharon Keller of the Texas Court of Criminal Appeals in Austin refused to allow Richard ’s attorneys to file pleadings on the question of the constitutionality of lethal injunction , according to the complaint filed with Texas ’ State Commission on Judicial Conduct .
His attorneys had asked that the court clerk ’s office remain open 20 minutes past the 1700 CDT ( 2200 GMT ) closing time because their computers had failed as they were preparing their pleadings .
Richard , a convicted murderer , was executed about three hours later .
Keller refused the request even though she was not the judge assigned to the case and other judges were prepared to stay late to consider the appeals , the lawyers said .
“ I think the conduct of Keller was so outrageous , ” said Jim Harrington , director of the Texas Civil Rights Project who oversaw the filing of the complaint .
“ She subverted the law , as chief judge . ”
The complaint accuses Keller of violating Richard ’s constitutional right to access to the courts and his right to due process of law .
A spokesman for Keller and the nine - member appeals court declined to comment .
Last week Keller said in the Houston Chronicle , “ You ’re asking me whether something different would have happened if we had stayed open , and I think the question ought to be why did n’t they file something on time ?
They had all day . ”
The judicial conduct commission ’s proceedings are closed , so the outcome may never be known .
The Supreme Court said last month it would review an appeal from two Kentucky death row inmates who argue that the three - drug mixture used in lethal injections violates a constitutional ban on cruel and unusual punishment .
Receiving the Jury Prize for the Watch of the Year 2007 - “ Montre de l ’ Année 2007 ” , Juan - Carlos Torres , Vacheron Constantin ’s CEO , quoted “ By its decision to give first prize for the Watch of the Year 2007 to Vacheron Constantin for its Patrimony Contemporaine Retrograde Day and Date , the jury has rewarded and honored the excellence of the horological tradition that respects the Geneva Hallmark . ”
And that ’s not it .
The watch has also been honored for the technical achievement , artistic elegance and savoir - faire that Vacheron Constantin has transmitted without interruption for over 250 years .
Vacheron Constantin's Patrimony Contemporaine day - date bi-retrograde features an automatic , 2460R31R7 caliber , Retrograde mechanical movement .
The movement features 31 numbers of days of a month , and 7 for the number of days in the week .
Besides the typical hour and minute display , you also have two retrograde indicators - one for the day of the week ( by day name ) and one indicator for the date .
The movement was designed and made exclusively by Vacheron Constantin manufacture and is stamped with the prestigious Poinçon de Genève .
The 18kt pink gold case measures a perfect size of 42.5 mm in diameter and is water - resistant to 30 meters .
The silver opaline dial which is protected by an anti-reflective sapphire crystal , features 12 applied 18kt pink gold hour makers and a minute circle of applied gold cabochons .
Its convex sapphire back reveals the exceptional finishing and the decoration on the movement that has met Vacheron Constantin ’s most stringent quality criteria .
Vacheron Constantin's Patrimony Contemporaine Bi-Retrograde is complemented with a chestnut brown alligator strap with an 18kt pink gold folding clasp .
An investigation has been launched following the theft of 450 kegs from the Guinness Brewery on Victoria Quay in Dublin .
180 kegs of Guinness , 180 kegs of Budweiser and 90 kegs of Carlsberg were taken in the robbery .
A man driving a truck drove into the brewery yard at around 4 pm yesterday afternoon and stole a trailer containing the drink , which has an estimated value of € 64,000 .
It is understood there were a number of trailers stored ready for delivery in the yard at the time .
The driver attached one of the trailers containing the 450 kegs to his cab and drove out of the yard through the main gates .
The robbery was discovered a short time later and gardaí were called .
The empty trailer was later discovered in Slane Hill in Co Meath .
In the run up to Christmas there are usually over 250 truck movements both in and out of the complex every day .
Detectives are now examining CCTV footage from the Guinness complex and surrounding area .
Anyone with information on the roughly 40,000 missing pints is asked to contact Kevin Street Garda Station on 01 6669400 .
Some lambda calculus examples
Syntax
In a previous blog entry I described a simple evaluator and type checker for the lambda cube , i.e. , various forms of lambda calculus .
Here I 'm going to show some examples of code in pure typed λ-calculus .
All the examples are typable in F ω ; the full lambda cube is not necessary .
Before doing any examples we'd better have some syntax that is not too painful , because writing λ- expression in raw Haskell is tedious .
The syntax for variables , * kind , and application is easy , I 'll just use Haskell syntax .
For λ-expressions the Haskell syntax does n't allow explicit type annotations , but various Haskell compiler implement that extension , so I 'll just pick that .
So a λ will be written , " \ ( var : : type ) -> expr " .
And as in Haskell I 'll allow multiple variables between the " \ " and " -> " ; it 's just a shorthand for multiple lambdas .
So what about the dependent function type ?
The syntax ( x :t ) →u suggests ( x : : t ) - >u , so I 'll use that .
And when the variable does n't occur we 'll write t->u as usual .
For type variables Haskell ( well , not Haskell 98 , but extensions ) uses forall ( a ::*) . t , so I 'll allow that too .
An example , the identity function :
\ ( a ::*) ( x ::a ) -> x
forall ( a ::*) . a->a
id Int 5
Enter let
(\ ( id :: forall ( a : :*) . a->a ) -> ... id ... id ... id ... ) ( \ ( a ::*) ( x::a ) -> x )
id
\ ( a ::*) ( x ::a ) -> x
let
where
let
let id :: forall ( a ::*) . a->a = \ ( a ::*) ( x ::a ) -> x in ... id ... id ... id ...
let
| Let Sym Type Expr Expr
Expr
Let
sub ( Let i t e b ) = let App ( Lam i' t' b ' ) e' = sub ( App ( Lam i t b ) e ) in Let i' t' e' b'
spine ( Let i t e b ) as = spine ( App ( Lam i t b ) e ) as
with typeAnd using itWriting a pretty printer and parser for this is pretty straight forward so I 'll skip that and just point you to the code .
BTW , instead of using Parsec for the parser like everyone else I used ReadP .
The ReadP library is very nice , partly because the alternative operator is actually commutative ( unlike Parsec ) .
But the error messages suck .
Now if we want to use , say , the identity function more than once we need to name it .
There is a mechanism for that , namely λ.
But it looks awkward .
Look : What makes it awkward is that the name , , is far away from the body , .
From Haskell we are more used theandexpressions .
So let 's add that .
Instead of what we have above we 'll write
Theconstruct could be just be syntactic suger for a lambda and an application , but I 've decided to add it as a constructor to the expression type instead .
Adding a new constructor means that we have to modify all the functions operating on , and it 's extra much work becauseis a variable binding construct .
For substitution we just cheat a little and use the expansion into an application and λ And for normal form we use the same trick .
And for now , let 's extend the type checker in the same way .
To make definitions a little less verbose I 'll allow multiple bindings .
E.g .
let x ::
Int = g a ; y :: Int = f x in h x y
Let
let id ( a ::*) ( x : :a ) :: a = x in ...
let f ( x1::t1 ) ... ( xn : : tn ) :: t = b in e
let f :: forall ( x1::t1 ) ... ( xn : : tn ) . t = \ ( x1::t1 ) ... ( xn : : tn ) -> b in e
let id :: forall ( a ::*) . a -> a ; id a x = x ; in ...
Bool
It 's just multiple nesteds in the obvious way .
Another shorthand .
I 'll allow the identity function to be written
The translation is pretty easyisAnd finally , to make it even more like Haskell , I 'll allow the type signature to be on a line of its own , omitting types on the bound variables .
It 's pretty easy to translate to the bare expression type .
Why all these little syntactic extras ?
Well , remember Mary Poppins " A spoonful of sugar makes the medicine go down . "
Phew !
Enough syntax , on to the examples .
We could start by throwing in all kinds of primitive types into our little language , but who knows what might happen then .
All the nice properties that have been shown about the language might not hold anymore .
So instead we 'll code all the types we need with what we already have .
The Bool type has two values : False and True .
So we need to find a type that has exactly two different values .
Fortunately that 's easy : a->a->a
( I 'll be a bit sloppy and leave off top level quantifier sometimes , just like Haskell ;
That should be forall ( a ::*) . a->a->a ) .
Why does that have two possible values ?
Well , we have a function type that must return an a for any possible a that it 's given , so it can't conjure up the return value out of thin air .
It has to return one of it 's arguments .
And there are two arguments to choose from , so there are two different values in that type .
Here 's Bool , False , True :
Bool :: *;
Bool = forall ( a ::*) .
a->a->a ; False :: Bool ; False = \ ( a ::*) ( x : :a ) ( y: :a ) -> x ; True :: Bool ; True = \ ( a ::*) ( x : :a ) ( y: :a ) -> y ;
Bool
type Bool = forall a .
a->a-> a false ::
Bool false = \ x y -> x true ::
Bool true = \ x y -> y
type
*
forall
*
If the definition forwas written in Haskell it would beIt would be easy to add more sugar and allowwhich just means you 're defining something of type .
And you could also make an omitted type in amean type .
But I 've not added these little extras .
Defining the if function is trivial ; it 's just a matter of permuting the arguments a little , because the boolean values come with the " if " built in .
if :: forall ( a ::*) .
Bool -> a -> a -> a ; if a b t f = b a t f ;
if
if
Note how the type signature is exactly the same as you 'd find in Haskell .
A difference is that we have explicit type abstraction and type application .
For instance , takes a first argument that is the type of the branches .
So when usingwe must pass in a type .
Given this we can try to type check some simple code :
let Bool :: *;
Bool = forall ( a ::*) .
a->a->a ; False :: Bool ; False = \ ( a ::*) ( x : :a ) ( y: :a ) -> x ; in False
* CubeExpr > typeCheck $ read " let Bool :: *; Bool = forall ( a ::*) .
a->a->a ; False :: Bool ; False = \\ ( a ::*) ( x : :a ) ( y: :a ) -> x ; in False " *** Exception : Type error : Bad function argument type : Function : \ ( False :: Bool ) ->
False argument : \ ( a :: *) ( x :: a ) ( y :: a ) -> x expected type : Bool got type : forall ( a :: *) .
a->a->a
Bool
forall ( a :: *) .
a->a->a
Bool
Bool
*
Here is what happens :
What is it whining about ?
Expected , got .
But it says right there in the code thatis exactly that .
What 's going on ?
Well , the type checker knows theof everything , but not theof anything .
So the type checker knows that type ofis , but it does n't know what it is equal to .
The problem is that when we have a let binding we know the value of the defined variable and to be able to do dependent type checking the type checker needs to know it too .
We need to change the type checking of let .
Here 's a simple solution :
A population study of microbes in Yellowstone National Park hot pools suggests viruses might be buoyed by steam to distant pools .
The result , to be published online next week in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , could help to answer some fundamental questions about how microbes , and the viruses that infect them , impact their environment .
Researchers at Montana State University and Idaho National Laboratory embarked on one of the first comprehensive , long - term characterizations of hot pool ecosystems in Yellowstone National Park .
The results help shed light on how viruses survive in hostile surroundings , migrate from pool to pool , and may help control hot pool environments .
A big question for biologists is how much microbes and their predators contribute to creating the acidic , mineral - heavy environment in geothermal features .
In the laboratory , microbes like sulfur - eating Sulfolobus , which is found in hot pools around the world , will lower the acidity of the surrounding water to their comfort level .
Viruses that infect hot pool microbes may have a similar effect on their environment by keeping certain populations in check .
To investigate the impact of viruses on their ecosystems , researchers at the Montana State University Thermal Biology Institute , with the help of Idaho National Laboratory , sampled three distinct Yellowstone hot pools over the course of two years .
Initially , the team looked for a relationship between pool conditions and microbe population .
But while the populations of different viruses fluctuated wildly , pool conditions stayed the same .
Instead , the researchers found something surprising – changes in Sulfolobus virus populations suggested the viruses were migrating from pool to pool .
The researchers set out to determine how migration to pools miles away might occur .
Since subterranean water temperatures are so high , underground migration seemed unlikely .
Following a hunch , the researchers found viruses in the air column above pools , suggesting the viruses might be buoyed from pool to pool in droplets of steam .
Strangely , viruses thrived in pools even if their chosen hosts were relatively rare .
Sulfolobus viruses are not hearty .
Most survive only a few hours in the acidic water outside a host .
If Sulfolobus is common microbe in a hot pool , a virus ’ next victim might be too far away to reach .
Still , the study suggests the viruses are successful in infecting microbes , even if new hosts are rare and separated by hostile waters .
The viruses might also be capable of infecting a wider range of microbes than researchers now know .
“ It ’s really a mystery how these viruses could have evolved if they ca n’t survive in hot pools by themselves , ” says Idaho National Laboratory microbiology Frank Roberto , who sequenced and analyzed the virus DNA .
“ To reproduce , these viruses need to leave their hosts .
Then they ’re entering a really hostile environment . ”
Learning how viruses interact with their thermoacidophilic hosts may become increasingly important as microbes are adapted for a number of large - scale energy applications , from cleaning coal plant smokestacks to processing cellulose for ethanol .
A greater understanding of the significance of viruses in Yellowstone thermal features is still on the horizon , Roberto says .
“ We ’re in uncharted territory in terms of understanding how these viruses impact the ecosystem of these pools , ” he says .
When viruses leave their hosts , they sometimes carry bits of host DNA with them .
Roberto speculates Yellowstone viruses may transport genetic information from one pool to another , impacting the evolution of microbes across the park .
Source : Idaho National Laboratory
FCC Chairman Kevin Martin has officially declined to launch an inquiry into the behavior of US telephone companies after September 11 .
Extensive news reports have claimed that AT&T , BellSouth ( now part of AT&T ) , and Verizon offered the NSA access to certain information from their networks , and some reports have indicated that AT&T even allowed the government to install optical splitters at key locations .
Attempts at suing the companies for disclosing customer information without a legal basis have to date been thwarted or delayed by the government 's decision to assert a " state secrets " privilege in the cases .
Intelligence officials also make clear that they would like to see retroactive immunity given to the phone companies for their ( alleged ) tremendous act of service to the nation .
Rep. Ed Markey ( D - MA ) , who heads the House Subcommittee on Telecommunications and the Internet , has been asking the FCC for months to launch an investigation of the entire affair .
After receiving Markey 's letter earlier this year , FCC Chairman Kevin Martin wrote the Attorney General and asked for legal guidance on whether such a proceeding would jeopardize US national security .
Given the importance of the proceeding , you might expect the Attorney General 's office to respond immediately , and with a forceful defense of secrecy .
Instead , Martin was met with silence .
When he did not receive a reply , Martin again contacted the Department of Justice , which eventually referred his query to J.M. McConnell , the Director of National Intelligence .
McConnell responded last week , telling Martin ( to no one 's surprise ) that such an investigation could cause " exceptionally grave damage to the national security . "
Martin then sent a letter to Markey that included this little timeline of events .
" I am disappointed by the FCC 's response , " Markey said in a statement after receiving the letter .
" I still hold that it is well within the authority of the independent agency responsible for the enforcement of our nation 's communications privacy laws to investigate the very serious reports that the intelligence agencies were using telephone companies to obtain phone records and Internet data on citizens without proper , prior authorization .
I believe the agency could conduct its own examination of such reports in a way that safeguards national security . "
Markey and other members of the House appear determined to press ahead with some sort of investigation of their own , however .
Markey , John Dingell ( D - MI ) , and Bart Stupak ( D - MI ) all signed letters to AT&T , Verizon , and Qwest last week that sought more information about how the companies handled the release of private information .
They also sought comments on the matter from groups like the ACLU , the EFF , the Center for Democracy and Technology , and the Electronic Privacy Information Center .
Markey still wants to see fireworks , but it looks like they 'll happen at the Capitol and not FCC headquarters .
Dr Johnny Franco “s popularity is increasing day after day in the medicine world .
He specializes in plastic surgery and made the Brazilian Butt Lift popular in the media .
The plastic surgeon is a graduated from the University of Texas and served his residency at Saint Louis University School , completing additional residence in Chan Gung Hospital in Taiwan where he has learnt microsurgery for cancer reconstruction .
He has received many academic awards for his achievements and he is Clinical Faculty at Florida International University .
The Brazilian Butt Lift is one of the most popular consultations at his office , as he is able to achieve natural butt augmentation transforming the shape performing liposuction if necessary to use fat in augmentation resulting in a natural look .
In a recent interview , he declares that patients are very worried about how they are going to look after the surgery and for that reason , he is incorporating Crisalix 3D imaging system , an interactive simulator for augmentation that is completely based in three photos of the patient and some measurements so patients can compare the before and ate and feel more relax about taking the final decision .
The system has proven to improve the chances of success of different types of surgical and non surgical procedures .
Why fear the Invisible Hand ?
Because the invisible hand is evil .
As construed by those conservatives currently in power , it is the economic equivalent of the Devil .
This conclusion is going to come as a shock to many conservatives , because they give homage to the invisible hand as though it were the Fourth Person of the Holy Quartet .
Before going further , let ’s consider the literary origin of “ the invisible hand . ”
The phrase was coined by Adam Smith , as recounted by Wikipedia :
In The Wealth of Nations and other writings , Smith claims that , in capitalism , an individual pursuing his own self - interest tends to also promote the good of his community as a whole through a principle that he called “ the invisible hand ” .
In detail , a free competitive market ensures that those goods and services perceived as most beneficial , efficient , or of highest quality will naturally be those that are most profitable .
Thus , self - interest striving for profit has the side - effect of benefiting everyone by increasing standards .
Smith saw the mechanism for this as being the free price system .
Conservatives have grabbed this metaphor of the invisible hand as though it were both descriptive and prescriptive .
The current use of the phrase by conservatives is admittedly more expanded than Adam Smith ’s original use .
The modern conservative claim is not only that the invisible hand controls the economy .
They also claim that the invisible hand should be in charge .
They believe that millions of private purchasing decisions are automatically and deftly coordinated by the omniscient and omnipotent Invisible Hand .
We do the bidding of the Hand .
We benefit “ the good of the community as a whole ” when we buy our whiskey , our triple cheeseburgers , our stacks of gambling chips , our Barbie Dolls and our Hummers .
Conservatives are convinced that the Hand orchestrates all of our private local urges into decisions that are also “ best ” for our communities and our world .
When we race out to buy anything at all , then , the Invisible Hand allegedly smiles Its approval .
To violate the Will of the Invisible Hand would be to contravene the will of God , for conservatives .
Lucky for us , however , even our most impulsive seemingly - irresponsible purchases cannot , by definition , violate the Will of the Invisible Hand .
Everything we buy is pre-approved by the Invisible Hand .
Foolishness is the equivalent of intelligence , by the grace of the Invisible Hand .
To be socially responsible ( according to conservatives ) , we do n’t need to give any thought to our purchase decisions .
Nor does government need to regulate any industry .
It ’s all taken care of by the Hand .
“ The Free Market will take care of it , ” conservatives assure me , “ no matter what it is . ”
It is the Government that screws up the economy ; the remedy is to stay out of the way of the healing powers of lassie faire , they say , i.e. , kill government spending .
When we stay out of the way ( by not interfering with the Majesty of the Hand ) , the Invisible Hand watches out for us , takes care of us and solves all problems in an utterly perfect way .
That ’s what conservatives claim , even though they dramatically and irresponsibly increase government spending .
I disagree .
It ’s time to judge the Invisible Hand by the damage
It has wrought .
It ’s time to be irreverent , even blasphemous .
It ’s time to mock the Hand and then kill it .
Under the Hand ’s reign , we have seen our forests , soil and air contaminated .
The Hand has repeatedly given
Its approval when we frivolously waste non-renewable resources like oil and fresh water .
The Hand has is conspicuosly silent now , however , in light of the total loss of commercial quality fish from most of the North Atlantic .
The Hand approves that we are spending big money on foolishly while many of our schools are desperate for funds .
The Hand has allowed pesticides and toxins spread far and wide , despite the fact that we have almost no idea how these chemicals are affecting the health of humans .
Our individual spending decisions are making us fat and sick and stupid , but that ’s all OK by the Hand .
All of this can only lead to one conclusion .
The Invisible Hand is not benevolent .
Based on the waste , pollution and reckless spending allowed by the Hand , it is clear that the Hand is evil .
It ’s time to publicly acknowledge the Hand ’s evil and destructive intent so that we can make some big changes .
What ’s the biggest change ?
We ’re going to have to start thinking for ourselves when we make purchases .
We ca n’t depend on the Invisible Hand to keep us “ helping ” our communities in blissful ignorance anymore .
No purchase should any longer simply be presumed to be beneficial–many purchases are damaging to the community and to our environment .
There needs to be a counter - weight to private decisions to consume and confiscate .
No purchase should any longer be considered completely local–many products have wide - ranging damaging effects .
Nor should purchases any longer be presumed , in the absence of evidence , to be community - enhancing or amoral .
Many private purchases are destructive and immoral .
We need to acknowledge that dollars are not fungible and that every purchase has moral consequences .
We need to start thinking more when we make purchases , or else we will continue to crap up our planet to such an incredible extent that the next generation will curse us every day for our failure to think .
It ’s time to kick the fiction of the Benevolent Invisible Hand out of our lexicon .
But first , it is time to expose the Hand for what it has become for too many people who currently hold political power :
The Invisible Hand is an excuse for our collective refusal to think , our failure to care about others and our failure to care about even our own future .
The current version of the Invisible Hand amounts to a total abdication of responsibility .
It is a license to hurt others and destroy our own future .
It ’s time to kill the Hand before it kills us .
Now that you 've added another monitor to your computer setup , you 've got double the screen real estate to get things done — but are you putting all that space to good use ?
Whether you want to stretch your desktop wallpaper or taskbar across two monitors or perfectly snap all your windows into place every time , there are a few utilities that can help you make the most of every last pixel of your dual monitors .
Let 's take a look .
Advertisement
The Basics
If you have n't taken the plunge into doubling up on monitors , you have a few options for doing so , from adding a second video card to your computer , to replacing the old one with a dual card , or just plugging a monitor into your laptop and using its screen as a second monitor .
Here 's a primer on how to set up dual monitors .
If your boss wo n't approve the purchase order for your second monitor at work ?
Tell her studies show it will increase your productivity .
Advertisement
How to set up dual monitors
Tech mag PC World has a video demonstrating how to install and configure a dual - monitor setup .
Read more
Once you 've got the two screens hooked up , go to your system 's display settings to configure their arrangement .
One of the screens will be your " primary " monitor ( numbered 1 ) and then the secondary .
Hit the " Identify " button to throw up numbers on each screen letting you know which is which .
If one of your monitors is smaller than the other , drag and drop it to align to the top or bottom of its comrade in the same way the screens are physically aligned on your desk , to ensure the smoothest window and mouse movement between the two .
In my case , my MacBook Pro is the primary monitor to the bottom right of my widescreen , as pictured ( click to enlarge ) .
Out of the box , Mac OS X handles dual monitors better than Windows : you can set screen - specific wallpaper images by default without any extra software .
Just choose " Set Desktop Background , " and a panel appears on each screen to configure them separately .
Advertisement
Windows can't set different wallpaper images on a per- screen basis by default ; when you choose your wallpaper it appears on both screens .
That would n't be so bad , except for Windows ' inability to deal with different sized monitors .
If you choose the " stretch " option and you 've got two monitors of different sizes , Windows can't stretch the image properly to fill in each screen .
( This was true on my test XP setup , not sure how Vista handles this . )
If you 've installed a dual - monitor video card , its drivers may give you the ability to configure each screen individually , but that leaves us laptop second monitor types out of luck — without the right software , that is .
Advertisement
One free utility which sets per-monitor wallpaper OR stretches one panoramic image across two screens is the previously posted DisplayFusion , pictured to the right ( click to enlarge ) .
DisplayFusion has a nice perk : the ability to search Flickr for wallpaper images built right in .
DisplayFusion requires the free .NET runtime , and it works on both XP and Vista .
For more on DisplayFusion , check out The How - to Geek 's tutorial .
Advertisement
( Speaking of wallpaper , if you 're looking for some new good images , check out our Top 10 free wallpaper , fonts and icon sources .
A few great suggestions in the comments , especially on our Dual Screen Wallpapers listing . )
Advertisement
If you 're willing to plunk down some cash for superior wallpaper management — along with per monitor screensavers , taskbar stretching and lots more dual monitor control — you want UltraMon .
A single license will set you back $ 40 , but UltraMon includes all the multi- monitor features you want in one package .
Advertisement
Extend the Taskbar Across Monitors
It 's easy to move your Windows taskbar from one monitor to the other : make sure it's not locked ( right - click and uncheck " Lock the Taskbar " ) and then just click and drag it to any side of either monitor to make it stick .
The problem is you do n't want to have to scoot your mouse over to the place where the taskbar lives every time you need it .
( Especially now that it 's got all that way to travel . )
Instead , a couple of utilities can extend your taskbar across screens .
Advertisement
From the free downloads department , you can grab previously posted MultiMon taskbar .
This little utility adds a taskbar to your secondary monitor ( including a clock ) , and lists only the programs that are open on each screen in their respective taskbars .
MultiMon also adds buttons to each window near the minimize button to move windows between monitors , and handy keyboard shortcuts that do the same .
( Try it : Ctrl + Alt + Right Arrow and Ctrl+ Alt + Left Arrow . )
The taskbar MultiMon adds does n't necessarily match your Windows theme , so it can look out of place , and I also had trouble with its taskbar floating above the bottom of my screen instead of sitting flush .
MultiMon gets the job done , but a better taskbar extension 's offered in UltraMon , the $ 40 utility mentioned above which also handles wallpaper and screensavers .
Take a look at the smooth taskbar extension across two screens with UltraMon , courtesy of Adam ( click to enlarge ) :
Download of the Day : Multi-Monitor taskbar ( Windows ) Windows only : Freeware program Multi-Monitor taskbar adds a Windows taskbar to your second monitor …
Read more
Advertisement
Managing Windows
Advertisement
Now that you 've got your wallpaper and taskbar sussed out , it 's time to start taking advantage of all that screen real estate with the apps you 're actually using all day .
The biggest productivity gain you 'll get from multiple monitors is the ability to have several windows open and visible across that wide expanse of space , without the need to switch windows , Alt - Tab or click .
Advertisement
On Windows you can tile windows without any extra software .
Just select as many open windows as you want by Ctrl+clicking them on the taskbar , right - click and choose " Tile Horizontally " ( or Vertically ) .
Advertisement
If Windows built - in tiling does n't cut it , there are a few utilities that do more .
Easily resize and move windows into screen halves or quadrants with freeware WinSplit Revolution , which offers handy hotkeys for moving windows between screens as well as to quadrants of the current monitor .
Here 's a sampling of WinSplit 's customizable keyboard shortcuts :
Advertisement
Alternately , a mature AutoHotkey script called WindowPad achieves the same goal .
Using the Windows key and your keyboard 's number pad ( similar to WinSplit 's default ) , you can move and arrange windows across monitors with WindowPad .
Here 's the AHK code which you can modify yourself ; or just download the WindowPad.exe file , which I compiled .
Thanks , LukeHolder !
Advertisement
To define custom screen areas and snap windows into them , check out the free GridMove .
Advertisement
Desktop Pinups and Overlays
Advertisement
Of course , you do n't have to fill your entire desktop with active windows .
Multiple monitors are also a nice way to keep " ambient " information in your visual field without it being right in your face all day .
My laptop monitor is off to the side so I use it for secondary applications ( like IM , email , music player ) , but it also comes in handy for to - do lists , system monitoring graphs , and even a calendar .
My favorite desktop overlay utilities are Samurize for Windows and GeekTool for Mac .
I use both to list my todo. txt and remind calendar on my desktop , though both also support embedding images .
You can also do things like embed Outlook 's calendar on your secondary monitor , as shown , or even use Windows Active Desktop to embed your Google Cal , too .
Advertisement
How do you make the most of your dual — or even triple — monitors ?
Tell us about it in the comments .
Advertisement
Gina Trapani , the editor of Lifehacker , is officially a dual monitor diva .
Her weekly feature , Geek to Live , appears every Friday on Lifehacker .
Subscribe to the Geek to Live feed to get new installments in your newsreader .
The iPod can supercharge your learning .
But it 's often a matter of finding the right software and content .
Below , we 've listed several new pieces of software that will let you suck more educational media ( DVDs , web videos , audio files , etc. ) into your iPod .
And we 've also listed some important pieces of content that will make your iPod a better learning gadget .
So here it goes ( and be sure to see our related piece 10 Signs of Intelligent Life at YouTube ) : Encyclopodia is a free piece of software that brings Wikipedia to the iPod.
Encyclopodia can be installed on iPod generations 1 through 4 , as well as iPod Minis .
Definitely worth a try .
2 ) Watch DVDs on Your iPod :
This free , open source software works on MacOS X , Linux and Windows , and makes it simple to load and watch DVDs on your video iPod .
Here are some helpful instructions to get you started .
3 ) Load YouTube Videos to Your iPod : ConvertTube allows you to take any YouTube video and convert it to a format that works on your iPod .
It 's as simple as entering a url and clicking " convert and download . "
If you want to give the software a test run , try converting these UC Berkeley courses that were recently launched on YouTube .
Or these Nobel Prize speeches .
4 ) Make Other Video Formats iPod-Ready : Lifehacker recently mentioned three other pieces of software that will make a variety of other video formats iPod-ready .
For Windows , see Videora ; for Mac , see iSquint .
Or more generally see Zamzar .
In a nutshell , these items will turn a wide range of video formats into the one video format ( MPEG - 4 ) that your iPod likes .
5 ) Convert MP3 files into One Big iPod Audiobook File : Downloading free audiobooks can often require you to work with a series of separate mp3 files , which can make things rather cumbersome .
This software does you a favor and mashes the files into one manageable file .
And it has a feature that will let your Ipod remember where you stopped if you decide to take a break .
( If this one appeals to you , be sure to see item # 10 . )
6 ) Create eBooks for the iPod :
This bit of software turns text files into ebooks that you can read on your iPod .
After you load a text file , it will make the text readable through iPod Notes ( which you can find under " Extra Setttings " ) .
Then , voila , a portable text .
Thanks to Pachecus.com for pointing this one out .
7 ) Record Web Audio and Move it To Your iPod : Designed for Macs , iRecordMusic enables you to easily record audio from web pages and Internet radio streams .
So if you 're surfing the web and find a good piece of streamed audio , it lets you record it and then transfer the media to your iPod .
The only downside is that the software is n't free .
It will run you $ 24.95 , but it may well be worth it .
You can download a trial version here .
8 ) Get a Civic Education on Your Ipod :
This site allows you to download to your iPod ten important documents that any educated American should be familiar with .
The texts include : The Declaration of Independence , Constitution of the United States , Bill of Rights , Louisiana Purchase Treaty , Emancipation Proclamation , Gettysburg Address , Civil Rights Act , and several others .
( Note : You can also download here an iPod version of Merriam - Webster 's Pocket Dictionary for $ 9.95 . )
9 ) Load Maps onto Your iPod :
If you travel to New York City , Paris , Berlin or Moscow , how will you find your way to the museums ?
iSubwayMaps is the answer .
It lets you download subway maps from 24 major cities across the globe .
You 'll only need an iPod with photo capability and you 'll be good to go .
( By the way , if you want to load Google Maps to your iPod , here is a tutorial that will explain how . )
10 ) Study Foreign Languages , Take University Courses , and Listen to AudioBooks on Your iPod - All for Free :
Ok , so this is a cheap but worthwhile plug for some of our richest podcast collections .
Our Foreign Language Podcast Collection lets your learn over 25 different foreign languages .
Our AudioBook podcast collection will give you portable access to 100 + classic works of literature and nonfiction .
And this university podcast collection provides access to over 85 courses recorded at leading American universities .
Not bad , if I say so myself .
For our complete podcast library , click here .
Know of more software or content that will supercharge your iPod ?
Feel free to list them in our comments .
And if they 're good , we 'll happily add them to the list .
For more great iPod utilities , see the recent features by Lifehacker and Pachecus.com .
Subscribe to Our Feed
Encoding
As set by the server / page UTF - 8 ( Global ) UTF - 16 ( Global ) Windows - 1250 ( Central European ) Windows - 1251 ( Cyrillic ) Windows - 1252 ( Western ) Windows - 1253 ( Greek ) Windows - 1254 ( Turkish ) Windows - 1255 ( Hebrew ) Windows - 1256 ( Arabic ) Windows - 1257 ( Baltic ) Windows - 1258 ( Vietnamese ) ISO - 8859 -1 ( Western ) ISO - 8859 -2 ( Central European ) ISO - 8859-3 ( South European ) ISO - 8859 -4 ( Baltic ) ISO - 8859 -5 ( Cyrillic ) ISO - 8859-6 ( Arabic ) ISO - 8859 -7 ( Greek ) ISO - 8859 -8 ( Hebrew ) ISO - 8859-9 ( Turkish ) ISO - 8859 -13 ( Baltic ) ISO - 8859 -15 ( Western ) KOI8 - R ( Russian ) TIS - 620 ( Thai ) GBK ( Chinese , simplified ) GB18030 ( Chinese , simplified ) Big5 ( Chinese , traditional ) Big5 - HKSCS ( Chinese , traditional ) Shift_JIS ( Japanese ) ISO - 2022 - JP ( Japanese ) EUC -JP ( Japanese ) ISO - 2022 - KR ( Korean ) EUC-KR ( Korean )
[ Editor ’s note :
This post was locked at zero on reddit immediately ]
100 - plus celebrate holiday with impeachment rally
Kristin Czubkowski – The Capital Times , Madison WI
As passersby walked to nearby State Street on a warm afternoon , loud voices –both those chanting in unison and those leading the crowd–called out to them during a protest outside the Capitol .
“ Lie and spy and deny–oh my ! ” “ Impeach Bush ! ” “ Impeach Cheney ! ”
Most politicians — including the protest ’s target , U.S. Rep. Tammy Baldwin — had left Madison ’s downtown Wednesday to make their way to Fourth of July parades and festivals as the crowd of more than 100 protestors assembled on the stairs to the Capitol to call for the impeachment of President Bush and Vice President Cheney .
The group called on Baldwin to support current House Resolution 333 , introduced by Rep. Dennis Kucinich and co-sponsored by nine other representatives to impeach the nation ’s No. 2 official for “ high crimes and misdemeanors . ”
( Original Article )
“ Comparison of grassroots reporting vs. mainstream reporting . ”
Update : now on digg – you can digg it here
To see how the local news covered Ron Paul supporters click here .
Stephen M. Walt and John J. Mearsheimer TOM BACHTELL
Last year , two distinguished political scientists , John J. Mearsheimer , of the University of Chicago , and Stephen M. Walt , of the John F. Kennedy School of Government , at Harvard , published a thirty - four - thousand - word article online entitled “ The Israel Lobby and U.S. Foreign Policy , ” a shorter version of which appeared in The London Review of Books .
Israel , they wrote , has become a “ strategic liability ” for the United States but retains its strong support because of a wealthy , well - organized , and bewitching lobby that has a “ stranglehold ” on Congress and American élites .
Moreover , Israel and its lobby bear outsized responsibility for persuading the Bush Administration to invade Iraq and , perhaps one day soon , to attack the nuclear facilities of Iran .
Farrar , Straus & Giroux will publish a book - length version of Mearsheimer and Walt ’s arguments on September 4th .
Mearsheimer and Walt are “ realists . ”
In their view , diplomatic decisions should be made on the basis of national interest .
They argue that in the post - Cold War era , in the absence of a superpower struggle in the Middle East , the United States no longer has any need for an indulgent patronage of the state of Israel .
Three billion dollars in annual foreign aid , the easy sale of advanced weaponry , thirty - four vetoes of U.N. Security Council resolutions critical of Israel since 1982 — such support , Mearsheimer and Walt maintain , is not in the national interest .
“ There is a strong moral case for supporting Israel ’s existence , ” they write , but they deny that Israel is of critical strategic value to the United States .
The disappearance of Israel , in their view , would jeopardize neither America ’s geopolitical interests nor its core values .
Such is their “ realism . ”
The authors observe that discussion about Israel in the United States is often circumscribed , and that the ultimate price for criticizing Israel is to be branded an anti-Semite .
They set out to write “ The Israel Lobby , ” they have said , to break taboos and stimulate discussion .
They anticipated some ugly attacks , and were not disappointed .
The Washington Post published a piece by the Johns Hopkins professor Eliot Cohen under the headline “ Yes , It ’s Anti-Semitic . ”
The Times reported earlier this month that several organizations , including a Jewish community center , have decided to withdraw speaking invitations to Mearsheimer and Walt , in violation of good sense and the spirit of open discussion .
Mearsheimer and Walt are not anti-Semites or racists .
They are serious scholars , and there is no reason to doubt their sincerity .
They are right to describe the moral violation in Israel ’s occupation of Palestinian lands .
( In this , most Israelis and most American Jews agree with them . )
They were also right about Iraq .
The strategic questions they raise now , particularly about Israel ’s privileged relationship with the United States , are worth debating ––just as it is worth debating whether it is a good idea to be selling arms to Saudi Arabia .
But their announced objectives have been badly undermined by the contours of their argument — a prosecutor ’s brief that depicts Israel as a singularly pernicious force in world affairs .
Mearsheimer and Walt have not entirely forgotten their professional duties , and they periodically signal their awareness of certain complexities .
But their conclusions are unmistakable : Israel and its lobbyists bear a great deal of blame for the loss of American direction , treasure , and even blood .
In Mearsheimer and Walt ’s cartography , the Israel lobby is not limited to AIPAC , the American Israel Public Affairs Committee .
It is a loose yet well - oiled coalition of Jewish - American organizations , “ watchdog ” groups , think tanks , Christian evangelicals , sympathetic journalists , and neocon academics .
This is not a cabal but a world in which Abraham Foxman gives the signal , Pat Robertson describes his apocalyptic rapture , Charles Krauthammer pumps out a column , Bernard Lewis delivers a lecture — and the President of the United States invades another country .
Dick Cheney , Donald Rumsfeld , and Exxon - Mobil barely exist .
Where many accounts identify Osama bin Laden ’s primary grievances with American support of “ infidel ” authoritarian regimes in Islamic lands , Mearsheimer and Walt align his primary concerns with theirs : America ’s unwillingness to push Israel to end the occupation of the West Bank and Gaza .
( It does n’t matter that Israel and the Palestinians were in peace negotiations in 1993 , the year of the first attack on the World Trade Center , or that during the Camp David negotiations in 2000 bin Laden ’s pilots were training in Florida . )
Mearsheimer and Walt give you the sense that , if the Israelis and the Palestinians come to terms , bin Laden will return to the family construction business .
It ’s a narrative that recounts every lurid report of Israeli cruelty as indisputable fact but leaves out the rise of Fatah and Palestinian terrorism before 1967 ; the Munich Olympics ; Black September ; myriad cases of suicide bombings ; and other spectaculars .
The narrative rightly points out the destructiveness of the Israeli settlements in the occupied territories and America ’s reluctance to do much to curtail them , but there is scant mention of Palestinian violence or diplomatic bungling , only a recitation of the claim that , in 2000 , Israel offered “ a disarmed set of Bantustans under de-facto Israeli control . ”
( Strange that , at the time , the Saudi Prince Bandar told Yasir Arafat , “ If we lose this opportunity , it is not going to be a tragedy .
This is going to be a crime . ” )
Nor do they dwell for long on instances when the all - powerful Israel lobby failed to sway the White House , as when George H. W. Bush dragged Yitzhak Shamir to the Madrid peace conference .
Lobbying is inscribed in the American system of power and influence .
Big Pharma , the A.A.R.P. , the N.R.A. , the N.A.A.C.P. , farming interests , the American Petroleum Institute , and hundreds of others shuttle between K Street and Capitol Hill .
Zbigniew Brzezinski , President Carter ’s national - security adviser , recently praised Mearsheimer and Walt in the pages of Foreign Policy for the service of “ initiating a much - needed public debate , ” but he went on to provide a tone and a perspective that are largely missing from their arguments .
“ The participation of ethnic or foreign - supported lobbies in the American policy process is nothing new , ” he observes .
“ In my public life , I have dealt with a number of them .
I would rank the Israeli - American , Cuban - American , and Armenian - American lobbies as the most effective in their assertiveness .
The Greek - and Taiwanese - American lobbies also rank highly in my book .
The Polish - American lobby was at one time influential ( Franklin Roosevelt complained about it to Joseph Stalin ) , and I daresay that before long we will be hearing a lot from the Mexican- , Hindu - , and Chinese - American lobbies as well . ”
Taming the influence of lobbies , if that is what Mearsheimer and Walt desire , is a matter of reforming the lobbying and campaign - finance laws .
But that is clearly not the source of the hysteria surrounding their arguments .
“ The Israel Lobby ” is a phenomenon of its moment .
The duplicitous and manipulative arguments for invading Iraq put forward by the Bush Administration , the general inability of the press to upend those duplicities , the triumphalist illusions , the miserable performance of the military strategists , the arrogance of the Pentagon , the stifling of dissent within the military and the government , the moral disaster of Abu Ghraib and Guantánamo , the rise of an intractable civil war , and now an incapacity to deal with the singular winner of the war , Iran — all of this has left Americans furious and demanding explanations .
Mearsheimer and Walt provide one : the Israel lobby .
In this respect , their account is not so much a diagnosis of our polarized era as a symptom of it . ♦
It may be news to its bankers , but Charlotte , the biggest city in North Carolina and a major center of the American financial industry , is actually an old growth forest .
At least that 's the way the barred owls see it . .
Charlotte is famous for having two kinds of green .
It is home to two of the nation 's largest banks and its downtown residential neighborhoods and near - suburbs are also known for their lush yards and green streets , lined with large trees .
Less well - known is the fact that the city is almost as well populated with large owls - particularly barred owls - as it is with bankers .
Harry Potter would feel very much at home .
In fact , the barred owl population in Charlotte is so strong that the city was chosen to be the site for the most extensive barred owl research study that has ever been attempted , with fieldwork going on in the manicured front lawns and gardened back yards of urban and suburban neighborhoods .
Urban wildlife numbers have been increasing in recent decades , notably in populations of squirrels , Canada geese , raccoons and deer , but the appearance of significant urban populations of barred owls , the third largest owl species in the US , is a surprise to many biologists .
" If you read about barred owls in the textbooks , it says they need large stands of old - growth forest to survive , " notes University of North Carolina at Charlotte ecologist and ornithologist Rob Bierregaard , who has directed the six - year - old research study .
" Either the barred owls in Charlotte have n't read that book or the book is wrong , because they are really here and apparently doing quite well . "
" We have concluded is that there may be a third possibility : that old suburban neighborhoods in fact are an old growth forest , at least as far as the barred owls are concerned . "
Bierregaard 's study has now found and monitored more than 200 nesting attempts by 78 different pairs in both suburban Charlotte and the surrounding countryside , but the project began when he first considered doing a study of barn owls , which are common in farm country , as a thesis project for a graduate student .
A team of volunteers was necessary to support the effort and , unfortunately , they all lived in the city -- a long drive from the proposed rural study sites .
In order to accommodate the volunteers , the researchers pragmatically changed the target species and put up nest boxes in the wooded suburban neighborhood where the volunteers lived .
Barred owls , they discovered , were common there .
" Barred owls need old growth forest because they need trees big enough to have holes to nest in , " Bierregaard noted .
" They also need a pretty open understory , because their hunting technique is to sit on a branch and wait for something to move .
If you have a young forest with a really thick undergrowth , they are not going to be able to see enough to hunt .
" When you look at suburban Charlotte , what do we have ?
We 've got giant old willow oak trees with plenty of holes in them and we 've got mowed lawns and azalea bushes , which is a very open understory , so they can see a long way .
The habitat is an ' uber ' old growth forest for owls because the understory is so open and there are plenty of birdfeeders to attract prey . "
The research study , which began in 2001 and has been sponsored by the Carolina Raptor Center , has been large - scale and in - depth , with researchers monitoring about 40 nesting sites each year and tracking many sets of young as they mature through attached radio transmitters .
Using radio telemetry , the team has mapped out a dozen or so owl territories in south Charlotte , each of which is about 200 acres in size .
Locating the birds and their nests , normally a very difficult task in wild forests , has been greatly simplified thanks to the reporting of ordinary Charlotteans , who apparently love their city 's owls .
" Probably half the nests we 've found because someone either called in to the Raptor Center and reported young on the ground or we 're wandering around a neighborhood with a tape recorder playing owl calls and someone will ask ' what are you doing ? '
I 'll explain and they 'll say ' there 's a pair three blocks over that way . '
Since they are so vocal , you can't be around a barred owl nest and not know it , " Bierregaard said .
Though amused to see the biologists afield in their yards , the Charlotte community seems to have eagerly embraced the project .
" Pretty much everybody knows us when they see us and the antennas , " he said .
" There are n't many neighborhoods where we have n't been . "
Public enthusiasm and interest aside , some very serious science is going on in people 's backyards .
One of the most important ecological questions that the study is close to answering is the question of whether or not the barred owls are really as successful in Charlotte as they appear to be .
The answer to the question of whether or not the city 's many owls have been able to be at home is not as obvious as it would seem on the surface .
For example , the cooper 's hawk , another raptor known to be common in cities like Charlotte , has been shown not to be able to breed successfully in the urban environment by a recent scientific study .
" Coopers hawks are drawn by the food , " Bierregaard notes .
" Everyone 's got birdfeeders up and a birdfeeder is just a two - step hawk feeding platform .
The local Coopers hawks have these kamikaze raids where they will fly though a neighborhood at full speed and they will come around a corner where they know there 's a birdfeeder and just see what flies up in front of them .
It is like they are trap - lining the local birdfeeders . "
The visiting hawks are not as successful , however , when it comes to nesting .
Cities abound with pigeons and doves , which are good prey for hawks but often carry a microbial parasite that is fatal to the hawks ' young .
The urban environment thus creates an ecological condition known as a " sink " - the area looks friendly to the birds but is really causing a net loss to the overall hawk population .
Birds are attracted into the area but are not able to replace themselves in the next generation .
The situation of barred owls in Charlotte is very different , Bierregaard and his students believe .
Though their findings are not fully complete , the researchers have so far found that the urban barred owls are able to reproduce effectively - perhaps significantly more effectively than in wild forests - because their rate of reproduction exceeds their rate of mortality .
In the city , owl death tends to happen either from disease or from cars , the owls ' most serious predator .
The researchers have attached miniaturized radio transmitters to young owls .
The ecologists then track the movements of the owls as they mature and note where they finally settle among the network of well - mapped territories and nesting sites , establishing a kind of on - going community history of the owl population in south Charlotte .
" If you see an owl in south Charlotte , chances are we know it by name , " said Bierregaard .
" There 's a location in Lata Park , for example , that has apparently had barred owls almost forever .
But just since we 've been studying that pair , it has been replaced by a completely new pair .
Three years ago , the male died - he was replaced .
The next year , the female died - the male raised the young as a single dad - and then the next year the female was replaced .
If we did n't have radios and know those birds , nobody would have known that they were new birds .
It 's been amazing how quickly they are replaced . "
Bierregaard notes that Charlotte was n't always such prime owl habitat .
A hundred years ago when the city was much smaller , most of the current residential area was farmland - open country with few trees that would be suitable for barred owl nests .
As the land was sold for residential neighborhoods , trees were planted which eventually grew to old growth forest size and , apparently , the owls moved in .
Now , as newer suburban continue to mature , the owl habitat is steadily expanding .
" As the farms have been abandoned , the new neighborhoods that replaced them have planted trees , " he said .
" If you wait long enough , the barred owls are going to expand their territory , as the trees start to grow up in the newer suburban neighborhoods . "
Other mysteries of urban owl life are beginning to emerge , including the question of what it is that city birds most like to eat - squirrel or cardinal , crawfish or koi ?
In the last couple of seasons the researchers have installed video recorders in some of the nest boxes , and Cori Cauble , one of Bierregaard 's graduate students , has been researching a thesis on the owl's food habits and how they compare to owls in the wild .
Before the video cameras , the researchers had noted the prominence of bird feathers in the nest boxes , but were unwilling to draw any conclusions because they noted that feathers were more likely to be left and preserved from kills than other kinds of remains .
The videos of owl home life answered the question .
" We scaled back our estimation on how important birds are in their diet until the first day we had a video camera in a box : they brought in eight prey items and four were birds .
That result has held - for two years we have had cameras in four or five different nests .
They have diverse diets , depending on territory , " he noted .
" We have one nest we call the ' sushi box ' because they bring in so many fresh fish , but even there the owls bring in a lot of birds . "
All - in - all , the researchers think a picture is emerging of barred owls that are nearly as happy in cities as people are , though like the humans , they hate and fear the traffic , and living space is at a premium .
" The biggest source of mortality in an urban environment is flying into cars , " Bierregaard noted .
" We 've had a couple die of diseases , but for most of the birds that we have had tagged , where we know how they died , they flew into a car .
But it seems that mortality even from that is n't that high .
" It certainly seems that they are cranking out enough young to more than make up the difference .
We are getting to the point now where young that we radio - tagged back in 2002 are having young .
It 's neat to watch how the young birds that we tagged wander around and find a spot where there is a vacancy , where a bird has died .
There are enough birds floating around that when a bird dies , that spot is filled really quickly . "
In the world of urban owls , it would appear , there is no downturn in the real estate market .
###
To see further information about the south Charlotte barred owl study , see the web pages at : http://www. bioweb. uncc. edu/ bierregaard / barred_owls .
htm
Source : Rob Bierregaard , 704-687-8973
What Is Mobile First ?
Your Ultimate Guide to Web Design in a Mobile Age
Well over half of all the searches conducted on the Internet are now completed on a mobile device .
This means that , if you ’re first and foremost designing your website with desktop users in mind , you ’re already behind the times .
While it ’s important that you optimize your website for a variety of different access points and devices , the reality is that mobile first designs will do far better in Google search engine results .
In fact , Google is now indexing websites according to their mobile - friendliness , and has adopted a mobile - first ranking factor .
But what is mobile first , and how can you ensure that your website is getting it right ?
That ’s what this post is all about .
Keep on reading to learn what it is and how to master it .
What Is Mobile First Web Design ?
First and foremost , let ’s answer the common question , “ What does mobile first mean ? ”
Simply put , it ’s the idea that searches who ideally end up on your website will use a tablet , a smartphone , or even a specific app in order to conduct their searches .
This means that they ’re more likely to conduct a search from their mobile phones than on a desktop computer .
This means that you ’ll need to create a design for your website that is properly optimized for mobile users .
This means that your website is able to load in full , and in less than three seconds .
It means that your images are optimized in terms of size and clarity for mobile devices .
It means , even , that buttons are large enough to click .
It also that your social media handles will automatically work with apps like Instagram and Facebook in order to send mobile device users to your accounts on their platforms when they click on links to them on your site .
It still puts responsive website design and a general intuitiveness and ease of navigation at the forefront of everything you do .
It just means that you should focus on mobile users first , and then on desktop users .
The Top Mobile First Design Principles
Now that we ’ve covered the mobile - first definition , let ’s take a look at a few of the many ways in which you can optimize your website for mobile users .
Yes , some of these ideas are complicated , but you ’ll likely be surprised ( and relieved ! ) to learn that some of them are fairly easy .
The Need For Speed
Your first step should be to do anything and everything possible to speed up your loading time , as this encourages people to stay on your site and helps you to rise in the search engine rankings .
To do this , eliminate pop-up ads , videos that play before your website loads or that play automatically , and resize your images so that they load quickly .
You ’ll also need to get rid of as many redirects as possible .
You should also take a look at your current hosting service and platform : can you do anything to make sure it has enough CPU and can handle all of your traffic without slowing down ?
Also , make sure that your mobile site ’s above - the - fold content loads before everything else — so that users actually have something to read while everything else is loading .
Finally , attempt to lower your overall file size through the use of file compression , and minimize as many CSS files as you can .
Optimize Your Actual Content
So , you can answer the question , “ What is mobile first design ? ”
But you still are n’t quite ready to master it just yet .
To do that , you ’ll need to ensure that you ’ve properly optimized your content for a mobile reader .
Always use images ( small ones ) to break up your text , as well as bullet points and subheadings .
Remember that mobile users are n’t likely to read your content in full .
Instead , they ’re more interested in scanning it .
Make the most important information visible by using lots of whitespace , and aim to break up paragraphs after a maximum of five to six lines .
Above all , make sure that you show a variety of different types of content on your site .
For every blog post , include a video .
For every video , include a photo series .
For every photo series , include a listicle or tutorial .
You get the idea .
Consistently Measure Your Mobile Hits
Finally , as with a desktop website , you should never stop measuring and testing the effectiveness of your mobile website .
It ’s fairly simple to learn how to use the kinds of tools that make increasing mobile hits easier than ever before .
For example , use Google Analytics to figure out how much of your traffic is coming from mobile users , and how long they stay on your site .
Hire web designers with an arsenal of professional tools to keep your mobile uptime is still going strong .
You might even consider using SMS / Text Messaging marketing to connect with mobile customers on a more direct level .
What Is Mobile First Design ?
Now , You Know
Now , you ’re an expert in not only the mobile first definition , but also why it ’s so important regardless of the industry you ’re in or the size of your business in general .
Remember to get rid of unnecessary plugins and other things that slow down your site , focus on keeping content short and sweet , and always continue to test your mobile content .
Looking for additional advice on how you can continually improve your website design .
Still find yourself asking , “ What is mobile first design ? ”
Do n’t worry .
Check out our website for additional in - depth SEO articles , mobile - friendliness design tips , and so much more .
If the FBI believes you have committed a crime — for example , setting up a massive ecstasy laboratory inside an insulated sea / land container near Escondido , California — they have the power to gather " pen register " information on you without a warrant .
This information includes phone numbers dialed , IP addresses of web sites visited , and e-mail addresses contacted .
But can the government collect this information from a person 's PC using spyware and still do so without a warrant ?
That question was raised by the widely - covered Ninth Circuit ruling in US v. Forrester .
The court ruled that the FBI has the right to electronic pen register information like e-mail addresses , but it did not say how the FBI had gathered this information .
That led commentators to wonder if the FBI was using the CIPAV spyware that it has deployed in other recent cases ( in the linked case , a warrant was obtained before CIPAV was used ) to gather this information .
If so , was the court really saying that the Feds could go around implanting spyware on computers with only minimal judicial oversight ?
Apparently not .
The sharp eyes at Wired note that the court has now amended the ruling in the US v. Forrester case to remove this ambiguity .
The brief addition ( PDF ) simply states that the surveillance in question was done the traditional way , at a local ISP office .
In this case , the data was collected using a " mirror port " on a PacBell Internet router in San Diego .
While the court does not come out and say that the FBI does need a warrant before installing CIPAV on a suspect 's computer , the new language certainly suggests that the court is attempting to limit the scope of its initial ruling so that it applies only to more traditional pen register tools .
Is there accurate information about the experiments ?
Which ( note expensive ) technology would you use today ?
I can not find a real used polygraph at ebay .
Do we need a professional 5 - channel ( or more ) polygraph ?
Are there simple devices with the same or better sensitivity ?
I believe such experiments could be used to educate people about the reality of paranormal phenomena ( taboos of quantum physics ) .
On the street ( Backster could do it on the plane ) , in YouTube videos ( is there a successful YouTuber handling paranormal phenomena , not just bad or impossible to understand EVPs ? ) Etc..
For example , I plan online and street activism against sects like CSI ( COP ) , GWUP etc (* ) .
In addition to scientific facts about the reality of a quantum physical beyond (
You " can not " kill little rabbits for such tests .
Decades ago , three little rabbits were taken on a submarine .
The mother remained on land thousands of miles away .
The mother was connected to sensors and observed .
At the same time they killed their children aboard the submarine .
The mother should have shown a clear reaction .
Like the well known story of the dog from Howard Carter after his death ...
We can not reproduce that , but scientists could test it in slaughterhouses on pork and cattle .
Piglets and calves are slaughtered anyway for food .
Another experiment .
Two emotionally connected persons ( e.g. , a mother and her child ) are connected to an EEG .
For example ,
The child wears a pair of glasses with flashing LEDs .
In the mother 's brain , the flashes of light that the distant child sees can be measured .
That would be possible with a little effort also clubs , individuals , etc .
They might try to transfer Morse code or text as binary code .
That would be a spectacular experiment ...
But science ignores such easy - to - reproduce experiments ...
If they still do , they get in trouble from their supervisor / dean ...
Even if they do it in their spare time .
Remember " Jack Parsons " .
He was the first rocket scientist , a pioneer .
Privately , he was an occultist .
Celebrate wild occult parties , perhaps with " sex magic " etc ..
That 's why the science community has been trying to get rid of him .
To remove him from science .
I believe a YouTube channel showing such experiments and facts from the history of science could be relatively successful .
In addition , this person could also seek volunteers for parapsychological experiments .
For example , a repetition of the " Philip experiment " , an attempt to create a " psychogone " ( poltergeist ) :
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Philip_experiment
Or the influence on a person by a group of persons .
As in this attested ( sheriff etc. ) case :
benjaminradford.com/investigations /psychic-detective-interviews/
As target person , the group could choose a radical known debunker on TV .
Is there a " debunker " and possibly a member or sympathizer of " CSI " on US television ?
How do Kaku , Degrasse Tyson , etc. think about paranormal phenomena ?
The world famous physicist Sir Professor dr. Roger Penrose is convinced of the body / soul dualism :
https://www.quantumconsciousness.org
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quantum_mind
He assumes that the consciousness remains after death .
Or Putin ...
With a criminal despot like Putin , you do not have to worry about having " too much success " ( ( ✖╭╮✖ ) ) .
Try to send him headache , vision problems , confusion etc .
But also words or sentences he should pronounce .
For example , " I am a reptilian " ;- D . Or Putin , " I am a criminal ( mafia , financier Bill Browder says Vladimir Putin is worth $ 200 billion , Bezos owns " only " 131 billion dollars ... ) .
The group could and should publicly announce this before .
Strean the sessions as a live stream .
So that no one can claim that these people would only claim they were responsible .
I also see no legal risk .
After the witch burnings , no prosecutor or court will dare to accuse or convict anyone for doing so ...
The perfect crime ...
But the hype , especially in the case of success ( it 's enough to confuse Putin during a public speech ... ) could cause a rethink in the science community and society and the media .
Slowly but surely .
Or the attempt to get a date from the future .
A terrorist attack , or a death anniversary of a celebrity , or a natural disaster etc . .
I know that sounds a bit crazy now .
Crazier than the telepathy experiments etc .
But there are some good reports on accurate foresight , or future information from the hereafter .
For example , an exact day of death of a person .
Or the report of the second near - death experience ( suicide attempt , because her first nde was so good ) of a woman in a documentary .
A voice from the " white tunnel " said to her , she has one more task to fulfill .
She became a dying companion .
Look at this here :
" Ouija by Prof Dr Eckhard Kruse " :
This professor has no doubt that Ouja or similar methods is just an ideomotor phenomenon .
But his results are too good , too many details .
That does not come from the " subconscious mind " .
It would be worth trying to learn data from the future .
What do you have to lose ?
Nothing .
OK , for scientists this is " forbidden " .
This is heresy for the " Scientific Community " .
Professor Eckhard Kruse has the courage to do it .
Even in a " PSI club " ...
Does anyone here believe that Kruse is lying and cheating ?
*)
These people are not " skeptics " ( real skeptics are open - minded , they are ideologically biased ) , these are radical deniers .
They have the power in the science editorial offices of the public - law television and radio ( over $ 9 billion budget per year ) .
In a country with ~ 82.8 million inhabitants ( a quarter of the US population ) , half of the NASA budget .
According to the court ruling , Facebook may not delete comments in this country that are not in violation of the law ( or are spam ) .
Reason , FB has a " state - like monopoly " , and is therefore directly bound to the Constitution ( no censorship ) .
Not just subordinate laws ( civil law , criminal law ... )
Like a public authority .
What does this have to do with science programs on TV and radio ?
These stations also upload their programs to YouTube .
If I absolutely objectively and topic - related not refusing about extraterrestrial visitors or paranormal phenomena with documents ( scientific facts ... ) write , that will be deleted shortly afterwards .
If Facebook can not delete comments because of " state - like monopoly " , then it must not be a public - law institution with more than $ 9 billion a year from compulsory fees .
Every citizen with an apartment / house has to pay $ 19.21 a month .
Once per apartment ( roommate and family members etc. do not pay ) .
For example ,
They claimed that the world famous Belgian UFO photo was a fake because the photographer claimed that .
What a strange " logic " .
First , the " skeptics " claim he 's lying because he says it 's real .
Then they simply swallow his assertion when he says he faked it .
Scientists , experts , forensic scientists ... continue to say that photo is not a fake .
Why ?
Because the photographer explained in detail how he allegedly faked it !
And it was impossible to imitate it !
Exactly the same conditions ( time , weather ... ) , exactly the same camera , exactly the same film type , exactly the same settings of the camera .
In addition , he claimed that he used a " flashlight bulb " .
It was absolutely impossible to take a photo that was similar to the original .
Why did he lie ?
Why not ...!
Maybe he wanted attention again .
At the same time , he was able to distinguish himself ( after the constant allegations of faking the photo ) as someone who deceived experts from NASA , etc. worldwide .
Hello .
Is there accurate information about the experiments ?
Which ( note expensive ) technology would you use today ?
I can not find a real used polygraph at ebayDo we need a professional 5 - channel ( or more ) polygraph ?
Are there simple devices with the same or better sensitivity ?
I believe such experiments could be used to educate people about the reality of paranormal phenomena ( taboos of quantum physics ) .
On the street ( Backster could do it on the plane ) , in YouTube videos ( is there a successful YouTuber handling paranormal phenomena , not just bad or impossible to understand EVPs ? ) Etc..
For example , I plan online and street activism against sects like CSI ( COP ) , GWUP etc (*) .
In addition to scientific facts about the reality of a quantum physical beyond ( https://translate.google.com/translate?hl=en&sl=en&tl=en&u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.vtf... ) and rebirth ( https : //at.virginia.edu/2lHExAK / https://at.virginia.edu/2lHExAK ) , these would be such experiments for videos and the street .
You " can not " kill little rabbits for such tests .
Decades ago , three little rabbits were taken on a submarine .
The mother remained on land thousands of miles away .
The mother was connected to sensors and observed .
At the same time they killed their children aboard the submarine .
The mother should have shown a clear reaction .
Like the well known story of the dog from Howard Carter after his death ... We can not reproduce that , but scientists could test it in slaughterhouses on pork and cattle .
Piglets and calves are slaughtered anyway for food .
Another experiment .
Two emotionally connected persons ( e.g. , a mother and her child ) are connected to an EEG .
For example , The child wears a pair of glasses with flashing LEDs .
In the mother 's brain , the flashes of light that the distant child sees can be measured .
That would be possible with a little effort also clubs , individuals , etc .
They might try to transfer Morse code or text as binary code .
That would be a spectacular experiment ... But science ignores such easy - to - reproduce experiments ...
If they still do , they get in trouble from their supervisor / dean ... Even if they do it in their spare time .
Remember " Jack Parsons " .
He was the first rocket scientist , a pioneer .
Privately , he was an occultist .
Celebrate wild occult parties , perhaps with " sex magic " etc .. That 's why the science community has been trying to get rid of him .
To remove him from science .
I believe a YouTube channel showing such experiments and facts from the history of science could be relatively successful .
In addition , this person could also seek volunteers for parapsychological experiments .
For example , a repetition of the " Philip experiment " , an attempt to create a " psychogone " ( poltergeist ) :
Or the influence on a person by a group of persons .
As in this attested ( sheriff etc. ) case : benjaminradford.com/investigations / psychic -detective - interviews /As target person , the group could choose a radical known debunker on TV .
Is there a " debunker " and possibly a member or sympathizer of " CSI " on US television ?
How do Kaku , Degrasse Tyson , etc. think about paranormal phenomena ?
The world famous physicist Sir Professor dr. Roger Penrose is convinced of the body / soul dualism :
He assumes that the consciousness remains after death .
Or Putin ...
With a criminal despot like Putin , you do not have to worry about having " too much success " ( ( ✖╭╮✖ ) ) .
Try to send him headache , vision problems , confusion etc .
But also words or sentences he should pronounce .
For example , " I am a reptilian " ;- D . Or Putin , " I am a criminal ( mafia , financier Bill Browder says Vladimir Putin is worth $ 200 billion , Bezos owns " only " 131 billion dollars ... ) .
The group could and should publicly announce this before .
Strean the sessions as a live stream .
So that no one can claim that these people would only claim they were responsible .
I also see no legal risk .
After the witch burnings , no prosecutor or court will dare to accuse or convict anyone for doing so ... The perfect crime ...
But the hype , especially in the case of success ( it 's enough to confuse Putin during a public speech ... ) could cause a rethink in the science community and society and the media .
Slowly but surely .
Or the attempt to get a date from the future .
A terrorist attack , or a death anniversary of a celebrity , or a natural disaster etc ..
I know that sounds a bit crazy now .
Crazier than the telepathy experiments etc .
But there are some good reports on accurate foresight , or future information from the hereafter .
For example , an exact day of death of a person .
Or the report of the second near - death experience ( suicide attempt , because her first nde was so good ) of a woman in a documentary .
A voice from the " white tunnel " said to her , she has one more task to fulfill .
She became a dying companion .
Look at this here : " Ouija by Prof Dr Eckhard Kruse " : https://translate.google.com/translate?hl=de&sl=de&tl=en&u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.bpv...
This professor has no doubt that Ouja or similar methods is just an ideomotor phenomenon .
But his results are too good , too many details .
That does not come from the " subconscious mind " .
It would be worth trying to learn data from the future .
What do you have to lose ?
Nothing .
OK , for scientists this is " forbidden " .
This is heresy for the " Scientific Community " .
Professor Eckhard Kruse has the courage to do it .
Even in a " PSI club " ... Does anyone here believe that Kruse is lying and cheating ? *)
WASHINGTON , Sept. 9 — Private insurance companies participating in Medicare have been allowed to keep tens of millions of dollars that should have gone to consumers , and the Bush administration did not properly audit the companies or try to recover money paid in error , Congressional investigators say in a new report .
The investigators , from the Government Accountability Office , said the money could have been used to reduce premiums or provide additional benefits to older Americans .
Under federal law , Medicare officials are supposed to audit the financial records of at least one - third of the insurance companies each year .
But the investigators said the Bush administration had fallen far short of that goal and had never met the “ statutory requirement . ”
Indeed , they said , the proportion of companies audited by Medicare declined steadily — to 14 percent in 2006 from 24 percent in 2001 — despite a steady growth in Medicare payments to the plans .
Those payments now total $ 75 billion a year , about one - fifth of all Medicare spending .
Crowdsourcing Law Enforcement
from the first - 10 - callers - to - identify - this - fugitive ...
dept
In a move that seems calculated to evoke the film adaptation of 1984 , the FBI has announced a plan to begin using some 150 Clear Channel digital billboards in major American cities to show national security alerts , information about recent crimes , and photographs of fugitive criminals and missing persons , all with real - time updates .
A pilot billboard in Philadelphia has already helped to capture several wanted criminals , and a spokesman for the outdoor advertising industry suggests that these kinds of publicity tactics can be as useful at demoralizing criminals as they are at generating tips :
" What law enforcement tells us is it contributes to an environment where the criminal feels they have no where to go .
A lot of times they end up just giving up . "
In a way , the surprising thing is that law enforcement officials had n't previously taken such visible steps to make use of the distributed eyes and ears of ordinary citizens .
The problem , of course , is that publicity can also generate lots of time - consuming false leads .
An advertisement currently ubiquitous on New York subways applauds the thousands of New Yorkers who phoned in reports of suspicious packages in the past year .
But since we have n't heard reports of thousands of bombs recovered on the A train , it seems safe to surmise that the noise - to - signal ratio on such tips is quite high .
As for national security alerts , our experience with color - coded national security warnings , and the attendant spectacle of panicked citizens mobbing Home Depot for plastic sheeting and duct tape , suggest that the Bureau might be well advised to exercise a bit of circumspection about those real - time updates .
Thank you for reading this Techdirt post .
With so many things competing for everyone ’s attention these days , we really appreciate you giving us your time .
We work hard every day to put quality content out there for our community .
Techdirt is one of the few remaining truly independent media outlets .
We do not have a giant corporation behind us , and we rely heavily on our community to support us , in an age when advertisers are increasingly uninterested in sponsoring small , independent sites — especially a site like ours that is unwilling to pull punches in its reporting and analysis .
While other websites have resorted to paywalls , registration requirements , and increasingly annoying / intrusive advertising , we have always kept Techdirt open and available to anyone .
But in order to continue doing so , we need your support .
We offer a variety of ways for our readers to support us , from direct donations to special subscriptions and cool merchandise — and every little bit helps .
Thank you .
– The Techdirt Team
Filed Under : billboards , criminals , crowdsourcing , fbi
Where Did They Go ?
Dimensions : 5 x 2.75 inches ( 24 - pages ) .
Dimensions : 5 x 2.75 inches ( 24 - pages ) .
Description : Bible prophecy .
The devil is worried , because he knows something is up !
What could it be ?
When Wharton County , Texas citizen Jim Welch voted last Tuesday , he watched in disbelief as the voting machine changed the vote he 'd entered a few moments earlier .
The machine was an ES&S iVotronic touch - screen , the same model recently subjected to a blistering Dan Rather investigative report , but what Welch witnessed does not seem explainable as a manufacturing defect or screen calibration problem like those exposed in Rather 's report .
The case has earmarks that may indicate election fraud .
" Vote - flipping " on touch - screens has been documented before .
Manufacturers claim votes show up for a different choice than that chosen by the voter sometimes , explaining that this is due to miscalibration of the computer 's touch - screen .
Miscalibration somehow never seems to happen when you use the airport touchscreens , hopping to " 2 " bags when you press " 1 " bag , but according to voting machine vendors it is not uncommon when casting votes .
A touch on one part of the machine can register on a different part of the machine due to screen miscalibrations , but this does n't seem to explain what Welch saw .
What Welch witnessed was votes that registered CORRECTLY when he touched the screen , switching later to a different vote choice , when he was almost finished voting the full page .
Welch was stunned to see a correctly marked vote take on a life of its own , hopping over to a different spot while he voted on other items .
He called an elections worker over to show him the problem .
The elections worker helped him re-vote the ballot , and both men watched as the vote registered correctly , but later spontaneously altered to shift to another ballot choice .
What is especially interesting about this report is this :
The iVotronic voting machines display sets of ballot questions on several different screens , called " pages . "
If a voting machine alters the vote after a voter has progressed to a later page , the voter wo n't witness the movement of the vote from one selection to another .
What Welch saw was not a screen calibration problem because it registered on the screen correctly .
It was not " voter error " because he literally watched the vote re-write itself to another selection , not once , but twice .
The election worker called the Wharton County elections office .
Welch was astute enough to see that the suggested solution was not responsive to the real issue :
" You may continue on with this ballot if you like , " said the elections worker after conferring with Wharton County elections personnel , " Or I can void this and you can start over . "
This is a machine that had already demonstrated it can't be trusted .
This is a machine that would fail the much - touted " Logic & Accuracy " testing purported to prove voting machines do n't cheat .
This is a machine that would not have passed certification tests had it performed this way for the test labs .
This is a machine that has no business counting votes at all .
And because the iVotronic voting systems are centrally programmed , and the programming defines how the machine counts its votes , this is a machine that has single - handedly cast doubt on every other iVotronic voting machine in Wharton County .
Jim Welch spoke with Wharton County Clerk Judy
Owens about the matter , and she provided answers that were even more unrelated to the problem :
" You can go back and check your vote before casting it , " she pointed out , referring to the voter 's ability to page back one by one to review each panel .
But if the machine can alter a vote - especially if the timing is such that this happens after you have moved to a new page - what good will that do ?
" We can print each vote out , " she said , but Welch astutely questioned how and when votes can be printed , They are n't printed at the same time as the voter votes , and the printouts simply re-create what the computer program records , so what good is that ?
Next Page 1 | 2 ( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
Bev Harris Social Media Pages :
Bev Harris is executive director of Black Box Voting , Inc. an advocacy group committed to restoring citizen oversight to elections .
The views expressed herein are the sole responsibility of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of this website or its editors .
OpEdNews depends upon can't survive without your help .
If you value this article and the work of OpEdNews , please either Donate or Purchase a premium membership .
About !
This Atari 2600 Label Maker produces authentic looking Atari 2600 Labels including the famous " Picture Label " using your own image and title .
The " Picture Label " is the most common Atari 2600 label and features a large image on a black background .
The game title is always in upper case but varies in color .
An Atari logo along with the games CX model number is placed on the image .
( Fortune Magazine ) --
There will be lots of celebrating in Washington next month when the Treasury announces that the federal budget deficit for fiscal 2007 , which ends September 30 , will have dropped to a mere $ 158 billion , give or take a few bucks .
That will be $ 90 billion below the reported 2006 deficit and will be toasted by the White House and Treasury as a great accomplishment .
Bush :
Are the numbers going his way ?
The happy news that the budget deficit has fallen by $ 90 billion may produce unhappy long - term political results .
More from Fortune Will Mmmhops be a hit ?
NBA confirms L.A. Clippers sale to ex-Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer
FBI and SEC probe into Carl Icahn and golfer Phil Mickelson
The numbers Here 's how I come up with my budget numbers , based on the Congressional Budget Office 's August 2007 update , which you can find at cbo.gov .
Summary Table 1 of the introduction shows a projected total deficit of $ 158 billion for 2007 , compared with $ 248 billion for 2006 .
Table 1 - 1 , on page 2 of the report , shows a $ 186 billion surplus for Social Security .
Table 1 - 7 , p. 16 , shows $ 108 billion of interest paid to the SS trust fund ; hence , the SS cash surplus is $ 78 billion ( 186 minus 108 ) .
Also in Table 1 - 7 , Treasury debt held by " other government accounts " is projected to be $ 1.725 trillion , up $ 97 billion from $ 1.628 in 2006 .
There 's another $ 7 billion of " real " deficit that I can't account for , because these numbers total $ 441 billion and Table 1 - 7 shows an increase in " gross federal debt " of $ 448 billion for 2007 .
Let 's just call it a rounding error .
But I have a nasty little secret for you , folks .
If you use realistic numbers rather than what I call WAAP - Washington Accepted Accounting Principles - the real federal deficit for the current fiscal year is more than 2 - 1/ 2 times the stated deficit .
Why am I inflicting this information on you ?
Because there 's been so much joyous noise about the budget emanating from Washington , despite the subprime mess and market meltdowns ( which do n't bode particularly well for future tax collections ) , that my natural contrarianism makes me feel like bombing the buzz machine .
In addition , so many investors ( and speculators ) are fleeing to the supposed safe haven of Treasury securities lately that it's a good time to take a look at what 's really going on with the federal budget .
If a publicly traded corporation tried keeping books the WAAP way rather than the GAAP ( Generally Accepted Accounting Principles ) way , its auditors would be on the phone to the SEC before you could say " Sarbanes - Oxley . "
But this is the federal government , which operates its unique budget accounting system , regardless of which party 's running the show .
Making the deficit look smaller than it really is helps those in power , be it today 's borrow - and - spend crew or yesteryear 's tax - and - spenders .
Let me show you how this works , using numbers from the recent update issued by the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office .
( I 'm giving you the simplified version to keep your eyes from glazing over .
You can find the detailed version in " The numbers " on the right . )
We 'll start with Social Security , which will take in about $ 78 billion more in payroll and income taxes than it shells out .
The Treasury takes that cash , gives the trust fund IOUs for it , and spends it .
That $ 78 billion is n't in the stated deficit .
Wait , there 's more .
The Treasury will fork over $ 108 billion of interest on the trust fund 's $ 2.2 trillion of Treasurys - but will give the trust fund IOUs , not cash .
They wo n't count in the deficit either .
Add that $ 186 billion to the stated budget deficit , and it more than doubles , to $ 344 billion .
The stated deficit , you see , measures how much less cash Uncle Sam takes in than he spends .
That 's fine for gauging the deficit's impact on the economy , which is what budget experts generally do .
But if you 're trying to assess Uncle Sam 's overall fiscal condition , as I am , you should count those IOUs in the deficit because they have to be paid someday .
Now , let 's move on .
We end up with a total deficit of more than $ 400 billion by undoing another piece of WAAP ledger - demain : the $ 97 billion increase in Treasury securities held by " other government accounts , " such as federal employee pension funds .
Thanks to the magic of Washington math , that does n't increase the deficit , even though it increases the government 's overall debt .
Do n't you wish you could keep books this way at home ?
I worry that the happy news may produce unhappy long - term results by making politicians even less inclined than usual to inflict pain on voters by raising taxes or trimming future benefits to keep entitlements from overwhelming the public fisc .
Budget office Director Peter Orszag warns that at their current growth rate , Medicare and Medicaid will devour 20 percent of our gross domestic product in 2050 - more than today 's entire federal budget .
Yech !
So even though the deficit 's smaller than it was and financial markets ( for now ) love Treasury securities , do n't take next month 's budget numbers at face value .
If you do , you 're setting yourself up to be WAAPed .
Home » Industry Watch » The Technological JerryLeeCooper Because you 're stupid .
You are kidding arent you ?
Are you saying that this linux can run on a computer without windows underneath it , at all ?
As in , without a boot disk , without any drivers , and without any services ?
That sounds preposterous to me .
If it were true ( and I doubt it ) , then companies would be selling computers without a windows .
This clearly is not happening , so there must be some error in your calculations .
I hope you realise that windows is more than just Office ?
Its a whole system that runs the computer from start to finish , and that is a very difficult thing to acheive .
A lot of people dont realise this .
Microsoft just spent $ 9 billion and many years to create Vista , so it does not sound reasonable that some new alternative could just snap into existence overnight like that .
It would take billions of dollars and a massive effort to achieve .
IBM tried , and spent a huge amount of money developing OS / 2 but could never keep up with Windows .
Apple tried to create their own system for years , but finally gave up recently and moved to Intel and Microsoft .
Its just not possible that a freeware like the Linux could be extended to the point where it runs the entire computer fron start to finish , without using some of the more critical parts of windows .
Not possible .
I think you need to re-examine your assumptions .
It wont happen I dont see how this will happen at all .
Vista is far more powerful than windows XP , and runs twice as fast .
It is also much harder to pirate , and this point more than anything else has the Linux crowd in a panic .
It wont be long until Windows XP is no longer supported , and when that happens , what is Linux going to do ?
Linux will have to find a way to work under Vista from here on , since it wont be able to rely on XP being readily available anymore .
Linux may seem like a good alternative to Office , but all that is happening in linux is that the windows interface is cleverly hidden away .
It still needs the drivers and software services in order to run , and in most cases - that happens WITHOUT a valid windows licence .
This is just plain piracy .
Vista will finally put an end to this blatant abuse of intellectual property , and linux should decline , taking the pirates with it .
Anyone that supports the continuation of Windows XP in place of Vista surely has a hidden agenda .. and you will surely be caught out .
Vista is the Future Its clearly evident that vista is the future .
One only has to watch TV for a short period of time and see the advertising .
WOW !!
I personally love the part where the young man is taking a stroll in the delightful snow covered streets , and sees firsthand a young deer with a gleefull glint in its eye .
It sends a shiver down my spine .
WOW is all I can say .
Vista is clearly the future of enterprise computing .
that wont work without THEFT of intellectual property Linux looks very interesting , even if some of the screen colours and menu options appear to be a little out of the ordinary .
But you are missing a vital point , a point which takes some experience and depth of knowledge in the field of computers .
You see , when a computer boots up , it needs to load various drivers and then load various services .
This happens long before the operating system and other applications are available .
Linux is a marvellous operating system in its own right , and even comes in several different flavours .
However , as good as these flavours are , they first need Microsoft Windows to load the services prior to use .
In Linux , the open office might be the default for editing your wordfiles , and you might prefer ubuntu brown over the grassy knoll of the windows desktop , but mark my words young man - without the windows drivers sitting below the visible surface , allowing the linus to talk to the hardware , it is without worth .
And so , by choosing your linux as an alternative to windows on the desktop , you still need a windows licence to run this operating system through the windows drivers to talk to the hardware .
Linux is only a code , it cannot perform the low level function .
My point being , young man , that unless you intend to pirate and steal the Windows drivers and services , how is using the linux going to save money ?
Well ?
It seems that no linux fan can ever provide a straight answer to that question !
May as well just stay legal , run the Windows drivers , and run Office on the desktop instead of the linus .
See Also
The Technological : JerryLeeCooper
The Technological : The Return of JerryLeeCooper
The Technological : The Bride of Son of JerryLeeCooper
The Technological : The Dog of Bride of Son of JerryLeeCooper
The Technological : The Rat of Cat of Dog of Bride of Son of JerryLeeCooper
A CLASSIC Sesame Street animated short instructs that the letter Q “ looks like a funny looking thing . ”
QVC , the leading home shopping channel , is making a bid to rebrand the often - overlooked letter , betting that it can make the sight of the letter Q elicit not a laugh nor an immediate search for a U , but a feeling of delicious anticipation .
“ We ’d really like to own the 17th letter of the alphabet , ” said Jeff Charney , the chief marketing officer for QVC , which is based in West Chester , Pa .
The company , part of Liberty Media , began a teaser campaign on Sept. 4 that relies on a Q - based mystery .
Billboards in New York , Los Angeles and Philadelphia ask the question : iQdoU ?
This weekend , the riddle will be solved .
The billboards will reveal a Q - heavy QVC logo , supplemented by full - page ads in every section of The Philadelphia Inquirer and a 30 - second television spot .
The spot will run on the Fox News Channel and some broadcast network daytime shows , including “ The Price Is Right ” in October during the week the new host , Drew Carey , makes his debut .
Mr. Charney said the target audience — women 35 and older , with household income of more than $ 50,000 — watches Fox , not MSNBC or CNN .
The television ad features QVC on - air personalities , customers and product designers uttering variations on the sentence “ I Q. ”
One of the faces is Whoopi Goldberg , who will be hawking her own line of linens on the network next year .
Another face is Carson Kressley of “ Queer Eye for the Straight Guy ” ( note the first letter in the name of the show ) , who designs a signature clothing line for QVC .
He delivers the spot ’s last word , “ Merci Beau Q ”
The new logo is only part of the network ’s face - lift .
Other components are a redesigned Web site , new on - air graphics , more colorful shipping boxes and an overhaul of the monthly magazine QVC Insider .
The new logo — the fourth in the company ’s 21 - year history , and the first new one in 14 years — shows a thick Q meant to look as if it were made of the type of ribbon used in gift - wrapping .
The company is aiming to highlight the pleasant experience of the package ’s arrival .
“ The essence of the brand is the feeling you get when you open the package , ” Mr. Charney said .
The strategy is novel , given that QVC ’s greatest weakness may be that it cannot deliver the instant gratification of a bricks - and - mortar store , said Geordie McClelland , director of strategy at Straightline International , a branding agency .
Roughly 80 percent of QVC ’s sales come from its on - air presentations and 20 percent from the Internet .
There are other big challenges , not just for QVC , but for the television - shopping industry .
IDEO , a design and innovation consultancy , conducted market research for QVC and found that avid customers described the company as “ relevant , innovative , genuine and fun , ” a step up from the original QVC acronym , “ Quality , Value , Convenience . ”
But most of those who have never ordered continue to think of QVC as no different from hard - sell infomercials .
QVC ’s nearest competitor , HSN , formerly known as the Home Shopping Network , is well aware of this negative perception .
It introduced a rebranding campaign this year , pegged to its 30th anniversary , adding nicer graphics and higher - end merchandise .
HSN also sought to take the edge off its sales tactics , adopting a more conversational on - air approach that it calls “ Shopping with your girlfriend . ”
Hosts were encouraged to soften their makeup and update their hair styles .
“ It appears that QVC is responding to the massive , all - encompassing , rebranding initiative that has been under way here at HSN since the beginning of the year , ” said Brad C. Bohnert , an HSN spokesman .
Because QVC is available in 166 million homes worldwide 24 hours a day , the company has in the past spent little on television advertising .
At any given time , for every person watching who makes a purchase , there are 100 to 150 watching who do not , making for a lot of potential new customers , said Michael George , QVC ’s chief executive .
QVC declined to say how much it was spending on the campaign .
According to TNS Media Intelligence , in the first half of this year , QVC spent about $ 5.2 million on advertising , $ 4.4 million of that in magazines and most of the rest on the Web .
QVC ’s campaign to place the letter Q at the center of its consciousness began in June 2006 with an internal effort called Qforce .
Each of the company ’s 13,000 United States employees was given a QVC T - shirt and told that the person who could get the most spectacular product placement for the shirt would win $ 10,000 .
There were some impressive gets .
Peter Fey , a writer / producer at QVC , persuaded his sister Tina Fey , the comedian , to show the shirt during a guest appearance on “ The Tonight Show With Jay Leno . ”
Another employee wearing the shirt had her photo taken next to Donovan McNabb , the quarterback of the Philadelphia Eagles , and the photo appeared prominently on the team ’s Web site .
The winner was Bern Gallagher , a broadcast engineer who organized a belly flop competition in West Chester for an autism charity in which contestants wore the shirts .
The local Fox affiliate covered the contest live .
QVC has not purchased the rights to the Broadway show “ Avenue Q , ” but at the unveiling of its logo to employees Wednesday in West Chester , a house band called Q Man Group ( with special guest Motley Q ) performed rock songs .
QVC also turned to its advertising department of 20 people to develop the new logo and the campaign .
They market - tested 146 different logos .
IDEO ’s market research confirmed what the shopping network ’s employees had known for a while , that devoted customers were calling the network “ the Q . ”
“ You ’ll go to dinner parties and mention you work at QVC , ” Mr. George said , “ and all of a sudden you ’ll hear everybody talking about what they got on QVC , the jewelry they ’re wearing , the pot they ’re cooking with , and a lot of people talking about how they ‘ Q. ’ ”
Despite that head start , gaining cultural ownership of a letter is not an easy task .
During a meeting with Mr. Charney and Kathleen Kirsch , a QVC spokeswoman , Ms. Kirsch was trying to describe the Q strategy .
“ When you give someone an M , they think of McDonald ’s , ” she said .
“ When you give them a G , they think of — what is it , Georgia ? ”
She turned to Mr. Charney for a response .
“ Or Green Bay Packers , ” he answered .
It can be confusing .
[ Via The New York Time ]
Four Cool Things You Can Get Free From Online Sweepstakes
Is Hef really having a better time at the Playboy Mansion than you are at home ?
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
CONTACT : media@aclu.org
NEW YORK - The American Civil Liberties Union today condemned recent comments of Director of National Intelligence , Mike McConnell , regarding the administration 's warrantless surveillance activities under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act ( FISA ) .
The comments , made to the El Paso Times , continue a pattern under which government officials strategically and selectively disclose classified information in order to advance the administration 's legislative agenda or broader political goals .
Since McConnell 's comments included specific references to previously classified court rulings from the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court ( FISC ) , the ACLU also renewed its call for the release of those orders and legal opinions .
" This administration has a history of selectively releasing classified information in order to further its political goals , and it 's difficult not to see Mr. McConnell 's disclosures in this context , " said Jameel Jaffer , the Director of the ACLU 's National Security Project .
" If this ostensibly sensitive information can be released now , why could it not be released two months ago , when the public and Congress desperately needed it ?
And what classified information will the administration be willing to release tomorrow if the political winds shift again ? "
The ACLU noted that McConnell 's disclosures relate to court orders that have been withheld in their entirety from the public .
Earlier this month , the ACLU filed a motion with the FISC asking it to release the orders and legal opinions that , according to administration officials , necessitated the recent expansion of FISA .
Last week , the FISC ordered the government to respond to the ACLU 's motion by August 31 .
" In a debate about whether the administration 's surveillance powers should be expanded , the administration is not a disinterested party and its disclosures may be selective , incomplete , and self - serving , " said Jaffer .
" If the FISC 's rulings can be made public without jeopardizing national security , they should be made public immediately . "
McConnell told the El Paso Times that a May 31 FISC ruling required the government to get court warrants to monitor communications between people overseas if the conversation travels through a U.S. network .
That ruling apparently played a large role in the recently passed legislation , but the legislation went far beyond addressing that particular concern .
In addition , McConnell talked about the length of time it takes to assemble FISA warrants and the number of people in the U.S. monitored under FISA warrants , and he confirmed that private telecom companies assisted in the administration 's warrantless surveillance program .
There are currently several lawsuits pending against those companies for such participation , but the government has claimed the lawsuits should not proceed due to " state secrets " concerns .
McConnell reiterated his determination to lobby Congress as early as September to provide complete immunity for the telecom companies as well as to expand the administration 's domestic spying authority even further .
In addition , just this week , the administration missed the second deadline for responding to congressional subpoenas requesting information about the government 's spying program .
" It is outrageous that this administration has failed to turn over information critical to Congress and the public about its surveillance program while the National Intelligence Director is out giving interviews in which he reveals only what he wants to , when he wants to , and in the context he wants to , at his own discretion and accountable to no one , " said Caroline Fredrickson , Legal Director of the ACLU Washington Legislative Office .
" It is more vital than ever now , with incomplete and potentially slanted information out there , that Congress continue to relentlessly pursue these subpoenas .
This selective declassification for political gain is unacceptable - it was appalling enough when Majority Leader Boehner went on TV with partial declassified information about the FISC decisions , but then for the supposedly non-partisan National Intelligence Director to do so is beyond the pale . "
The ACLU also said that it was entirely inappropriate for McConnell to play the large role that he did in lobbying members of Congress to pass the recent legislation , threatening them that a possible future terrorist attack would be on their hands if they failed to do so .
" Many Democrats were assuredly under the incorrect assumption that the National Intelligence Director was a non-partisan figure providing unbiased information , " said Fredrickson .
" His recent behavior certainly makes one wonder . "
Vanessa Hudgens and Ashley Tisdale Give McDonalds Employee Her 15 Minutes of Fame
andwere out for some chicken Mcnuggets at a Los Angeles McDonalds drive - thru on Saturday .
The McDonalds employee at the window was very excited to get her 15 minutes of fame ( okay , more like 4 minutes ) , exclaiming " Put me on TMZ ! "
The employee was disappointed when she learned the big stars she was about to serve were Hudgens and Tisdale .
" Oh God , I thought it was somebody like Britney , " she says dismissively .
" Was n't she butt naked somewhere ? " she asks about Vanessa .
She then tells Ashley she bought her backpack for her daughter for Christmas , just after referring to her as " whoever she is . "
The McDonalds employee definitely upstages the giggly teenagers and takes full advantage of her one shot at fame .
View video below .
At least he 's got a fun career as an internet porn star to fall back on .
In a decision handed down last week , the US Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit determined that an Arizona police department did not violate one of its officer 's civil rights when it fired him after discovering that he ran and participated in a porn site with his wife .
The officer , Roger Dible , and his wife , Megan , ran a website that provided photographs depicting Megan Dible - under the pseudonym " Katelynn " - in sexual poses and having sex with her husband , other women and " inanimate objects " .
The Dibles started the website in late 2000 after entering into an agreement with CDM Networks to operate the site .
Dible never notified his superiors at the Chandler Police Department of his extracurricular activities , although he did apparently tell a fellow officer about it , and even convinced the other officer to start a website of his own .
Not surprisingly , rumors about the site began to fly around the department , and eventually made their way to the ears of department officials .
They began an investigation and questioned Dible about the site .
He initially attempted to mislead the investigators , but they soon discovered his involvement with the site and placed him on administrative leave .
Porn whore
Soon , the press also got wind of the site and began running reports identifying Dible as a local police officer and detailing his activities related to the site .
After the segments aired , Chandler police officers began to report low morale amid taunts from civilians .
One female officer even reported that a suspect called her a " porn whore " .
Needless to say , Dible was fired shortly after the reports hit the news .
He and his wife then filed this lawsuit , alleging that the department violated their First Amendment right to freedom of speech .
The district court granted summary judgment for the department , and the Dibles appealed .
After reviewing the case , the Ninth Circuit again decided for the department .
The court held , in a paraphrase of Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes , that while Dible may have the Constitutional right to operate the porn site , he does not have the Constitutional right to employment as a police officer while doing it .
Government employees do n't give up their Constitutional right to free speech simply by virtue of becoming public employees .
When a government employee is sanctioned because of his speech activities , two potential analyses come into play , depending on whether the speech was related to the employment or not .
The Ninth Circuit , not wanting to determine the difficult question of whether the porn site was related to Dible 's employment as a police officer , went through both analyses .
In the case of related speech , a government employee is entitled to a balancing test weighing the rights of the employee against the government 's interest in providing efficient government services .
For related speech , this test only comes into play when the subject of the speech touches on a matter of public concern , however .
Here , the Ninth Circuit panel determined that running a porn site for fun and profit did not constitute a matter of public concern .
Because of that , the court had no need to balance the interests of the parties - no public concern , no constitutional violation .
The members of the Ninth Circuit panel divided over the next analysis , though .
The second analysis concerns speech that is unrelated to government employment , and also involves a balancing test between the speech involved and the government 's interest in providing services .
Heckler 's veto
The majority held that the government had a strong interest in providing an effective police force , and that the Dibles ' speech did n't have much weight to counter that interest since running a porn site does n't quite deserve the same force in the analysis as , say , engaging in a political debate or writing articles on environmental policy .
Since Dible 's activities , according to the court , had undermined the respect that the public held for the department and emboldened individuals to openly mock officers , Dible 's speech had adversely affected the mission of the police department and the department was justified in canning him based on the porn site .
A concurring judge disagreed with this analysis , arguing that the court 's reasoning allowed for government suppression of speech based on a " heckler 's veto " .
That is , by basing its decision on the reactions of the public , the court had approved of censorship simply because members of the public disagreed with the content of the speech .
The concurring judge still agreed with the outcome of the case , however , finding it appropriate to fire Dible based on his lies to investigators , regardless of the contents of his website .
So whichever way the analyses went , the Dibles were still gonna get screwed . ®
Do We Know What Makes Us Happy ?
Happiness is all about everyday , normal activities , psychologists have argued , but do we intuitively understand what strategies increase happiness or not ?
To find out if students knew , Tkach and Lyubomirsky ( 2006 ) asked 500 undergraduates about the strategies they used to increase their happiness .
Below are the strategies students reported using , starting with the most frequently used , down to the least .
Also , for each strategy Tkach and Lyubomirsky looked at the relationship between its use and students ’ reported levels of happiness to see if those who used a particular strategy were actually happier .
Keep in mind that this is a correlational study .
That means it can only tell us that two things – like having a social life and happiness – are related , not that one definitely causes the other .
That said , there are other studies which do provide evidence of causality in some categories .
1 . A social life
Social affiliation – hanging around with friends , helping others – was the most frequently reported method of increasing happiness .
It also had the strongest relationship with student ’s actual happiness .
No surprises here .
Experiments manipulating people ’s social activity have found that when increased it leads to more happiness .
It ’s gratifying to see that the number 1 , most frequently used strategy probably does work !
2. Acting happy
Direct strategies like ‘ acting happy ’ and ‘ smiling ’ were the second most popular .
While there is some experimental evidence to back this one up , Tkach and Lyubomirsky are cautious .
I ’d be cautious as well .
‘ Acting happy ’ might be useful as a short - term strategy but I ’m not so sure about its useful in the long - term .
3 . Achieving long - term goals
The students were pretty keen on setting themselves long - term goals for personal achievement , and then sticking to them .
This was a relatively popular strategy for increasing happiness and there are also a good few studies to back up this finding .
Well done to the students !
4. Passive leisure pursuits
Here ’s the first bad boy .
Passive leisure , like watching TV or playing video games , while relatively popular , showed no connection with happiness .
Experimental studies back this up finding few benefits for happiness from passive leisure activities .
So , once again , it ’s time to chuck out the the idiot box and the Xbox .
5 . Active leisure pursuits
No question about this one .
It ’s very well established that active leisure pursuits like running or cycling increase happiness .
What ’s worrying is that these pursuits come lower down the list than passive leisure pursuits .
6. Religion
This was a relatively unpopular strategy for increasing happiness , although it is reasonably well - established that religion and being happy go together .
Tkach and Lyubomirsky suggest the reason for this connection could be to do with social connectedness , having a sense of purpose in life or even reduced alcohol consumption .
7. Partying and clubbing
Perhaps surprisingly amongst university students this was relatively unpopular as a happiness - enhancing activity .
It ’s just as well since those who partied more were n’t any happier , once their extraversion was taken into account .
8. Mental control
This is the second bad boy .
It centres around thinking bad thoughts : both contemplating them and trying to suppress them .
This category was significantly associated with being unhappy .
Indeed , previous research has found that both ruminating on negative thoughts and trying to suppress negative thoughts leads to unhappiness .
A ( mostly ) positive message
This last category of mental control really stands out : what on earth is it doing on a list of strategies to increase happiness ?
Statistically it was the strongest predictor of unhappiness .
This suggests that a significant minority of people have exactly the wrong idea about what strategies increase happiness .
Passive leisure pursuits is the other category that stands out .
All the other categories in the top 6 have at least some connection with happiness .
This one has none and yet there it is at number 4 in the list .
The positive message is that generally the strategies that people use to increase their happiness do actually work .
We ’re relying on self - reports here , so people could well be misrepresenting what they actually do – but at least they mostly know what they ’re supposed to be doing .
References
Tkach , C. , & Lyubomirsky , S. ( 2006 ) .
How Do People Pursue Happiness ? : Relating Personality , Happiness - Increasing Strategies , and Well - Being .
Journal of Happiness Studies , 7 ( 2 ) , 183-225 .
Missing Kansas College Student Emily Sander Thought to be Porn Star Zoey Zane ( Video and Photos )
UPDATE :
Body of Emily Sander aka Porn Star ' Zoey Zane ' Found
Emily Sander , missing 18 year old college student from El Dorado , Kansas is believed to be the victim of foul play .
Her friends have shared a secret with investigators .
It seems the young woman was leading a double life as internet porn star Zoey Zane .
Sanders is seen in the upper left hand corner of the picture above .
The suspect is seen in the lower right corner .
Several of her friends at Butler Community College said that it was a closely guarded secret , only known to her closest friends .
They claim she enjoyed being captured on camera .
Police are aware of the Zoey Zane website but have not said whether that has anything to do with Emily Sander disappearance .
Sander informed her parents on Thanksgiving that she had signed a contract to do pornographic film work on the website .
Her boyfriend reportedly broke up with her over the news .
The college student was last seen leaving a bar on Friday night in El Dorado , about 30 miles from Wichita .
She was said to have left with a 24 year old male .
The man , Israel Mireles has disappeared - along with his 16 year old girl friend .
A rental car he had been driving turned up empty in Texas .
A nationwide manhunt is underway for the pair , according to police investigator Chad Young .
Police are also looking for the bedspread shown in the picture above .
It is missing from the hotel room Mireles and his girl friend were staying in before they disappeared .
View photos from the Zoey Zane website and an AP video of police investigation below .
These are the tame photos from the Zoey Zane website .
Zoey Zane is dressed as the tin girl .
Click each picture for a better view .
It could be the plot of an uplifting movie starring , say , Tom Hanks .
The fortunes of a man from a privileged background take a sharp downward turn when he loses a high - powered corporate position and destroys his marriage in middle age .
Unemployed and unhappy , he has a chance encounter with a young black manager at a coffee bar and a job offer follows .
The result ?
Our hero , now in his 60s , finds happiness while toiling at a Starbucks with people far younger than himself .
In fact , Mr. Hanks is slated to star in the screen version ...
Posted by Prof. Goose on October 6 , 2007 - 10:00 am
Oil suppliers are tightening taps says Jeff Rubin , CIBC World Markets chief economist , because they 're using more and more themselves .
( Oct 2 , CNBC , 5 min , hat tip to Energy Bulletin , Moral Equivalent of War , and Graphoilology ) .
If you 're interested in more from Rubin , check out his slides entitled " OPEC's Call on Itself " here ( pdf warning ) .
It all sounds like what Jeffrey Brown has been saying regarding his Export Land Model .
Good on you Jeff .
T. Boone Pickens shares his outlook on oil .
( Sept 19 , CNBC , 5 min )
Connect to other peak oil media or comment on these below .
Send the link to friends or put it in comment boxes on other sites !
( Kenneth Heebner is under the fold , by he way ... )
Hi , I ’m Mark Nottingham .
I currently co-chair the IETF HTTP and QUIC Working Groups , and am a member of the Internet Architecture Board .
I usually write here about the Web , protocol design , HTTP , and caching .
Find out more .
Two HTTP Caching Extensions
We use caching extensively inside Yahoo ! to improve scalability , latency and availability for back - end HTTP services , as I ’ve discussed before .
However , there are a few situations where the plain vanilla HTTP caching model does n’t quite do the trick .
Rather than come up with one - off solultions to our problems , we tried going in the other direction ; finding the most general solution that still met our needs , in the hopes of meeting others ’ as well .
Here are two of them ( with specs and implementation ) .
The first problem you ’ve got when you rely on HTTP caching for performance is simple — what happens when the cache is stale ?
If fresh responses come in a small number of milliseconds ( as they usually do in a well - tuned cache ) , while stale ones take 200 ms or more ( as running code often leads to ) , users will notice ( as will your execs ) .
The naïve solution is to pre-fetch things into cache before the become stale , but this leads to all sorts of problems ; deciding when to pre-fetch is a major headache , and if you do n’t get it right , you ’ll overload your cache , the network or your back - end systems , if not all three .
A more elegant way to do this is to give the cache permission to serve slightly stale content , as long as it refreshes things in the background .
Above , request # 1 is served from a fresh cache , as per normal .
When the cache becomes stale and stale - while - revalidate is in effect , request # 2 will kick off an asyncronous request back to the origin server , while still being served from cache as if it were still fresh ( as # 3 is , because it ’s still inside the stale - while - revalidate “ window ” ) .
Assuming that the cache is successfully updated , # 4 gets served fresh from cache , because that ’s what it is now .
So , in a nutshell , stale - while - revalidate hides back - end latency from your clients by taking some liberty with freshness ( which you control ) .
See the stale - while - revalidate Internet - Draft for more information .
stale-if-error
The other issue we had was when services go down .
In many cases , it ’s preferable not to show users a “ hard ” error , but instead to use slightly stale content , if it ’s available .
Stale - if - error allows you to do this — again , in a way that ’s controllable by you .
For example , Yahoo !
Tech has a number of modules on its front page that are sourced from services .
If a back - end service has a glitch , in many cases it ’s better to show news ( for example ) that ’s a few minutes old , rather than have a blank space on the page .
Stale - if - error makes this possible .
Again , see the stale - if - error Internet - Draft for details .
A Word About Cache - Control
People who have looked at these often comment on their requirement for a Cache - Control header ; they often just want to be able to configure their cache manually , rather than go around modifying HTTP headers .
In fact , we got this request from so many people , we did add this capability in implementation ( see below ) .
That said , my preference is for the Cache - Control extensions , and I always strongly encourage people to use them .
Why ?
Because , while it ’s easy for an admin to go into a cache and change things , you then have decoupled the URIs ( services ) from their metadata ; if the services change , it is n’t obvious that some cache configuration somewhere may have to change as well .
Additionally , if you have multiple clients caching your data , you then have to go out and remember where all of them are ( chances are , you ’ll miss one ) , and configure each .
Not good practice .
Status
Both of these extensions are documented and , in my mind , pretty stable ; the I - D’s have expired , but AFAICT all I need to do is double - check things , re-submit them and request publication ( as Informational RFCs ) .
I ’m going to wait a little while to see if anybody has some feedback that I can incorporate .
We also have implementation of both in Squid , coded by Henrik .
Currently , there ’s a changeset sitting on 2.HEAD , but hopefully it ’ll get incorporated in 2.7 .
Note that that changeset does n’t have support for the Cache - Control extensions , but only for the squid .
conf directives for controlling these mechanisms ; when the drafts start progressing , that should change .
The intent here is to make these features available to anyone who wants them ; we do n’t want to maintain private Squid extensions , and Squid is n’t the only interesting cache in the world .
Enjoy , thanks again to Henrik and Yahoo ! , and again I ’d love any feedback you have .
... in the hands of the government , which already possesses a monopoly of force ?
The Stasi Patriot Act was written long before 9/11 .
As Congressman Jim McDermott said , " they had all this on the shelf somewhere , ideas of things they would like to do and they got 9/11 and they said " its our chance , go for it ! " "
For those of us not used to thinking like a Machiavelli , use a little imagination .
Come up up with a list of fun things to do if you were in charge , had no respect for anyone or anything , and had a search and eavesdropping power free of judicial oversight , meaning , no one looking over your shoulder to see what you were looking at , which is what a warrant means .
Let 's keep this fun list going , until people realize that the controversy over the NSA is not just pie - in - the - sky liberals squawking over their precious rights in the " new world " in which terrorist are trying to kill us .
Let 's get this out of the realm of ideas and push it down to action on the ground .
1 . Spy on all protesters and activists , from pro-life to anti-war , so you know when they are going to unfurl banners in the gallery of the House of Representatives , then change the schedule to mess them up .
2 . Get the psychiatric records of anyone who leaks a " classified " document which is only classified because it shows the government continuing to fight a war which it believes cannot be won , oops , been there done that .
Not imaginative .
His name was Daniel Ellsberg , he leaked the Pentagon Papers , and Nixon wanted his deepest darkest confessions to fish through for a smear campaign .
Fourth Amendment ideas are already the direct cause one American president being slapped down .
3 . Find out who that pesky congressman is sleeping with , who wants you impeached , see if homey wants to keep playing at this impeachment stuff .
My personal feeling is that this is exactly what Bush has on half these guys , hence their reluctance to impeach .
When you get a blank check to spy , you do n't turn it against pipsqueaks like you or me first ; you turn it against the guys who can really hurt you .
In the process you undermine the entire basis of government .
Could this account for Bush 's perpetual smirk ?
4 . Give an old frat buddy and staunch supporter , who already has all the money he ever wants , something more important to him now : the chance to settle an old score .
If there is a motivator more powerful than money , it 's hatred .
We 'll see what we can find on him , old buddy , everyone has some kind of dirt on him somewhere .
And once we find it , that expense account - fudging or out - of - wedlock baby 20 years ago , that fine upstanding pillar of the community will be sticking his head in an oven inside of a week .
5. Keep looking .
The Patriot Act says we can go through any records pertaining to you , bank account , car dealer , dentist , lawyer , real estate , telephone company , anything , understand ?
The NSA just makes it easier .
Rather than feds walk in and going through paper records , business transacted through the Internet is swept up and kept in a " dump . "
When we need it , pop in your first - middle - last - social - and - birthday , and BINGO !
6 . If we find nothing , why not just frame him ?
We do n't have anything on him , but we do on the AG in that state .
He 'll know the truth but he wo n't say anything .
7 . Tell that major league asshole of a reporter we 're going to fax his girlfriend 's abortion records to his wife .
The Patriot Act allows government agencies to look into anyone 's medical records , remember ?
8 . Allow a black market of tips , payback and blackmail to flourish among the rich and well - connected , the way the Stasi East German Secret Police did , just so long as it does n't hurt anyone important .
9 . If you are the beneficiary of such a black market , and you , as someone connected , knows someone else connected who owes you a favor , get the full text of your smart - ass competitor 's marketing strategy for the next product cycle .
10 .
Always , always , make sure you are spying on your own people .
Patriotic whistleblowers are among the most credible sources when they go to reporters .
Everyone knows they have nothing to gain and everything to lose .
Declare him enemy combatant before he talks and have him waterboarded , the punk .
Add your own to the list !
Then send this to your congressmen , and to your friends !
Dirty tricks are a game to these guys !
Why should n't we have fun too ?
Remember , what we are talking about is not the power to spy on terrorists .
The government already has that .
They can flip the switch immediately if they think anything is going down .
They just have to get a warrant within 48 hours .
That 's after the fact .
Bush lies when he implies the Constitution is outdated because sometimes there 's no time to get a warrant .
It shows what he really wants : no one looking over his shoulder whatsoever .
Before the Stasi Patriot Act of 2001 , in recognition that intelligence agents shifted through massive amounts of data , a wall was erected that forbade evidence obtained by intelligence agents without a warrant from being used in normal criminal prosecutions , since that came perilously close to what judges call " fishing expeditions . "
With the Patriot Act , this wall was dismantled .
Anything found on you in any way can be used against you .
In 2003 federal agents in Las Vegas used the no-warrant provisions of the Patriot Act to bring charges in run -of - the - mill money laundering and political corruption cases not related to terrorism .
Justice Department spokesman Mark Corrallo said : " The Patriot Act was not meant to be just for terrorism .
A lot of the uninformed criticism was obviously misplaced . "
What the Founders understood is , if you make one branch of the government Big Brother , able to prosecute every wrongdoing , it will not sometimes be abused and applied unequally ; it will always be abused and applied unequally .
The requirement for searches to be approved by a judge upon the showing of " probable cause " was an outgrowth of inherent distrust of centralized authority .
George Bush 's mantra that " this is not a law enforcement problem " is not accidental .
It is carefully crafted and deliberate .
It is meant to foster a contempt for the law , and to extend the rules of the battlefield , where the word of the Commander - in - Chief is law , to Americans and American soil .
All political persuasions should fear this .
We 're not talking about the power of the Bush administration .
We 're talking about a permanent change to a Stasi culture benefiting whomever holds the reins of power .
The Founders , whose incredibly bleak view of human nature led them to place checks and balances into the very core of the Constitution , put a brake on human nature with the Fourth Amendment .
Boy , those sure were some smart old white guys .
Ralph Lopez is a co-founder of YaliesForImpeachment.org
He is a sometimes geek / IT consultant in his day job .
It seems incredible that the technology that went into building the first successful satellite 50 years ago can now be found lying around the average house .
You could even build one yourself , as Paul Rubens explains below .
Fancy having a go ?
Then , sign up to the Magazine 's Sputnik Challenge at the bottom of this page .
THE SPUTNIK CHALLENGE
Do you fancy having a go at building your own Sputnik ?
This article explains how it could be done
If you fancy having a go , sign up to the Magazine 's Sputnik Challenge using the form at the bottom of this page
We could even pop along to film your efforts
And we 'll investigate how to get your DIY Sputniks launched
What a DIY Sputnik might look like
In 1957 the Sputnik 1 satellite was seen as a technological marvel , the result of many years work by some of the Soviet Union 's most talented engineers and scientists .
But by today 's standards , was it really such a big deal ?
In 2007 , how hard would it be to build a fully working Sputnik in the comfort of your own living room ?
In simple terms , the Sputnik satellite was a metal sphere almost 2ft ( 61 cm ) in diameter , containing a radio transmitter .
It also had a battery ; equipment to measure temperature ; barometric and temperature activated switches ; and a fan to stop it getting too hot .
It sent its famous " beep beep " radio signals to earth , altering the transmission to indicate changes in temperature or a sudden drop in pressure caused by a puncture in the satellite 's case .
And that 's about it .
You could probably find most of these components lying around your home .
There are transmitters in mobile or cordless phones , wireless internet routers and baby monitors , and you may well have a thermometer in the medicine cabinet .
A party balloon can act as a simple pressure switch of sorts - a partially inflated one would certainly expand and burst if the pressure outside dropped to zero .
And temperature switches can be found all over the house , including in the thermostat for the central heating system , or in the electric oven or washing machine .
Electronic gadgets contain batteries , and fans can be found in home computers or the kitchen extractor .
The only thing you may have trouble laying your hands on is a large metal sphere with whiplash aerials poking out .
While finding all the components may be easy in 2007 , actually getting them to work together would require a little expertise .
There 's also the small matter of all those wrecked domestic gadgets and appliances left in your wake .
SPUTNIK IN A BISCUIT TIN 1 .
Tomy baby monitor - transmitter and aerial 2 .
Wireless router - backup transmitter and aerial 3 .
Mercury thermometer - temperature sensor 4 . x4 large batteries - power supply 5 . Balloon - pressure sensor ( expands and pops if case punctured ) 6 . Power - pack - backup power supply 7 .
Domestic thermostat - activates fan and changes radio signal 8 .
Battery powered fan - moves heat to casing ( once tin lid is on ) 9 .
Biscuit tin with foil - houses components and reflects solar radiation
In practice it would probably be better to buy the parts you need from an electronics supply shop .
But how hard would it be to get them all to work together ?
" Technology now is way ahead of what was available in 1957 , and making your own fully functional Sputnik would now be very simple indeed , " says Jan Buiting , editor of Elektor Electronics , a hobbyist magazine .
" I would n't be surprised if you could build one in a container smaller than a matchbox , weighing about as much as a wristwatch .
The components , including a transmitter , battery and the sensors you 'd need would probably cost less than £ 50 , " he says .
Day 's work
In principle , you 'd need temperature and pressure sensors connected to an off - the - shelf microprocessor .
This , in turn , would be connected to the transmitter , and you could get away with one with as little power as half a watt , according to Buiting .
Taking the Magazine at their word ... do you fancy building a Sputnik ?
Then you 'd need to connect the microprocessor to your home computer and write a little program that takes the pressure and temperature information and encodes it in whatever way you like into the signal sent from the transmitters .
Add a battery and perhaps a fan programmed to come on when the temperature rises above a certain level , and you 'd have yourself a Sputnik , he says .
" It really should n't be a problem to build and program the whole thing in under a day , " he adds .
Once you 've assembled your Sputnik box , there 's a few finishing touches you 'll need to carry out before it 's ready to send into orbit .
You 'll need to put it in a strong airtight shell , because otherwise the pressure sensor would be in a vacuum , with no pressure to measure .
Dr Ralph Cordey , a satellite expert at EADS Astrium , Europe 's largest satellite builder , says you 'll also need to take steps to prevent the electronic components getting damaged by radiation .
" You are not looking at the most difficult of environments but I 'd recommend some level of shielding , " he says .
Space debris " Essentially you 'd need to pack the satellite in a metal box of some sort to protect it . "
The colour you choose to paint it could be crucial Further cooling measures would also be prudent , he advises .
" The fan will help get heat out of the middle of the satellite to its surfaces , so it can radiate away .
But you also need to think about the colour of your space craft , because dark surfaces will heat up if they are facing the sun or a planet . "
The original Sputnik was powered by over 50Kg of batteries , which kept the satellite transmitting for 22 days .
Even though advances in technology mean that batteries - like those found in mobile phones - are now quite light , they will run out eventually , so if you want your Sputnik to transmit for more than a few weeks then the addition of a few solar panels would be sensible .
But none of these measures will guarantee its longevity , however .
That 's because many of the common low - earth orbits are now littered with debris , testament to the many satellites and delivery systems which have followed Sputnik 1 into space over the last 50 years .
Without the ability to manoeuvre around these space hazards , it 's very likely that sooner or later your home - made satellite will hurtle into a piece of this rubbish and be obliterated .
Do you fancy building you own Sputnik ?
We 've given you an idea how easy it could be , now the Magazine wants to hear from willing volunteers .
We can even come and film you putting it together .
We 'll also investigate how to get your Sputniks launched .
Name
Your e-mail address
Your phone number
Town / city and country
Your comments
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .
Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .
Terms & Conditions
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
A study released today by Rice University 's Baker Institute for Public Policy finds that the " Big Five " international oil companies ( IOCs ) are spending less money on oil exploration in real terms despite a four - fold increase in operating cash flow since the early 1990s .
On the flip side , the study , " The International Oil Companies , " finds that second - tier oil companies are spending more in exploration , positioning themselves to be in better shape when it comes to future oil reserves .
The analysis is based on Baker Institute research on investment expenditures by the IOCs , the next 20 largest U.S. - based oil firms and national oil companies ( NOCs ) .
Data were culled from U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission filings going back to 1995 and , in the case of NOCs , to news reports and other public data .
The study found that the Big Five ( ExxonMobil , Royal Dutch Shell , BP , Chevron and ConocoPhillips ) , used 56 percent of their increasing cash flow on share repurchases and dividends , which were good for investors in the short term but put at risk the companies long - term oil reserves .
" The handwriting is on the wall .
The oil majors are not replacing reserves , " said Amy Myers Jaffe , co-author of the report and the Wallace S. Wilson fellow for Energy Studies at the Baker Institute .
" It 's as if they are slowly liquidating their long - term asset base .
They may see a declining rate of production over time and eventually that is bad news for both their shareholders and consumers . "
State - owned monopolies , known as national oil companies ( NOC ) , represent the top 10 oil reserve holders internationally .
By comparison , ExxonMobil , BP , Chevron and Royal Dutch Shell are ranked 14th , 17th , 19th and 25th , respectively .
The IOCs still rank among the largest oil and gas producers worldwide , and these Western majors have also achieved a dramatically higher return on capital than national oil companies of similar size .
" The Five Big IOCs are still an important force in the market .
Their production represents over 20 percent of non-OPEC production , " notes Jaffe .
" But , investors are placing a higher premium for the stock shares of emerging national oil companies , despite the measurable edge the majors have in terms of operational efficiency .
Clearly , they are betting on who will own the oil in the future .
Last week 's announcement that Brazil 's state oil company had an 8 - billion - barrel discovery is a case in point . "
Study findings summary :
Exploration spending of the five largest IOCs has been flat or lower in the aftermath of OPEC 's reinvigorated effort to constrain market supply in 1998 .
Given the uptick in costs of material , personnel and equipment such as drilling rigs , the five largest IOCs have cut spending levels in real terms over the past 10 years .
This trend appears , however , to be easing , with exploration spending by the five increasing IOCs rising by 50 percent in 2006 over 2005 .
Instead of favoring exploration , the five largest IOCs used 56 percent of their increased operating cash flow in 2006 on share repurchases and dividends .
They have also increased spending on developed resources , presumably to monetize these assets quickly while oil prices are high .
The next 20 largest privately traded U.S. oil firms have not followed a similar pattern .
Instead , they have steadily increased exploration spending since 1998 and their spending now equals that of the five largest IOCs .
This differing pattern comes despite the fact that the five largest IOCs have access to operating cash flow that is three times the size of the next 20 largely traded American oil firms .
This trend indicates that these 20 next - largest privately traded American firms will control an increasing portion of non-OPEC oil production in the coming years .
Oil production of the five largest oil companies has declined since the mid-1990s .
Oil production for the five largest IOCs fell from 10.25 million barrels a day ( b/d ) in 1996 to 9.45 million b/d in 2005 before rebounding to 9.7 million d/b in 2006 .
By contrast , for the next 20 U.S. independent oil firms , their oil production has risen since 1996 , from 1.55 million b/d in 1996 to about 2.13 million b/d in 2005 and 2006 .
Since 1994 , the nine NOCs who actively participate in international exploration invested more than $ 66 billion abroad in upstream , or exporation and development , activities .
Chinese firms alone announced foreign projects worth $ 9 billion in 2006 , most of which was in the form of access to oil fields in Russia , Nigeria and Kazakhstan -- comparable to the total amount spent by the Big Five on exploration that year but still small compared to the $ 59.4 billion they spent on exploration and development combined .
Wall Street investors increasingly recognize these new exploration investment trends and the value of shares of NOCs have risen at a much faster rate than those of the largest IOCs .
Parallel restraints on exploration spending by the Big Five and major OPEC producers could lead to less competitive global oil markets in the next decade .
The wave of consolidations in the 1990s of the largest publicly traded oil firms has not led to related success in completion of large , complex oil projects and reduction in costs for those projects .
Several of the world 's largest oil companies merged in 1998 , arguing for the need to cut costs , enhance efficiency and grow capital strength to tackle the massive spending requirements for multi-billion dollar mega-projects in places like Russia , Venezuela and Saudi Arabia .
However , spending patterns of these companies since the mergers failed to show any appreciable increase in exploration spending from the previous levels of their pre-merger entities .
One explanation for this trend is that companies may now be constrained by significant political changes in major oil producing countries such as Russia and Venezuela .
Given the superior record of the next 20 - largest publicly traded American oil firms for reserve replacement and exploration activity , there appears to be a level of consolidation that suggests that firms can become too large to effectively exploit the kinds of reserves currently available for private capital .
###
The study 's authors are Amy Myers Jaffe , Wallace S. Wilson Fellow in Energy Studies , at Rice University 's Baker Institute , and Ronald Soligo , professor of economics ; Baker Institute Rice Scholar .
To view the complete study , visit : http://www. rice .
edu/ energy / publications / docs / NOCs / Papers / IOCs_Jaffe - Soligo .
pdf .
To set up an interview with Amy Jaffe or Ronald Soligo , contact David Ruth at 713-348-6327 or druth@rice.edu .
Associated Press
March 27 , 2008
MIAMI – War with the U.S. government was at the heart of a terrorist plot to destroy Chicago ’s Sears Tower and bomb FBI offices , a prosecutor said Wednesday during closing arguments in the retrial for six Miami men accused of conspiring with al - Qaida .
Alleged ringleader Narseal Batiste and the others in the “ Liberty City Seven ” conspired with an FBI informant who pretended he was from al - Qaida with the hope of starting an anti-government war , Assistant U.S. Attorney Richard Gregorie said .
“ It ’s really not a complicated case , ” Gregorie said .
“ These are terrorists inside the United States .
They are going to try to take over the United States . ”
Batiste ’s attorney , Ana M. Jhones , accused the Bush administration and FBI of looking to “ set people up ” on overblown charges in their zeal to make a high - profile terrorism case .
She said Batiste faked interest in terrorism to con a government informant posing as an al - Qaida operative out of $ 50,000 .
Read entire article
WATCH ALEX JONES ’ ENDGAME ONLINE NOW in its entirety .
View more
High quality trailers at www.endgamethemovie.com
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
An Open Letter to the Jewish Community in Behalf of Ron Paul
DIGG THIS
Read More Open Letters
Ron Paul favors the elimination of foreign aid to Israel .
Many Jews , even those who favor free enterprise , individual rights and peace , thus oppose the most libertarian candidate ever to run for the Republican nomination for president .
This enmity goes so far as to account for his being barred from the Republican Jewish Coalition ’s candidates ’ forum .
This is no doubt that this action was taken out of fear that if Congressman Paul ’s policies are put into effect , they will be harmful to Israel .
At first blush , this seems reasonable enough .
The U.S. gives lots of money to the Israeli government for use by its military , and if this were totally eliminated , it is not unwarranted to think that this country would thereby be weakened .
However , I contend that there are several good and sufficient reasons to doubt this popular belief .
Consider the following .
I. Relative statistics
Dr. Paul by no means would single out the single country of Israel for an elimination of foreign aid .
Much to the contrary , his is a thorough - going plan that would end this pernicious program for all countries .
Indeed , each and every nation on the face of the earth that had been receiving U.S. tax dollars would be told that their ride on this particular gravy train had ended .
Would this hurt Israel ?
Of course , at least in dollar terms ( see below for the argument that foreign aid actually hurts the economies of the recipient countries ) .
But , it would also harm every other recipient as well ( I am still positing , arguendo , that foreign " aid " benefits recipient countries ) .
In order to determine whether or not Israel would be better off or not , one must make a relativistic judgment .
That is , will Israel lose more or less than its enemies ?
The facts for a recent year appear below .
Here are the top 16 recipients of U.S. foreign aid for 2005 :
1. Israel 2.58 Billion
2. Egypt 1.84 Billion
3. Afghanistan 0.98 Billion
4. Pakistan 0.70 Billion
5. Colombia 0.57 Billion
6. Sudan 0.50 Billion
7. Jordan 0.48 Billion
8. Uganda 0.25 Billion
9. Kenya 0.24 Billion
10 . Ethiopia 0.19 Billion
11 . South Africa 0.19 Billion
12 . Peru 0.19 Billion
13 . Indonesia 0.18 Billion
14 . Bolivia 0.18 Billion
15 . Nigeria 0.18 Billion
16 . Zambia 0.18 Billion
Israel , as can be expected , is right at the top of this list .
It would lose $ 2.58 Billion , under President Paul ’s administration ( I have to confess that I really like the sound of that phrase .
I think I ’ll repeat it : President Paul ’s administration .
Perhaps this sounds even better : President Ron Paul ’s administration .
Or maybe this : The Administration of President Ron Paul ?
Okay , okay , back to business , now . )
However , let us add up the amounts received by only these few countries , all of them mainly populated by either Muslims and / or Arabs :
2. Egypt 1.84 Billion
3. Afghanistan 0.98 Billion
4. Pakistan 0.70 Billion
6. Sudan 0.50 Billion
7. Jordan 0.48 Billion
If we do so , we arrive at the figure of $ 4.5 Billion .
So , yes , Israel will lose $ 2.58 Billion , but its enemies , both actual and potential , are out of pocket a far larger $ 4.5 Billion .
If we sum up the amounts received by all countries which harbor anti-Semites , we reach a much higher figure .
If we define this broadly enough , this might well include just about every other nation on earth .
No matter what statistics we consider , Israel is relatively strengthened by the Ron Paul policy on foreign aid .
It loses , but its actual and potential enemies lose more .
Thus , it becomes relatively stronger .
Note , also , that these figures do not include the vast amounts currently spent by the U.S. on and in Iraq and Palestine , certainly no friends of Israel .
II .
Private giving
There is nothing , nothing at all , in Ron Paul ’s program that would even in the slightest interfere with private foreign charitable giving .
In other words , Jews in the U.S. , and non-Jewish American supporters of Israel , would be just as free as at present , to donate to this country .
In fact , there is every reason to suppose that these private gifts to Israel would increase , not decrease .
For one thing , with the slight ( foreign aid comprises only in the neighborhood of 1 % of GDP ) reduction in taxes this would imply ( in a Ron Paul administration , such savings would be funneled into lower taxation , not into other programs ; did I mention that I really like the sound of that phrase , a Ron Paul administration ? ) more disposable income for all .
Since Jews are in higher income brackets than the average person , and we presently suffer under a progressive income tax ( which , by the way , would also be ended by President Paul ) the largest donors to Israel would have even more income at their disposal .
Then , too , this community might be so upset at this action of President Paul ( I really like the way that phrase rolls off the tongue ; ah , the sheer alliteration ! ) , unwisely so , but still , so that they would donate additional monies .
III .
Foreign aid weakens the economy
If we learn anything from Peter Bauer , it is that government - to - government transfers of income do not constitute foreign " aid . "
Very much to the contrary , they typically amount to foreign detriment .
Much of the money goes to the three Ms : monuments , Mercedes and machine guns .
The first need not be in the form of a statue of the leader : it could also take the form of a mill that produces steel at a multiple of the price available on world markets .
The second includes not only automobiles , but also , invariably , engorged Swiss bank accounts .
And the third is usually utilized by third - world dictators to keep the citizenry in thrall .
Then , too , while foreign " aid " is a small part of the donor ’s economy , it accounts for a large percentage of that of the recipients ’ .
Instead of the best and brightest of their young people aiming at careers that can help economic development ( doctors , engineers , entrepreneurs ) , they engage in training that will help them divert some of the boodle to themselves , and their relatives and friends ( civil servants , lawyers , bureaucrats ) .
In Israel , the main negative implication of U.S. largesse has been promotion of socialism .
Had our country not been financially supporting a heavily unionized and socialized economy in Israel , these policies would likely have never been as large as they were , and would have diminished much sooner .
There are strong empirical illustrations attesting to the correlation between size of government and economic regulations , on the one hand , and attenuation of the economy on the other ( Gwartney , James , Robert Lawson and Walter Block .
1996 . Economic Freedom of the World , 1975 — 1995 , Vancouver , B.C. Canada : the Fraser Institute .
For a non-empirical treatment of this phenomenon , see Smith , Adam . [ 1776 ] 1979 .
An Inquiry into the Nature and Causes of the Wealth of Nations , Indianapolis , IN : Liberty Fund ) .
That is , without U.S. " aid " to Israel , the economy of the latter would have been stronger .
But a richer country is usually a safer country .
One of the effects of Dr. Paul ’s policy , then , would be the strengthening of the Israeli economy .
IV .
The U.S. handcuffs Israeli policy
Because of its monetary transfers to Israel , the U.S. is in a position to dictate policy to its client state .
Sometimes , perhaps , maybe , this is in the best interests of the nation of Israel .
At least , it does not constitute a logical contradiction to entertain such a notion .
But there are numerous cases where the U.S. has obviously handcuffed the Israelis , not to the benefit of the latter , at least as the Israelis saw their own best interest .
Perhaps the most famous example of this phenomenon is when Eisenhower forced the British , French and Israelis to pull back from their invasion of Suez in 1956 .
According to one historian : " President Eisenhower of the United States pressured Britain , France and Israel into agreeing to a cease - fire and eventual withdrawal from Egypt . "
Forget about the rights and wrongs of the matter ; they do not concern us .
My point is that it is extremely difficult to interpret this little episode as being in the best interests of the security of the state of Israel , at least insofar as the leaders of that country saw their own best interests in this regard .
A more recent case in point took place when Condoleezza Rice forced the Israelis to postpone the bombing of a possible nuclear facility in Syria .
This was done in the context when the Israelis certainly saw quick action as being in their national interest .
According to a news report :
" A mysterious Israeli military strike on a suspected nuclear site in Syria last month was opposed by Condoleezza Rice , the American secretary of state , because she feared it would destabilise the region , according to a report this weekend .
" Rice persuaded the Israelis to delay their operation … "
Say what you will about these two events , which are only the tip of a very large iceberg , it cannot be denied that they constitute a serious drawback to the safety of Israel , at least in terms of how the Israelis themselves see their own best interest .
Needless to say , this sort of interference would come to a complete , abrupt and utter halt under a Ron Paul presidency .
V. Guarantor
Forget about the money , at least for a moment .
The U.S. also provides Israel with a guarantee : any country trying to overrun Israel will have to deal with the armed might of the U.S. Iran , the member of the " evil axis " du jour , had better watch out .
But just how good are U.S. guarantees ?
As but one example you can ask the Vietnamese who supported the U.S. incursion into their country all about that .
Would an Israel completely untied to the apron strings of the U.S. be able to take care of itself ?
There seems little doubt that not only would Israel be able to defend itself , it would be more able to do so without the U.S. continually orchestrating matters in a paternalistic manner .
How about in the face of nuclear - armed Iran ?
An Israel able to operate on its own , without a by your leave from Uncle Sam , might be better able to prevent just such an occurrence .
If not , that nation has its own nuclear weapons at its disposal .
If the U.S. and the U.S.S.R. could endure decades of cold war , with only Mutual Assured Destruction keeping the " peace , " it may well be that Israel and its Arab neighbors will have to go through the same process .
At the very least , this present tossing of missiles from Gaza over to Israel would have to come to an end ; it would be far too dangerous in a Middle Eastern MAD .
Without the U.S. in the neighborhood , the major Muslim / Arab powers such as Iran / Egypt , Syria would never tolerate such risky acts .
Having given several reasons for doubting that Ron Paul ’s program would harm Israel , let us move on to a conclusion .
Perhaps , if Ron wanted to help Israel vis–vis its enemies , it would end government to government transfers of income to that country , and double or triple it to every other nation , particularly to its most vociferous enemies .
With the poison of foreign " aid " applied to its enemies , but not to Israel , the latter might become even the more strengthened relative to them .
This is an interesting speculation .
But this is not part of Ron Paul ’s program .
For one thing , there is nothing in the Constitution allowing , let alone requiring , such a policy .
( Ron really ought to give a free copy of this document to his Republican debating partners . )
For another , it is highly incompatible with libertarian prohibitions against stealing .
The action of the Republican Jewish Coalition in barring Ron Paul from their debate was thus a shonda for the goyim .
A disgrace .
We Jews are supposed to be the people of the book .
That is , open to intellectual dialogue .
How is it possible to reconcile this with a refusal to hear out one of the major Republican candidates for the presidency .
I urge all Jewish Republicans and libertarians to express their dissatisfaction with this act , and to join Jews for Ron Paul .
Note the narrow scope of this article .
I am not engaged in any discussion of shoulds or oughts .
I take no position , whatsoever , on whether Eisenhower was justified in forcing an end to the Suez crisis , nor whether Condoleezza Rice was justified in postponing the more recent Israeli bombing of ( possible ) Syrian nuclear installations .
I am addressing myself solely to the narrow question of whether Ron Paul ’s plan to eliminate all foreign aid will likely help or hurt Israel .
The mainstream Jewish community fervently believes the latter .
And this to such a degree that they have acted disgracefully by barring Dr. Paul from their debate .
With leaders like that , the Jewish community in the U.S. hardly needs enemies .
The Best of Walter E. Block
In addition to provoking shame about a nearly universal activity , abstinence - only sex education is ineffective and dangerous .
Last April , a 10 - year study found that students who took abstinence - only courses were no more likely to abstain from sex than other students .
Previous studies revealed that abstinence - only students avoid using contraception .
Image Credit ... Jon Krause
Programs in public schools teach patently false information like “ the chances of getting pregnant with a condom are one out of six ” and H.I.V.
“ may be in your body for a long time ( from a few months to as long as 10 years or more ) before it can be detected . ”
The results are tragic .
The United States has the highest teenage pregnancy rate in the developed world ( about the same as Ukraine ’s ) , and the highest abortion rate in the Western world .
Sexually transmitted infections like syphilis and gonorrhea are on the rise for the first time since the 1980s , and chlamydia is being diagnosed twice as often as it was a decade ago .
Among Americans living in poverty — those who might see the $ 4 price of a three - pack of condoms as the take - home pay for an hour of work at minimum wage — the unintended pregnancy rate has increased 30 percent since 1994 .
Our teenage pregnancy and abortion rates have declined during the last decade , but research suggests this is mainly because of increased use of condoms , something young people must learn about outside of school .
Transcript :
Jeffrey : Uh ... you 're selling theories ?
Danae : Yep ... that 's where the big bucks are in science .
Jeffrey : OK ... so how does it work ?
Danae : Simple ... if some big industry needs proof that what they do is n't bad , we provide it for a nice chunk of cash .
Jeffrey :
That 's not how science works !!
Danae : Yeah , but that 's how it pays .
Wednesday , 18 Apr , 2007 Technology
Surgery can take a huge step towards the future due to a new surgical robot system , developed at University of Calgary .
Surgeons ' mistakes will no longer take place because the NeuroArm is going to upgrade the level of neurosurgery as well as other branches of operative medicine .
It it the first MRI - compatible robot in the world and its creator is Dr. Garnette Sutherland .
For six years he has worked together with a leading team of Canadian Scientists .
Dr. Garnette has cooperated with MacDonald , Dettwiler and Associates Ltd .
The cooperation lead to the design of a unique machine that doctors say is “ a milestone in medical technology . ”
A surgeon , through a computer workstation controls the robot .
The NeuroArm works with real - time MR imaging .
It helps surgeons see and works on a microscopic scale .
The testing of the NeuroArm is currently under way and the first patient is anticipated this summer .
The robot represents one of the most advanced robotic systems that people ever developed and it was created with the help of MDA , which is known for developing Canadarm and Canadarm2 .
The whole project of creating the NeuroArm started in 2001 when Doc , B.J. and Don Seaman invested $ 2 million to start the project .
The two oilpatch pioneers and brothers are the namesakes of the Seaman Family MR Research Centre .
They started supporting the research centre when it began the development of the first intraoperative MRI scanner in the world .
The NeuroArm required an international collaboration of professionals from different fields , including physics , software , optics and mechanics .
Dr. Sutherland outlined that the team is not only looking forward to create a robot , their creation is going to build a medical robotics program .
" We want the neuroArm technology to be translated into the global community , i.e. hospitals around the world , " he said .
Powered by www.infoniac.com.
RIO DE JANEIRO , Oct. 9 — An Argentine tribunal sentenced a Roman Catholic priest to life in prison on Tuesday for conspiring with the military in murders and kidnapping during the country ’s “ dirty war ” against leftist opponents , in a case that has become for many a powerful symbol of the church ’s complicity with the former regime .
The Rev. Christian von Wernich , who worked as a police chaplain during the military dictatorship , was found guilty of involvement in seven murders , 31 cases of torture and 42 kidnappings .
He is the first Catholic priest prosecuted in connection with human rights violations in Argentina , where at least 12,000 people were killed during the military regime from 1976 to 1983 .
Seconds after the sentence was read , hundreds of protesters cheered and fireworks were shot off outside the courthouse in La Plata , about 50 miles from Buenos Aires .
Father von Wernich , who wore a bulletproof vest in court , clasped his hands and frowned .
Image The Rev. Christian von Wernich Tuesday in La Plata .
Credit ... Natacha Pisarenko / Associated Press
Nearly a quarter of a century after the junta was toppled in 1983 and democracy was restored , the trial of Father von Wernich has forced Argentina to confront the church ’s dark past during the dirty war .
It illustrated how closely some Argentine priests , who had strongly aligned themselves with the power of the military , worked with the regime ’s leaders .
Football violence spread to cities throughout Italy after the shooting
The unnamed policeman , who is under investigation for manslaughter , told a newspaper he had not aimed at anyone .
The death sparked one of Italy 's worst days of football - related violence .
Italy 's sports minister said officials should consider suspending all play for several weeks , as authorities met to decide their response .
" I have asked the football authorities if there is the possibility of a strong gesture , in particular the suspension of the championships for the next few weeks , " Giovanna Melandri said .
Last season Italy 's football programme was badly disrupted after a policeman was killed in a riot in Sicily .
' May you be cursed forever '
Sunday 's violence erupted after the shooting of Gabriele Sandri , 26 , at a motorway service station near the Tuscan city of Arezzo .
Around 40 police were injured in the nationwide disorder .
What a fool ...
I have destroyed two families , that of this boy and mine
The policeman who fired the shot
Violence flares once again
The Lazio fan , from Rome , was hit by a bullet in the neck as he sat in a car while police tried to stop fighting between followers of his team and Juventus supporters .
Prosecutors have opened an inquiry into manslaughter , though Arezzo police chief Vincenzo Giacobbe said more serious charges could still be laid .
Floral tributes and football scarves were laid outside the shop owned by the family of the dead disc jockey in the Italian capital on Monday .
A note posted on the window of the premises read : " Yesterday a disgusting b*****d killed my son .
May you be cursed forever . "
But the policeman who fired the shot told the newspaper Corriere della Sera it was a tragic mistake .
The officer , who has been in the force for 12 years , said he fired his pistol more than 200 m ( 660 ft ) away from Mr Sandri .
The fan was sitting in a car on his way to see Lazio play Inter Milan .
" I was not aiming anywhere , I was not pointing at anyone , " the policeman was quoted by the newspaper as saying .
" The first shot I fired in the air and the second went off as I was running .
What a fool .
Now I know what happened , I am devastated .
" Now I have destroyed two families , that of this boy and mine , " he added .
Gabriele Sandri earned his living as a disc jockey
An autopsy was being carried out on Mr Sandri 's body on Monday .
Italian PM Romano Prodi has called for a full investigation into the shooting , and described the resulting disorder as " very worrying " .
The president of the Italian Football Federation ( FIGC ) said he was preparing to announce major changes .
" It is a day in which there will be major institutional steps taken , " Giancarlo Abete told RAI radio on Monday .
The worst of the disorder was in Rome - home of Lazio - where hundreds of armed fans blocked off one end of a bridge over the River Tiber and torched vehicles .
Sunday 's late match between AS Roma and Cagliari was postponed but supporters wielding rocks and clubs turned up anyway outside the Stadio Olimpico .
The mob also attacked a police barracks and the city headquarters of the Italian Olympic Committee , the body which oversees all sport in Italy .
ITALY'S ANTI - HOOLIGANISM LAW
Matches behind closed doors if stadiums do not meet safety regulations
No bulk ticket sales Preventative bans can be issued to suspected hooligans Quick trials and harsh sentences for firework and weapon offences inside stadiums
More severe punishments imposed for resisting arrest Warrants issued from photo or video evidence in 48 hours Increased search powers Self - regulation committee set up for sports media
Across Italy seven of the Serie A games started 10 minutes late .
Players wore black armbands but atmospheres remained tense .
In other developments :
Fans in Milan hurled rocks at a police station and beat up two journalists
In Bergamo , a match between Atalanta and AC Milan was abandoned 10 minutes after kick - off during an attempted pitch invasion
Supporters in Siena shouted " murderers " at police
There was also violence at lower league games in southern Italy .
The disorder comes after the Italian government introduced a law in April designed to stamp out football hooliganism following the death of a policeman in rioting at a match in Sicily in February .
Italy 's league programme was suspended , and some matches were then played behind closed doors .
Filing way back in February of 2006 , IBM sought to patent a model for a dynamically updated , commercial - laden DVD .
Essentially , the DVD would be coded to stick commercials in at certain points on the disc , which , depending upon one 's reading of the documents , would probably not be skippable .
( The commercial content itself could either be accessed from the DVD or downloaded from an online source . )
And the whole concept is scary as all hell to us , even though IBM points out its potential use as offering a cheaper alternative to DVD .
Here 's the abstract :
A method wherein contents of DVDs may be restricted based upon purchased certificates is provided .
The certificates allow for secured information on playback .
Specifically , whenever a DVD is to be played , a certificate is consulted to determine whether the content of the DVD should be played with or without commercial interruptions .
If the certificates provide for commercial interruptions , then commercials can be obtained from an online service that renders commercials on demand , or from the DVD itself .
In such a case , the content of the DVD may be interspersed with commercials .
Advertisement
Good luck selling consumers on this one , IBM .
Cheap DVDs or not , the public has grown tired of commercials .
You know , because of technologies like DVD .
[ patent via zatznotfunny ] [ image ]
Colombian authorities reported Friday they had recovered “ proof of life ” videos showing three U.S. hostages and a former Colombian presidential candidate who has been held by leftist guerrillas for nearly six years .
The discovery brought hope to the captives ’ families but was bound to fan the flames of a bizarre and heated dispute that saw Colombian President Alvaro Uribe abruptly call off the mediation efforts of his Venezuelan counterpart , Hugo Chavez , in the long - running ordeal .
Analysts said the videos might also increase the pressure on Uribe to secure the captives ’ release .
The videos came to light after the arrest Thursday of three suspected members of the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia , known as the FARC , in the capital , Bogota .
Officials did not provide details .
The tapes were time - stamped January and October 2007 .
On one of them , Ingrid Betancourt , the presidential candidate who was captured in early 2002 , has one wrist chained and looks gaunt and downcast .
Also shown were Thomas Howes , Keith Stansell and Marc Gonsalves , employees of defense contractor Northrop Grumman Corp . who were captured when their plane crash - landed in the Colombian jungle in 2003 .
Advertisement
The videos offered the first “ proof of life ” of Betancourt and the three Americans in more than four years .
Also captured were letters and documents , including a will written by Howes that had Monday ’s date .
The videos also featured about a dozen Colombian politicians , police and army officials who are also being held .
The hostages ’ relatives called on Uribe to return Chavez to the negotiating table .
“ I want Chavez back in this again , ” Howes ’ wife , Mariana , said in a telephone interview Friday with Bloomberg News .
“ He was the only hope we had . ”
“ These tapes are the fruits of Chavez ’s work , ” said Angela Perez , wife of kidnapped former Sen. Luis Eladio Perez .
In late August , Uribe gave Chavez the green light to try to broker a humanitarian accord with the FARC to secure the release of 45 political hostages in exchange for hundreds of rebels in government jails .
Advertisement
But Uribe ended Chavez ’s role Nov. 21 , saying he had overstepped protocol in his mediation efforts and that the FARC was merely angling for international legitimacy and had no intention of relieving the agony of the hostages and their families .
That led to a bitter exchange between the two leaders , with Chavez complaining that he had been treated unfairly and Uribe responding that the Venezuelan wanted to legitimize terrorism .
The dates on the videos appear to indicate that the guerrillas were responding to Chavez ’s demand that they produce proof of life .
In a speech Friday at a rally here to close his campaign for a vote on constitutional reform going before voters Sunday , Chavez again lashed out .
“ Uribe captures people and calls them terrorists , when as far as I know they were acting as messengers , ” Chavez said in a reference to the three FARC suspects .
“ Uribe does n’t have the slightest humanitarian feeling , knowing that intercepting these proofs puts the hostages ’ lives in danger . ”
Advertisement
In a statement Friday , Uribe made no mention of reinstating Chavez in the talks with rebels .
Instead , he said he would have no objection to the rebels releasing the hostages to either Chavez or to French President Nicolas Sarkozy .
Betancourt holds dual French - Colombian citizenship .
--
chris.kraul@latimes.com
Special correspondents Jenny Carolina Gonzalez in Bogota and Mery Mogollon in Caracas contributed to this report .
« help the brother out | Main | fly » strike day
in related news the 2 billion franktv commercials will be changed from " hippos do n't do impressions , franktv does " to " hippos do n't do impressions , neither does franktv "
In the days following 9/11 , the President authorized the National Security Agency to intercept a certain category of terrorist - linked international communications .
On occasion you will hear this called a domestic surveillance program .
That is more than a misnomer ; it 's a flat - out falsehood .
We are talking about international communications , one end of which we have reason to believe is related to al Qaeda and to terrorist networks .
In addition , the entire program undergoes a thorough review approximately every 45 days .
After each review , the President personally has to determine whether to reauthorize the program .
And he has done so more than 30 times since September 11th - and he has indicated his intent to continue doing so as long as our nation faces a threat from al Qaeda and related organizations .
personally
Yet none of these considerations was persuasive to a federal district court in the state of Michigan , which ruled three months ago that the NSA program violated the Constitution and the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act .
The court found , among other factors , that warrantless surveillance of terrorist - related communications would cause irreparable injury to the American Civil Liberties Union and other plaintiffs .
( Laughter . )
Every appellate court to rule on this issue has recognized inherent presidential authority to conduct warrantless surveillance to counter threats directed at the country from abroad .
The district court 's opinion — which The New York Times called " careful and thoroughly grounded " — ( Laughter . ) — did not distinguish any of those prior federal decisions .
Nor , indeed , did the district court even cite those decisions .
But since we 're on the subject of separation of powers , one conclusion is hard to escape : the Michigan district court 's decision is an indefensible act of judicial overreaching .
( Applause . )
As law students and lawyers , of course , all of you understand that a given point of view is n't necessarily correct , or even persuasive , merely because it 's been handed down by a judge .
There 's a reason these things are called opinions .
( Laughter . )
But the Michigan decision is something altogether different , and it's very troubling :
It is a court order tying the hands of the President of the United States in the conduct of a war .
And this is a matter entirely outside the competence of the judiciary .
( Applause . ) .
UPDATE
Vice President Dick Cheney and the Federalist Society got together last night and shared some hearty laughs about the administration 's ongoing eavesdropping on American citizens , inside the U.S. , in violation of the law , along with the hilarious notion that these things called " laws " or " courts " could somehow restrain the Leader :
We are spying on American citizens inside the U.S. as they talk on the telephones in their homes .
And we are doing so in secret , with no warrants or oversight of any kind .
But it is a " flat - out falsehood " to say that this is " domestic surveillance . "
Everyone knows that when a Government spies on the conversations of its own citizens while they are inside the country , that has nothing to do with " domestic surveillance .
"
There is no need to worry about our illegal , secret spying on you , because the Leader Himself -- " " -- reviews this and approves of it .
And even though there is a law in place enacted almost 30 years ago by your democratically - elected representatives making it a felony for us to do this , and even though the only court to rule on this issue has ruled that we are violating not only your constitutional rights , but also a federal criminal statute , we are still doing it , and we will continue to .
Because we want to and because we can .
Some loser activist federal judge somewhere ruled that we are breaking the law and violating the constitutional rights of Americans by spying on them with no judicial oversight ( laughter ) .
Is n't that hilarious !
This woman , sitting in her robe , actually thinks she has some sort of authority or something over the Leader .
God , that is so funny ( laughter ) .
And is n't it also hilarious how the judge unwittingly agreed with us that the ACLU are terrorists ?
After all , why else would the judge say that the ACLU was harmed by our surveillance of terrorists ( laughter ) ?
Get it ? ( laughter ) .
Not only did the judge not mention those cases , but neither did we , the Government , because instead , we , told the judge ( . pdf ) that she should just mind her own business and that she had no right to butt into what we doing , so we never even bothered to justify to her what we were doing by mentioning those cases ( which , in any event , have nothing to do with the NSA scandal since no court anywhere -- including in those cases -- has ever held that the President has the right to engage in warrantless eavesdropping when there is a duly enacted law such as FISA which criminally prohibits that very eavesdropping ) .
Hey , Federalist Society patriots -- check out these premises that we have : (1) Neither Congress nor the Courts can " tie the hands of the President " during war .
(2) We are at war forever .
(3) The war is everywhere , including inside the U.S. ( 4 ) Ergo , by definition , no more courts , no more laws , to restrain Our Leader ( raucous laughter ; wild applause ) .
It means -- by definition -- that the Leader exists outside of and above the law , no matter what some liberal judge , the ACLU , The New York Times or all the other terrorist - lovers might say ( laughter ) .
What a court says is merely an " opinion " which we are free to ignore like we do everyone else 's opinions ( and that goes double for the the aspect of what the court says that is called an " Order " ) .
We are at war , and we will be forever , and the war is Everywhere , even in our Homeland , and as a result , unlimited power is vested in our Leader , who will use it for your own Good , to protect you , because the Leader is Good and he loves you ( applause , saluting , embracing , dancing ) .
Federalist Society meeting ends .
It is worth reminding ourselves -- as the Vice President just made quite clear again -- that the pathological individuals who occupy the White House do not recognize the power of the law or the power of the courts to limit what they can do .
Therefore , the fact that Democrats now control the Congress will be of little concern to them , because the most the Democrats can do is enact little laws or issue cute , little Subpoenas --- but , as the Vice President just said , they think that nothing can " tie the hands of the President of the United States in the conduct of a war . "
And he means that .
I hope Democrats in Congress recognize that and are prepared to do something about it .
This constitutional crisis will exist until it 's confronted . : Anonymous Liberal , guest - posting over at The Carpetbagger Report , documents just how frivolous are the legal assertions on which Cheney depends to justify the administration 's ongoing violations of the law .
And courtesy of selise , here is the mp3 audio recording of Cheney 's speech at the authortarian pageant held last night by the Federalist Society .
There 's been an explosion of free - to - stream options lately if you 're willing to deal with some old - school advertising .
Gore Vidal on The Nation — [ … ]
A member of the House of Representatives for five terms since 1997 , although many of his legislative measures have been too useful and original for our brain - dead media to comprehend .
I note his well - wrought articles proposing the impeachment of Vice President Cheney , testing the patriotic nerves of his fellow Democrats , but then the fact of his useful existence often causes distress to those who genuinely hate that democracy he is so eager to extend .
Read Entire Article
Citing legal concerns , telecommunications companies AT&T , Verizon , and Qwest have refused to reveal to Congress the nature of their involvement in the NSA warrantless wiretapping program .
The House Committee on Energy and Commerce announced yesterday that it will not compel the companies to answer and will instead request additional details about the program from the Bush Administration .
The Committee began its investigation earlier this month by requesting information about the NSA surveillance program from the telecommunications companies .
All three telecoms submitted reports , but declined to provide specific details regarding the eavesdropping scheme .
The companies argue that they are not legally permitted to disclose details of the program to Congress .
The Department of Justice has informed the companies that they cannot confirm or deny participating in the program despite public knowledge of the program 's existence and a growing body of evidence demonstrating the involvement of at least one of the companies .
" Unfortunately , under current circumstances , we are unable to respond with specificity to your inquiries , " wrote AT&T in a statement to the House Committee .
" That is because , on many issues that appear to be of central concern to you , responsive information , if any , is within the control of the executive branch ...
Moreover , the United States , through sworn declaration from the Director of National Intelligence ( DNI ) , has formally invoked the state secrets privilege to prevent AT&T from either confirming or denying facts about alleged intelligence operations and activities that are central to your inquiries . "
Energy and Commerce Committee Chairman Rep. John Dingell ( D - MI ) has decided that trying to get information about the program from the telecoms is indeed an exercise in futility , and will turn his attention towards the Bush administration .
" After reviewing the thoughtful responses of the phone companies to our inquiries about the Administration 's NSA program , I am now convinced that the Administration — as the sponsor of this program and the party preventing the companies from defending themselves — is the entity best able to resolve the many outstanding issues , " said Dingell .
" I look forward to meeting with representatives of the Administration in short order , and I am hopeful that they will be forthcoming with the information Congress needs to properly evaluate this program . "
Advocacy groups like the Electronic Frontier Foundation ( EFF ) and the American Civil Liberties Union believe that the telecoms have violated state and federal laws by participating in the surveillance program .
Litigation against the companies is currently winding its way through the court system .
The telecom companies are playing the victim card in this situation , saying that they should n't be punished for complying with government requests .
Critics of the NSA 's warrantless surveillance activities argue that the federal government is using the classified status of the program to elevate its coconspirators above the rule of law and shield them from scrutiny .
Critics will likely view the Committee 's decision as capitulation to industry lobbyists , who have been pressuring Congress to grant the companies immunity for their involvement in the eavesdropping program .
Although Congress has not yet determined whether to grant the companies immunity , it is apparent that information from the companies themselves will not be available to Congress to aid its deliberations .
The Administration 's use of the states secret privilege is clearly impeding Congressional inquiry and hampering oversight .
The Bush administration is asking Congress to make permanent the expanded surveillance powers granted by the Protect America Act .
House Democrats have proposed the RESTORE
Act , which aims to perpetuate certain warrantless surveillance practices while also imposing clear and explicit limitations on the scope of the program and providing a more rigid process for conducting warrantless surveillance .
Bush has threatened to veto any surveillance legislation that does not grant retroactive immunity to the telecommunications companies for violations of the law perpetrated while assisting in the NSA 's program .
The Dutch government says it wants to promote the development of cannabis - based medicine and will extend the drug 's availability in pharmacies by five years to allow more scientific research .
In 2003 , the Netherlands became the world 's first country to make cannabis available as a prescription drug in pharmacies to treat chronic pain , nausea and loss of appetite in cancer , HIV and multiple sclerosis patients .
" Medicinal cannabis must become a regular registered medicine , " Health Minister Ab Klink said in a statement , adding he wanted to give the development of a cannabis - based medicine by a Dutch company a serious chance .
Everything you wanted to know but were afraid to ask
MOTHER JONES , America 's largest - circulation lefty magazine , has a fascinating story about what it 's like to be escorted around Iraq by private security contractors .
The tagline ?
They 've given me a machine gun and 180 rounds of ammo , and told me not to pee for six hours .
That 's because to get from Kurdistan to the capital , you have to " rely on darkness and speed to survive , making no stops and driving without headlights as fast as possible the 220 miles to Baghdad . "
Yeah , Mike Pence , Iraq is just like Indiana .
But mercenaries are not the Jonesers only interest .
Six weeks ago , they decided it was high time someone explained to us what this Iraq thing is all about .
( " Wait .
You 're saying there are TWO KINDS of Muslims !?! " )
Their excellent " Iraq Handbook for Dummies " includes all the background , charts , graphs , and liberal hand - wringing you have been dying to get your hands on .
The highlights include a study that argues global terrorism has increased since the start of the war even if one excludes events in Iraq and Afghanistan .
If true , that puts a sizable dent in the Bush administration 's rationale for continuing the war .
One final note : this is exactly the kind of opposition - based journalism that has fueled liberal - leaning magazines ' resurgence in recent years .
There 's nothing like a hated rival in the White House to move subscriptions .
Foliohas more .
LOS ANGELES ( Reuters ) - Walgreen plans to put kiosks that can make DVDs of popular movies in drugstore photo departments next year , using a new system that would increase selection while avoiding piracy .
A Walgreens store in Golden , Colorado , June 25 , 2007 .
Walgreen plans to put kiosks that can make DVDs of popular movies in drugstore photo departments next year , using a new system that would increase selection while avoiding piracy .
REUTERS / Rick Wilking
Recent change in copy - protection rules governing DVDs have freed Walgreen and other retailers to tap this new movie market by letting consumers burn digital copies onto blank discs at stores , industry watchers said .
Walgreen and CVS have tried to attract more customers in recent years by offering improved digital photo kiosks , in - store health clinics and exclusive merchandise .
For studios , the kiosks add to revenue , particularly from older and more niche content selections , without having to manufacture , ship and store them .
“ We hope to launch DVD - burning kiosks in the next few months .
We think its a type of solution that will work very well in our stores , giving us the ability to provide a virtual inventory to a diverse customer base , ” said Tiffani Bruce , a spokeswoman for Walgreen , the nation ’s largest drugstore chain , with more than 6,000 stores .
Last month , the DVD Copy Control Association , a group of movie studios and hardware makers that oversees the copy protection system for DVDs known as Content Scramble System ( CSS ) , moved to allow its technology to be licensed more broadly , opening the door for DVD - burning kiosks .
Now Walgreen is working with Hollywood studios and consumers will be able to make DVDs in about 15 minutes .
“ We believe it could right for most stores , ” Bruce said .
Walgreen and other retailers are working with Sonic Solutions SNIC.O , which released software based on the recently approved industry specifications last month .
Sonic said consumers or retailers need special DVD burners and recordable discs to use its Qflix software , which also paves the way for download services from companies such as Amazon.com Inc AMZN.O , Wal - Mart Stores WMT.N Inc and Blockbuster Inc's BBI.N Movielink .
These services and Apple Inc's AAPL.O iTunes now mostly let users watch films on computers or devices such as iPods .
“ The burning capability is a perfect complement to our Movielink download business , because it will eventually enable consumers to store movies on their hard drives or DVDs for future usage , ” said Blockbuster spokesman Randy Hargrove .
He said Blockbuster would examine kiosks .
“ We ’ll continue to monitor it .
If it makes sense to get into kiosks , it ’s clearly something we could do , ” he said .
Sonic has licensed its Qflix software to kiosk companies such as Polar Frog Digital LLC , which licenses films and television shows from studios .
“ We ’re in negotiations for content from all the studios to provide DVD - on - demand at retail .
The last hurdle is deciding which content to license without upsetting existing retail partners , ” Polar Frog Chief Executive Todd Rosenbaum said .
Studios initially will probably use the kiosks more to give older films a “ longer tail ” of availability , rather than offering new movies , for fear of upsetting existing retail partners and cannibalizing sales , said Kurt Scherf , principal analyst with Parks Associates .
Rosenbaum added that the studios are not likely to discount the DVDs .
Scherf has projected on - demand DVDs will generate $ 1.3 billion in revenue by 2011 .
Studios generate about $ 24 billion a year from DVD sales and rentals .
Reuters
Hadrien Feedbooks.com Co-Founder
Posts : 2,263 Karma : 145123 Join Date : Nov 2006 Location : Paris , France Device : Sony PRS -t-1/350/300/500/505/600/700 , Nexus S , iPad
I really love your ideas tribble .
It 's true that unlike the other readers , you can imagine all sorts of possibilities to browse your content , without mapping them to a button or putting them in a menu .
Tabs might be a good idea ?
I also like the idea of displaying the reading status of a book .
It should be really easy to see which books you have n't read yet , or how far in the book you 've been .
The way the Sony Reader deals with its bookmarks is fantastic : the ability to have on the same screen all of the bookmarks is a great way to switch between books .
SAN FRANCISCO , California ( CNN ) --
Federal investigators have launched a criminal probe into a cargo ship collision and oil spill , the Coast Guard said , which killed hundreds of birds in San Francisco Bay .
The container ship MV Cosco Busan hit the San Francisco - Oakland Bay Bridge Wednesday and is being held in Oakland for repairs , said Adm .
Thad Allen , the commandant of the Coast Guard on Sunday night .
Although the captain and crew were not allowed to leave the vessel due to federal shipping laws , they were not officially detained , said Coast Guard spokeswoman Anastasia Belvin .
Allen had told reporters Sunday that no restrictions had been placed on the crew .
Twenty wildlife teams are expected to search the bay Monday for birds sickened by the an estimated 58,000 gallons of heavy - duty bunker oil that oozed into the water after the collision , said a Department of Fish and Games official .
Watch Allen on the criminal probe »
The Cosco Busan was departing Oakland for South Korea in dense fog when it hit a tower supporting the western suspension span of the Bay Bridge , the Coast Guard said .
After the accident , the ship moored near Treasure Island , which the bridge crosses .
The spilled oil formed globules along the San Francisco city waterfront and out of San Francisco Bay , beneath the Golden Gate Bridge toward Marin County .
Seven miles of containment equipment stretched across the bay has collected 12,271 gallons of oil so far , while another 4,000 gallons has evaporated , officials said .
See where oil spilled »
The 902 - foot container ship has a 212 - foot - long , 12 - foot - wide gash in its side that allowed the oil to leak from partially filled fuel tanks , according to National Transportation Safety Board spokeswoman Debbie Hersman .
The NTSB is reviewing the ship 's voyage data recorder , which should have recorded captain and crew conversations on the bridge and other information in the 12 hours leading up to the bridge collision , Hersman said .
Nearly 200 dead birds have been recovered from the bay , while another 465 birds have been rescued alive but oiled , according to Lisa Curtis , administrator of Department of Fish and Games office of spill prevention and response .
See photos of oil coating the bay »
The crew was new to the ship , which was built six years ago in South Korea but purchased just last month by the current owner , Hersman said .
They were on their first voyage in the vessel , she said .
The U.S. attorney in San Francisco opened a criminal investigation over the weekend to see if federal maritime laws may have been violated by the captain and crew , Allen said .
" The vessel is detained in port under a captain of the port order because it is unsafe to sail . "
Several beaches and shorelines were closed to the public and fishing was banned in certain locations on Port of San Francisco property .
" This an incident which , in my view , should not have happened , " Sen .
Dianne Feinstein , D - California , said Sunday after being briefed by Coast Guard officials .
Rear Adm. Craig E. Bone , the Coast Guard 's director of inspection and compliance , echoed Feinstein 's comments .
" There 's systems , there 's capabilities , there 's licensed operators , there 's a pilot on board the vessel , there 's the capacity and the capability to safely navigate through this port and waterways every day , " he said .
He added , " But we have to move beyond the incident and the fact that it occurred and move forward into the response . "
On Friday , Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger declared a state of emergency , freeing money to clean up the spill .
Some lawmakers -- including the state 's other U.S. senator , Democrat Barbara Boxer , and Maine Republican Sen. Olympia Snowe -- initially criticized the Coast Guard 's handling of the collision and resulting spill .
" I am deeply concerned about the recent news reports that the Coast Guard had underestimated the severity of the spill and after learning of the spill 's true size failed to report that information for more than four hours , " Snowe said in a statement Saturday .
Snowe is the ranking member of the Senate 's Subcommittee on Oceans , Atmosphere , Fisheries and the Coast Guard .
" I am very troubled by the Coast Guard 's delay in delivering accurate information to the public and to the city of San Francisco , " Boxer wrote Thursday in a letter to Allen .
The Coast Guard initially reported that the ship 's owner had said only 140 gallons had spilled from the Cosco Busan , Boxer said .
Feinstein touched on the criticism Sunday .
" There 's room for improvement , obviously , " in how the accident and spill were handled , she said .
But she acknowledged that fog had hindered initial aerial reviews of the accident site .
On Saturday , the National Transportation Safety Board announced it was sending a team to San Francisco to investigate the accident .
" If there are people responsible or accountable for the causal factors of this , they 'll be held accountable , " Bone said .
The California Department of Transportation said the collision did no structural damage to the bridge and there was no interruption of bridge traffic -- more than 250,000 vehicles daily .
E-mail to a friend
All About U.S. Coast Guard • San Francisco
SHE was a hitchhiker .
He was a man away from home on business .
The circumstances of the rape were only mildly contested in court and the jurors were in complete agreement on the ‘ guilty ’ verdict .
There was , however , less agreement on what would constitute a fair sentence .
As might be expected , women jurors were more severe than men ; they suggested a sentence nearly 30 per cent longer .
Less expected , and much more insidious , was the effect of pornography on their judgment : men who regularly watched pornographic videos suggested sentences half as long as those of other men .
Fortunately , this was not a real trial .
The jurors were volunteers participating in a re-enactment of a rape trial to test the effects of exposing people to different amounts of pornography .
This experiment is one of a growing number of studies which suggest that pornography changes the attitudes and behaviour of those who use it .
And in the real world , these are not just a few dirty old men in raincoats .
Pornography is big business .
So - called ‘ top - shelf ’ soft - porn magazines will sell over 20 million copies this year in Britain and will be read by about 5 million people .
Several companies in Europe will secure multimillion - pound turnovers on pornographic magazines and videos – a business with an estimated worldwide value of several billion pounds .
The ‘ product ’ in this vast business varies considerably and it caters for all tastes .
At the extremes of hard - core pornography are sadomasochism , paedophilia and bestiality .
In both American and Australian classifications of pornographic magazines , a quarter of all titles concerned some such form of sexual deviance .
Less extreme hard - core pornography portrays petting , intercourse , oral sex and group sex .
By far the most …
BILL NUMBER : AB 2051 CHAPTERED BILL TEXT CHAPTER 856 FILED WITH SECRETARY OF STATE SEPTEMBER 30 , 2006 APPROVED BY GOVERNOR SEPTEMBER 30 , 2006 PASSED THE ASSEMBLY AUGUST 30 , 2006 PASSED THE SENATE AUGUST 29 , 2006 AMENDED IN SENATE AUGUST 24 , 2006 AMENDED IN SENATE AUGUST 14 , 2006 AMENDED IN SENATE JUNE 26 , 2006 AMENDED IN SENATE JUNE 19 , 2006 AMENDED IN ASSEMBLY MAY 26 , 2006 AMENDED IN ASSEMBLY APRIL 19 , 2006 INTRODUCED BY Assembly Member Cohn ( Coauthors : Assembly Members Koretz and Laird ) FEBRUARY 15 , 2006 An act to amend Sections 298 , 298.5 , and 358 of the Family Code , to amend Section 124250 of the Health and Safety Code , and to amend Sections 13519 , 13823.15 , and 13823.16 of , and to add Section 13823.17 to , the Penal Code , relating to domestic violence .
LEGISLATIVE COUNSEL'S DIGEST AB 2051 , Cohn Domestic violence .
Existing law requires the Secretary of State to establish fees for the costs of processing forms for registering domestic partnerships .
This bill would establish a fee of $ 23 to be imposed upon persons registering as domestic partners to develop and support a training curriculum specific to lesbian , gay , bisexual , and transgender domestic abuse support service providers who serve that community in regard to domestic violence , and to provide brochures specific to lesbian , gay , bisexual , and transgender domestic abuse , as specified .
The bill would establish the Equality in Prevention and Services for Domestic Abuse Fund for the deposit and use of those fees .
Existing law requires the Secretary of State to return a copy of the certificate of registration to registered domestic partners .
This bill would also require a brochure specific to lesbian , gay , bisexual , and transgender domestic abuse prepared by the State Department of Health Services to be printed by the Secretary of State and made available to , upon request by , certain domestic partner registrants , as specified .
Existing law requires the State Department of Health Services to administer a program of grants to support battered women 's shelters .
Existing law also establishes a council to advise the department for those purposes .
This bill would revise the grant program to include the lesbian , gay , bisexual , and transgender community for certain purposes of the grant program .
The bill would also require membership on the council by representatives of the lesbian , gay , bisexual , and transgender community .
Existing law requires specified training for law enforcement officers in regard to domestic violence .
This bill would additionally require that the commission responsible for that training program , consult with a representative of service providers serving victims of domestic violence in the lesbian , gay , bisexual , and transgender community .
Existing law requires the Office of Emergency Services to conduct statewide training workshops on domestic violence for local centers , law enforcement , and other service providers designed to enhance service programs .
Existing law also requires that office to develop and disseminate throughout the state information and materials concerning domestic violence .
Existing law also establishes a council to advise the office for these purposes .
This bill would require the training workshops to also include a curriculum component specific to lesbian , gay , bisexual , and transgender domestic abuse .
The bill would also require membership on the council by at least one representative of the lesbian , gay , bisexual , and transgender community .
Existing law establishes a grant program administered by the Office of Emergency Services for specified service providers relative to domestic violence .
This bill would establish a similar grant program administered by that and funded by the Equality in Prevention and Services for Domestic Abuse Fund for grants to serve the lesbian , gay , bisexual , and transgender community relative to domestic abuse , as specified .
This bill would incorporate additional changes in Section 358 of the Family Code , to be operative only if AB 1102 and this bill are both chaptered and become effective on or before January 1 , 2007 , and this bill is chaptered last .
This bill would incorporate additional changes in Section 124250 of the Health and Safety Code , and in Section 13823.15 of the Penal Code , proposed by SB 1062 , to be operative only if SB 1062 and this bill are both chaptered and become effective on or before January 1 , 2007 , and this bill is chaptered last .
THE PEOPLE OF THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA DO ENACT AS FOLLOWS : SECTION 1 .
This act shall be known and may be cited as the " Equality in Prevention and Services for Domestic Abuse Act . "
SEC .
2 . Section 298 of the Family Code is amended to read : 298 . ( a ) ( 1 ) The Secretary of State shall prepare forms entitled " Declaration of Domestic Partnership " and " Notice of Termination of Domestic Partnership " to meet the requirements of this division .
These forms shall require the signature and seal of an acknowledgment by a notary public to be binding and valid .
( 2 ) When funding allows , the Secretary of State shall include on the form notice that a lesbian , gay , bisexual , and transgender specific domestic abuse brochure is available upon request .
( b ) ( 1 ) The Secretary of State shall distribute these forms to each county clerk .
These forms shall be available to the public at the office of the Secretary of State and each county clerk .
( 2 ) The Secretary of State shall , by regulation , establish fees for the actual costs of processing each of these forms , and the cost for preparing and sending the mailings and notices required pursuant to Section 299.3 , and shall charge these fees to persons filing the forms .
( 3 ) There is hereby established a fee of twenty - three dollars ( $ 23 ) to be charged in addition to the existing fees established by regulation to persons filing domestic partner registrations pursuant to Section 297 for development and support of a lesbian , gay , bisexual , and transgender curriculum for training workshops on domestic violence , conducted pursuant to Section 13823.15 of the Penal Code , and for the support of a minigrant program to promote healthy nonviolent relationships in the lesbian , gay , bisexual , and transgender community .
This paragraph shall not apply to persons of opposite sexes filing a domestic partnership registration and who meet the qualifications described in subparagraph ( B ) of paragraph ( 5 ) of subdivision ( b ) of Section 297 . ( 4 ) The fee established by paragraph ( 3 ) shall be deposited in the Equality in Prevention and Services for Domestic Abuse Fund , which is hereby established .
The fund shall be administered by the Office of Emergency Services , and expenditures from the fund shall be used to support the purposes of paragraph ( 3 ) . ( c ) The Declaration of Domestic Partnership shall require each person who wants to become a domestic partner to ( 1 ) state that he or she meets the requirements of Section 297 at the time the form is signed , ( 2 ) provide a mailing address , ( 3 ) state that he or she consents to the jurisdiction of the Superior Courts of California for the purpose of a proceeding to obtain a judgment of dissolution or nullity of the domestic partnership or for legal separation of partners in the domestic partnership , or for any other proceeding related to the partners ' rights and obligations , even if one or both partners ceases to be a resident of , or to maintain a domicile in , this state , ( 4 ) sign the form with a declaration that representations made therein are true , correct , and contain no material omissions of fact to the best knowledge and belief of the applicant , and ( 5 ) have a notary public acknowledge his or her signature .
Both partners ' signatures shall be affixed to one Declaration of Domestic Partnership form , which form shall then be transmitted to the Secretary of State according to the instructions provided on the form .
Filing an intentionally and materially false Declaration of Domestic Partnership shall be punishable as a misdemeanor .
SEC .
3 . Section 298.5 of the Family Code is amended to read : 298.5 .
( a ) Two persons desiring to become domestic partners may complete and file a Declaration of Domestic Partnership with the Secretary of State .
( b ) The Secretary of State shall register the Declaration of Domestic Partnership in a registry for those partnerships , and shall return a copy of the registered form and a Certificate of Registered Domestic Partnership , and except for those opposite sex domestic partners who meet the qualifications described in subparagraph ( B ) of paragraph ( 5 ) of subdivision ( b ) of Section 297 , a copy of the brochure that is made available to county clerks and the Secretary of State by the State Department of Health Services pursuant to Section 358 and distributed to individuals receiving a confidential marriage license pursuant to Section 503 , to the domestic partners at the mailing address provided by the domestic partners .
( c )
No person who has filed a Declaration of Domestic Partnership may file a new Declaration of Domestic Partnership or enter a civil marriage with someone other than their registered domestic partner unless the most recent domestic partnership has been terminated or a final judgment of dissolution or nullity of the most recent domestic partnership has been entered .
This prohibition does not apply if the previous domestic partnership ended because one of the partners died .
( d) When funding allows , the Secretary of State shall print and make available upon request , pursuant to Section 358 , a lesbian , gay , bisexual , and transgender specific domestic abuse brochure developed by the State Department of Health Services and made available to the Secretary of State to domestic partners who qualify pursuant to Section 297 .
SEC .
4 . Section 358 of the Family Code is amended to read : 358 .
( a ) The State Department of Health Services shall prepare and publish a brochure which shall contain the following : ( 1 ) Information concerning the possibilities of genetic defects and diseases and contain a listing of centers available for the testing and treatment of genetic defects and diseases .
( 2 ) Information concerning acquired immunodeficiency syndrome ( AIDS ) and the availability of testing for antibodies to the probable causative agent of AIDS .
( 3 ) Information concerning domestic violence , including resources available to victims and a statement that physical , emotional , psychological , and sexual abuse , and assault and battery , are against the law .
( b ) The State Department of Health Services shall make the brochures available to county clerks who shall distribute a copy of the brochure to each applicant for a marriage license , including applicants for a confidential marriage license and notary publics receiving a confidential marriage license pursuant to Section 503 .
The department shall also make the brochure available to the Secretary of State who shall distribute a copy of the brochure to persons who qualify as domestic partners pursuant to Section 297 . ( c )
The department shall prepare a lesbian , gay , bisexual , and transgender specific domestic abuse brochure and make the brochure available to the Secretary of State who shall print and make available the brochure , as funding allows , pursuant to Section 298.5 .
( d) Each notary public authorizing a confidential marriage under Section 503 shall distribute a copy of the brochure to the applicants for a confidential marriage license .
( e )
To the extent possible , the State Department of Health Services shall seek to combine in a single brochure all statutorily required information for marriage license applicants .
SEC .
4.5 . Section 358 of the Family Code is amended to read : 358 .
( a ) The State Department of Health Services shall prepare and publish a brochure that shall contain the following : ( 1 ) Information concerning the possibilities of genetic defects and diseases and a listing of centers available for the testing and treatment of genetic defects and diseases .
( 2 ) Information concerning acquired immunodeficiency syndrome ( AIDS ) and the availability of testing for antibodies to the probable causative agent of AIDS .
( 3 ) Information concerning domestic violence , including resources available to victims and a statement that physical , emotional , psychological , and sexual abuse , and assault and battery , are against the law .
( b ) The State Department of Health Services shall make the brochures available to county clerks who shall distribute a copy of the brochure to each applicant for a marriage license , including applicants for a confidential marriage license and notaries public receiving a confidential marriage license pursuant to Section 503 .
The department shall also make the brochure available to the Secretary of State who shall distribute a copy of the brochure to persons who qualify as domestic partners pursuant to Section 297 . ( c )
The department shall prepare a lesbian , gay , bisexual , and transgender specific domestic abuse brochure and make the brochure available to the Secretary of State who shall print and make available the brochure , as funding allows , pursuant to Section 298.5 .
( d) Each notary public issuing a confidential marriage license under Section 503 shall distribute a copy of the brochure to the applicants for a confidential marriage license .
( e )
To the extent possible , the State Department of Health Services shall seek to combine in a single brochure all statutorily required information for marriage license applicants .
SEC .
5 . Section 124250 of the Health and Safety Code is amended to read : 124250 .
( a) The following definitions shall apply for purposes of this section : ( 1 ) " Domestic violence " means the infliction or threat of physical harm against past or present adult or adolescent female intimate partners , and shall include physical , sexual , and psychological abuse against the woman , and is a part of a pattern of assaultive , coercive , and controlling behaviors directed at achieving compliance from or control over , that woman .
( 2 ) " Shelter - based " means an established system of services where battered women and their children may be provided safe or confidential emergency housing on a 24 - hour basis , including , but not limited to , hotel or motel arrangements , haven , and safe houses .
( 3 ) " Emergency shelter " means a confidential or safe location that provides emergency housing on a 24 - hour basis for battered women and their children .
( b ) The Maternal and Child Health Branch of the State Department of Health Services shall administer a comprehensive shelter - based services grant program to battered women 's shelters pursuant to this section .
( c ) The Maternal and Child Health Branch shall administer grants , awarded as the result of a request for application process , to battered women 's shelters that propose to maintain shelters or services previously granted funding pursuant to this section , to expand existing services or create new services , and to establish new battered women 's shelters to provide services , in any of the following four areas : ( 1 ) Emergency shelter to women and their children escaping violent family situations .
( 2 ) Transitional housing programs to help women and their children find housing and jobs so that they are not forced to choose between returning to a violent relationship or becoming homeless .
The programs may offer up to 18 months of housing , case management , job training and placement , counseling , support groups , and classes in parenting and family budgeting .
( 3 ) Legal and other types of advocacy and representation to help women and their children pursue the appropriate legal options .
( 4 ) Other support services for battered women and their children .
( d ) ( 1 ) The Maternal and Child Health Branch of the State Department of Health Services shall conduct a minimum of one site visit per grant term to each agency funded to provide shelter - based services to battered women and their children .
The purpose of the site visit shall be a performance assessment of , and technical assistance for , each agency visited .
The performance assessment shall include , but need not be limited to , a review of all of the following : ( A ) Progress in meeting program goals and objectives .
( B ) Agency organization and facilities .
( C ) Personnel policies , files , and training .
( D ) Recordkeeping , budgeting , and expenditures .
( E ) Documentation , data collection , and client confidentiality .
( 2 ) Subsequent to each site visit conducted under paragraph ( 1 ) , the Maternal and Child Health Branch shall provide a written report to the agency summarizing the agency 's performance , any deficiencies noted , and any corrective action needed .
( 3 ) Where an agency receives funding from both the Maternal and Child Health Branch of the State Department of Health Services and the Domestic Violence Branch of the Office of Criminal Justice Planning during any grant cycle , the Maternal and Child Health Branch and the Domestic Violence Branch shall , to the extent feasible , coordinate agency site visits and share performance assessment data with the goal of improving efficiency , eliminating duplication , and reducing administrative costs .
( e )
In implementing the grant program pursuant to this section , the State Department of Health Services shall consult with an advisory council that shall remain in existence until January 1 , 2010 .
The council shall be composed of not to exceed 13 voting members and two nonvoting ex officio members appointed as follows : ( 1 ) Seven members appointed by the Governor .
( 2 ) Three members appointed by the Speaker of the Assembly .
( 3 ) Three members appointed by the Senate Committee on Rules .
( 4 ) Two nonvoting ex officio members who shall be Members of the Legislature , one appointed by the Speaker of the Assembly and one appointed by the Senate Committee on Rules .
Any Member of the Legislature appointed to the council shall meet with , and participate in the activities of , the council to the extent that participation is not incompatible with his or her position as a Member of the Legislature .
The membership of the council shall consist of domestic violence advocates , battered women service providers , and representatives of women 's organizations , law enforcement , and other groups involved with domestic violence , and at least one representative of service providers serving the lesbian , gay , bisexual , and transgender community for purposes of domestic violence .
At least one - half of the council membership shall consist of domestic violence advocates or battered women service providers from organizations such as the California Partnership to End Domestic Violence .
It is the intent of the Legislature that the council membership reflect the ethnic , racial , cultural , and geographic diversity of the state .
( f ) The department shall collaborate closely with the council in the development of funding priorities , the framing of the Request for Proposals , and the solicitation of proposals .
( g ) ( 1 ) The Maternal and Child Health Branch of the State Department of Health Services shall administer grants , awarded as the result of a request for application process , to agencies to conduct demonstration projects to serve battered women and their children , including , but not limited to , creative and innovative service approaches , such as community response teams and pilot projects to develop new interventions emphasizing prevention and education , and other support projects identified by the advisory council .
( 2 ) For purposes of this subdivision , " agency " means a state agency , a local government , a community - based organization , or a nonprofit organization .
( h)
It is the intent of the Legislature that services funded by this program include services for battered women in underserved communities , including the lesbian , gay , bisexual , and transgender community , and ethnic and racial communities .
Therefore , the Maternal and Child Health Branch of the State Department of Health Services shall do all of the following : ( 1 ) Fund shelters pursuant to this section that reflect the ethnic , racial , economic , cultural , and geographic diversity of the state .
( 2 ) Target geographic areas and ethnic and racial communities of the state whereby , based on a needs assessment , it is determined that no shelter - based services for battered women exist or that additional resources are necessary .
( i ) The director may award additional grants to shelter - based agencies when it is determined that there exists a critical need for shelter or shelter - based services .
( j )
As a condition of receiving funding pursuant to this section , battered women 's shelters shall do all of the following : ( 1 ) Provide matching funds or in - kind contributions equivalent to not less than 20 percent of the grant they would receive .
The matching funds or in - kind contributions may come from other governmental or private sources .
( 2 ) Ensure that appropriate staff and volunteers having client contact meet the definition of " domestic violence counselor " as specified in subdivision ( a ) of Section 1037.1 of the Evidence Code .
The minimum training specified in paragraph ( 2 ) of subdivision ( a ) of Section 1037.1 of the Evidence Code shall be provided to those staff and volunteers who do not meet the requirements of paragraph ( 1 ) of subdivision ( a ) of Section 1037.1 of the Evidence Code .
SEC .
5.5 . Section 124250 of the Health and Safety Code is amended to read : 124250 .
( a ) The following definitions shall apply for purposes of this section : ( 1 ) " Domestic violence " means the infliction or threat of physical harm against past or present adult or adolescent female intimate partners , and shall include physical , sexual , and psychological abuse against the woman , and is a part of a pattern of assaultive , coercive , and controlling behaviors directed at achieving compliance from or control over , that woman .
( 2 ) " Shelter - based " means an established system of services where battered women and their children may be provided safe or confidential emergency housing on a 24 - hour basis , including , but not limited to , hotel or motel arrangements , haven , and safe houses .
( 3 ) " Emergency shelter " means a confidential or safe location that provides emergency housing on a 24 - hour basis for battered women and their children .
( b ) The Maternal and Child Health Branch of the State Department of Health Services shall administer a comprehensive shelter - based services grant program to battered women 's shelters pursuant to this section .
( c ) The Maternal and Child Health Branch shall administer grants , awarded as the result of a request for application process , to battered women 's shelters that propose to maintain shelters or services previously granted funding pursuant to this section , to expand existing services or create new services , and to establish new battered women 's shelters to provide services , in any of the following four areas : ( 1 ) Emergency shelter to women and their children escaping violent family situations .
( 2 ) Transitional housing programs to help women and their children find housing and jobs so that they are not forced to choose between returning to a violent relationship or becoming homeless .
The programs may offer up to 18 months of housing , case management , job training and placement , counseling , support groups , and classes in parenting and family budgeting .
( 3 ) Legal and other types of advocacy and representation to help women and their children pursue the appropriate legal options .
( 4 ) Other support services for battered women and their children .
( d ) ( 1 ) The Maternal and Child Health Branch of the State Department of Health Services shall conduct a minimum of one site visit per grant term to each agency funded to provide shelter - based services to battered women and their children .
The purpose of the site visit shall be a performance assessment of , and technical assistance for , each agency visited .
The performance assessment shall include , but need not be limited to , a review of all of the following : ( A ) Progress in meeting program goals and objectives .
( B ) Agency organization and facilities .
( C ) Personnel policies , files , and training .
( D ) Recordkeeping , budgeting , and expenditures .
( E ) Documentation , data collection , and client confidentiality .
( 2 ) Subsequent to each site visit conducted under paragraph ( 1 ) , the Maternal and Child Health Branch shall provide a written report to the agency summarizing the agency 's performance , any deficiencies noted , and any corrective action needed .
( 3 ) If an agency receives funding from both the Maternal and Child Health Branch of the State Department of Health Services and the Domestic Violence Program in the Office of Emergency Services during any grant cycle , the Maternal and Child Health Branch and the Comprehensive Statewide Domestic Violence Program shall , to the extent feasible , coordinate agency site visits and share performance assessment data with the goal of improving efficiency , eliminating duplication , and reducing administrative costs .
( e )
In implementing the grant program pursuant to this section , the State Department of Health Services shall consult with an advisory council that shall remain in existence until January 1 , 2010 .
The council shall be composed of not to exceed 13 voting members and two nonvoting ex officio members appointed as follows : ( 1 ) Seven members appointed by the Governor .
( 2 ) Three members appointed by the Speaker of the Assembly .
( 3 ) Three members appointed by the Senate Committee on Rules .
( 4 ) Two nonvoting ex officio members who shall be Members of the Legislature , one appointed by the Speaker of the Assembly and one appointed by the Senate Committee on Rules .
Any Member of the Legislature appointed to the council shall meet with , and participate in the activities of , the council to the extent that participation is not incompatible with his or her position as a Member of the Legislature .
The membership of the council shall consist of domestic violence advocates , battered women service providers , and representatives of women 's organizations , law enforcement , and other groups involved with domestic violence , and at least one representative of service providers serving the lesbian , gay , bisexual , and transgender community for purposes of domestic violence .
At least one - half of the council membership shall consist of domestic violence advocates or battered women service providers from organizations such as the California Partnership to End Domestic Violence .
It is the intent of the Legislature that the council membership reflect the ethnic , racial , cultural , and geographic diversity of the state .
( f ) The department shall collaborate closely with the council in the development of funding priorities , the framing of the Request for Proposals , and the solicitation of proposals .
( g ) ( 1 ) The Maternal and Child Health Branch of the State Department of Health Services shall administer grants , awarded as the result of a request for application process , to agencies to conduct demonstration projects to serve battered women and their children , including , but not limited to , creative and innovative service approaches , such as community response teams and pilot projects to develop new interventions emphasizing prevention and education , and other support projects identified by the advisory council .
( 2 ) For purposes of this subdivision , " agency " means a state agency , a local government , a community - based organization , or a nonprofit organization .
( h)
It is the intent of the Legislature that services funded by this program include services for battered women in underserved communities , including the lesbian , gay , bisexual , and transgender community , and ethnic and racial communities .
Therefore , the Maternal and Child Health Branch of the State Department of Health Services shall do all of the following : ( 1 ) Fund shelters pursuant to this section that reflect the ethnic , racial , economic , cultural , and geographic diversity of the state .
( 2 ) Target geographic areas and ethnic and racial communities of the state whereby , based on a needs assessment , it is determined that no shelter - based services for battered women exist or that additional resources are necessary .
( i ) The director may award additional grants to shelter - based agencies when it is determined that there exists a critical need for shelter or shelter - based services .
( j )
As a condition of receiving funding pursuant to this section , battered women 's shelters shall do all of the following : ( 1 ) Provide matching funds or in - kind contributions equivalent to not less than 20 percent of the grant they would receive .
The matching funds or in - kind contributions may come from other governmental or private sources .
( 2 ) Ensure that appropriate staff and volunteers having client contact meet the definition of " domestic violence counselor " as specified in subdivision ( a ) of Section 1037.1 of the Evidence Code .
The minimum training specified in paragraph ( 2 ) of subdivision ( a ) of Section 1037.1 of the Evidence Code shall be provided to those staff and volunteers who do not meet the requirements of paragraph ( 1 ) of subdivision ( a ) of Section 1037.1 of the Evidence Code .
SEC .
6 . Section 13519 of the Penal Code is amended to read : 13519 .
( a ) The commission shall implement by January 1 , 1986 , a course or courses of instruction for the training of law enforcement officers in California in the handling of domestic violence complaints and also shall develop guidelines for law enforcement response to domestic violence .
The course or courses of instruction and the guidelines shall stress enforcement of criminal laws in domestic violence situations , availability of civil remedies and community resources , and protection of the victim .
Where appropriate , the training presenters shall include domestic violence experts with expertise in the delivery of direct services to victims of domestic violence , including utilizing the staff of shelters for battered women in the presentation of training .
( b )
As used in this section , " law enforcement officer " means any officer or employee of a local police department or sheriff 's office , any peace officer of the Department of Parks and Recreation , as defined in subdivision ( f ) of Section 830.2 , any peace officer of the University of California Police Department , as defined in subdivision ( b ) of Section 830.2 , any peace officer of the California State University Police Departments , as defined in subdivision ( c ) of Section 830.2 , a peace officer , as defined in subdivision ( d ) of Section 830.31 , or a peace officer as defined in subdivisions ( a ) and ( b ) of Section 830.32 .
( c ) The course of basic training for law enforcement officers shall , no later than January 1 , 1986 , include adequate instruction in the procedures and techniques described below : ( 1 ) The provisions set forth in Title 5 ( commencing with Section 13700 ) relating to response , enforcement of court orders , and data collection .
( 2 ) The legal duties imposed on peace officers to make arrests and offer protection and assistance including guidelines for making felony and misdemeanor arrests .
( 3 ) Techniques for handling incidents of domestic violence that minimize the likelihood of injury to the officer and that promote the safety of the victim .
( 4 ) The nature and extent of domestic violence .
( 5 ) The signs of domestic violence .
( 6 ) The legal rights of , and remedies available to , victims of domestic violence .
( 7 ) The use of an arrest by a private person in a domestic violence situation .
( 8 ) Documentation , report writing , and evidence collection .
( 9 ) Domestic violence diversion as provided in Chapter 2.6 ( commencing with Section 1000.6 ) of Title 6 of Part 2 . ( 10 ) Tenancy issues and domestic violence .
( 11 ) The impact on children of law enforcement intervention in domestic violence .
( 12 ) The services and facilities available to victims and batterers .
( 13 )
The use and applications of this code in domestic violence situations .
( 14 ) Verification and enforcement of temporary restraining orders when ( A ) the suspect is present and ( B ) the suspect has fled .
( 15 ) Verification and enforcement of stay - away orders .
( 16 ) Cite and release policies .
( 17 ) Emergency assistance to victims and how to assist victims in pursuing criminal justice options .
( d) The guidelines developed by the commission shall also incorporate the foregoing factors . ( e ) ( 1 )
All law enforcement officers who have received their basic training before January 1 , 1986 , shall participate in supplementary training on domestic violence subjects , as prescribed and certified by the commission .
( 2 ) Except as provided in paragraph ( 3 ) , the training specified in paragraph ( 1 ) shall be completed no later than January 1 , 1989 .
( 3 ) ( A ) The training for peace officers of the Department of Parks and Recreation , as defined in subdivision ( g ) of Section 830.2 , shall be completed no later than January 1 , 1992 .
( B ) The training for peace officers of the University of California Police Department and the California State University Police Departments , as defined in Section 830.2 , shall be completed no later than January 1 , 1993 .
( C )
The training for peace officers employed by a housing authority , as defined in subdivision ( d ) of Section 830.31 , shall be completed no later than January 1 , 1995 .
( 4 ) Local law enforcement agencies are encouraged to include , as a part of their advanced officer training program , periodic updates and training on domestic violence .
The commission shall assist where possible .
( f ) ( 1 ) The course of instruction , the learning and performance objectives , the standards for the training , and the guidelines shall be developed by the commission in consultation with appropriate groups and individuals having an interest and expertise in the field of domestic violence .
The groups and individuals shall include , but shall not be limited to , the following : one representative each from the California Peace Officers ' Association , the Peace Officers ' Research Association of California , the State Bar of California , the California Women Lawyers ' Association , and the State Commission on the Status of Women ; two representatives from the commission ; two representatives from the California Partnership to End Domestic Violence ; two peace officers , recommended by the commission , who are experienced in the provision of domestic violence training ; and two domestic violence experts , recommended by the California Partnership to End Domestic Violence , who are experienced in the provision of direct services to victims of domestic violence and at least one representative of service providers serving the lesbian , gay , bisexual , and transgender community in connection with domestic violence .
At least one of the persons selected shall be a former victim of domestic violence .
( 2 ) The commission , in consultation with these groups and individuals , shall review existing training programs to determine in what ways domestic violence training might be included as a part of ongoing programs .
( g ) Each law enforcement officer below the rank of supervisor who is assigned to patrol duties and would normally respond to domestic violence calls or incidents of domestic violence shall complete , every two years , an updated course of instruction on domestic violence that is developed according to the standards and guidelines developed pursuant to subdivision ( d ) .
The instruction required pursuant to this subdivision shall be funded from existing resources available for the training required pursuant to this section .
It is the intent of the Legislature not to increase the annual training costs of local government entities .
SEC .
7 . Section 13823.15 of the Penal Code is amended to read : 13823.15 .
( a ) The Legislature finds the problem of domestic violence to be of serious and increasing magnitude .
The Legislature also finds that existing domestic violence services are underfunded and that some areas of the state are unserved or underserved .
Therefore , it is the intent of the Legislature that a goal or purpose of the Office of Emergency Services ( OES ) shall be to ensure that all victims of domestic violence served by the OES Comprehensive Statewide Domestic Violence Program receive comprehensive , quality services .
( b) There is in the OES a Comprehensive Statewide Domestic Violence Program .
The goals of the program shall be to provide local assistance to existing service providers , to maintain and expand services based on a demonstrated need , and to establish a targeted or directed program for the development and establishment of domestic violence services in currently unserved and underserved areas .
The OES shall provide financial and technical assistance to local domestic violence centers in implementing all of the following services : ( 1 ) Twenty - four - hour crisis hotlines .
( 2 ) Counseling .
( 3 ) Business centers .
( 4 ) Emergency " safe " homes or shelters for victims and families .
( 5 ) Emergency food and clothing .
( 6 ) Emergency response to calls from law enforcement .
( 7 ) Hospital emergency room protocol and assistance .
( 8 ) Emergency transportation .
( 9 ) Supportive peer counseling .
( 10 ) Counseling for children .
( 11 ) Court and social service advocacy .
( 12 ) Legal assistance with temporary restraining orders , devices , and custody disputes .
( 13 ) Community resource and referral .
( 14 ) Household establishment assistance .
Priority for financial and technical assistance shall be given to emergency shelter programs and " safe " homes for victims of domestic violence and their children .
( c ) Except as provided in subdivision ( f ) , the OES and the advisory committee established pursuant to Section 13823.16 shall collaboratively administer the Comprehensive Statewide Domestic Violence Program , and shall allocate funds to local centers meeting the criteria for funding .
All organizations funded pursuant to this section shall utilize volunteers to the greatest extent possible .
The centers may seek , receive , and make use of any funds which may be available from all public and private sources to augment any state funds received pursuant to this section .
Centers receiving funding shall provide cash or an in - kind match of at least 10 percent of the funds received pursuant to this section .
( d) The OES shall conduct statewide training workshops on domestic violence for local centers , law enforcement , and other service providers designed to enhance service programs .
The workshops shall be planned in conjunction with practitioners and experts in the field of domestic violence prevention .
The workshops shall include a curriculum component on lesbian , gay , bisexual , and transgender specific domestic abuse .
( e ) The OES shall develop and disseminate throughout the state information and materials concerning domestic violence .
The OES shall also establish a resource center for the collection , retention , and distribution of educational materials related to domestic violence .
The OES may utilize and contract with existing domestic violence technical assistance centers in this state in complying with the requirements of this subdivision .
( f )
The funding process for distributing grant awards to domestic violence shelter service providers ( DVSSPs ) shall be administered by the OES as follows : ( 1 ) The OES shall establish each of the following : ( A ) The process and standards for determining whether to grant , renew , or deny funding to any DVSSP applying or reapplying for funding under the terms of the program .
( B ) For DVSSPs applying for grants under the request for proposal ( RFP ) process described in paragraph ( 2 ) , a system for grading grant applications in relation to the standards established pursuant to subparagraph ( A ) , and an appeal process for applications that are denied .
A description of this grading system and appeal process shall be provided to all DVSSPs as part of the application required under the RFP process .
( C ) For DVSSPs reapplying for funding under the request for application process described in paragraph ( 4 ) , a system for grading the performance of DVSSPs in relation to the standards established pursuant to subparagraph ( A ) , and an appeal process for decisions to deny or reduce funding .
A description of this grading system and appeal process shall be provided to all DVSSPs receiving grants under this program .
( 2 ) Grants for shelters that were not funded in the previous cycle shall be awarded as a result of a competitive request for proposal ( RFP ) process .
The RFP process shall comply with all applicable state and federal statutes for domestic violence shelter funding , and to the extent possible , the response to the RFP shall not exceed 25 narrative pages , excluding attachments .
( 3 ) Grants shall be awarded to DVSSPs that propose to maintain shelters or services previously granted funding pursuant to this section , to expand existing services or create new services , or to establish new domestic violence shelters in underserved or unserved areas .
Each grant shall be awarded for a three - year term .
( 4 ) DVSSPs reapplying for grants shall not be subject to a competitive grant process , but shall be subject to a request for application ( RFA ) process .
The RFA process shall consist in part of an assessment of the past performance history of the DVSSP in relation to the standards established pursuant to paragraph ( 1 ) .
The RFA process shall comply with all applicable state and federal statutes for domestic violence center funding , and to the extent possible , the response to the RFA shall not exceed 10 narrative pages , excluding attachments .
( 5 ) Any DVSSP funded through this program in the previous grant cycle , including any DVSSP funded by Chapter 707 of the Statutes of 2001 , shall be funded upon reapplication , unless , pursuant to the assessment required under the RFA process , its past performance history fails to meet the standards established by the OES pursuant to paragraph ( 1 ) . ( 6 ) The OES shall conduct a minimum of one site visit every three years for each DVSSP funded pursuant to this subdivision .
The purpose of the site visit shall be to conduct a performance assessment of , and provide subsequent technical assistance for , each shelter visited .
The performance assessment shall include , but need not be limited to , a review of all of the following : ( A ) Progress in meeting program goals and objectives .
( B ) Agency organization and facilities .
( C ) Personnel policies , files , and training .
( D ) Recordkeeping , budgeting , and expenditures .
( E ) Documentation , data collection , and client confidentiality .
( 7 ) After each site visit conducted pursuant to paragraph ( 6 ) , the OES shall provide a written report to the DVSSP summarizing the performance of the DVSSP , any deficiencies noted , any corrective action needed , and a deadline for corrective action to be completed .
The OES shall also develop a corrective action plan for verifying the completion of any corrective action required .
The OES shall submit its written report to the DVSSP no more than 60 days after the site visit .
No grant under the RFA process shall be denied if the DVSSP has not received a site visit during the previous three years , unless the OES is aware of criminal violations relative to the administration of grant funding .
( 8 ) DVSSPs receiving written reports of deficiencies or orders for corrective action after a site visit shall be given no less than six months ' time to take corrective action before the deficiencies or failure to correct may be considered in the next RFA process .
However , the OES shall have the discretion to reduce the time to take corrective action in cases where the deficiencies present a significant health or safety risk or when other severe circumstances are found to exist .
If corrective action is deemed necessary , and a DVSSP fails to comply , or if other deficiencies exist that , in the judgment of the OES , cannot be corrected , the OES shall determine , using its grading system , whether continued funding for the DVSSP should be reduced or denied altogether .
If a DVSSP has been determined to be deficient , the OES may , at any point during the DVSSP 's funding cycle following the expiration of the period for corrective action , deny or reduce any further funding .
( 9 ) If a DVSSP applies or reapplies for funding pursuant to this section and that funding is denied or reduced , the decision to deny or reduce funding shall be provided in writing to the DVSSP , along with a written explanation of the reasons for the reduction or denial made in accordance with the grading system for the RFP or RFA process .
Except as otherwise provided , any appeal of the decision to deny or reduce funding shall be made in accordance with the appeal process established by the OES .
The appeal process shall allow a DVSSP a minimum of 30 days to appeal after a decision to deny or reduce funding .
All pending appeals shall be resolved before final funding decisions are reached .
( 10 )
It is the intent of the Legislature that priority for additional funds that become available shall be given to currently funded , new , or previously unfunded DVSSPs for expansion of services .
However , the OES may determine when expansion is needed to accommodate underserved or unserved areas .
If supplemental funding is unavailable , the OES shall have the authority to lower the base level of grants to all currently funded DVSSPs in order to provide funding for currently funded , new , or previously unfunded DVSSPs that will provide services in underserved or unserved areas .
However , to the extent reasonable , funding reductions shall be reduced proportionately among all currently funded DVSSPs .
After the amount of funding reductions has been determined , DVSSPs that are currently funded and those applying for funding shall be notified of changes in the available level of funding prior to the next application process .
Funding reductions made under this paragraph shall not be subject to appeal .
( 11 ) Notwithstanding any other provision of this section , OES may reduce funding to a DVSSP funded pursuant to this section if federal funding support is reduced .
Funding reductions as a result of a reduction in federal funding shall not be subject to appeal .
( 12 ) Nothing in this section shall be construed to supersede any function or duty required by federal acts , rules , regulations , or guidelines for the distribution of federal grants .
( 13 )
As a condition of receiving funding pursuant to this section , DVSSPs shall do all of the following : ( A ) Provide matching funds or in - kind contributions equivalent to not less than 10 percent of the grant they would receive .
The matching funds or in - kind contributions may come from other governmental or private sources .
( B ) Ensure that appropriate staff and volunteers having client contact meet the definition of " domestic violence counselor " as specified in subdivision ( a ) of Section 1037.1 of the Evidence Code .
The minimum training specified in paragraph ( 2 ) of subdivision ( a ) of Section 1037.1 of the Evidence Code shall be provided to those staff and volunteers who do not meet the requirements of paragraph ( 1 ) of subdivision ( a ) of Section 1037.1 of the Evidence Code . ( 14 )
The following definitions shall apply for purposes of this subdivision : ( A ) " Domestic violence " means the infliction or threat of physical harm against past or present adult or adolescent female intimate partners , including physical , sexual , and psychological abuse against the woman , and is a part of a pattern of assaultive , coercive , and controlling behaviors directed at achieving compliance from or control over that woman .
( B ) " Domestic violence shelter service provider " or " DVSSP " means a victim services provider that operates an established system of services providing safe and confidential emergency housing on a 24 - hour basis for victims of domestic violence and their children , including , but not limited to , hotel or motel arrangements , haven , and safe houses .
( C ) " Emergency shelter " means a confidential or safe location that provides emergency housing on a 24 - hour basis for victims of domestic violence and their children .
( g ) The OES may hire the support staff and utilize all resources necessary to carry out the purposes of this section .
The OES shall not utilize more than 10 percent of any funds appropriated for the purpose of the program established by this section for the administration of that program .
SEC .
7.5 . Section 13823.15 of the Penal Code is amended to read : 13823.15 .
( a ) The Legislature finds the problem of domestic violence to be of serious and increasing magnitude .
The Legislature also finds that existing domestic violence services are underfunded and that some areas of the state are unserved or underserved .
Therefore , it is the intent of the Legislature that a goal or purpose of the Office of Emergency Services ( OES ) shall be to ensure that all victims of domestic violence served by the OES Comprehensive Statewide Domestic Violence Program receive comprehensive , quality services .
( b) There is in the OES a Comprehensive Statewide Domestic Violence Program .
The goals of the program shall be to provide local assistance to existing service providers , to maintain and expand services based on a demonstrated need , and to establish a targeted or directed program for the development and establishment of domestic violence services in currently unserved and underserved areas .
The OES shall provide financial and technical assistance to local domestic violence centers in implementing all of the following services : ( 1 ) Twenty - four - hour crisis hotlines .
( 2 ) Counseling .
( 3 ) Business centers .
( 4 ) Emergency " safe " homes or shelters for victims and families .
( 5 ) Emergency food and clothing .
( 6 ) Emergency response to calls from law enforcement .
( 7 ) Hospital emergency room protocol and assistance .
( 8 ) Emergency transportation .
( 9 ) Supportive peer counseling .
( 10 ) Counseling for children .
( 11 ) Court and social service advocacy .
( 12 ) Legal assistance with temporary restraining orders , devices , and custody disputes .
( 13 ) Community resource and referral .
( 14 ) Household establishment assistance .
Priority for financial and technical assistance shall be given to emergency shelter programs and " safe " homes for victims of domestic violence and their children .
( c ) Except as provided in subdivision ( f ) , the OES and the advisory committee established pursuant to Section 13823.16 shall collaboratively administer the Comprehensive Statewide Domestic Violence Program , and shall allocate funds to local centers meeting the criteria for funding .
All organizations funded pursuant to this section shall utilize volunteers to the greatest extent possible .
The centers may seek , receive , and make use of any funds which may be available from all public and private sources to augment any state funds received pursuant to this section .
Centers receiving funding shall provide cash or an in - kind match of at least 10 percent of the funds received pursuant to this section .
( d) The OES shall conduct statewide training workshops on domestic violence for local centers , law enforcement , and other service providers designed to enhance service programs .
The workshops shall be planned in conjunction with practitioners and experts in the field of domestic violence prevention .
The workshops shall include a curriculum component on lesbian , gay , bisexual , and transgender specific domestic abuse .
( e ) The OES shall develop and disseminate throughout the state information and materials concerning domestic violence .
The OES shall also establish a resource center for the collection , retention , and distribution of educational materials related to domestic violence .
The OES may utilize and contract with existing domestic violence technical assistance centers in this state in complying with the requirements of this subdivision .
( f )
The funding process for distributing grant awards to domestic violence shelter service providers ( DVSSPs ) shall be administered by the OES as follows : ( 1 ) The OES shall establish each of the following : ( A ) The process and standards for determining whether to grant , renew , or deny funding to any DVSSP applying or reapplying for funding under the terms of the program .
( B ) For DVSSPs applying for grants under the request for proposal process described in paragraph ( 2 ) , a system for grading grant applications in relation to the standards established pursuant to subparagraph ( A ) , and an appeal process for applications that are denied .
A description of this grading system and appeal process shall be provided to all DVSSPs as part of the application required under the RFP process .
( C ) For DVSSPs reapplying for funding under the request for application process described in paragraph ( 4 ) , a system for grading the performance of DVSSPs in relation to the standards established pursuant to subparagraph ( A ) , and an appeal process for decisions to deny or reduce funding .
A description of this grading system and appeal process shall be provided to all DVSSPs receiving grants under this program .
( 2 ) Grants for shelters that were not funded in the previous cycle shall be awarded as a result of a competitive request for proposal ( RFP ) process .
The RFP process shall comply with all applicable state and federal statutes for domestic violence shelter funding , and to the extent possible , the response to the RFP shall not exceed 25 narrative pages , excluding attachments .
( 3 ) Grants shall be awarded to DVSSPs that propose to maintain shelters or services previously granted funding pursuant to this section , to expand existing services or create new services , or to establish new domestic violence shelters in underserved or unserved areas .
Each grant shall be awarded for a three - year term .
( 4 ) DVSSPs reapplying for grants shall not be subject to a competitive grant process , but shall be subject to a request for application ( RFA ) process .
The RFA process shall consist in part of an assessment of the past performance history of the DVSSP in relation to the standards established pursuant to paragraph ( 1 ) .
The RFA process shall comply with all applicable state and federal statutes for domestic violence center funding , and to the extent possible , the response to the RFA shall not exceed 10 narrative pages , excluding attachments .
( 5 ) Any DVSSP funded through this program in the previous grant cycle , including any DVSSP funded by Chapter 707 of the Statutes of 2001 , shall be funded upon reapplication , unless , pursuant to the assessment required under the RFA process , its past performance history fails to meet the standards established by the OES pursuant to paragraph ( 1 ) . ( 6 ) The OES shall conduct a minimum of one site visit every three years for each DVSSP funded pursuant to this subdivision .
The purpose of the site visit shall be to conduct a performance assessment of , and provide subsequent technical assistance for , each shelter visited .
The performance assessment shall include , but need not be limited to , a review of all of the following : ( A ) Progress in meeting program goals and objectives .
( B ) Agency organization and facilities .
( C ) Personnel policies , files , and training .
( D ) Recordkeeping , budgeting , and expenditures .
( E ) Documentation , data collection , and client confidentiality .
( 7 ) After each site visit conducted pursuant to paragraph ( 6 ) , the OES shall provide a written report to the DVSSP summarizing the performance of the DVSSP , any deficiencies noted , any corrective action needed , and a deadline for corrective action to be completed .
The OES shall also develop a corrective action plan for verifying the completion of any corrective action required .
The OES shall submit its written report to the DVSSP no more than 60 days after the site visit .
No grant under the RFA process shall be denied if the DVSSP has not received a site visit during the previous three years , unless the OES is aware of criminal violations relative to the administration of grant funding .
( 8 ) If an agency receives funding from both the Comprehensive Statewide Domestic Violence Program in the Office of Emergency Services and the Maternal and Child Health Branch of the State Department of Health Services during any grant cycle , the Comprehensive Statewide Domestic Violence Program and the Maternal and Child Health Branch shall , to the extent feasible , coordinate agency site visits and share performance assessment data with the goal of improving efficiency , eliminating duplication , and reducing administrative costs .
( 9 ) DVSSPs receiving written reports of deficiencies or orders for corrective action after a site visit shall be given no less than six months ' time to take corrective action before the deficiencies or failure to correct may be considered in the next RFA process .
However , the OES shall have the discretion to reduce the time to take corrective action in cases where the deficiencies present a significant health or safety risk or when other severe circumstances are found to exist .
If corrective action is deemed necessary , and a DVSSP fails to comply , or if other deficiencies exist that , in the judgment of the OES , cannot be corrected , the OES shall determine , using its grading system , whether continued funding for the DVSSP should be reduced or denied altogether .
If a DVSSP has been determined to be deficient , the OES may , at any point during the DVSSP 's funding cycle following the expiration of the period for corrective action , deny or reduce any further funding .
( 10 ) If a DVSSP applies or reapplies for funding pursuant to this section and that funding is denied or reduced , the decision to deny or reduce funding shall be provided in writing to the DVSSP , along with a written explanation of the reasons for the reduction or denial made in accordance with the grading system for the RFP or RFA process .
Except as otherwise provided , any appeal of the decision to deny or reduce funding shall be made in accordance with the appeal process established by the OES .
The appeal process shall allow a DVSSP a minimum of 30 days to appeal after a decision to deny or reduce funding .
All pending appeals shall be resolved before final funding decisions are reached .
( 11 )
It is the intent of the Legislature that priority for additional funds that become available shall be given to currently funded , new , or previously unfunded DVSSPs for expansion of services .
However , the OES may determine when expansion is needed to accommodate underserved or unserved areas .
If supplemental funding is unavailable , the OES shall have the authority to lower the base level of grants to all currently funded DVSSPs in order to provide funding for currently funded , new , or previously unfunded DVSSPs that will provide services in underserved or unserved areas .
However , to the extent reasonable , funding reductions shall be reduced proportionately among all currently funded DVSSPs .
After the amount of funding reductions has been determined , DVSSPs that are currently funded and those applying for funding shall be notified of changes in the available level of funding prior to the next application process .
Funding reductions made under this paragraph shall not be subject to appeal .
( 12 ) Notwithstanding any other provision of this section , OES may reduce funding to a DVSSP funded pursuant to this section if federal funding support is reduced .
Funding reductions as a result of a reduction in federal funding shall not be subject to appeal .
( 13 ) Nothing in this section shall be construed to supersede any function or duty required by federal acts , rules , regulations , or guidelines for the distribution of federal grants .
( 14 )
As a condition of receiving funding pursuant to this section , DVSSPs shall do all of the following : ( A ) Provide matching funds or in - kind contributions equivalent to not less than 10 percent of the grant they would receive .
The matching funds or in - kind contributions may come from other governmental or private sources .
( B ) Ensure that appropriate staff and volunteers having client contact meet the definition of " domestic violence counselor " as specified in subdivision ( a ) of Section 1037.1 of the Evidence Code .
The minimum training specified in paragraph ( 2 ) of subdivision ( a ) of Section 1037.1 of the Evidence Code shall be provided to those staff and volunteers who do not meet the requirements of paragraph ( 1 ) of subdivision ( a ) of Section 1037.1 of the Evidence Code .
( 15 )
The following definitions shall apply for purposes of this subdivision : ( A ) " Domestic violence " means the infliction or threat of physical harm against past or present adult or adolescent female intimate partners , including physical , sexual , and psychological abuse against the woman , and is a part of a pattern of assaultive , coercive , and controlling behaviors directed at achieving compliance from or control over that woman .
( B ) " Domestic violence shelter service provider " or " DVSSP " means a victim services provider that operates an established system of services providing safe and confidential emergency housing on a 24 - hour basis for victims of domestic violence and their children , including , but not limited to , hotel or motel arrangements , haven , and safe houses .
( C ) " Emergency shelter " means a confidential or safe location that provides emergency housing on a 24 - hour basis for victims of domestic violence and their children .
( g ) The OES may hire the support staff and utilize all resources necessary to carry out the purposes of this section .
The OES shall not utilize more than 10 percent of any funds appropriated for the purpose of the program established by this section for the administration of that program .
SEC .
8 . Section 13823.16 of the Penal Code is amended to read : 13823.16 .
( a ) The Comprehensive Statewide Domestic Violence Program established pursuant to Section 13823.15 shall be collaboratively administered by the Office of Emergency Services ( OES ) and an advisory council .
The membership of the OES Domestic Violence Advisory Council shall consist of experts in the provision of either direct or intervention services to battered women and their children , within the scope and intention of the OES Domestic Violence Assistance Program .
( b)
The membership of the council shall consist of domestic violence victims ' advocates , battered women service providers , at least one representative of service providers serving the lesbian , gay , bisexual , and transgender community in connection with domestic violence , and representatives of women 's organizations , law enforcement , and other groups involved with domestic violence .
At least one - half of the council membership shall consist of domestic violence victims ' advocates or battered women service providers from organizations such as the California Partnership to End Domestic Violence .
It is the intent of the Legislature that the council membership reflect the ethnic , racial , cultural , and geographic diversity of the state .
The council shall be composed of no more than 13 voting members and two nonvoting ex officio members who shall be appointed , as follows : ( 1 ) Seven voting members shall be appointed by the Governor .
( 2 ) Three voting members shall be appointed by the Speaker of the Assembly .
( 3 ) Three voting members shall be appointed by the Senate Committee on Rules .
( 4 ) Two nonvoting ex officio members shall be Members of the Legislature , one appointed by the Speaker of the Assembly and one appointed by the Senate Committee on Rules .
Any Member of the Legislature appointed to the council shall meet with the council and participate in its activities to the extent that participation is not incompatible with his or her position as a Member of the Legislature .
( c ) The OES shall collaborate closely with the council in developing funding priorities , framing the request for proposals , and soliciting proposals .
( d) This section shall remain in effect only until January 1 , 2010 , and as of that date is repealed , unless a later enacted statute , that is enacted before January 1 , 2010 , deletes or extends that date .
SEC .
9 . Section 13823.17 is added to the Penal Code , to read : 13823.17 .
( a ) The Legislature finds the problem of domestic violence in the gay , lesbian , bisexual , and transgender community to be of serious and increasing magnitude .
The Legislature also finds that existing domestic violence services for this population are underfunded and that members of this population are unserved or underserved in the state .
Therefore , it is the intent of the Legislature that a goal or purpose of the Office of Emergency Services ( OES ) shall be to increase access to culturally appropriate domestic violence education , prevention , and services for the gay , lesbian , bisexual , and transgender community .
( b)
The goal of this section is to establish a targeted or directed minigrant program for the development and support of domestic violence programs and services for the gay , lesbian , bisexual , and transgender community .
The OES shall use funds from the Equality in Prevention and Services for Domestic Abuse Fund to award at least four minigrants annually of up to ten thousand dollars ( $ 10,000 ) to qualifying organizations to fund domestic violence programs and services such as : ( 1 ) Twenty - four - hour crisis hotlines .
( 2 ) Counseling .
( 3 ) Court and social service advocacy .
( 4 ) Legal assistance with temporary restraining orders , devices , and custody disputes .
( 5 ) Community resource and referral .
( 6 ) Household establishment assistance .
( 7 ) Emergency housing .
( 8 ) Educational workshops and publications .
( c ) Each minigrant shall be awarded for a three - year term for the purposes of this section .
( d)
In order to qualify for a minigrant award under this section , the recipient shall be a California nonprofit organization with a demonstrated history of working in the area of domestic violence education and prevention and serving the lesbian , gay , bisexual , and transgender community .
( e )
The funding process for distributing minigrant awards to qualifying organizations shall be administered by the OES as follows : ( 1 ) Minigrants that were not funded in the previous cycle shall be awarded to qualifying organizations as a result of a competitive request for proposal ( RFP ) process .
The RFP process shall comply with all applicable state and federal statutes and to the extent possible , the response to the RFP shall not exceed 15 narrative pages , excluding attachments .
( 2 ) The following criteria shall be used to evaluate minigrant proposals : ( A ) Whether the proposed program or services would further the purpose of promoting healthy , nonviolent relationships in the lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender community .
( B ) Whether the proposed program or services would reach a significant number of people in and have the support of the lesbian , gay , bisexual , and transgender community .
( C ) Whether the proposed program or services are grounded in a firm understanding of domestic violence and represent an innovative approach to addressing the issue .
( D ) Whether the proposed program or services would reach unique and underserved sectors of the lesbian , gay , bisexual , and transgender community , such as youth , people of color , immigrants , and transgender persons .
( 3 ) Minigrant funds shall not be used to support any of the following : ( A ) Scholarships .
( B ) Awards to individuals .
( C ) Out - of - state travel .
( D ) Projects that are substantially completed before the anticipated date of the grant award .
( E ) Fundraising activities .
( 4 ) Organizations reapplying for minigrants shall not be subject to a competitive grant process , but shall be subject to a request for application ( RFA ) process .
The RFA process shall consist in part of an assessment of the past performance history of the organization in relation to the standards established by this section .
The response to the RFA shall not exceed 10 narrative pages , excluding attachments .
( 5 ) Any organization funded through this program in the previous minigrant cycle shall be funded upon reapplication , unless , pursuant to the assessment required under the RFA process , its past performance history fails to meet the standards established by this section .
( f ) Minigrant recipients may seek , receive , and make use of any funds which may be available from all public and private sources to augment any funds received pursuant to this section .
( g ) The OES may adopt rules as necessary to implement the minigrant program created under this section .
( h)
The OES may hire the support staff and utilize all resources necessary to carry out the purposes of this section .
( i ) For purposes of this section , " domestic violence " means the infliction or threat of physical harm against past or present adult or adolescent intimate partners , including physical , sexual , and psychological abuse against the person , and is a part of a pattern of assaultive , coercive , and controlling behaviors directed at achieving compliance from or control over that person .
SEC . 10 . Section 4.5 of this bill incorporates amendments to Section 358 of the Family Code proposed by both this bill and AB 1102 .
It shall only become operative if ( 1 ) both bills are enacted and become effective on or before January 1 , 2007 , ( 2 ) each bill amends Section 358 of the Family Code , and ( 3 ) this bill is enacted after AB 1102 , in which case Section 4 of this bill shall not become operative .
SEC .
11 . Section 5.5 of this bill incorporates amendments to Section 124250 of the Health and Safety Code proposed by both this bill and SB 1062 .
It shall only become operative if ( 1 ) both bills are enacted and become effective on or before January 1 , 2007 , ( 2 ) each bill amends Section 124250 of the Health and Safety Code , and ( 3 ) this bill is enacted after SB 1062 , in which case Section 5 of this bill shall not become operative .
SEC .
12 . Section 7.5 of this bill incorporates amendments to Section 13823.15 of the Penal Code proposed by both this bill and SB 1062 .
It shall only become operative if ( 1 ) both bills are enacted and become effective on or before January 1 , 2007 , ( 2 ) each bill amends Section 13823.15 of the Penal Code , and ( 3 ) this bill is enacted after SB 1062 , in which case Section 7 of this bill shall not become operative .
In this segment , we will look at some other changes affecting the economy besides the growth in the use of fossil fuels .
We will look particularly at debt and how peak oil is likely to affect a financial system that is tied to debt .
We will also look at some the stresses that the economy is currently under .
Some of these stresses seem to stem from a failure of the United States to fully adapt to its own decline in oil supply since 1971 ; some of these stresses come from the fact that the world is finite , and we are reaching the earth 's limits with respect to more than just oil .
Peak oil seems likely to make a huge change in our economic system -- more than would be expected by a worldwide decline in oil production by a few percentage points a year .
In Part 1 , we looked at the contrast between economic systems before the industrial revolution and the current economic system .
We also looked at economic studies that suggested that energy , and the more efficient use of energy , seem to be big contributors to the real economic growth that took place since the industrial revolution .
This is the second of a three part series giving my view of the economic impact of peak oil .
Debt , and the trust that makes debt work , is the glue that holds our economy together .
There is a very close relationship between debt and the supply of money .
When a person borrows money from the bank , the loan actually increases the supply of money available .
When more and more people take out mortgages and other types of debt , the people taking out the mortgages end up with more house then they would otherwise have .
When homeowners refinance their homes and take the equity out , they get additional cash that they can spend on other things .
If we suddenly have a situation where there are many defaults on mortgages or other debt , we end up with a reverse of the above situation , so that there is in fact less and less money .
If a bank takes possession of the house when a purchaser is behind on payments , and tries to sell the house to get its money back , the house is added to the large inventory of other unsold houses .
This tends to bring the prices of houses down further , and tends to reduce the amount of equity other homeowners have in their homes .
Besides this role of debt , debt ( in the form of bonds of various types ) makes up a large share of the assets of insurance companies , pension funds , and banks .
If there are suddenly many defaults on debt , most of the financial institutions in the country are at risk .
Debt is also a means of smoothing financial transactions .
We use credit cards for personal purchases .
Businesses make purchases from other businesses , and are often given some specified period to pay ( say , 30 days or 60 days ) , before interest starts accruing .
This is a form of debt .
Because the US has a trade deficit , there is debt associated with purchases we make abroad .
If we buy a car from overseas , on average , there are not enough exports to balance out our imports .
Japan ( or whoever is selling the car ) ends up with more cash than it can use for imports .
It often takes its excess dollars and buys US Treasury bonds -- another form of debt .
2 . How did we get to a situation where debt is so important to the economy ?
Were n't panics and crashes ( like the bank failures during the depression ) between 1800 and 1932 so disruptive to the economy that debt could only play a minor role ?
During the time when panics and crashes were frequent , it was difficult to use debt widely , since defaults were a major problem .
A number of changes were made over the years in an attempt to provide stability .
The indirect result of these changes was to make greater use of debt possible .
( Increased use of debt was also enabled by going off the gold standard in 1971 , since the money supply was no longer tied to the amount of available gold . )
Factors which contributed to the stability of the system included :
• Establishment of the Federal Reserve System in 1913 .
This acts as a central bank , and tries to regulate monetary supply , primarily by adjusting interest rates .
• Establishment of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation in 1934 .
The FDIC insures deposits in banks and savings and loans up to a specified limit ( now $ 100,000 ) , to prevent runs on banks .
• Establishment of rules for international financial relations at the Bretton Woods Conference in 1944 , including the establishment of the International Monetary Fund in 1945 .
Another factor adding stability to the system was the economic growth that came through the growing use of fossil fuels .
3 . Why would economic growth -- pushed along by growing fossil fuel use -- make the debt system more stable ?
The reason that economic growth makes a debt system more stable is that we are dealing with a system in which a person ( or company or government ) borrows money at one date , and pays back that money plus interest at a later date .
If the economy is growing rapidly , incomes tend to be rising , making the payback of loans , with interest , easier .
A person who has taken out a home loan , or a loan for college expenses , will find that his higher income over time makes debt payments relatively affordable .
Default rates tend to be low , so interest rates can be relatively low .
If there is no real growth ( that is 0 % economic growth ) , there will still be a few situations where loans make economic sense .
These projects will have a good enough return that borrowed money can be used , and the return on the project will cover the interest on the loan .
In general , the process will not work very well , however .
Real incomes will not be rising fast enough to provide a cushion to make interest payments more affordable .
Default rates will be quite high , so lenders will need to charge a higher interest rate to cover defaults .
This will make loans affordable only in fairly rare circumstances .
If we get to a situation where there is long - term economic decline , rather than growth , debt becomes a losing battle .
Default rates are likely to be very high , making required interest rates ( to cover expected inflation , a " rent " payment on money , and expected defaults ) extremely high .
Virtually no project will have a high enough expected return to be financed by debt in such an environment .
4 . Where do we stand now with respect to economic growth ?
Wikipedia tells us that income per capita was essentially flat until the industrial revolution .
Between 1790 and 1946 , Economic History Services data shows that the US experienced long term economic growth .
There were a lot of ups and downs , related to the bubbles , panics and crashes that were so much a problem in that era , however .
Since 1946 , Economic History Services data shows that the US real growth has been about 3 % per year .
Year to year fluctuations have been smaller than prior to 1946 , due to the changes described in Question 2 and the interventions of the Federal Reserve to maintain stability .
Going forward , it seems very probable that the US real growth rate will decline once world oil production begins to decline .
From Part 1 , we know that there is a close tie between energy use ( and more productive use of energy ) and economic growth .
We also know from Part 1 Question 6 that productivity growth at this point is relatively small - only 1 % or 2 % per year , so that we are unlikely to make up a very big decline in supply by efficiency gains .
Surprisingly , a decline in US real growth rate may come even before peak oil .
The issue is really one of how much oil is available to the US , through its own production and through imports .
If something happens to reduce our imports , such as a drop in the value of the dollar , or greater competition for existing supply , we could find ourselves with less oil , even before the world reaches peak oil .
If the decrease in oil supply is large enough that we cannot make up the shortfall by other means ( increased coal or biofuels , for example ) , we could face declining real growth on a long term basis , even before peak oil .
5 . Would n't declining economic growth cause problems in an economy that is as tied to debt as ours ?
Yes !
I
It is likely to cause a lot of problems .
If no intervention is made , there are likely to be a huge number of defaults .
This will lead to many insolvencies and deflation , most likely .
If steps are taken to guarantee the payment of loans , this may lead to hyper-inflation .
We may still have our bank accounts and pension plans , but we will find that the funds in them will purchase much less than in the past .
It is possible that there will be such serious disruption that the monetary system as we know it disappears .
We could temporarily end up with barter as the primary means of exchange .
Presumably , an alternative monetary system would be developed fairly quickly , but it could still be quite different from what we have today .
New agreements with trading partners to facilitate inter-country trade would also be required .
These new agreements could prove to be a more difficult problem than developing a new monetary system for use within the country .
6 . Has n't planning been done that considered the possibility that over the long term , economic growth may not really be possible ?
No .
Economic theory has grown up since the industrial revolution , during a period of long - term economic growth .
Recent economic work has been done using data since World War II .
No one has stopped to think that the analysis period data might not be typical of the situation over the long run .
Some examples of calculations that are distorted by looking at data from only periods of economic growth include the following :
• Pension calculations .
Much higher contributions will be needed , it economic decline is expected .
• Loan calculations .
A much higher margin for default is needed in interest rates , if a decline in economic growth is expected .
Thus interest rates on loans will be higher .
• Projections of stock market values .
An analysis that considers only periods of economic growth will show good prospects for stock market growth in the future .
An analysis that considers the possibility of long - term economic decline will show declining values .
• Models used by quantitative analysts to price derivatives and sliced and diced bond funds .
It is not clear that these models are very good in the best of circumstances .
If one adds the major shifts caused by declining economic growth , rather than increasing economic growth , the models are likely to be hugely distorted .
7 . I have heard that the US has been spending more than its real income in recent years .
It seems like this will only make the problem of a future decline in real income worse .
In what ways are we overspending ?
There are several ways that we are spending more than our real income :
• We keep adding more and more debt ( personal , business , and governmental ) .
We use debt to finance our expenditures , with the idea that our income will be higher in the future , so we can afford to pay for our expenditures plus interest later .
One example of this is refinancing home loans , and using the equity to pay for current purchases .
• The government has developed programs like Social Security and Medicare that promise payments in the future , that are only partially funded today .
• We defer maintenance on our infrastructure - roads , bridges , pipelines , and electric grid , for example .
• We are depleting our non-renewable resources .
Besides oil , we are depleting our natural gas , so that declining production is expected in North America in a few years .
We are also using water from our aquifers more quickly than it can be replenished , and we are depleting our soil by not returning enough organic matter to it .
• Debt payments are artificially low ,
• We are importing more than we are exporting , resulting in a growing balance of payments deficit .
8 . I 'd like to know more about the last two points .
Tell me first about the US Balance of Payments situation .
US oil production began to drop in 1971 , and the US went off the gold standard the same year .
Since then , the US has been importing increasing amounts of oil and other products .
This increase in imports has not been balanced by an equivalent increase in exports , so our balance of payments is getting more and more lopsided .
Figure 1 : US Balance of Payments , 1970 – 2006
What is happening is the US standard of living is increasingly being subsidized by the deteriorating balance of payments .
In 2006 , this deficit amounted to about $ 2,700 per US resident , or somewhat more than 10 % of US per capita income .
This deficit relates to a wide range of products -- only about 15 % of our imports are currently petroleum products .
US trading partners are becoming increasingly unhappy about this situation , partly because they realize that they are financing a lifestyle Americans cannot really afford .
In addition , many trading partners are becoming aware that world oil production is likely to decline in the next few years .
Peak oil is likely to result in declining real GDP and a much greater chance of default on debt .
Our trading partners do not want to be caught with a lot of worthless debt .
9 . What about the other point in Question 7 , " Debt payments are artificially low " ?
There are several reasons debt payments are artificially low :
• Foreign trading partners in recent years have been using the excess cash they received from the US purchase of imports to buy US debt .
This has helped to keep interest rates artificially low .
This issue is closely tied to the balance of payments situation above .
• Low interest rates set by the Federal Reserve have also tended to keep interest rates low .
• Some new debt products have artificially low teaser rates for the first few years they are effective .
• The charges required for defaults on loans have been calculated in a period of economic growth , so are artificially low .
• Underwriting of loans has often been very loose .
If payments on loans are artificially low , lenders will generally fare poorly .
Such a situation is not sustainable -- In the long term , debt payments ( on all new loans and some existing loans ) are likely to rise , resulting in market contraction and defaults .
10 .
Are there problems with the debt system , over and above the artificially low payments that may cause defaults in the future ?
Yes .
Confidence in the system is being severely tested .
One of the basic characteristics of a debt - based finance system is that there must confidence in the system for it to continue to exist– - otherwise lenders will stop granting credit and the system will come to a screeching halt .
For example :
• Debt products have been put together without adequate concern for protecting the lender .
Home loans were made with initial teaser interest rates and little down payment .
Commercial loans were made without proper covenants .
• Questionable loans were repackaged ( after being sliced and diced ) and resold around the world .
These repackaged loans cannot be valued properly , partly because of the questionable nature of many of the underlying loans , and partly because the valuation system that was planned ( using rating agencies and theoretical models ) works very poorly in practice .
• Off - balance sheet financing of banks makes it impossible to assess a bank 's true financial situation .
Banks are becoming less willing to lend to each other , because they cannot tell what each other ’s actual financial situation is .
Banks lending to other banks are not protected by FDIC coverage , so they are concerned when there may be a risk of default .
11 . What other issues are currently on the horizon ?
The world is finite , and we are reaching its limits in many ways .
Besides energy - related impacts discussed in Part 1 , there are many others :
• There is increased competition for soil and fresh water .
It is not easy to increase production of biofuels , because of competition with food production .
Costs of food and other products tend to rise with scarcity , adding to the overall pressure on consumers , and pushing real economic growth downward .
• Many minerals are becoming harder and harder to extract , because the locations with high concentrations have been mined .
The real cost of mining these minerals is rising , both because of the higher cost of fuel and because of the additional work required to extract these minerals .
• Climate change is becoming a serious issue .
There is a significant possibility that climate change will disrupt food production in not many years .
There is also a possibility of coastal flooding causing significant damage .
12 . How would you sum up what we are seeing here ?
We are facing a world that is already stressed - by a debt market that is not working well , by pressure on limited resources , and by climate change .
In such a world , it does not take much of a change to disturb the debt system , and to cause serious problems with the world monetary system .
Peak oil , or even the squeeze preceding peak oil , is likely to result in a decline in real growth .
Even a slowdown in growth might cause a problem at this point , given the existing problems in the system .
This disruption of economic growth is likely to put pressure on the monetary system , because our monetary system is tied to debt , and debt is easily disrupted by declining economic growth .
The United States is particularly vulnerable to problems because we are living beyond our means and because we are already straining our debt - based system to its limits .
There is a significant possibility of a discontinuity of some type -- either deflation or rapid inflation .
There is even a possibility that our monetary system will fail completely , and need to be replaced .
The long period of economic growth in the past 60 years has lulled analysts of many types into believing that the favorable patterns associated with economic growth will last forever .
It is pretty clear that these favorable patterns are in fact temporary .
Peak oil , or the squeeze preceding peak oil , is likely to result in a rapid change in the financial situation that may have more impact than the decline in oil production itself .
In Part 3 , we will look at the changes that are likely to occur in the years ahead .
This is how our code - breakers at Bletchley must have felt when a fully operational Enigma machine fell into their hands .
After months of guesswork , we finally understand the enemy 's intentions .
This single providential discovery could represent the turning point of the entire campaign .
I am clutching in my hot , trembling hands the most extraordinary document I have come across in eight years of Euro- politics .
It is a letter from the German Chancellor , Angela Merkel , to her fellow EU heads of government .
In it , she proposes a scheme to bring back the European Constitution under a new name - or , as she artlessly puts it , " to use different terminology without changing the legal substance " .
Now this , in itself , is not surprising .
Many of us have suspected all along that the Eurocrats would try to bring back their constitution surreptitiously : I have written as much in these pages .
What is shocking is the brazenness .
Mrs Merkel flagrantly admits that she wants to preserve intact the content of the constitution , making only " the necessary presentational changes " .
These changes mainly involve dropping paragraphs that the voters do n't like , and which are in any case unnecessary because they restate what is in existing treaties .
Thus , Mrs Merkel suggests excising the reference to the primacy of EU law .
Since this concept has been part of EU jurisprudence since 1964 , she reasons , there is no point in rubbing people 's noses in the fact by spelling it out .
She also proposes scrapping the reference to the EU 's symbols .
Again , not a single 12 - star flag will be hauled down as a consequence .
The bands will still strike up Beethoven 's Ninth , bringing a lump to Euro - enthusiast throats ( I 'm afraid that that stirring tune now has much the same effect on me as it has on Alex in A Clockwork Orange , and for the same reason - bad connotations ) .
The change will be , as Mrs Merkel puts it with such admirable frankness , presentational .
Similarly , she has a clever wheeze to " replace the full text of the Charter of Fundamental Rights with a short cross- reference having the same legal value " .
And so on .
The leaking of this letter is calamitous for the Euro - federalists .
Their whole strategy depended on obfuscation , complexity and voter fatigue .
The electorates of Europe might sense that their leaders are up to no good but , so far , they have not been able to hang their doubts on anything specific .
Now , though , they have it in black and white : they are to get the same constitution as before , but without the promised referendums .
Think , for a moment , about how scandalous this is .
After all , Labour 's commitment to a plebiscite did not come as an afterthought .
It was central to that party 's election strategy .
There was a time , back in 2004 , when it looked as though Europe might again dominate British politics , greatly to the detriment of the governing party .
People could see that Brussels was engaged in a huge power - grab .
They could see , too , that other countries were offering referendums .
The Tories and the Lib Dems were demanding the same right for Britain .
Tony Blair feared , with good reason , that , if he did not allow a referendum , voters would treat the 2004 European election and , worse , the 2005 general election as surrogate referendums .
Returning from the Caribbean , tanned , fit and lean , he suddenly announced that he would , after all , let the people decide .
We Tories were left opening and closing our mouths like Appalachian yokels .
Mr Blair 's announcement deprived us at the last minute of what was to have been our main argument .
I remember , as a Euro - candidate in 2004 , having to pulp whole forests of redundant campaign literature .
We duly went down to the worst defeat the Conservative Party has ever suffered - worse even than the catastrophe of 1832 .
Having promised a referendum in two manifestos , and having won office on that basis , Labour will find it hard to explain why it now wants to rat .
The publication of the Merkel letter makes it impossible to pretend that the new text is substantively different from the old one .
No doubt ministers will try , essaying all sorts of sophist arguments to the effect that treaties are different from constitutions , and that the EU is already doing most of the things that the sceptics complain about .
None of it will wash , though .
I hope I never have to give an interview like the one poor Geoff Hoon gave to The World at One last week .
His own mother , had she been listening , would have thought him a terrible fibber .
" What was different about the constitutional treaty , " stammered the hapless Europe minister , " was that it altered the basic relationship between the European Union and the member states , and therefore it was appropriate to have a referendum . "
How painful to re-read those words in the context of the Merkel letter .
Let us be clear : the European constitution amounts to a revolution in how our country is governed , perhaps the most far - reaching since the civil and religious upheavals of the 17th century .
This revolution is taking place not as the result of popular insurrection or foreign occupation , but because the governing party is abusing its majority .
Labour may get its way , in the narrow sense of ramming the new treaty through without a referendum .
But it will pay a heavy price in damage to its reputation , as will the Euro - integrationist cause more widely .
" Vencerán , pero no convencerán , " as Miguel de Unamuno told the Nationalist leaders at the beginning of Spain 's Civil War : you 'll conquer , but you wo n't convince .
Parliament is not the owner of our freedoms , but their temporary and contingent custodian .
If Labour MPs want to give those freedoms away in perpetuity , they should have the decency to ask us first .
If they win , I promise to accept the result with as much good grace as I can muster .
But if they go back on their manifesto promise , they wo n't deserve to be forgiven .
# Daniel Hannan is a Conservative MEP for South East England
Click to view
Last week , the kids at College Humor pulled off what we'd have to consider a prank of epic proportions ; one guy put a fake marriage proposal on the big screen at Yankee Stadium as his friend , the object of the prank , sat agape with his girlfriend , who , amazingly , said " yes " before he had a chance to alert her to the joke .
When we first watched it , it seemed too over - the - top to be real .
But we 've spoken with Amir Blumenfeld , the architect of the prank , and we now can merely salute him .
( We think . )
Watch the video , and then our interview with Amir is after the jump .
What game did you do this at ?
Mariners at Yankees last Wednesday .
The game where A - Rod hit two home runs in the seventh inning .
Streeter would have seen a great ending !
Advertisement
Explain how the pranks progressed to this point of insanity .
It 's hard to say ...
I think the biggest jump actually occurred from the first prank , where Streeter makes me listen to a sex tape of his , to the second prank , where I set him up on a fake date .
Since then it 's just been about finding a way to top the last one .
I try to make sure the next one is either more embarrassing , on a grander scale , or in this case ...
BOTH !
Advertisement
That slap was what made us think it might have been faked .
Slapping seems like something that only happens on Dynasty .
We 've seen the other pranks , so we know how it has escalated .
But we have to ask :
It 's all definitely real , right ?
Yeah , they are real .
The funny part about the slap is , I have the raw footage of it from the close angle and I can't imagine why people accuse it of being fake .
It was more of an open palm hit to Streeters face , but she actually connects with his neck pretty hard and he has no idea it 's coming .
It made a great sound .
As for why she did it , right before she swung at him , Streeter said , " I do n't wanna fucking marry you ! "
If you watch the video again you can clearly hear it .
It was a moment of great passion , and I was thrilled to catch it from two angles .
How well do you know their relationship ?
Did you think she'd be handle it OK ?
How long had they been dating ?
Advertisement
Streeter and Sharon have been dating since college , so they 've been together for about ... three years .
They made it through Prank War 2 ( Streeter basically attempting to go on a date with another girl ) , so I 'm sure they 'll make it through Prank War 6 .
It 's Prank War 8 I 'm worried about .
Just kidding .
Here 's the $ 64,000 question :
Are they still together ?
Did the guy kick your ass ?
Yeah , they 're still together .
Since the prank , Sharon has been hating Streeter less and less and hating me more and more .
But that 's understandable ; the prank was almost as much on her as it was on Streeter .
I kinda felt bad about that .
Advertisement
Would you recommend someone else do this ?
Can this be topped ?
It 's funny , every single prank we release people are like " Oh man !
This can not be topped !
This is the ultimate !
The only way you can top this is if you kill so and so , or plan a fake funeral ! "
But I have always found a way to top the last one , and Streeter has as well .
What makes it exceedingly difficult is that the more we prank each other , the more cautious / paranoid we become .
That 's why Streeter pranked me in May ( Prank War 5 ) , and I had to wait this long to get him back .
I also had to wait for the Mariners to come into town , so it worked out particularly well .
Advertisement
After a few months you let your guard down ... and then , just like that ... you 're done .
By Joe Boyle
BBC News
At the height of his power , Asian warlord Khun Sa , who died this week , commanded an army of thousands and supplied as much as a quarter of the world 's heroin .
Khun Sa trafficked drugs and fought wars with impunity
As the drugs flowed from his fiefdom on the Thai - Burma border during the 1980s , he would play host to journalists and Western tourists , treating them to Taiwanese pop music and boasting of being a " king without a crown " .
A seasoned guerrilla fighter , he once had surface - to - air missiles at his disposal and fended off sorties from national armies .
Even with his back to the wall in the mid-1990s , with Burmese troops advancing and his forces riven by political infighting , he managed to cut an extraordinary deal with his sworn enemy - the Burmese government .
In exchange for his surrender , he was protected from extradition to the US and reportedly given a concession to operate a ruby mine and a transport company - allowing him to live out the rest of his life in luxury in Burma 's main city , Rangoon .
It was a staggering feat of self - preservation from a man whom US officials had nicknamed the " prince of death " and offered $ 2 m ( £ 1 m ) for his capture .
Volatile alliances
Born in 1933 to a Chinese father and a mother from Burma 's Shan ethnic group , Khun Sa 's given name was Chan Chi-fu .
Growing up in the Burmese countryside , he had little education and came of age fighting Chinese nationalist Kuomintang ( KMT ) soldiers , who had been forced out of China by the Communists .
He has delivered as much evil to this world as any mafia don has done in our history
Thomas Constantine
US Drug Enforcement Agency
The KMT rapidly took over and expanded the opium trade in the region , but Chan Chi-fu and his gang gradually began to exert their influence during the 1960s .
Allied with the Burmese government , they are thought to have fought against both the KMT and the Shan nationalists in exchange for being allowed to continue trading opium .
The term Golden Triangle was coined during this period to describe the drug- producing region on the border of Thailand , Burma and Laos .
But Chan soon fell foul of the volatile alliances drug crime engenders .
He had annoyed the government by cosying up to the Shan nationalists , and was thrown into jail in 1969 .
On his release five years later , he took the Shan name Khun Sa and allied himself to the cause of Shan separatism .
Shan ' president '
An already devoted band of fighters was consolidated on the Thai border and eventually became the Mok Tai Army - a fighting force of more than 20,000 troops .
By the 1980s officials estimated that Khun Sa controlled more than half of the opium going through the Golden Triangle - which in turn was said to account for half the world 's heroin .
He once told the Associated Press : " My people grow opium .
And they are not doing it for fun .
They do it because they need to buy rice to eat and clothes to wear . "
But the US Drug Enforcement Agency did not agree .
In 1994 , agency spokesman Thomas Constantine was quoted by Reuters as saying : " He has delivered as much evil to this world as any mafia don has done in our history , "
And like many mafia dons , Khun Sa 's delicate political balancing act eventually began to unravel .
A renewed offensive waged by the Burmese government during 1994 , combined with fierce fighting against the rival Wa hill tribe , was beginning to take its toll on the Shan separatist movement .
With the situation increasingly desperate , Khun Sa made his boldest play .
He convened a Shan " parliament " , attended by hundreds of delegates , and later announced the formation of an independent Shan State - of which he declared himself president .
But control of his own forces had begun to slip , and a faction calling itself the Shan State National Army broke away from the Mok Tai Army in 1995 , accusing Khun Sa of using Shan separatism as a front for drug running .
Facing increasingly determined foes , and with his movement falling apart , Khun Sa did what to many must have seemed unthinkable - he surrendered to the government .
However , he did so on his own terms , ensuring his last decade would be one of peaceful opulence in Rangoon .
During his last years he was awarded the status of an honoured elder by the regime he had fought against for so long , and many Mok Tai Army soldiers became members of the militias that help maintain the repressive junta .
According to his family , Khun Sa died at the age of 74 at his home in Rangoon .
Khuensai Jaiyen , a former guerrilla who fought alongside him for more than a decade , said few Shan separatists would mourn him .
In fact , the ashes of the former warlord would not even be returned to his Shan homeland for burial , he said .
" He thought his tomb might be destroyed . "
BOSTON ( Reuters ) - New Hampshire on Thursday joined a growing list of states to reject a controversial U.S. identification card that opponents say will cost billions of dollars to administer and present a risk to privacy .
The Democratic - controlled state Senate approved legislation to prohibit the Real ID program in a 24 - 0 vote , and Gov. John Lynch said he would sign the bill , which passed the state House of Representatives on April 6 .
New Hampshire becomes the 13th state to oppose the identification card .
Another 22 states are considering similar legislation or resolutions to reject it , according to the American Civil Liberties Union .
“ I applaud the Senate for overwhelmingly rejecting Real ID and for sending a strong message to the federal government , ” Lynch , a Democrat , said in a statement .
“ I look forward to signing this legislation , which will ensure the interests of the people of New Hampshire are protected . ”
The U.S. Congress in 2004 passed a law calling for the national digital identification system .
It is intended as a post - September 11 security measure to make more secure the state - issued driver ’s license that are an ubiquitous form of identification in the United States .
Under the program , states would be required to verify documents presented with license applications and to link their license databases into a national electronic network .
The federal law that created the program did not provide states with funds to carry it out .
“ We are tremendously concerned that everyone ’s most sensitive , personally identifiable information is going to be in a database that is wide open , unprotected and will draw identify thieves like bees to honey , ” said Tim Sparapani , senior counsel at the ACLU .
But backers say the driver ’s license -- a primary means of identification in the United States -- is fundamentally insecure because of widespread identity theft .
Some 227 million people hold drivers ’ licenses or identity cards given out by states , which issue or renew about 70 million each year .
Lawmakers in neighboring Maine passed a resolution demanding repeal of the Real ID Act in January -- making the New England state the first in the nation to do so .
The program would also require states to verify that people receiving the cards are in the country legally , though they would have the ability to issue other forms of driving permits to illegal aliens .
When I visit my parents , I usually take one of the dogs for a walk .
Dorothy and Sylvia are the two creatures that make me most happy in this world , and a walk is the very least I can do to show my gratitude .
And it is on these walks that I reacquaint myself with the neighborhood in which I grew up , show the people from my youth the ease with which I can now grow a beard — that 4 ' 11 " freshman - year - of - high - school Adam is long gone , curb - stomped to death by a posse of raging hormones .
" Yes , my second testicle did descend , Ms. Johnson ! "
I have been known to yell across a street .
" Glad to see your lawn still looks like shit , you old bag . "
Recently , however , I have noticed a disturbing type of woman about my boyhood turf .
She is young , she is good - looking , she is trim , and she is a mother .
But she is not a MILF .
And why not ?
Because she is a terrible mother — and bad parenting is just such a turn - off , mmmkay , girlfriends ?
For as these women sashay their gym bodies around the neighborhood , pushing their fleshy offspring in decorative strollers rather than , I do n't know , talking to their children — pointing out that that 's a stop - sign , that 's a dog , that 's that old banshee Ms. Johnson — they gab the entire time on their cell phones .
Info Baby Einstein
" I do n't know , Beth , I think if we do Pilates first we 'll be fine for hot yoga afterwards .
Besides , that class is with Toby , and Toby 's soooo hot .
Blah , blah , blah , look at me , I 'm a whore .
I 'm driving my husband to the bottle . "
And what happens to the kids in the process ?
They just continue stumbling about like little snotty orbs , frustrated and impatient , so they go to kindergarten and bludgeon some kid with a shovel for his saltines , then grow up and get full - ride scholarships to play lacrosse .
At Duke .
I can hear those women now : " But Adam , you do n't understand .
You do n't have kids ; you can't be expected to spend every second of your life with them .
Sometimes you need to talk on the cell phone and get a piece of your own , separate existence back . "
Well , that 's where you 're wrong : I have had kids .
But I knew I was not at a point in my life where I could dedicate every second to them , so I drove them to the park and set them free .
If our love is true and they come back to me , then I will know that it was meant to be .
And so far , none of them have .
Apparently infants who watch the Baby Einstein DVDs wo n't come back to their parents , either .
Not because they do n't love them , but because they 're too stupid to remember the address .
A recent study by researchers at the University of Washington found that for every hour spent watching programming like the Baby Einstein series , infants understood an average of six to eight fewer words than babies who did n't watch them .
Julie Aigner - Clark , the Denver - area schoolteacher who created the series and then sold it to Disney for $ 20 million and the rights to Walt 's frozen corpse , says right in her profile on the Baby Einstein website that she was trying to give parents a way to interact with their kids and help them learn .
What she did n't count on was legions of fitness lady gangs using her videos to babysit the kids while they work on inflection with rotation alongside Toby .
I sat down to watch the Baby Einstein DVD , with no interaction from my parents whatsoever , and after mere seconds of Discovering Shapes : Circles , Squares and More ! , I could see the harm this type of video could cause an unmonitored baby .
For starters , before the thing even began , right there on the menu screen was an animated scene featuring a rhinoceros and a raccoon .
Raccoons and rhinos together ?
Christ , man , they 're not even on the same continent !
I recall vividly the first day of second grade , when the teacher welcomed us and then administered a one - question quiz :
Do raccoons and rhinos live on the same continent ?
Those who got the answer wrong were immediately rounded up and taken on a short bus to the special - ed classes on the far side of campus .
So congratulations , fitness lady gangs , welcome to life with a child who wears a helmet .
I continued watching the video , a whirlwind of colors , sounds and shapes — but at the clip of a puppet rhino , squirrel , raccoon , giraffe , either a pig or a cow , and three birds emerging from the same tent unscathed , I had to call bullshit .
We should have known something was up when President Bush big - upped Aigner - Clark and the Baby Einstein franchise in his State of the Union address last January .
Any time a president shouts - out the inventor of a DVD for toddlers in the middle of a Vietnam , you know something is askew .
( Turns out Cheney 's been sitting Bush down in front of the Baby Bach series ever since the War on Terror started . )
The bottom line : Parents , you need to talk to your children .
Fitness lady gangs , you need to put down your cell phones and show your children the world .
When your kids are watching TV , try to watch it with them , be their co-pilot .
And if you do n't have time to do that , make your illegal - immigrant nanny do it .
That way you will be a way better mother and , correspondingly , I will find you way more sexiful .
And I 'll start scheduling more trips to walk my parents ' dogs .
Do n't think I have n't noticed how much you 've been working out .
The Myth of War Prosperity
by Rep. Ron Paul , MD
Ron Paul in the US House of Representatives , March 4 , 2003
Mr. Speaker , I want to talk tonight about an economic myth .
There is a longstanding myth that war benefits the economy .
The argument goes that when a country is at war , jobs are created and the economy grows .
This is a myth .
Many argue that World War II ended the Great Depression , which is another myth .
Unemployment went down because many men were drafted , but national economic output went down during the war .
Economic growth and a true end to the Depression did not occur until after World War II .
So it is wrong to think there is an economic benefit arising from war .
There are many economic shortcomings during a war .
During wartime it is much more common to experience inflation because the money presses are running to fund military expenses .
Also , during wartime there is a bigger challenge to the currency of the warring nation , and already we see that the dollar has dropped 20 percent in the past year .
Although there are many other reasons for a weak dollar , the war certainly is contributing to the weakness in the dollar .
Also , during wartime the country can expect that taxes will go up .
I know we are talking about cutting taxes , and I am all for cutting taxes ; but in real terms taxes will go up during wartime .
And it is inevitable that deficits increase .
And right now our deficits are exploding .
Our national debt is going up nearly $ 500 billion per year .
The other shortcoming economically of wartime is that funds , once they are borrowed , inflated , or taxed , once the government spends these , so much of this expenditure is overseas , and it takes away from domestic spending .
So this is a strong negative for the domestic economy .
Another thing that arises during wartime so often is the sentiment for protectionism — and a weak economy in wartime will really build an incentive for protectionist measures , and we are starting to see that , which I think is a danger .
During wartime , trade is much more difficult ; and so if a war comes , we can expect that even our trade balances might get much worse .
There are a lot of subjective problems during wartime too .
The first thing that goes is confidence .
Right now there is less confidence in the stock market and literally hundreds of billions of dollars lost in the stock market in the last year or two , again , due to other reasons ; but the possibility of war contributes to this negative sentiment toward the stock market .
It is hard to judge the future .
Nobody can know the future because of the unintended consequences of war .
We do not know how long the war will last .
How much it will spread ?
So there are a lot of uncertainties about this .
There is fear .
Fear comes from the potential for war and a lot of confusion .
And unfortunately , when wars are not fought for national security reasons , the popularity of the war is questioned — and this may alienate our allies .
And I believe we are seeing some of that already .
There is no doubt that during wartime government expands in size and scope .
And this of course is a great danger .
And after war , the government rarely shrinks to its original size .
It grows .
It may shrink a little , but inevitably the size of the government grows because of war .
This is a danger because when government gets bigger , the individual has to get smaller ; therefore , it diminishes personal individual liberty .
So these are the costs that we cannot ignore .
We have the cost of potential loss of life , but there are also tremendous economic costs that even the best economists cannot calculate closely .
War should always be fought as the very , very last resort .
It should never be done casually , but only when absolutely necessary .
And when it is , I believe it should be fought to be won .
It should be declared .
It should not be fought under U.N. resolutions or for U.N. resolutions , but for the sovereignty and the safety and the security of this country .
It is explicit in our Constitution that necessary wars be declared by the Congress .
And that is something that concerns me a great deal because we have not declared war outright since 1945 , and if you look carefully , we have not won very many since then .
We are lingering in Korea .
What a mess !
We have been there for 58 years , have spent hundreds of billions of dollars , and we still have achieved nothing — because we went there under U.N. resolutions and we did not fight to victory .
The same was true with the first Persian Gulf War .
We went into Iraq without a declaration of war .
We went there under the U.N. , we are still there , and nobody knows how long we will be there .
So there are many costs , some hidden and some overt .
But the greatest threat , the greatest cost of war is the threat to individual liberty .
So I caution my colleagues that we should move much more cautiously and hope and pray for peace .
Dr. Ron Paul is a Republican member of Congress from Texas .
Ron Paul Archives
The Best of Ron Paul
Next week 28 NASA Jet Propulsion Lab scientists ( including William Banerdt , a project scientist on the Mars rover program ) will fight for their right to privacy in the U.S. Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals in Pasadena , California .
They are fighting against Homeland Security Presidential Directive - 12 ( HSPD - 12 ) that President Bush issued in August 2004 .
Policies resulting from the directive requires all federal employees and contractors to " voluntarily " ( JPL employees would be terminated immediately for non-compliance ) sign a form allowing the government the right to investigate them " without limit " for two years - even if they leave government work during that time .
The directive is meant to confirm the identity of all government employees and give them new high - tech badges , the JPL scientists say they have gone too far .
The Union for Concerned Scientists have submitted briefs of amicus curiae in support of the plaintiffs :
UCS [ Union of Concerned Scientists ] is concerned that the background investigations proposed by NASA are wide - ranging , highly personal , and unwarranted in light of the unclassified and non-sensitive nature of the Plaintiffs ' work .
While the investigations purportedly are intended to verify the Plaintiffs ' identities ... in fact the subjects covered by the investigations include a host of irrelevant and personal issues , including credit history , " personality conflict , " physical and mental health and sexual orientation .
The process involves supplying the government names of people who can verify where an employee has lived for each address they have lived at in the last five years .
The government asks these people to fill in a bubble form about the employees psychological stability , financial integrity , drug and alcohol consumption and character .
All of this is done in the name of " protect[ing ] personal privacy . "
But the 1984 - esc " Newspeak " does n't stop there .
UPDATE : NASA says that Shana Dale did not write the alleged memo ( after the jump ) and that the word " badge " is used throughout the official NASA website .
The JPL group has created a non-official website that offers people more information on the issue .
It includes more of the double - speak .
This example is allegedly from NASA Deputy Administer Shana Dale , a lawyer and government appointee .
Refer to the new badge only as a " new ID card "
Do not use these references : PIV , PIV-I , PIV - II , smart card , badge or credential ;
Do not refer to any area of this program as " rigorous " ; Refer to the program as " in response to HSPD - 12 " ; and The badging process may be referred as " badging process " ; .
The website goes to point out that , " Only a lawyer could devise a ' badging process ' that results in no badges being issued . "
The other example is the " mandatory " JPL Rideshare Survey which has no consequence of non-compliance , while the " voluntary " HSPD - 12 carries a consequence of dismissal for non-compliance .
The unofficial website states :
Doug Sanders of the JPL Ethics office states that it is voluntary because the definition of " voluntary " involves a choice , and here there is a choice between terminating employment and complying with HSPD - 12 .
By this reasoning , handing over your wallet to a mugger also would be voluntary when he offers the choice of " your money or your life .
NASA is not the only agency to miss issuing the new cards to its employees by the original October 27th , 2007 deadline .
According to a New York Times piece on the cards , no agency met the deadline - or even came close .
JPL employees faced losing their job if they did not complete the re-badging process by October 27th , yet the Department of Energy has issued only five of the cards to their over 100,000 employees and contractors by that date .
The other agencies had similarly missed the deadline by a large margin , with some , like the Department for Homeland Security itself , which got an extension from the Office of Management and Budget to 2010 .
The Federal Computer Weekly 's October 31 , 2007 story adds :
Dan Stormer of Hadsell and Stormer , which represents the NASA scientists , said in a statement .
“ This is another egregious example of the Bush administration 's assault on the constitution .
Our clients are exemplary employees who have spent their work lives bettering this country .
This shows the court will not stand by and let this attack on the right to privacy take place .
This unlawful requirement allows unknown government officials to ask all manner of questions about people 's personal lives , including their personal
and mental state .
It is exceptionally broad and completely unnecessary .
Court grants injunction on HSPD - 12 background checks for NASA plaintiffs [ Federal Computer Weekly ]
Appeals court stops some NASA HSPD - 12 background checks [ Federal Computer Weekly ]
Little Progress on Government - Wide Smart Card Initiative [ New York Times ]
Fear of God
Gerhard Schroeder , the former German chancellor , has written in a new book that George W. Bush ‘s frequent references to God in their meetings before the Iraq war had made him wary of Mr. Bush ’s political decisions .
Mr. Schroeder also suggested that America ’s Christian conservatives are not much different than Islamists who impose their beliefs on entire nations .
Mr. Schroeder wrote in an advance excerpt of his memoirs that Germany had stood by its vow of “ unlimited solidarity ” after the September 11 attacks .
But Germany stayed out of Iraq , causing a breach in U.S. - Germany ties .
He wrote in “ Decisions : My Life in Politics , ” excerpted yesterday in Der Spiegel magazine , that he was alarmed by Mr. Bush ’s talk of God , which made him fear religion influenced decisions .
“ What worried me , despite a relaxed atmosphere to our talks , and to a certain degree what made me skeptical was how much it came through that this president saw himself as ‘ God- fearing ’ and saw that as the highest authority , ” Mr. Schroeder wrote .
Mr. Schroeder , a Social Democrat who left politics after his party lost a 2005 election to end his seven years in power , said he had no qualms with Mr. Bush ’s Christian faith , but could not escape a fear that religion was a driving force behind his decisions .
The former chancellor also took aim at America ’s Christian conservatives , Reuters news agency reports .
“ Quite rightly , we criticize that in most Islamic states the role of religion in society and the secular character of the legal system are not clearly separated , ” he said .
“ But we have n’t taken note as readily of the U.S. Christian fundamentalists and their interpretation of the Bible that show similar tendencies . ”
Unshackled
“ We see where the Democrats are laying in cases of champagne to celebrate their Nov. 7 victory in the congressional elections .
If as seems possible control of the Senate turns on a single seat , attention will return to one probable winner who likely wo n’t be in the Democratic clubhouse spraying bubbly that night — Joe Lieberman , ” Wall Street Journal columnist Daniel Henninger writes .
“ Sen . Lieberman is going to defeat the Ned Lamont ‘ insurgency ’ from the Democratic left .
Now what ? ” Mr. Henninger asked .
“ His lead in the most recent polls runs between 8 and 13 points .
It is safe to assume that if the Democrats win next month , they wo n’t be urging reporters to focus on the Lieberman victory in Connecticut .
This was n’t supposed to happen .
“ What was supposed to happen is that Joe Lieberman was supposed to go away .
After Ned Lamont defeated Mr. Lieberman in the primary , a procession of his Senate friends traveled ostentatiously to Connecticut to re-create the scene in ‘ Godfather II , ’ where Tom Hagen tells Frank Pentangeli about how marked guys went away in the time of the Roman Empire .
‘ Yeah , ’ said Frankie , ‘ and their families were taken care of . ’
Hagen : ‘ A nice deal . ’
“ That was a movie .
Instead of a political corpse , the Democratic Party is about to get its own version of John McCain — a shrewd and independent maverick .
By the accounts of friends and associates , Joe Lieberman feels ‘ liberated ’ and ‘ unshackled . ’ ”
Surprise probe
“ Did a Democratic member of Congress improperly enlist the support of a major pro-Israel lobbying group to try to win a top committee assignment ?
That ’s the question at the heart of an ongoing investigation by the FBI and Justice Department prosecutors , who are examining whether Rep. Jane Harman of California and the American Israel Public Affairs Committee ( AIPAC ) may have violated the law in a scheme to get Harman reappointed as the top Democrat on the House intelligence committee , according to knowledgeable sources in and out of the U.S. government , ” Timothy J. Burger reports at www.time.com.
“ The sources tell Time that the investigation by Justice and the Federal Bureau of Investigation , which has simmered out of sight since about the middle of last year , is examining whether Harman and AIPAC arranged for wealthy supporters to lobby House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi on Harman ’s behalf .
Harman said Thursday in a voicemail message that any investigation of — or allegation of improper conduct by — her would be ‘ irresponsible , laughable and scurrilous . ’
“ On Friday , Washington GOP superlawyer Ted Olson left voicemail messages underscoring that Harman has no knowledge of any investigation . …
“ It is not , however , a given that Harman would know that she is under investigation , ” Time reports .
McCain ’s kin dies
Sen .
John McCain ’s mother - in - law died yesterday morning after a long illness .
Marguerite Hensley passed away peacefully with her daughter — Mr. McCain ’s wife , Cindy McCain — at her side , said Melissa Shuffield , a spokeswoman for the Arizona Republican .
Mrs. Hensley was the wife of James Hensley , founder of Hensley & Co. , the Phoenix - area Anheuser - Busch distributor .
James Hensley died in June 2000 .
Texas ‘ push ’?
In former Rep. Tom DeLay ’s Texas district , Libertarian candidate Bob Smither has accused Republicans of operating a “ push poll ” that suggests voters must choose between Democrat Nick Lampson and Republican write - in candidate Shelley Sekula - Gibbs .
A recording of a poll call — at www.bobsmither.org — captures a caller who identifies herself as representing “ Southern Research ” asking , “ If the election were held tomorrow would you vote for Shelley Sekula - Gibbs , the Republican , or Nick Lampson , the Democrat ? ”
“ This incident represents the latest in a pattern of deceptive polling by the Sekula - Gibbs campaign , ” said Kevin Tunstall , Mr. Smither ’s campaign manager and vice chairman of the Texas Libertarian Party .
“ Sekula - Gibbs seems to be intent on denying the fact that Bob Smither is actually on the ballot and she is not . ”
Blog grenade
Ignorance is bliss , and Bill O’Reilly says President Bush is blissfully unaware of the rhetorical savagery perpetrated on the Internet by some partisan bloggers .
On his Fox News Channel show , “ The O’Reilly Factor , ” last week , Mr. O’Reilly was interviewing University of Virginia political scientist Larry Sabato , who commented on “ the vitriol , the vile nature of the comments ” on some political blogs .
“ I know for a fact that President Bush does n’t know what ’s going on in the Internet , ” Mr. O’Reilly responded , describing many bloggers as “ hired guns . ”
“ These are people … being paid very well to smear and try to destroy people , ” he said .
Mr. O’Reilly concluded , “ I have to say President Bush has a much healthier attitude toward this than I do .
Because if I can get away with it , boy , I ’d go in with a hand grenade . ”
 Greg Pierce can be reached at 202/636-3285 or gpierce@washingtontimes.com .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Podcast
The ooPSLA podcast brings you up to speed on topics covered at this year 's conference .
Episodes include coverage of notable tutorials , workshops , technical papers , essays , invited talks , and Onward ! events .
The podcast is co-produced with Software Engineering Radio and DimSumThinking .
All podcast episodes are licensed under a Creative Commons 2.5 License .
Subscribe to this podcast
Episode 24 : Keynote — Pattie Maes
published October 25 , 2007
Speakers : Pattie Maes
The oo PSLA 2007 keynote series closed with Pattie Maes talking about Meta -Objects for the World Around Us .
Her talk was a fitting bookend to Kiczales 's address in the morning , as Maes described ongoing work at the MIT Media Lab to make available all of the information available to people when they need it as they live their lives — " users " using data and services in context .
Maes 's topic also offered a fitting close to oo PSLA , which has always ultimately been about making the world a better place through programs , systems , languages , and applications .
download / play MP3 | help listening
( runtime : 0:47:02 , 21.5 MB )
Episode 23 : Keynote — Gregor Kiczales
published October 25 , 2007
Speakers : Gregor Kiczales
The third and final day of oo PSLA 2007 began with Gregor Kiczales speaking about a theme that has underlay his work throughout the years , from the metaobject protocol and objects to aspect - oriented programming : the role played by context in how people see software when they come to it as developer , user , maintainer , and extender .
His keynote address was titled Context , Perspective and Programs .
download / play MP3 | help listening
( runtime : 1:14:40 , 34.2 MB )
Episode 22 : Keynote — David Lorge Parnas
published October 24 , 2007
Speakers : David Lorge Parnas
A day of pioneers speaking at oo PSLA 2007 ended with another seminal thinker in software engineering , David Parnas , talking about Precise Software Documentation : Making Object Orientation Work Better .
In keeping with one of the longstanding themes of his work , Parnas argues that for a true separation of concerns , one that extends to documents we create for programmers and for people who will never read our code .
download / play MP3 | help listening
( runtime : 1:39:57 , 45.8 MB )
Episode 21 : Keynote — John McCarthy
published October 24 , 2007
Speakers : John McCarthy
The oo PSLA 2007 keynote series continued with John McCarthy , the creator of Lisp and a pioneer of so many fundamental ideas in programming languages .
He spoke on one of his recent language projects , Elephant 2000 : A Programming Language Based on Speech Acts .
download / play MP3 | help listening
( runtime : 1:14:35 , 34.1 MB )
Episode 20 : Keynote — Frederick Brooks
published October 24 , 2007
Speaker : Frederick Brooks
The second day of oo PSLA 2007 opened with a keynote by computing pioneer Frederick Brooks , the author of the classic The Mythical Man-Month .
His talk is on Collaboration and Telecollaboration in Design .
download / play MP3 | help listening
( runtime : 1:22:07 , 37.6 MB )
Episode 19 : Keynote — 50 in 50
published October 23 , 2007
Speakers : Guy Steele & Richard Gabriel
The first day of oo PSLA 2007 ended with treat , Guy Steele & Richard Gabriel talking about the lessons we can learn from Programming Languages past in 50 in 50 .
If you 've ever attended a talk by either Steele or Gabriel at an oo PSLA , then you know that their " talks " are so much more .
This is the one oo PSLA keynote that probably loses some of its impact as a podcast , but we think you 'll want to hear it for its content !
download / play MP3 | help listening
( runtime : 1:26:25 , 39.6 MB )
Episode 18 : Keynote — Second Life
published October 23 , 2007
Speakers : Jim Purbrick & Mark Lentczner
The third oo PSLA 2007 keynote of the opening day is by Jim Purbrick & Mark Lentczner , the creators of the increasingly influential Second Life .
Their talk is titled Second Life : The World 's Biggest Programming Environment .
download / play MP3 | help listening
( runtime : 1:28:32 , 40.5 MB )
Episode 17 : Keynote — Kathy Sierra
published October 23 , 2007
Speaker : Kathy Sierra
The second oo PSLA 2007 keynote features author , teacher , and A - list blogger Kathy Sierra , on Creating Passionate Users .
download / play MP3 | help listening
( runtime : 1:22:23 , 37.7 MB )
Episode 16 : Keynote — Peter Turchi
published October 23 , 2007
Speaker : Peter Turchi
For the first time , oo PSLA is podcasting its keynote talks .
Watch this page for the full line - up !
Opening the conference is acclaimed poet Peter Turchi , with Once Upon a Time , Like Never Before : The Challenge of Telling the Next Story .
download / play MP3 | help listening
( runtime : 1:24:55 , 38.9 MB )
Episode 15 : The Eclipse Technology Exchange
published October 15 , 2007
Guest : Cheryl Morris , Alex Orso , Li-Te Chang , Martin Robillard
Host : Martin Lippert
Over the last few years , Eclipse has grown from a simple little IDE into a platform for developing software that can be used at many levels of complexity .
At OOPSLA 2002 , IBM announced the first round of Eclipse Innovation Grants , which funded 49 academics and researchers to do explore the uses of Eclipse in their work .
These projects expanded the base of the software platform , but it also created something just as valuable : personal experiences growing and using Eclipse for teaching and research .
Then , at OOPSLA 2003 , the grant recipients presented their results in the first Eclipse Technology Exchange ( ETX ) workshop .
This year , the organizers return to oo PSLA for the fifth workshop in the series .
It will be held on Sunday , October 21 , the first day of workshops and tutorials .
This year 's workshop will focus on the use Eclipse as a platform in teaching and research .
It provides academics and researchers an opportunity to share their results and to help others to build on these experiences .
In addition to experience reports , the fifth ETX offers an opening keynote address by Jeff McAffer , IBM Rational , titled " Equinox -- Trends in Eclipse as a Runtime " .
Jeff leads the Eclipse Equinox OSGi team in " forging new ground for Eclipse as a runtime " , seeking to do for the server what Eclipse has already done to client - side tool development .
In this podcast , Martin Lippert of Software Engineering Radio chats with the organizers of the 2007 ETX organizers at oo PSLA -- Cheryl Morris ( IBM Toronto ) , Alex Orso ( Georgia Tech ) , Li-Te Chang ( IBM Cambridge ) , and Martin Robillard ( McGill University ) -- to talk first about the history of the ETX workshops and poster sessions and then about some of the exciting elements of this year 's workshop program .
download / play MP3 | help listening
( runtime : 19:51 , 9.1 MB )
Episode 13 : Aggressive Learning
published October 1 , 2007
Guest : Ted Neward
Host : Daniel Steinberg
Anyone who develops software for a living , or who works for an organization that does , knows the challenge of keeping up with changes in technology .
Tools change .
Methodologies change .
Frameworks change .
Languages change .
For us , change is a central fact of life .
Even when a software developer is not being driven by change , she faces a daunting task .
The world of computer science is big , as is the world of software development .
No matter how much we know , there is more to know .
So you 've mastered OOP -- what about functional programming or logic programming ?
You are a Java or Smalltalk guru , but what about Scheme or Erlang ?
The more tools we have in our toolbox , the better prepared we are for our next task .
The more kinds of things we know , the better we can use use the tools in our toolbox .
Ted Neward is a software developer facing these challenges head - on .
He has been aggressively learning several new languages of late , expanding his repertoire .
Later this month , he 'll be at ooPSLA , too .
Anyone who has ever attended ooPSLA knows that it is the best conference around for adding tools to your toolbox and new ideas to your thinking .
This year is no exception .
Neward himself is contributing to the mix od new ideas at ooPSLA with two tutorials : one with Erik Meijer on LINQ , and one with Martin Odersky and Gilles Dubochet on Scala .
Each of these tutorials teaches new tools , as well as new ways of thinking .
Listen to this podcast to hear Daniel Steinberg of DimSum Thinking talk with Neward about aggressively learning new ideas , about adding tools to your tool box , and about why he likes Scala so much .
download / play MP3 | help listening
( runtime : 21:28 , 9.8 MB )
Episode 12 : Using FindBugs in Anger
published September 24 , 2007
Guest : Bill Pugh
Host : Daniel Steinberg
Bill Pugh , a computer science professor at the University of Maryland , is on a quest .
As an academic , it is sometimes too easy to lose touch with the issues that face software developers in the trenches .
He does n't want to fall victim to this risk .
Then again , folks who know Pugh 's work would never suggest that he has .
Pugh is the author of a program called FindBugs , a static analysis tool for detecting errors in Java programs .
It has famously found several interesting bugs in the JDK standard libraries .
This past , summer , Pugh worked at Google to help integrate FindBugs into its development environment and improve its code base .
FindBugs is a great example of " accidental research " ...
Work on techniques for compressing Java class files produced utilities for doing static analysis of source code , which ultimately found a new application in detecting standard classes of errors that we programmers make in our code .
You do n't have to be Google to benefit from FindBugs or Pugh 's expertise .
Along with his colleague David Hovemeyer , he will teach a tutorial at ooPSLA titled Using FindBugs in Anger .
In this tutorial , you 'll learn how to incorporate FindBugs into your software development process , with an emphasis on solving issues that arise on projects with large code bases and multiple developers .
Topics include differential analysis , for studying changes in the code base since the last build or release ; persistent auditing ; and annotations .
In this podcast , Pugh joins Daniel Steinberg of DimSumThinking to chat about static analysis tools , his own FindBugs tool for Java , and how to use such tools most effectively in improving the quality of your code base .
download / play MP3 | help listening
( runtime : 21:48 , 10.0 MB )
Episode 11 : Unit Testing Patterns
published September 17 , 2007
Guest : Gerard Meszaros
Host : Martin Lippert
Perhaps the greatest contribution of the agile methods community to software development has been the practice of automated unit testing : the writing of tests by programs that help to specify , document , and verify the code in our systems .
Automated unit tests make possible other practices , such as refactoring and collective code ownership , and they help us to ensure a high - level of qaulity in our product .
Tests are great , but we must keep in mind that they are code , too .
The test suite grows over time , and without care we can run into the same sort of problems with our tests that we encounter in our code .
Unlike production code , however , our tests sometimes feel optional , in that the team might think it can stop writing and maintaining tests when the perceived costs begin to exceed the perceived benefits .
Gerard Meszaros , a developer and consultant with 25 years experience in software and a nearly a decade of experience in agile methods , wants to help teams avoid this calamity .
He has documented his understanding of unit test suites in a comprehensive set of patterns for writing , monitoring , and maintaining test code .
In this regard , Meszaros will teach an ooPSLA tutorial , titled Unit Test Patterns and Smells : Improving Test Code and Testability Through Refactoring .
This tutorial , presented as a case study , teaches the best practices -- and " not so best practices " -- of unit testing as a set of patterns and as a set of smells for recognizing when the suite is going astray .
Listen to this podcast to hear Martin Lippert of SE Radio talk with Gerard about unit testing , the Nunit family of automated testing frameworks , and how to keep your test suites as clean and valuable to you as your production code .
download / play MP3 | help listening
( runtime : 33:49 , 14.6 MB )
Episode 10 : Agile Software Development on a Global Scale
published September 10 , 2007
Guest : Jutta Eckstein
Host : Daniel Steinberg
Agile software development methods grew up in a context of in - house development , collocated teams , and relatively shared cultural expectations .
This made their emphasis on face - to - face communication and common code ownership .
But these days , software development is as likely to be developed by international teams as it is by teams sitting in the same room .
Terms such as " outsourcing " , " offshoring " , and " nearshoring " indicate the degree to which agile software developers must work in a context rather different from the one in which their methods have been honed .
Over the last decade , Jutta Eckstein , of IT Communication in Germany , has developed a wealth of experience developing object - oriented applications in large organizations , precisely the ones most likely to develop software with distributed , international teams .
She has identified ways in which it is possible for such teams to overcome the challenges that global software development , as well as the success factors for implementing an agile software development process within such constraints .
Eckstein will teach a tutorial at ooPSLA , titled Agile in Face of Global Software Development , that shares this experience with conference attendees .
In this podcast , Eckstein joins Daniel Steinberg of DimSumThinking to talk about how agile software development in the face of trends toward global teams .
She offers concrete suggestions for overcoming problems of distance , culture , and time zone in implementing agile approaches .
download / play MP3 | help listening
( runtime : 21:35 , 9.9 MB )
Episode 9 : Garbage Collection and Transactional Memory
published September 3 , 2007
Guest : Dan Grossman
Host : Markus Völter
Programming languages researcher Dan Grossman from the University of Washington works on making programs safe in the context of shared memory and multi-core processors .
Such research operates both at the language level and at the level of the hardware , which gives researchers such as Grossman a wide perspective on the techniques we use in building safe , reliable software systems .
At ooPSLA , Grossman will deliver an essay titled The Transactional Memory / Garbage Collection Analogy , which offers an intriguing analogy : transactional memory is to shared memory concurrency as garbage collection is to memory management .
An essay is a different sort of paper that ooPSLA offers .
Grossman wo n't break new technical ground in his talk ; instead he will offer a new perspective on topics that we all deal with and explore the implications of thinking in this new way .
Listen to this podcast to hear Markus Völter of SE Radio chat with Dan about shared memory concurrency , memory management , and how thinking about the relationship between them can enrich our understanding of both -- and how this can improve the way we build software .
download / play MP3 | help listening
( runtime : 24:46 , 11.3 MB )
Episode 8 : Domain - Specific Modeling
published August 27 , 2007
Guest : Juha Pekka - Tolvanen
Host : Daniel Steinberg
Every application domain has its own language .
It has vocabulary , rules , and constraints .
Historically , we have written software by implementing these vocabulary terms , rules , and constraints in a " high - level language " such as C++ or Java , or using a modeling language such as UML .
What gets Juha Pekka - Tolvanen of MetaCase out of bed every morning is a desire to improve in a fundamental way the productivity of software developers .
He draws inspiration from studies that show it possible to achieve 500 % to 1000 % improvements -- not just in the speed of development , but also in the quality of the software produced .
At ooPSLA , Pekka - Tolvanen will lead the The 7th OOPSLA Workshop on Domain - Specific Modeling , along with Jeffrey Gray ( University of Alabama at Birmingham ) , Matti Rossi ( Helsinki School of Economics ) , and Jonathan Sprinkle ( University of California , Berkeley ) .
This workshop will share community experience using domain - specific modeling for software development .
Among the topics of the workshop are experience reports from industry and academia , the creation of metamodel - based languages , novel approaches for code generation from domain - specific models , issues in supporting and maintaining systems built with DSMs , and tool support .
Papers range from typical information technology domains to hard - core scientific areas such as nuclear physics and the simulation of chemical processes .
In this podcast , Juha joins Daniel Steinberg of DimSumThinking to talk about the process and benefits of creating domain - specific models , the results of last year 's workshop , and what is in store for this year 's workshop .
download / play MP3 | help listening
( runtime : 17:11 , 7.9 MB )
Episode 7 : Gary McGraw on Security
published August 20 , 2007
Guest : Gary McGraw
Host : Michael Kircher
Software security is an issue that everyone faces but that not everyone gets right .
Sometimes , our languages programming claim to provide us a level of security that they cannot deliver .
Fortunately , folks like Gary McGraw , the CTO of Cigital , have studied software , language technology , and security .
McGraw defines software security as " how to approach computer security if you are a software developer or architect " .
In his experience , the best way to build secure software is to have the people who build our systems think carefully about security while they are building them .
Security is part of both the system 's architecture and its implementation .
At ooPSLA , McGraw -- a globally - recognized authority on software security and the author of six best selling books on this topic -- is teaching a tutorial called Software Security : Building Security
In that will present a detailed approach to getting past theory and putting software security into practice .
The tutorial will give a lesson in applied risk management and then present a number of software security best practices .
Listen to this podcast to hear Michael Kircher of SE Radio chat with Gary about software security , patterns of attack on software , and some of the most timely issues in security as applied to on - line games .
download / play MP3 | help listening
( runtime : 22:37 , 10.4 MB )
Episode 6 : Agile Unlimited
published August 13 , 2007
Guest : Jens Coldewey
Host : Dan Steinberg
Agile software development has been around for a while .
Through experimentation and practice , we now know how to develop software in a way that values people over process and working code over talk .
In many domains and contexts , agile development is an accepted way to build software .
How can we adapt agile methods to contexts in which they 've not traditionally been used ?
Can we do that and succeed ?
Developers in some contexts face different challenges .
On some projects , teams are widely distributed across the globe .
In others , developers work on embedded systems or other systems with high reliability demands , in which detailed up - front specification are the norm .
In these contexts , agile methods can be harder to apply , because we have less experience applying them there .
But they can work .
People are trying and succeeding .
At ooPSLA , noted patterns and agile methods expert Jens Coldewey is leading a workshop called Agile Unlimited ?
that will gather folks to discuss their experiences applying agile methods beyond the traditional boundaries .
Participants will discuss the key issues , share patterns of success , and raise unanswered questions .
How flexible must one be with methodology ?
What elements of agility must one retain in order to succeed ?
What new practices help ?
In this podcast , Jens joins Daniel Steinberg of DimSumThinking to talk about agile development and its application outside the traditional walls that industry -- and we ourselves -- sometimes erect around it .
download / play MP3 | help listening
( runtime : 14:33 , 6.7 MB )
Episode 5 : Software Architecture
published August 6 , 2007
Guest : Michael Stal
Host : Bernd Kolb
Every system has an architecture -- even if you just start writing code .
As systems grow in size , importance , and responsibility , though , Siemens ' Michael Stal believes that a systematic approach to defining and nurturing the shape of a system is the only way to ensure that the system meets all of its requirements .
These include not just the explicit requirements understood by the client and developer , but also the implicit requirements that often go undocumented .
At ooPSLA , Michael is offering a pair of tutorials aimed at helping us all understand how to design and implement high - quality systems .
His tutorials are titled High Quality Software Architecture and Software Architecture Refactoring .
Yes : you can refactor your software architecture as part of improving the performance of your system .
Michael will show you how .
Listen to this podcast to hear Bernd Kolb of SE Radio chat with Michael about software requirements , software architecture , and how to lay the foundation of high quality software .
download / play MP3 | help listening
( runtime : 25:04 , 11.5 MB )
Episode 4 : Ruby
published July 30 , 2007
Guest : Glenn Vanderburg
Host : Daniel Steinberg
The Ruby programming language has taken the software world by storm , first as a scripting language that puts objects at the developer 's fingertips , and then via the influential and increasingly popular Rails web development framework .
Programmers who come from statically - typed languages to Ruby are astounded at their newfound productive .
Programmers who come from other dynamically - typed languages are pleasantly surprised to find their favorite features in Ruby , designed well and easy to use .
Becoming an accomplished user of Ruby takes a little practice , as the programmer encounters the many features available and learns to use the new idioms it provides .
One way to jump - start the learning process is to study a bit with a master .
To this end , ooPSLA is offering a tutorial called " An Introduction to Ruby " by accomplished Rubyist and teacher Glenn Vanderburg .
In this podcast , Glenn joins Daniel Steinberg of DimSumThinking to talk about Ruby , some of the advantages of making Ruby your " go to " language , and some of the ways that Ruby will expand how you think about programming and programming languages .
download / play MP3 | help listening
( runtime : 19:18 , 9.2 MB )
Episode 3 : MiniPLoP at OOPSLA
published July 23 , 2007
Guests : Linda Rising , Joe Yoder , and Bob Hanmer
Host : Daniel Steinberg
When the seminal book Design Patterns made its public debut at ooPSLA 1994 , the world of software developers changed forever .
Soon everyone wanted to learn patterns and , even better , write patterns -- to document their knowledge of what software to build , and how .
That same year , a new sort of conference debuted as well , Pattern Languages of Programs , with the express purpose of helping pattern authors improve their work through writers ' workshops .
It is now 2007 , and PLoP continues to provide this opportunity for pattern writers , as does its spin - off conferences in Europe , Scandinavia , and elsewhere .
The patterns community has always had a close relationship with ooPSLA , for historical reasons and because many of the more forward - thinking folks in software development find themselves working at ooPSLA .
Last year , this relationship took a new form when PLoP 2006 co-located with ooPSLA in Portland .
While PLoP 2007 returns to Allerton Park , this year 's ooPSLA again offers folks a touch of PLoP .
ooPSLA and PLoP stand - outs Linda Rising , Bob Hanmer , and Joe Yoder have organized two workshops that collectively make up Mini-PLoP :
a Pattern Writing Bootcamp for those who are new to patterns and the software patterns community , and
a Writers Workshops for Papers in Software Development , for authors and non-authors to workshop current works in progress .
Listen to this podcast to hear Daniel Steinberg of DimSumThinking chat with Linda , Bob , and Joe about patterns , pattern writing , and the excitement of Mini - PLoP at ooPSLA .
download / play MP3 | help listening
( runtime : 20:56 , 10.0 MB )
Episode 2 : The Scala Experience
published July 16 , 2007
Guest : Martin Odersky
Host : Markus Völter
ooPSLA regulars know that the conference is n't about only objects .
Many programmers know that there are paths to increased productivity that are orthogonal to objects .
If objects are not a silver bullet , where do OO programmers turn ?
Language designer Martin Odersky is in the vanguard that studies how to augment OOP with techniques from the world of functional programming .
These techniques offer ways in which OO programmers can program even more powerfully .
Among Martin 's earlier work , the Pizza and GJ extensions of Java influenced the development of Java 1.5 .
His most recent work is on Scala , a programming language that " tries to achieve a fusion of object - oriented and functional programming , while remaining compatible with mainstream platforms such as Java and .
NET .
Scala is a new general - purpose programming language that is fully interoperable with Java , offers strong , static typing , and yet allows a terseness of style comparable to scripting languages .
At ooPSLA , Martin is offering a tutorial with colleagues Ted Neward and Gilles Dubochet titled The Scala Experience : Programming with Functional Objects .
This tutorial will give an introduction to Scala , highlighting its main innovative features : closures , pattern matching , type abstraction , and mixins .
In this podcast , Martin joins Markus Völter of SE Radio to talk about what it 's like to program in Scala .
download / play MP3 | help listening
( runtime : 26:46 , 19.2 MB )
Episode 1 : No Silver Bullet
published July 5 , 2007
Guests : Dennis Mancl , Steven Fraser , and Bill Opdyke
Host : Markus Völter
Objects were not the silver bullet to solve all of our problems building software .
Why not ?
Are there silver bullets on the horizon ?
ooPSLA regulars Dennis Mancl , Steven Fraser , and Bill Opdyke have been thinking about these and many related questions for a number of years .
They have also been working in industry to come up with better answers .
At ooPSLA 2007 , Dennis , Steven , and Bill are leading a workshop titled No Silver Bullet : A Retrospective on the Essence and Accidents of Software Engineering in which participants will explore what we have learned about complexity in building software .
In this podcast , they join Markus Völter of SE Radio to discuss silver bullets and software development .
download / play MP3 | help listening
( runtime : 23:38 , 16.2 MB )
Help Listening to the Podcasts
You can listen in one of two ways :
Play in Browser .
If your web browser has been configured to play audio content , you may be able to click or left - click on the download / play link above and have your browser play the MP3 file directly .
Download to Computer .
You may download the audio file directly to your hard drive for listening in your audio player of choice .
Right - click ( Windows ) or control - click ( Mac ) on the download / play link above .
Mr Bush wants a Middle East peace deal by the end of 2008
He warned of a " South African - style struggle " which Israel would lose if a Palestinian state was not established .
Mr Olmert was returning from the Annapolis conference in the US where he and Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas pledged to launch formal peace talks .
The two leaders set a goal of reaching a peace deal with US support in 2008 .
If the two - state solution collapses , and we face a South African - style struggle for equal voting rights , then the State of Israel is finished
Ehud Olmert
Reactions to Annapolis
Mr Olmert said it was not the first time he had articulated his fears about the demographic threat to Israel as a Jewish state from a faster growing Palestinian population .
He made similar comments in 2003 when justifying the failed strategy of unilateral withdrawals from Israeli - occupied land which holds large Palestinian populations .
" If the day comes when the two - state solution collapses , and we face a South African - style struggle for equal voting rights , then , as soon as that happens , the State of Israel is finished , " Mr Olmert is quoted saying in Haaretz newspaper .
New monitor
After the ceremonies at Annapolis and the White House , the US appointed former Nato commander Gen James Jones as its new Middle East envoy .
" Building security in the Middle East is the surest path to making peace in the Middle East , " US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice said of his appointment .
" Gen Jones is the best individual to lead our efforts in this essential endeavour . "
Mr Bush promised to use American power " to help you as you come up with the necessary decisions to lay out a Palestinian state that will live side - by - side in peace with Israel " .
According to the agreement , the Israeli and Palestinian leaders will meet every other week and teams of negotiators led by a joint steering committee will meet on 12 December .
HAVE YOUR SAY Ignoring Hamas and the Iranian regime could increase their popularity in the Arab world
Shahram , Isfahan
Send us your comments
There have been angry protests in the Gaza Strip , controlled by Hamas , and the West Bank since the summit .
Expectations had been low as representatives of more than 40 countries and international agencies gathered in Annapolis ahead of Tuesday 's conference .
But in a joint statement concluded with only minutes to spare before the conference formally opened , the two sides agreed to launch negotiations for a treaty " resolving all outstanding issues , including all core issues without exception " .
Both sides have said those " core issues " will include the thorny so - called " final - status issues " - the future of Jerusalem , borders , water , refugees and settlements - which have scuppered previous attempts at a peace deal .
Claim : Television news coverage of the 2007 Malibu fire displayed risqué closed captioning .
TRUE
Example : [ KABC - TV , November 2007 ]
Is this a real news screen shot ?
Is this a real news screen shot ?
Origins :
Most viewers who frequently watch television with closed captioning ( CC ) enabled have likely noticed that the captioning does n’t always match the audio .
This sort of mismatch can occur for a number of reasons :
In recorded programs , it may be because the script provided to the captioner was altered before production was completed , because the program was later
edited , or because an actor / speaker spontaneously departed from the script .
As well ,
captions may sometimes be edited to accommodate audiences with lower reading levels or slower reading speeds .
Live broadcasts can present captioners with additional problems :
Multiple speakers may talk at the same time , external noise may render some speech inaudible or otherwise
difficult to understand , and some words and phrases used by speakers may be unfamiliar to the captioner .
And , since live audio is typically captured phonetically via stenotype or stenomask machines , with the output instantly translated into text by computer , unusually - spelled items such as foreign words , place names , and proper names can sometimes end up being rendered quite oddly in the captioning .
( The French term laissez faire , for example , might end up in English captioning as “ lassie fare . ” )
As we sat glued to television news coverage of the Malibu fire on the morning of Saturday , 24 November , 2007 to see if our area was in danger ( fortunately , winds blew the conflagration away from us and towards the ocean ) , one or more of these factors produced some rather amusing ( and risqué ) captioning .
As a reporter from Los Angeles ’ KABC - TV was explaining how important it is for residents to evacuate fire areas when asked to do so because such prompt compliance allows firefighters to deal with just the fire and not also with “ people in the middle of the road evacuating , ” the captioning ( as shown in the still frame displayed above ) reflected a distinctly different climax to that statement .
Politico.com
by Mike Allen
Former White House press secretary Scott McClellan names names in a caustic passage from a forthcoming memoir that accuses President Bush , Karl Rove and Vice President Cheney of being “ involved ” in his giving the press false information about the CIA leak case .
McClellan ’s publisher released three paragraphs from the book “ WHAT HAPPENED : Inside the Bush White House and What ’s Wrong With Washington . ”
The excerpts give no details about the alleged involvement of the president or vice president .
But McClellan lists five top officials as having allowed him inadvertently to mislead the public .
( Source )
Last Tuesday , the New York Times ran a front - page story on the diminishing allure of gay enclaves in the United States .
The next day , the San Francisco Chronicle published a Page 1 story explaining how same - sex couples in California are a lot more socioeconomically and ethnically diverse -- read : less white and less wealthy -- than you might believe .
The Williams Institute at UCLA Law School will release a report today by demographer Gary Gates that all but poses the question :
Is gay the new straight ?
Gates ’ research on U.S. Census data drives home a point that the gay vanguard has been wrestling with for a while :
The hedonistic , transgressive , radical ethos ( and stereotype ) that once characterized gay culture does n’t represent reality anymore .
The decline of urban coastal gay communities , the increase in the gay population in the interior U.S. and the overall diversification of the gay population are facts .
What ’s more , Gates argues , these trends are a function of the growing acceptance of homosexuality among the American public .
Acceptance ?
Really ?
Has Gates forgotten about the 45 states that have laws or constitutional amendments barring same - sex marriage , or the anti-gay discrimination bill that is stalled in Congress and faces opposition from the White House ?
Not at all .
There is , he says , a vocal , virulent -- and sometimes violent -- anti-gay movement , but it does n’t negate decades of opinion surveys that show a marked increase in tolerance in most Americans ’ attitudes toward gays and lesbians .
In 1998 , for example , a Gallup poll found that only 33 % of Americans thought that homosexual relations between consenting adults should be legal .
By 2007 , that figure had risen to 59 % .
Advertisement
Growing acceptance of homosexuality means a decline in social stigma associated with same - sex relationships , and a consequent shift in the politics of coming out .
The more people come out , the more accepting people are around them , and the more accepting the public becomes , the more people come out .
Gates ’ study shows that the number of openly gay couples in the U.S. has quadrupled since 1990 , and the biggest increases are in the country ’s more socially conservative areas .
Utah is the poster state .
Between 1990 and 2006 , for example , it went from having the 38th - highest concentration of same - sex couples in the country to 14th highest .
In that same time period , the percentage of gay couples who lived in large cities declined from 45 % to 23 % .
Even more counterintuitive , from 2000 to 2006 , states that banned same - sex marriage had above - average increases in the number of gay couples .
And places where voter referendums went against same - sex marriages saw even larger increases .
Some of the growth in the number of openly gay couples in conservative areas could be because of migration .
And yes , some on - the - barricades members of the gay rights movement have gotten older and mellower and moved out to the heartland .
But the larger trend is simply that as more gays come out , they do n’t need to change or assimilate to fit into the mainstream because they are already very much a part of it .
Advertisement
“ The demographic characteristics of the gay population are converging with those of the mainstream , ” Gates says .
If you ’re from a state like Utah or Nebraska , chances are you ’re going to share a lot with your neighbors whether you ’re straight or gay : “ They ’re rural , ” Gates says , “ they ’re religious , and they ’re Republican . ”
So what does this all mean for American culture at large ?
“ Society is beginning to say that being gay is not such a big deal , ” Gates says .
“ What that means for gays is that homosexuality wo n’t have the centrality to their identity it once did .
Being gay then becomes one of a variety of an individual ’s competing identities . ”
In other words , as the challenges associated with coming out diminish , so does the primacy of the identity that that act of self - discovery and self - assertion once forged .
It means that the culture once associated with gay identity becomes less distinctive from the mainstream .
Advertisement
Gates does n’t believe that these trends spell an end of gay “ associational ” life .
The process he ’s describing is not unlike the one experienced by so many immigrant or minority groups in America that fought against discrimination , moved beyond their enclaves and then felt a little sad that they lost the embracing sense of uniqueness and community that they once enjoyed .
As gays meld into the broader population , places like West Hollywood and the Castro district in San Francisco will inevitably lose some of their appeal .
As more gays come out in more places , the diversity of homosexual politics and lifestyles will come out with them , and the tolerant will multiply .
For some of the pioneers from the edgy , embattled , ecstatic “ good old days , ” this may be bittersweet .
“ But is n’t that what everyone wanted 20 years ago ? ” Gates asks .
“ Just to be treated like everyone else ? ”
grodriguez@latimescolumnists.com
© All Rights Reserved .
Please do not distribute without written permission from Damn Interesting .
It has long been observed ⁠— though not scientifically ⁠— that women seem to show a vague preference for men who are already spoken for .
This observation is known as the wedding ring effect , and there are numerous competing theories as to why it may be .
Some suggest that the wedding ring is a cue that a man is “ safe , ” a passing opportunity for empty flirting ; while others theorize that the female psyche sees the ring as an indication that another woman has deemed him worthy .
There is also the possibility that the increase in feminine attention is purely imagined , a way for a married man to reassure himself that he ’s still got “ it ” ( or for that matter , that he ever had “ it ” to begin with ) .
It is weighty philosophical matters like these which have plagued civilization since its inception , but like so many of the great riddles , the answer may be found in a fish⁠ — in this case in a little matter called guppy syndrome .
The animal kingdom analog of the wedding ring effect is called the guppy syndrome because it was in the guppy that it was first documented .
Perhaps it is more properly called mate - choice copying .
To observe the effect one takes a large tank filled with female guppies , and adds about the same number of relatively indistinguishable male guppies .
It does n’t take too long for the guppies to get adjusted to the new environment and , like any society , they soon begin mating .
As is true with most species , it is the females who determine who gets to score , and an odd thing occurs : despite the fact that the males are all pretty much alike , some guys get all the luck , and others are spurned .
Why are the females all lining up to mate with a small , eclectic group of males ?
Is there a subtle physical difference that the females are basing their choices upon ?
Is there something in their social countenance ?
Are some of the males just too smart to make good mates ?
In 1996 when this effect was first identified , a myriad of cruel scenarios were introduced to discover what was happening⁠ — for some reason , many scientists have a keen interest in finding out what makes individuals more attractive to the opposite sex .
Generally a female guppy is attracted to a male with more color , but they found if a female is given the choice between a lonely but very colorful male and a lesser - colored but actively mating male , she ’ll go against norms and choose the male with less color .
When a group of females are separated and allowed to watch a male and female going at it , that male is generally quite popular with the ladyfish when everyone is allowed to mingle again ; this holds true even after more males are introduced .
There are a couple of theories as to why this happens .
Perhaps the sight of unabashed sexual congress drive the females into a frenzy of passion .
Maybe the females assume that the male ’s previous partner had discovered some inconspicuous yet crucial quality that made him a superior mate .
Or perhaps practice is the key to being a good mate , and females will always pick the male they know has put in some hours .
Mate - choice copying can be observed in several species of fish and birds , but the real question is : can we extrapolate this behavior to humans ?
Fish are n’t known for their intelligence , rationale , or discrimination , so there are plenty of people who say that one can see this happening in people too .
In a singles ’ bar one might observe that there is a group of men who receive the lion ’s share of courting , but that ’s as far as the analogy dares to go .
In the night club there is no uniformity among the men , nor are there any controls over the assertiveness of potential suitors ; there is very rarely copulation in full view of all the attendees .
Those pesky “ scientific ethics ” hinder any effort to reproduce the Guppy Syndrome with humans in a controlled environment .
Since no one is willing to replicate the circumstances of the guppy syndrome for people , one can only speculate about the contortions a human mind makes in mate - choice copying .
The Wedding Ring Effect is one such contortion , but once again those damnable ethics bar us from doing any really sordid testing .
In one disappointingly tame attempt to study this , a woman was sent to sit in a bar for a long time .
Sometimes she wore a wedding ring , and others not .
Observers tracked how often she was approached .
Their findings suggested that heterosexual human males do n’t pay attention to jewelry ⁠— whether or not she brandished a wedding band made little difference in terms of philandering frequency .
Another , better - devised experiment was conducted where women were shown a series of photographs and asked to indicate which man they preferred .
The moderately creepy cards had similar men ’s faces on the left and right , and a woman ’s face in the center ; in each she was looking at one of the men , and wearing either a smile or a neutral expression .
After perusing the array , the women generally indicated that the men receiving the virtual positive feminine attention were the more desirable .
So it seems there is some guppy in us and our mating techniques , though it ’s hard to say just how much .
So far , only one practical application of the data has arisen : in the wild one might sometimes spy a guy in a white lab - coat brandishing a life - sized portrait of a woman ’s face that smiles toward him .
Thanks to steady march of scientific progress , the fish - probing researcher of today just might be the ladies ’ man of tomorrow .
WILLS POINT , Texas – Entomologists are debating the origin and rarity of a sprawling spider web that blankets several trees , shrubs and the ground along a 182 - metre stretch of trail in a North Texas park .
Officials at Lake Tawakoni State Park say the massive mosquito trap is a big attraction for some visitors , while others wo n't go anywhere near it .
" At first , it was so white it looked like fairyland , " said Donna Garde , superintendent of the park about 72 kilometres east of Dallas .
" Now it 's filled with so many mosquitoes that it 's turned a little brown .
There are times you can literally hear the screech of millions of mosquitoes caught in those webs . ''
Spider experts say the web may have been constructed by social cobweb spiders , which work together , or could be the result of a mass dispersal in which the arachnids spin webs to spread out from one another .
" I 've been hearing from entomologists from Ohio , Kansas , British Columbia – all over the place , " said Mike Quinn , an invertebrate biologist with the Texas Parks and Wildlife Department who first posted photos online .
Herbert A. " Joe " Pase , a Texas Forest Service entomologist , said the massive web is very unusual .
" From what I 'm hearing it could be a once - in - a - lifetime event , " he said .
But John Jackman , a professor and extension entomologist for Texas A&M University , said he hears reports of similar webs every couple of years .
" There are a lot of folks that do n't realize spiders do that , '' said Jackman , author of A Field Guide to the Spiders and Scorpions of Texas .
" Until we get some samples sent to us , we really wo n't know what species of spider we 're talking about , " Jackman said .
Garde invited the entomologists out to the park to get a firsthand look at the giant web .
" Somebody needs to come out that 's an expert .
I would love to see some entomology intern come out and study this , " she said .
Park rangers said they expect the web to last until fall , when the spiders will start dying off .
TheGardenLady received this question from Yoonsin Park :
I live in a condo with a small patio .
Due to that I can only have container plants .
I do n’t want to get larger & larger containers as the plant grows .
I just want to get one container and the plant to retain itself in it .
What is the best way to do that ?
Container growing is one of the hottest methods of having an outdoor garden .
There are a profusion of books on the subject .
Amazon.com lists 1514 books on container growing .
One authority on the subject is Sydney Eddison whom TheGardenLady had the good fortune to hear lecture and see the slide show of her container garden .
Read this article by Eddison .
This summer at the Perennial Plant Conference at Swarthmore College I had the pleasure of hearing , seeing her slide show and meeting , briefly , Rita Randolph of Randolph ’s Greenhouses in Jackson , Tennessee .
Rita ’s canvases are her containers which she sells ; some you can see on her website .
There are so many choices of plants when making container gardens that TheGardenLady suggests that you start checking out some of the books or articles .
But to get you started TheGardenLady will make a few suggestions .
There are many plants that you can use but you want slow growing plants .
Also , you have to be sure that the plants are hardy to overwinter in your area .
And you have to know if you want sun loving or shade loving plants depending on how your patio is located .
You can buy your container already planted with plants of your choice or you can create your own container garden .
First , you can always grow containers using annuals or treating perennials as annuals and when the first heavy frost comes , you can just compost the plants or throw them out .
My neighbor does this and has a magnificent show of impatiens blooming all summer long .
However , if you want perennials TheGardenLady will start you off with a few ideas .
Just remember that living things have a way of growing .
So even if you choose midget or slow growing perennials you might have to repot them once every 3 or 4 years .
If you want something of a taller interest consider miniature and dwarf conifers .
These grow very slowly with the added advantage that they can stay outdoors all year long and can be decorated in the winter for Christmas or just with food for birds .
Conifers can be handsome alone or in the summer you can put some colorful annuals around the base that are discarded at the first frost .
Consider a bonsai tree for the container .
Many trees and shrubs can be made into bonsai .
Visit places like the National Arboretum in Washington DC or Longwood Gardens in Kennet Square , PA to look at bonsai trees to try to see if you would like a bonsai on your patio .
You can learn to make your own bonsai .
Bonsai is an art practiced by the Chinese and Japanese for years – ( see here for some history of the bonsai ) .
The GardenLady took a class at Rosade Bonsai after seeing their work at the Philadelphia Flower Show .
Another suggestion is to use alpine plants or rock garden plants .
You can mix and match .
A site that tells you the names and heights of some of these small and slow growing plants is The Garden Helper .
One alpine family that TheGardenLady suggests is the Sempervivum ( means always grows ) family .
This family has such interesting , charming , tough plants and will even flower for you .
They are easily grown especially in sunlight .
You can combine them into an interesting and unusual container show .
And the last suggestion is to consider Mini and small hostas for a container .
“ They like being in containers ” says Walter Cullerton of Oxford Gardens in PA .
They love shade and come in a variety of green leaf colors with white or purple flowers - some fragrant .
A few that Walter Cullerton , founder and past presiden of the Tri-State Hosta Society , recommends are the minis : Hosta Stilleto , Hosta Lakeside , Hosta venusta and the small hostas : are Summer Music , Peace , Allegan Fog .
Unless you are growing a solo tree , know that it is most interesting to combine plants when you can .
Michael Ruggiero who teaches at the NYBotanical Gardens says you should remember the words Thrill , Fill and Spill when creating a container garden .
Plant something tall in the center of the pot for the Thrill , something low in the pot for the Fill and something that hangs over the pot rim for the Spill .
Related Content :
ATLANTA , Georgia ( CNN ) --
The state of Georgia , stricken by months of drought , confirmed Friday that it will sue the Army Corps of Engineers .
A view of the East Point Reservoir in Lithia Springs , Georgia , in 2006 ...
Georgia Gov. Sonny Perdue had said Wednesday the state would seek an injunction forcing the Corps to stem the flow of water from Lake Lanier , Atlanta 's primary water source .
The Corps administers the lake , which supplies most of the water to Georgia 's capital and feeds the Chattahoochee River , which winds through three states .
Rainfall in the area is about 15 inches below normal for the year .
Atlanta Mayor Shirley Franklin said , " This is dire , severe , extreme drought . "
In the city of Atlanta and surrounding counties , outdoor watering is banned except for a few commercial uses .
The state is looking into which businesses would be forced to cut back water use if the drought worsens .
Planet in Peril Anderson Cooper , Animal Planet 's Jeff Corwin & Dr. Sanjay Gupta explore the Earth 's environmental issues in a CNN worldwide investigation .
October 23 - 24 at 9 p.m. ET on CNN see full schedule »
The Army Corps of Engineers says there is about a three - month supply of water left in Lake Lanier , which is 15 feet below its capacity .
The corps -- under an agreement reached in the 1980s with U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service , the state and downstream users -- releases 5,000 feet of water per second from the dam between the man -made lake and the river .
The figure was based on a Florida hydroelectric power plant 's needs , as well as concern for endangered species in the river , including mussels and sturgeon .
But officials from the U.S. Fish and Wildlife officials told CNN that no one knows exactly what flow is needed to keep the mussels or the sturgeon alive .
Perdue calls the current water flow policy a " nonsensical action . "
" We should n't have to fight this out in court , " Franklin said Thursday .
" We do n't want to hurt [ the cities and businesses ] downstream but we'd like to see some middle ground and hope people would join with us . "
Watch Franklin describe how bad the problem might become »
Do n't Miss Corps considers limiting discharges
Corps considers limiting discharges Drought spreads
But even if an agreement is reached soon , the mayor said her city , which has doubled in population since 1980 , needs to do a better job of conserving water .
Franklin also admitted that the Atlanta area did little to add to storage facilities during years of recent explosive growth , but says the city has now purchased a stone quarry to be developed into a new reservoir .
Atlanta is spending $ 4 billion to fix the city 's water infrastructure .
According to Franklin , 14 percent of the city 's pipes , many of which date back to the 1890s , leak .
Though the mayor says the percentage of leaky pipes has dropped each of the last six years .
But the remaining repairs will take four to five years and wo n't address the current crisis .
Atlanta may soon have to resort to drastic action like some other Southeastern towns have already taken .
In Siler City , North Carolina , residents and businesses have been ordered to cut water use by 50 percent or face penalties .
Many restaurants and schools are serving meals on paper plates so they do n't have to wash dishes .
Two poultry plants have cut production by one day a week to curtail water use and are also trucking water in for other uses .
The town of Orme , Tennessee , also trucks in water , three times a week -- for everybody .
" We are high and dry , " Mayor Tony Ream said .
Meanwhile , Franklin has enacted her own personal measures .
" I 've cut the time in the shower , " she said .
" I do n't wait for the water to get hot .
I kinda shiver for a few minutes .
" I put a bucket in it and I use that collected water to water the two flowers I would like to save . "
E-mail to a friend
Rusty Dornin contributed to this report .
To obtain shellfish , it ’s often required dredging the sea floor .
That ’s a particularly nasty proposition , because it destroys reefs harboring complex ecosystems .
And at the same time , it ’s not particularly energy - efficient , and the damage done tends to also damage the shellfish recovered .
However , a new type of non-invasive dredge is changing that ( at least for scallops ) :
However , in one case — scallop trawling — Cliff Goudey of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology reckons he has a solution .
He and his team have designed a dredge that can dislodge scallops without touching the seafloor .
The dredge has several hemispheric scoops in place of the toothed bar .
As it is pulled along , the scoops direct water downward .
That creates a series of gentle jets that can shuffle the scallops from their resting places — but the streams of water are not powerful enough to damage the benthic zone ’s long - term tenants .
And the scoops swivel out of the way if they encounter anything solid , so the dredge does not destroy such protuberances .
Best of all , from the fisherman ’s point of view , it takes less effort to float a dredge on water jets than it does to drag it across the uneven surface of the seabed .
That makes Dr Goudey ’s new device a more fuel - efficient way to fish than the traditional method .
Having assessed a prototype both in a laboratory tank and in the sea off the coast of Massachusetts , Dr Goudey was recently invited by the University of Wales to test his invention against a traditional dredge .
New and old designs were dropped from the stern of a trawler and towed across the seabed off the Isle of Man .
They each caught the same number of scallops .
The new dredge , though , damaged the catch much less than the traditional one .
Most of what humans do is considered damage to the environment , at least by the strongest of environmentalists .
And unfortunately , with the old dredging technique , they have somewhat of a point .
There was very little way to capture the externality of damage done to the environment .
So the environmentalists resort to their only tactic : ban it immediately .
But look at what happens when the market is able to innovate ?
They find a better way of doing it .
It catches the same number of scallops , so it ’s just as effective .
It uses less energy , so it makes more money .
And even better , it causes less damage to the scallops , so they can likely be sold for a higher price ( earning more money ) .
So fishermen make more money , the environment is not damaged , and consumers get higher - quality scallops .
We ’ve all become richer– due to capitalism .
Global warming , alternative energy and green tech news and analysis , with special green reports .
Myth # 1 was debunked by Ron Paul .
He is set to become the top fundraiser among Republicans this quarter and he is n't getting anywhere near the coverage of Rudy Giuliani , Mitt Romney , John McCain and at this point Mike Huckabee .
Ron Paul has been raising more money than John McCain for a long time now .
Yet , I still see John McCain being discussed as a legitimate candidate for president , albeit one whose chances are shrinking ( but at least he 's " legitimate " and " credible " ) .
On the other hand , the Ron Paul stories are mainly curiosity pieces .
As in , " Is n't that curious how much money that fringe candidate Ron Paul raised ? "
The answer you 'll get in private from folks in the media is , " But you know he 's not going to win ! "
No , you know that .
Apparently , many other people do n't agree .
And God knows what would happen if the press gave them all equal coverage and pretended to be anywhere near objective when analyzing all of the candidates .
There is far more " fringe candidate " bias in the media than there is liberal or conservative bias .
Once the media decides you 're a fringe candidate , you better create miracles to overcome that .
Which brings us to Mike Huckabee .
What happened , I thought you could n't be a legitimate candidate if you did n't raise a ton of money ?
Huckabee raised the paltry sum of $ 764,000 in the second quarter .
He has averaged less than a million dollars in the last two quarters .
These are ridiculously low numbers and ... he now leads in Iowa .
Is n't this proof positive that judging candidates by their bankroll is not a credible way of determining their " legitimacy " ?
I know that it's hard to give nine people all the same amount of coverage and the press has to make some judgment calls .
I just want those judgment calls to be guided by some modicum of reason and evidence , rather than what the conventional wisdom dictates .
Because obviously the conventional wisdom is wrong .
Watch The Young Turks Here
The Crystal Coast Republican Men ’s Club faithful were all smiles as they gathered at a restaurant to listen to their candidate for North Carolina ’s 3rd Congressional District .
But the warm reception was n’t for the Republican who since 1995 has represented this stretch of coast from the Virginia state line to the sprawling Marine base at Camp Lejeune .
Rep. Walter B. Jones Jr. , a soft - spoken , deeply religious man who two years ago turned against the Iraq war , was not there .
The GOP activists dining on fried fish were cheering Joe McLaughlin , a county commissioner and retired Army major who has launched a hard - charging bid to dispatch Jones in next year ’s primary by highlighting Jones ’ votes against the war .
“ His is a message of despair , a message of defeat , ” McLaughlin told the appreciative crowd as he derided Jones , accusing him of abandoning the troops , President Bush , even talk - show host Rush Limbaugh .
Advertisement
Jones , who has never had a primary challenge but is being abandoned by GOP officials across his district , is not alone .
Across the country , other Republican lawmakers who have broken with over the war are under fire from party loyalists .
The revolt could cost Jones and a handful of other members of Congress their seats next year .
It also helps explain why the stalled Democratic legislative campaign to end the war is unlikely to revive any time soon .
Despite months of pressure , no more than eight Republican lawmakers in the House and Senate have backed any measure that mandates a troop withdrawal .
And GOP strategists predict that is unlikely to change .
Advertisement
“ Republicans have to be cognizant of where their base is , ” said pollster Bob Wickers , whose company has worked with Republican candidates in a dozen states in recent years .
While most Americans want U.S. troops out of Iraq , Republicans remain solidly behind the president and the war .
A recent CBS News survey found 58 % of Republicans approve of the way Bush is handling the war , compared with just 5 % of Democrats and 20 % of independents .
GOP politicians have defied that sentiment at their peril .
In Maryland , Rep. Wayne Gilchrest -- who like Jones has backed Democratic proposals to set a timeline for withdrawing troops -- faces a well - funded Republican challenger .
So too may congressmen in Florida and South Carolina who opposed the president ’s increase of troop levels .
Advertisement
Sen .
Chuck Hagel of Nebraska faced a primary challenge from the state ’s attorney general , who got into the race as Hagel escalated his criticism of the president ’s conduct of the war .
Hagel announced last month that he wo n’t run for reelection next year .
Not long ago , many political strategists believed public opinion would push Republicans to join the legislative campaign to end the war , rather than resist it .
When the war debate intensified this year with the president ’s January announcement that he would send 28,500 additional troops to Iraq , many Americans were skeptical of the Bush strategy ; surveys showed that more than two - thirds opposed the plan .
And in February , more than two dozen Republicans in the House and Senate crossed the aisle to support nonbinding resolutions opposing the president ’s “ surge ” plan .
Advertisement
Yet , even as public support for a congressionally mandated withdrawal grew -- by March , most Americans wanted a withdrawal deadline -- Republican support never materialized on Capitol Hill .
In July , only four voted for a withdrawal bill in the House and just four backed a similar measure in the Senate .
By September , nearly united GOP opposition had all but assured that there would be no more legislation this year aimed at forcing the president to change strategy in Iraq .
The resistance of Republican lawmakers stunned many political observers .
But it largely reflected the opposition of rank - and - file Republicans , particularly the most conservative who vote in party primaries .
In Nebraska earlier this year , pollster Wickers found that Atty .
Gen. Jon Bruning ’s lead over Hagel among Republican primary voters jumped from 9 to 24 points when respondents were told of Hagel ’s criticism of the president and his support for Democratic - sponsored withdrawal legislation .
Advertisement
Nationally , roughly two - thirds of Republicans oppose forcing the president to follow a timetable to withdraw troops , according to Tony Fabrizio , a longtime GOP pollster who has worked on numerous House and Senate campaigns .
“ Republicans do n’t have much to gain by changing positions , ” Fabrizio said .
Some who have done so are paying a price .
In Florida , Rep. Ric Keller was labeled a “ white flag Republican ” by talk - show host Hugh Hewitt after he voted in February for the nonbinding resolution opposing the president ’s troop surge .
Keller potentially faces two primary challengers , even though he has opposed every Democratic withdrawal plan .
There is talk of a possible primary challenge to South Carolina Rep. Bob Inglis .
He also voted for the nonbinding resolution in February but has remained loyal to the party line since .
Advertisement
Gilchrest , a Vietnam War veteran who has represented Maryland ’s conservative 1st Congressional District since 1990 and strongly opposes the war , is trying to fend off a challenge from a state senator who has targeted Gilchrest ’s war votes and won the backing of numerous GOP officials , including former Gov. Robert L. Ehrlich .
All year , Gilchrest has unabashedly voted for Democratic legislation that would mandate a troop pullout .
“ Some may fear there is a political price to be paid , ” Gilchrest said in an interview outside the House chamber .
“ Some may think they have to follow the commander in chief and Congress has no real responsibility in making military decisions or foreign policy decisions .
I completely disagree with that . ”
In North Carolina , Jones is equally unapologetic .
Shaking hands and posing for photos with Boy Scouts at the annual Scuppernong River festival in tiny Columbia , N.C. , the congressman dismissed the notion that Republican voters might drive him from office in the party primary next May .
Advertisement
“ The Kool - Aid drinkers , those who do n’t know the truth , who only hear the half - truths and the opinions of a Rush Limbaugh , they believe it .
But I know too many ” voters , Jones said .
“ When my days end in Congress , I would rather be able to say I did what was right for America , rather than my party did this , my party did that . ”
On a Main Street that runs past a historic brick courthouse and Confederate war memorial and dead - ends in the swamp forests that cover this isolated region , Jones has his defenders .
Durwood Cooper Jr. , a real estate broker whose family has farmed in Tyrell County for generations , said he would back Jones next year , even though he disagreed with the congressman on the war .
“ I ’m open to his viewpoint , as I would hope he ’s open to mine , ” Cooper said , noting that Jones ’ loyalty to his district counts for more than his votes against the war .
“ Some people get elected and it becomes a job .
With Walter , it ’s a service . ”
Advertisement
But service has a distinct meaning in a congressional district that is home to more than 50,000 active - duty Marines and traces its martial history back centuries .
At the Old Burying Ground in the nearby historic port of Beaufort , the story is told of a British sailor who died at sea in the 18th century and was buried standing up in full uniform because he wanted to face the king of England .
And today , money is being raised for a Vietnam War memorial to be built outside Camp Lejeune , next to a wall that commemorates the 241 servicemen killed when the Marine barracks in Beirut were blown up in 1983 .
Jones , who served in the National Guard as a young man , has tried to honor the sacrifices of those killed in Iraq by writing letters to the families of every dead service member , a ritual that has taken on a penitential quality for him .
Advertisement
But his decision to openly repudiate the Iraq war , in part by joining forces with liberal lawmakers such as Rep. Dennis Kucinich ( D - Ohio ) , has not gone over well with voters for whom opposition to the war amounts to a betrayal of the troops .
And it is helping McLaughlin , who has emblazoned his campaign signs with “ Support the Troops ” to rally veterans , elected officials and business leaders from across the district to his side .
Peter Grimes , a retired Marine colonel with a son who is being deployed to Iraq , is one of those who will support McLaughlin next year .
“ You get elected to represent the constituency that put you there , ” said Grimes , standing by the Beirut memorial as a warm , fall breeze blew leaves off the trees .
“ Walter has lost touch with our community . ”
Advertisement
noam.levey@latimes.com
Sport
Lance
This film tells the story of the cyclist ’s rise out of Texas as a young superstar .
You get a mini-storm on the Internet .
That 's what happened over the last day or so when a story , originally written by Computerworld and repurposed by The Times , reported that Mozilla would let 80 percent of existing bugs still in the Firefox 3.0 Beta remain in the browser when it ships .
Firefox developers are crying foul and decrying any claim that a dangerously buggy browser would ship to market .
" We 've already fixed over 11,000 bugs and features in Firefox 3 and now we 're discussing how to handle the remaining 700 issues we wanted to get fixed for Firefox 3 , " writes Asa Dotzler , a Mozilla community coordinator .
( Note : Some profanity is included in Dotzler 's post at the link . )
The Mozilla community that builds the Firefox web browser is open in its dialogue about what works and what does n't work about the browser , which now owns anywhere between 15 percent and 30 percent of the world 's browser market share .
Last week , Mozilla evangelist and former board member Christopher Blizzard raised eyebrows by acknowledging Firefox ' long - known " memory leak " problems were one of the top priorities it faced .
Mike Shaver , a Mozilla technology strategist , tries to take some other numbers and expand the story in a more positive way :
" Of course , we want to get Firefox 3 out to users soon , because there are tens of thousands of improvements there : better support for web standards , speed and memory improvements , great new productivity features , safety and security features , straight - up bug fixes , lots of UI polish , and powerful new APIs for extension developers .
But we also need - - which trumps the ' want ' of soon , as you would expect - - to make sure that we ship a product that 's good enough for a quarter - billion users ( on our current growth curve , we could easily see that many people using Firefox during Firefox 3's lifetime ) , that 's worthy of the name Firefox , and that we 're all proud to send into the world .
Many of us worked on Netscape 6 , so we take this pretty seriously . "
So for those keeping track on Firefox 3.0 , that 's 11,000 bugs , about 700 bugs still remaining , 250 million users during its lifetime , for a product that will be given away for free .
MTV Refuses To Air * Buy Nothing Day * Ad Posted by Pile ( 8640 views ) [ E - Mail link ]
[ Activists ]
Adbusters , in order to call attention to rampant consumerism , has been promoting the idea of " Buy Nothing Day " on November 23rd .
They wanted to run their advertisement on MTV but the network refused !
See the controversial ad MTV was too chicksh*t to run , and consider not being a consumer sheep on November 23 .
From Adbusters :
MTV , the channel that markets itself to hip youth , has decreed that our Buy Nothing Day public service spot " goes further than we are willing to accept on our channels " .
Gangsta rap and sexualized , semi - naked school girls are okay , but apparently not a burping pig talking about consumption .
If you object to this sort of corporate censorship , why not send them a message now ?
When
North America : 23rd November , 2007 International : 24th November , 2007
Despite a recent , high - profile UN warning that human - created climate change is " unequivocal " and may bring about " abrupt and irreversible " environmental problems , MTV Networks in the United States has refused to sell airtime for commercials promoting a major international eco-friendly event .
Send MTV a message !
pirates and terrorists
Posted by fredimerc on 2007- 11- 22 01:54:47 Global warming and the sky is falling fosil fuels and alternative fuels .
Pigs and gasaholics parawords to ponder .
In the third grade they taught us the earth axis has a slight wabble and this causes unpredictable weather patterns and over millions of years ice ages and deadly cycles have been and will always be a part of life on earth .
There are humans who will always use nature eclipses sunami hurricanne lightning fire etc as part of there whitch craft to deceive and mislead for their own self purposes : the modern day politician , the jornalist who needs a hot story , the salem witch hunts , The pirates of the Ivory coast , and now we have the enrons and exxons who deceive us and mislead us from alternative clean fuels using phony shortages and data to keep us on the hook .
Use your head and think what you would do to keep an enemy off guard , distract them with wars and fear of soon to come calamity " global warming " hurricanes , floods .
All reasons to gouge and destroy our economy ?
What did we learn from the pirates at Enron ?
We learned that as soon as we stopped giving them our money they were gone in three days .
Our money .
NO money No Enron .
We made a change happen over night !!
Do you get mad seeing the damage fuel gouging is diong to our country ?
A war in Iraq is robbing our future and killing Americans .
Is it possible that we could use our money as a weapon to put another energy pirate out of business and show the leaders of gouging we will take them out one by one until they give us fair prices , alternative fuels .
and services that do not destroy natural resources .
By the way who s paying for the war our enemies are fighting ?
Where does all the money come from to kill and mame our soldiers .
Who s going to pay us back for the investment we have made in the middle east .
Are we being distracted by those who are building there bankrolls .
I read the stock exchange and in this country EXXMO is my first pick .
Wake up stop being distracted by the BS !!
The money in your pocket is your weapon to bring change and peace .
Start today
Dont use your money at companies that lead the pack in gouging .
think before you use your weapon .
Lets put the pirates out with Enron .
Posted by ueberbill on 2007 - 11- 26 11:33:41
That was the craziest stream of consciousness post I 've ever read .
Name : ( change name for anonymous posting ) Title : Comments : 1 Article displayed .
Lot 111
Very Rare and Unusual Sixteen - Shot Brass - Barreled Ring - Trigger Percussion Pepperbox Pistol by M. Cerwenka , c. 1860
3 1/4 - inch brass barrels , farmed of a single piece of brass , each barrel with a slight taper ( an arrangement or orientation pointing them towards a fixed point some distance from the shooter ) , inscribed on one barrel M. CERWENKA , each engraved at breech with numbers surrounded by scroll - work , floral engraved muzzles , the barrels mounted with a loading - rod , iron - breech with tang engraved with a hunter and his game , walnut grip set with brass plates , ring - trigger .
Condition : Very good , with wear overall , brass with fine aged patina .
Provenance : Frank Horner Collection
The Pictorial History of the Underhammer Gun by Herschel Logan , 1960 ; front cover and p. 169 .
The Thirty - Five Years Scrapbook by Theodore Dexter .
American Society of Arms Collectors Bulletin # 29 , pg 25 .
American Society of Arms Collectors Bulletin # 43 , pg 49 .
Estimate : $ 10000 - $ 20000
Gregg Martin Auctions
What were they thinking ?
Did the Democrats who decided to extend the campaign season with a year of frenetic barnstorming really believe that would turn more people on to politics or was it just another fundraising gambit ?
As the race drones on , as the mainstream turns into a mudstream , cynicism and tune - out deepen .
It 's a reaction to what Time Magazine once called , " electotainment , " an ongoing televised carnival in an age of hyper partisanship , in which the corrosive spirit of polarization between Democrats and Republicans has now led the Dems to polarize themselves .
The ONION caught the vibe with a headline : " AMERICANS ANNOUNCE THEY'RE DROPPING OUT OF PRESIDENTIAL RACE . "
Among the factors these satirists hone in on is a lack of stamina for an 18 month marathon horse race and exhaustion with " relentless media scrutiny . "
I would modify that to " tired of self - promotional media exploitation " and anchor - pimping / corporate news brand - building with staged events that do little to engage us with real choices and issues , but instead provide on - air " talent " with another chance to show how much smarter they are than everyone else .
Marshall McLuhan thought everyone craved fifteen seconds of fame .
Many newscasters are now face - time hogs who need fifteen seconds of fame every fifteen seconds .
The most recent case in point -- CNN's " debate " from Las Vegas , a town known for prizefights and gambling .
David Swanson was right to call it a " soul - sickening disaster . "
He watched it while watching a clock :
" On Thursday Wolf Blitzer devoted the first 20 minutes to goading Clinton and Obama into bashing each other over how they have run their campaigns .
Edwards was given a token 60 seconds to join the fight .
At 8:18 ( the debate began at 8:00 p.m. ET ) Biden was permitted to add his two cents .
At 8:20 , Edwards was asked to bash Clinton from another angle .
He took the bait , but then turned to the topic of poverty , in open violation of WB 's rules .
( Blitzer had announced at the start that candidates would not be permitted to stray from the topics of the questions asked . )
At 8:23 Dodd got to speak , still on the debate over the debate .
At 8:24 Richardson was allowed to add to the same substance - free topic .
He introduced himself to the crowd as a way of registering his dissatisfaction with being ignored for 24 minutes . "
Adds Swanson : " [ T ]ime was found for an audience member to ask Clinton whether she ' prefers diamonds or pearls . ' "
P.S. : Later we learned from Maria Luisa , the UNLV student who asked Hillary Clinton whether she preferred " diamonds or pearls , " that CNN forced her to ask the frilly question instead of a pre-approved query about the Yucca Mountain nuclear waste repository .
" Every single question asked during the debate by the audience had to be approved by CNN , " Luisa writes .
" I was asked to submit questions including ' lighthearted / fun ' questions .
I submitted more than five questions on issues important to me .
I did a policy memo on Yucca Mountain a year ago and was the finalist for the Truman Scholarship .
For sure , I thought I would get to ask the Yucca question that was APPROVED by CNN days in advance . "
She was n't .
CNN would n't let her , insisting on the trivial to the important .
Swanson concludes : " Wolf Blitzer lost this one .
The ranks of non-voters probably won . "
You bet , but maybe that 's the real goal ?
Ever think of that ?
Make politics so tendentious and predictable that issues really do n't matter .
Focus on posturing and being clever instead of what matters .
The pundits say that the candidate that wins is the one that makes the fewest mistakes .
Is that the way we should chose a president ?
Anyone notice what 's not being debated -- our economic collapse , the subprime meltdown , the crimes of Wall Street , the inflation that is squeezing our lives , the threat of new wars , global warming , infectious diseases etc. , etc .
You know what I am talking about .
And one of the reasons is due to another media failure - - a lack of scrutiny of the wealthy funders behind the political curtains .
Today , the notion that war is politics by other means has been inverted : politics is now war .
That 's why veteran political correspondent Ronald Brownstein calls his new book , " THE SECOND CIVIL WAR . "
It argues that extreme partisanship has paralyzed Washington and polarized America .
It has led to candidates playing to the certain constituencies while ignoring the needs of millions .
This has been the GOP strategy and it has propelled a minority of zealots into becoming our Republican Guard .
They are also media whores , always in the media and on the media .
( Karl Rove just joined Newsweek as a columnist while partisan sound bite artists on all sides dominate the punditocracy . )
Extremists on the right are everywhere ; progressives rarely heard or seen .
MoveOn gets in the news when the right chooses to target them , not because what they do merits media visibility .
That 's why they have to buy pricey ads to get heard .
When we talk about media mergers we rarely discuss the merger between big media and big politics !
The truth is that news business is now show business and that politics dances to its rules .
TV
News used to model its programming on what newspapers reported .
Now fewer Americans even read newspapers and the press often follows TV 's lead because of its fetishism with immediacy .
New media outlets like My Space and You Tube further glitz up the process while the Daily Show and its imitators give young people more to laugh about than think about .
That means that personalities rule and information is sloganized , dumbed down and robbed of substance .
It means more " message points " on the right and rhetoric on the left .
No wonder so many Americans do n't even bother voting .
Formalistic debates and related blather on the Sunday shows now substitute for the work of the political parties that are no longer mass - based bottom - up grass roots organizations .
TV is our politics .
( Roseanne once called it " our everything . " )
Candidate strategies are built around waging expensive " airwars " in contested states ; they fight with TV ads , not house parties and real field organizing .
It is easier to " participate " by sending in checks or signing petitions on line .
Low - key passivity is then redefined as activism .
Look at the conventions .
The delegates are increasingly elected officials and political pros .
These events are now considered ho - hummers with the media barely covering them anymore allegedly because they are designed as formulaic TV shows .
That same media does n't admit that they are the ones pushing for the high entertainment and production values .
The pols are just imitating them by hiring media consultants .
It 's a symbiotic game .
Remember that most of TV is driven by so - called KISS formulas -- Keep it simple and stupid .
And also look at the electoral process itself .
The Daily News fears NY State will become another Florida because of federal pressure to force us to use electronic voting machines .
Can the media that failed to focus in on what happened in 2000 until it was too late , and then ignored massive violations in Ohio in 2004 , be trusted to monitor the integrity of the elections in 2008 ?
Do n't count on it .
So where does that leave us ?
Angry and worried .
Meanwhile , many of the most concerned about our democracy become resigned to being observers not doers ; moving from event to event , caucus to primary , watered down TV " debate " to " debate " watching the pols become slicker show boaters as our political culture becomes more remote .
Ca n't we do better ?
Our politicians are turning into brands to choose between in the great mall of electronic " democracy . "
Unfortunately , you can't return them or upgrade later .
_______
About author News Dissector Danny Schechter made News Dissector Danny Schechter made Plunder The Crime of Our Time , now available on DVD with a companion book .
Comments to dissector@mediachannel.org
Online Desktop
The world is changing and online applications are becoming more and more popular , whether for e-mail or word processing .
The developers behind Bigboard and Gnome 's " online desktop " initiative think it 's time our desktops started catching up .
Read on to find an interview with Colin Walters , more information about Bigboard , the online desktop and the obligatory screencast showing it off !
Digg It
If you enjoy this article , follow the link below and give it a digg :D
Developer Interview
Colin Walters
Location : Cambridge , MA
Profession : Software Engineer
IRC Nick : walters
Interviewed by : JonathanRoberts
Hey there ,
Could you explain to us what the concept of the " online desktop " is , and how Bigboard is going to be a part of this ?
The Online Desktop effort is essentially just a recognition of the fact that more and more people are computing online or " in the cloud " .
Yahoo !
Mail or GMail have completely won in the consumer market over Thunderbird / Evolution type mail , and are in the process of moving into the enterprise .
Google Docs and others like it are quickly growing in the " basic wordprocessing " market , and in fact adding new features like extremely simple collaborative editing .
So essentially , we 're trying to reorganize the desktop and optimize it for these kinds of applications .
The Big Board is a part of the Online Desktop effort ; it 's a new panel type component that is intended to display more relevant things to your online life than the traditional panel .
You could think of it as a collection of custom " widgets " for things like Google Calendar or Docs , except we 're less interested in some things that might spring to mind with the term widgets , such as gigantic meticulously rendered clocks .
What Fedora specific changes have you had to make to make this feature a reality ?
Will these changes be useful upstream and for other GNU / Linux distributions ?
So far for the Online Desktop effort we 've mostly been adding things such as a library for communicating with online .
gnome.org , a new sidebar , etc .
However we are starting to modify existing components like Pidgin and Firefox .
Reading the feature page on the Fedora wiki , I 'm intrigued to learn more about " online / offline " configurations of the Gnome desktop , and also to learn more about what online .
gnome.org is and how this relates to the Bigboard feature in Fedora 8 ?
The Online Desktop is designed assuming you 're online , and to default to using online applications .
That said , the desktop should n't just fall over if you wander out of your wifi range temporarily , but for a lot of people their computer is basically a brick without Internet already ( no GMail , Wikipedia , etc . ) .
Of course with things like Google Gears web applications are starting to work offline too .
online.gnome.org is intended to be service provided by GNOME for storing aspects of the desktop online .
The Big Board uses it currently to store what applications you use .
Other things prototyped include storing preferences such as font size , etc .
Application browsing and installation via Bigboard are also mentioned on the wiki page ; could you elaborate on this particular aspect ?
Essentially , this is a design where we integrated installation into the application process itself .
It 's a fairly obvious thing to do really once you do n't think in terms of technology ( RPM packages ) but instead what someone would want to do .
Here 's a good blog entry about it :
http://clarkbw.net/blog/2007/05/04/bullish-on-finding-new-applications/
How successful have your efforts been so far ?
Are you still hoping to make the F8 release with this feature ?
I would say that we 've been fairly successful in terms of prototyping out a number of the features we wanted such as storing aspects of the desktop online and integrating with external online services such as Google .
What we 're concentrating a bit more on now is improving the first time login experience to the system ; reducing the number of times you have to type in your Google username and password , for example .
In terms of releases , we have n't really made an official one yet since we 're still in the process of moving from the prototype stage .
But we do plan to have a release corresponding with Fedora 8 .
We 're also creating a Fedora " spin " using the very nice new spin tools the Fedora project has developed .
How do you see Bigboard , and perhaps the " online desktop " concept , developing in future releases of Fedora , and upstream ?
In terms of Fedora , one feature I would very much like is different " stream speeds " inside of it ; in other words , I 'd like for the online - desktop packages in Fedora 8 after it 's released to very closely mirror upstream development with frequent releases .
The tools are n't optimized for this but I 'm hoping it 's solvable .
Upstream , I think you 'll be seeing us blog more once we have the Live CD ready to go .
And to finish , would you like to tell us a bit about your self ?
Free software background , general every day things you love to do !
Well , I 've been hacking free software for probably close to 9 years now ; started in Emacs , became a Debian Developer , moved on to GNOME , then was hired by Red Hat to do more of it !
I have patches in quite a number of projects .
Lately I 've been trying to get more into the Firefox development community ( obviously the browser is a key part of an online desktop ) ; you can see a result of this work in the Firefox Journal that Bryan Clark and I built on top of the new Firefox 3 infrastructure : http://online-desktop.org/wiki/Firefox_Journal
Outside of work , I like to hang out with friends , rollerblade , and of course I have some spare time free software projects like Hotwire , a new developer / sysadmin shell : http://code.google.com/p/hotwire-shell/
Screenshot
Screencast
You can download a screencast showing many of the features of the Online Desktop here .
Try It !
The screencast about does n't do a bad job , squeezing in so many cool features in 3 minutes , but the best way to get a feel for what this technology is going to be like is to try it out for yourself .
Grab yourself a copy of F8 Test 2 , and install the online - desktop package ; to run it , select the online - desktop session in GDM before logging in .
Behind every wall , on every street ,
there are wonderful stories of kindness
and generosity right now .
That 's why we believe
' There 's a glass & a half
in everyone . '
Find out about Cadbury's
COVID - 19 response efforts .
There 's a glass in everyone
Is it a bird ?
Is it a plane ?
Is it a comet ?
While it ’s still a bit too early to be Rudolf the Red- Nosed Reindeer , “ Universe Today ” readers did an awesome job of reporting a mystery object spotted cruising their skies on December 10 .
Thanks to released information , we can confirm their sightings of the upper stage of an Atlas V rocket which dumped its excess fuel .
Why did n’t we know it was occurring ?
The Atlas V’s payload was a classified satellite sent into Earth orbit for the U.S. National Reconnaissance Office .
Folks the world over were stunned by the comet - like cloud !
( UPDATE :
When permission is received , a photo will be posted with further updates . )
Thanks to UT reader posts , it did n’t take long to pinpoint the source of the sky action .
For those who sent in their information , congratulations on using key points for reporting any sky phenomena .
Let ’s talk about more things you can do when you spot something unusual !
1 . Note the time the phenomena is spotted , time it ends and the observer location .
If you know your latitude and longitude , please include it !
If you ’re aware of the universal time , include it as well .
2 . When ever possible report sky position such as the constellation where it was seen .
By using more detailed instructions you can help others coordinate and confirm your sighting !
When an object is on the horizon – north , south , east or west , it is at 0 degrees .
Directly overhead is 180 degrees .
For quick measurements , the average hand span ( at arm ’s length ) is approximately 20 degrees , a fist width is 10 degrees , a finger width is about 1 - 2 degrees .
For experienced observers , note appropriate RA and Dec .
3 . Take note of what the object looked like and how it behaved .
What direction is it moving ?
How bright did it appear to be ?
Use known object magnitudes around it whenever possible …
Such as a bright star , planet or the Moon .
Any information helps !
4 . Whenever possible , try photographing or sketching the object .
Even if you do n’t know the constellation , a few key bright stars sketched along with the object can help others pinpoint a location .
5 . Write it down …
Write it down …
Write it down !
Even very experienced observers can forget details when excited !
Especially me …
6. Report what you see .
In this case , the “ Universe Today ” served as a wonderful resource !
We ’re very happy to see observers kept a cool head , realizing what they saw might have been comet - like but was n’t a comet , UFO or atmospheric .
They saw something – and they reported it .
And their observations are now verified !
To make things official , always feel free to submit your reports to the webmaster at spaceweather.com , or directly to Dr. Tony Phillips .
And keep on reporting right here !
All noted observations are good ones …
By coordinating observations around the world , we validate what is seen and stand an above average chance of discovering its nature .
Keep up the excellent work , UT readers !!
Childhood "s End ...
There 'll be war , there 'll be peace .
But everything one day will cease .
All the iron turned to rust ;
All the proud men turned to dust .
And so all things , time will mend .
So this song will end .
-- Pink Floyd
CREATING LIFE CREATING LIFE
Experts expect an announcement within three to 10 years from someone in the now little - known field of " wet artificial life . "
" It 's going to be a big deal and everybody 's going to know about it , " said Mark Bedau , chief operating officer of ProtoLife of Venice , Italy , one of those in the race .
" We 're talking about a technology that could change our world in pretty fundamental ways in fact , in ways that are impossible to predict . "
That first cell of synthetic life made from the basic chemicals in DNA may not seem like much to non-scientists .
For one thing , you 'll have to look in a microscope to see it .
" Creating protocells has the potential to shed new life on our place in the universe , " Bedau said .
" This will remove one of the few fundamental mysteries about creation in the universe and our role . "
And several scientists believe man-made life forms will one day offer the potential for solving a variety of problems , from fighting diseases to locking up greenhouse gases to eating toxic waste .
Bedau figures there are three major hurdles to creating synthetic life : A container , or membrane , for the cell to keep bad molecules out , allow good ones , and the ability to multiply .
A genetic system that controls the functions of the cell , enabling it to reproduce and mutate in response to environmental changes .
A metabolism that extracts raw materials from the environment as food and then changes it into energy .
One of the leaders in the field , Jack Szostak at Harvard Medical School , predicts that within the next six months , scientists will report evidence that the first step creating a cell membrane is " not a big problem . "
Scientists are using fatty acids in that effort .
Szostak is also optimistic about the next step getting nucleotides , the building blocks of DNA , to form a working genetic system .
His idea is that once the container is made , if scientists add nucleotides in the right proportions , then Darwinian evolution could simply take over .
" We are n't smart enough to design things , we just let evolution do the hard work and then we figure out what happened , " Szostak said .
In Gainesville , Fla. , Steve Benner , a biological chemist at the Foundation for Applied Molecular Evolution is attacking that problem by going outside of natural genetics .
Normal DNA consists of four bases adenine , cytosine , guanine and thymine ( known as A , C , G , T ) molecules that spell out the genetic code in pairs .
Benner is trying to add eight new bases to the genetic alphabet .
Bedau said there are legitimate worries about creating life that could " run amok , " but there are ways of addressing it , and it will be a very long time before that is a problem .
" When these things are created , they 're going to be so weak , it 'll be a huge achievement if you can keep them alive for an hour in the lab , " he said .
" But them getting out and taking over , never in our imagination could this happen . " — Associated Press Digg
del.icio.us
Newsvine
Reddit
Facebook WASHINGTON  Philosophers wrestling with the big questions of life are no longer alone .
Now scientists are struggling to define life as they manipulate it , look for it on other planets , and even create it in test tubes .
In June , researchers replaced the genetic identity of one bacterium with that of a second microbe .
Other scientists are trying to build life from scratch .
NASA scientists are searching for life in space but are n't sure what it will look like .
And some futurists are pondering the prospect of robots becoming so human they might be considered a form of life .
So as scientists push the bounds of biology , astronomy and robotics , a big question looms :
What exactly is life ?
That question is bubbling up from recent advances in lab work .
In suburban Washington this summer , prominent scientists at the J. Craig Venter Institute , who were key players in mapping the human genome , switched DNA from one bacterium into another , changing its genetic identity .
That put the world on notice that man 's ability to manipulate life is dancing around the point of creation .
Now Venter is asking for a patent for a completely new bacteria that would be created by inserting genes into a hollowed - out cell of what once was a urinary tract bug .
Venter does n't view that as creating life , just " modifying life to come up with new life forms . "
At least half a dozen other research teams around the world are going farther , trying to create life out of chemicals , mimicking the beginnings of life on Earth .
They 're somewhere from three to 10 years from success , they figure .
For them , and Venter , new man -made life forms mean new energy sources , environmental clean - up mechanisms and life - saving medicines .
For others , such a breakthrough would mean understanding how life began on Earth by trying to recreate it .
" We 're all sort of thinking that the next origin of life will be in somebody 's lab , " said David Deamer , a University of California , Santa Cruz , biochemistry professor who is one of the leading experts trying to create life .
But ask Deamer what life is , and he responds by saying it 's best to describe it , not define it .
Broadly put , scientists like Deamer say life requires a cell with genetic material and the ability to reproduce , turn food into energy , and to evolve through natural selection .
But it 's not that simple for others seeking a definition .
At NASA 's Astrobiology Institute in California , which studies extreme life here and the possibility of it elsewhere , it 's far easier to say what life is n't , said institute director Carl Pilcher .
" Right now we may not have the base of knowledge necessary to answer the question , but there are ways we are proceeding , " he said .
Last month , the National Academy of Sciences issued a " weird life " report cautioning NASA not to be so focused on water .
It told the space agency that " as the search for life in the solar system expands , it is important to know what exactly to search for . "
That same report urged NASA to avoid being " fixated on carbon " when it looks for life even though carbon is often called the backbone of life on Earth .
But if carbon is n't a requirement for life , how about silicon ?
In other words , what about machines ?
Ray Kurzweil , a renowned futurist who advises people such as Bill Gates , believes that by 2029 a machine will pass a prime test of artificial intelligence , offering the same kind of answers as a human .
" The key issue as to whether or not a non-biological entity deserves rights really comes down to whether or not it 's conscious , " Kurzweil said .
" Does it have feelings ? "
This is n't just a Kurzweil concept .
" A monumental shift could occur if robots continue to be developed to the point where they can at some point reproduce , improve themselves or if they gain artificial intelligence , " said a 2006 study commissioned by the British government 's science office .
That report compared the situation of robots to the emancipation of slaves .
Many scientists familiar with these challenges of defining life say the answers wo n't be easy to find .
" It 's an important but ultimately frustrating question if one expects to come up with a nice clean shiny answer ; it ain't going to happen , " said Francis Collins , a prominent Christian scientist and director of the National Human Genome Research Institute .
That talk about life is going to get uncomfortable as dreams of creation , from Frankenstein 's monster on , get closer to reality , said University of Pennsylvania bioethicist Art Caplan .
" This issue of ' what is life ' has been at the core of biology for about 400 years , " Caplan said .
He said it leads to the more theological questions about whether life is special and whether we are special .
Later this century , the definition of life will be at the heart of a political and societal debate as heated and divisive as abortion and embryonic stem cell research , Caplan predicts .
Look for changes in religion , too .
" As knowledge has ( been ) added , religions have adapted , " Venter said .
" I do n't see why this is any different .
We 're pushing the frontiers of knowledge , understanding life on this planet . "
Venter dismisses suggestions that scientists are playing God as media sensationalism .
And Collins , a scientist who talks at length about his faith , said he finds it interesting that the people who most often use the phrase " playing God " usually do n't believe in God.
" Playing God " is a secular , not religious , term , said Ted Peters , a professor at the Graduate Theological Union in Berkeley , Calif. , and author of the book " Playing God . "
He said people who worry about that are really talking about tinkering with nature .
" What Craig Venter is doing is an extremely complicated form of animal breeding , " Peters said .
" We 're going to be changing the face of the planet no matter what .
The question is do we want to do it responsibly or not ? "
C. Ben Mitchell , a bioethicist connected with Trinity University , an evangelical Christian college in Illinois , worries about entrusting such monumental developments with scientists .
" Human history is enough ; it is sufficient to remind us of the problem of hubris , " Mitchell said .
" It is at least a cautionary note , to caution us to be aware of unintended consequences . "
One of the men trying to make life from scratch , Mark Bedau , understands the worries .
A philosophy professor from Reed College in Oregon , Bedau is also the chief operating officer of the synthetic biology firm ProtoLife in Venice , Italy .
His team and others are trying to make single - cell organisms from chemical components , creating a genetic system that multiplies and a metabolism that takes in energy from the environment .
Scientists say they are close to completing a key first step , creation of a vesicle , or container , for the cell .
" We are doing things which were thought to be the province , in some quarters , of God — like making new forms of life , " Bedau said in a phone interview from Venice .
" Life is very powerful , and if we can get it to do what we want ... there are all kinds of good things that can be done .
" Playing God is a good thing to do as long as you 're doing it responsibly , " he said .
Copyright 2007 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Share this story : Digg del.icio.us Newsvine Reddit Facebook Enlarge By Paul Sakuma , AP
In the experiment being outlined here by biochemistry professor David Deamer , scientists are " making the first pieces of life get together , " he said .
" The thing is n't alive yet , but it 's a first step . "
Conversation guidelines : USA TODAY welcomes your thoughts , stories and information related to this article .
Please stay on topic and be respectful of others .
Keep the conversation appropriate for interested readers across the map .
When the small Devon town of Modbury became the first in Europe to reject plastic bags in its shops six months ago cynics said traders and the public would soon tire of their experiment and go back to oil - based polyethylene normality .
Anything but .
Not only has the self - imposed ban by the 40 - odd shopkeepers held firm with the public accepting alternatives , but now 50 other cities , towns and villages are following Modbury and are in the process of ditching the eponymous symbol of the throwaway society .
They range from London , where the 33 boroughs last week proposed a city - wide ban on all throwaway bags starting in 2009 , to the islands of Mull , Arran and Guernsey , which are racing to become the first plastic bag - free island in the world .
Some of the initiatives come from individuals , others from councils , and many from shopkeepers themselves .
All were inspired by Modbury and Rebecca Hosking , the young wildlife camerawoman whose outrage at the pollution of Pacific ocean marine life by plastic bags led to Modbury changing .
Second after Modbury has come Hebden Bridge in West Yorkshire , a former mill town in the Pennines , which stopped handing out plastic bags two weeks ago after four women calling themselves the Bag Ladies convinced nearly all the town 's 104 traders that plastic was passé .
Britain uses nearly 17bn bags a year , or 300 for every man , woman and child , but the Bag Ladies - an IT consultant , an ambulance technician , a massage therapist and a climate change consultant - found they were pushing an open door .
" We could hardly find any opposition at all to people not using plastic .
They all said it made sense , " said Louise Marix - Evans , one of the women , yesterday .
" We sent a leaflet to all 6,000 households in the town , and we talked to all the traders and the Co-op supermarket .
We showed them a film about the damage they do and only three were hostile .
Since then , one has come round .
We said we would be happy if 80 % of the town shops changed but it 's way more than that . "
The switch is taking place gradually , with some shops running down their stocks and others offering a mix of string , corn starch and cotton bags .
" Some are asking for a contribution but plastic is definitely on the way out in Hebden Bridge , " says Ms Marix - Evans .
" It 's a no -brainer .
They are not greatly loved , sometimes they 're useful , but we 've all had enough of them .
People want to do stuff . "
North Berwick , near Edinburgh , may be next .
The seaside town of 7,000 people has sent out questionnaires to households and of the 400 replies 98 % approve a switch .
" It 's very difficult to find anyone opposing a change .
They almost want the change from plastic to be imposed on them , they want someone to take the lead , " said Robin MacEwen , a retired civil servant in the Scottish Assembly 's justice department .
" I think the politicians have been slow to detect this and would get a lot of support if they took more action . "
Less ambitious , but following the French model where supermarkets have stopped using flimsy plastic bags , is the Amberley stores and post office in West Sussex .
Next week Roger Townsend , one of the shop 's trustees , will deliver a biodegradeable cotton bag to all 300 households in the area and stop offering plastic .
" Frankly , asking everyone whether they approve would be going over the top , " he said .
" Let 's be bold and take the initiative , " said Chris Hogwood , a spokesman for the 33 London councils who last week launched a consultation on whether to ban bags completely , or put a levy on them , as in Ireland .
" Lots of people want an outright ban .
There 's no reason it cannot work in the capital .
It 's crazy that other cities can do this , " he says .
Back in Modbury , Ms Hosking says her small West Country revolution is now complete .
" There 's no way Modbury is going back .
It 's been a total success and being plastic bag - free is now very much the norm for us all .
To the point that if we go shopping in another town and are offered a plastic bag it 's quite a shock to the system .
" But for me the best thing that 's happened is news of Modbury in the Guardian made it back to Hawaii and the island of Maui , where I filmed some of the most upsetting footage of plastic bags killing marine animals .
In the past three months Maui has been in the process of passing the first stages of a bill to make the island and its 125,000 residents plastic bag - free within three years . "
Six easy steps
1 Do it yourself , or with a group .
Do n't rely on councils or supermarkets .
2 Get the trust of the traders .
Approach them directly .
A handout is not enough .
3 Gauge public support to encourage supermarkets and multiples to take part .
4 Learn about what plastics are doing to the environment .
5 Research every type of alternative bag on the market .
6 Set a date .
Rebecca Hosking www.plasticbagfree.com
CINCINNATI , March 19 — Responding to a series of scandals , Ohio ’s new secretary of state said Monday that she had demanded the resignation of the entire four - member Elections Board of Cuyahoga County , which includes Cleveland .
Just last week , in the latest development involving one of those scandals , two former Cuyahoga elections workers were sentenced to the maximum of 18 months in jail for manipulating a preliminary recount of the 2004 presidential election vote .
The workers ’ goal had not been to affect the outcome but rather to avoid a more painstaking task in which all votes would have had to be recounted by hand rather than machine .
“ When you have election workers going to prison for election - related offenses , it creates a crisis of confidence , ” the secretary of state , Jennifer L. Brunner , said in announcing that she spoke to the four board members Sunday night to urge them to resign .
If they do not do so by Wednesday evening , Ms. Brunner said , she will begin a disciplinary process Thursday morning to force their ouster .
Ms. Brunner was elected in November as part of a near sweep of state offices by Democrats that reversed a Republican lock on statewide posts .
The board she seeks to remove has two Democratic and two Republican members , including Robert T. Bennett , chairman of both the board and the Ohio Republican Party .
Some Battlestar Galactica fans love the show so much they want to visit the " real " Caprica , the cylon- occupied planet portrayed in Sci Fi Channel 's hit show .
Valorie Hoye , a resident of Vancouver , British Columbia , where the series is shot , makes the perfect tour guide .
Hoye founded the Meetup.com group The 13th Colony in January .
Since then , she 's led Battlestar fans on three " Caprica scouting missions " to sites around Vancouver that serve as the show 's outdoor backdrops .
The group 's members have also served as informal tour guides to visitors from as far away as Massachusetts – helping facilitate trips that , to true Galactica geeks , are tantamount to an Elvis fan 's pilgrimage to Graceland .
" You 're standing there where Helo was standing , " Hoye said of visiting a spot where a Battlestar scene was shot .
" It 's a way to let your imagination take flight .
Most of the reaction seems to be finding it and going , ' Wow , that 's really cool . '
Then we haul out our cameras and take photos . "
Fans of quirky TV shows seem especially susceptible to this type of feverish dedication .
Mystery lovers followed Twin Peaks ' siren call to the Pacific Northwest locations where David Lynch shot the show .
Cosplayers dress as their favorite geek characters and Trekkies are famous for their Star Trek conventions .
It 's only natural that Battlestar would be next .
While most of the show 's scenes are shot on one of 13 sound stages in the off - limits Vancouver Film Studios , a crucial minority immortalize locations around the city that Canadians call " Hollywood North . "
At least two Google Earth mini-atlases of the top Battlestar locations have also been compiled .
The best place to start , Hoye said , is downtown at the distinctive Vancouver Public Library .
" As a feature in the city , it actually dominates the skyline around it and is built kind of like the Roman Colosseum , " she said .
In June , Hoye and her group set off on a scouting mission that turned up some of downtown Vancouver 's more obscure locations that frame tense chase scenes and shootouts with the Cylon overlords of Battlestar 's colonial base planet , Caprica .
Two months later , a couple from Easthampton , Massachusetts , contacted Hoye outlining their plans to visit the real - life setting for Caprica in October .
Battlestar fan Michael
Dow said that when filming starts again on the final season , which is slated for broadcast in April if the Hollywood writer 's strike does n't interfere , the time will be right for a geek pilgrimage .
" Since ( Battlestar ) Season 4 is going to be the end of it , this will be our last chance to go where they make it , while they 're making it , " he said .
Dow 's wife , Michelle Aguilar , an equally avid fan of the series , planned the itinerary for their trip to Vancouver and arranged to meet up with The 13th Colony during the jaunt .
Guided by Hoye and her 73 - member group 's experience , Aguilar and Dow spent five days as Battlestar tourists tracing through the series ' downtown locations .
They also hit Vancouver 's two major universities , the University of British Columbia and Simon Fraser University , which together provide most of the show 's outdoor shots .
" If you 're a big enough fan , and these places have become imprinted in your brain , it 's really neat to see them right in front of you , " Aguilar said .
As the Pacific Northwest enters its rainy season , even 13th Colony locals will be putting off scouting missions till at least spring , Hoye said .
" We 'll probably be doing more episode - viewing parties over the winter , " she said .
( The two - hour extended episode of Battlestar Galactica : Razor airs Saturday , Nov. 24 , on the Sci Fi Channel . )
How Are You Building Your Net Worth ?
Here are our basic wealth building strategies .
Time for another snap quiz !
Can you answer these questions off the top of your head ?
How much is in your investment and high interest savings accounts ?
What ’s your mortgage loan balance ?
Know how much you owe on your credit cards ?
What ’s your salary ?
If you own a house , how much home equity have you built ?
If not , how much have you saved towards a home down payment ?
And lastly , what are you doing to “ get rich ” ( slowly or otherwise ) ?
Well okay , some of these questions are probably easy to answer , but if you can respond to all of these with relative ease and without having to dig them out from under piles of paper , then you must either be :
(1 ) a Quicken Head
( 2 ) a bit of a control freak
( 3 ) on top of your personal finance game
( 4 ) a money blogger
( 5 ) most of the above
Most of the figures you come up with are but components of that bigger number also known as Net Worth , which is calculated via the ubiquitous Assets minus Liabilities formula .
Net Worth , as a subject , has been all the rage among the financial blogging community , just take a look at all the analysis , debates , challenges and revelations that are done in the name of this all encompassing number .
Even if it ’s a simple , basic calculation with some limitations , it has its merits ; in particular it does well as a useful starting point for determining overall financial health .
And the goal of everyone I know is try to get that Net Worth number to go as high as it possibly can .
Now what I find interesting is the question of what comprises net worth — since this reality varies for everyone .
Maybe by taking a look at what you attribute to your net worth : your wealth if it ’s a positive number , or your debt if it ’s a negative number , you may get to see where you can make some tweaks and improvements in order to make that net worth number move higher .
For that big picture , I look at our net worth number in this more general , even simplistic manner to see how we stand today .
To what do we owe our net worth ?
What do I see as responsible for building our assets or adding to our liabilities ?
Is there any one thing that I can thank…or perhaps even blame for the progress we ’ve had so far in our wealth accumulation endeavors ?
What I like about this picture is that it shows me right away what things we ’ve done to build our net worth , and whether we ’re addressing all available opportunities to improve our financial state .
It makes me appreciate the stuff that ’s gotten us to where we are now .
Our Basic Wealth Building Strategies
Source Of Net Worth % Of Net Worth Attribution Debt Control 10 % Business or Entrepreneurial Endeavors ( Start ups and Home Based ) 15 % Liquid Investments 15 % Real Estate ( Primary Residence and Investments ) 15 % Frugality 10 % Jobs 15 % Savings 10 % Windfall 10 %
Please note that there is no scientific basis for this diagram ; it ’s merely an invention I came up with .
As you can see , our wheel looks fairly well represented .
This is a quick look at our wealth building strategies and how I would measure the contribution of each to our overall net worth .
Our approach is to grow our assets through various means .
We ’ve been doing “ a little bit of this , a little bit of that ” to try to keep us on track financially .
But following suit , how would your wheel look like ?
Note also , that there may not be any correlation between how “ wealthy ” one is and how “ diversified ” their wheel happens to be , because it is often the case that many people have become successful based on just one or two financial strategies they ’ve implemented .
For example , there are those who have made it big due to significant returns from real estate , while others have scored from purely business related ventures .
All this does is give you a different look at what ’s responsible for your finances , and whether there ’s anything additional you can do to grow your assets .
So if there ’s any other potential wealth building component that I ’ve overlooked , let me know .
We ’d be glad to hear about what ’s been responsible for your success .
What I like about this view is that it helps me acknowledge the work we ’ve done so far .
In a way , it gives us some assurance that we ’re doing quite a bit to reach our financial goals .
Copyright © 2007 The Digerati Life .
All Rights Reserved .
Difficulty in video and computer game development has been on the outs for some time .
If a player possibly cannot complete Action Adventure Game X , so the thinking goes , the designer has failed .
Most MMORPGs feel like they can be played on autopilot ; in fact many can , a fact dear to some players ' hearts .
When Ninja Gaiden came out and turned out to be a stiff challenge some players were up in arms .
That ever - so - quotable Tomonobu Itagaki said that hearing player cries made him want to make the game even harder .
Ahem .
Setting aside what we might think of his statement , certainly , difficulty in a video game must be handled carefully .
Nothing attracts the ire of those fickle game bloggers quite like them getting their asses handed to them by a game .
And it is possible to make a game arbitrarily difficult without too much effort .
Increase monster attack strength , decrease player health , remove resources and / or add more foes -- these are just the most obvious ways a game can be made harder , and it does n't take any great skill to add them .
But this is not to say that games must be easy .
The impulse to make video games easier can be traced to a fundamental change in perception over what a game should be .
The older school of thought , which dates back and beyond the days of Space Invaders to the era of pinball , is that a game should measure the player 's skill .
Arcade games , in fact , must make it difficult for a player to last for any great length of time in order to keep money coming into the coin box .
The newer concept is that a game should provide an experience to the player .
The player is to feel like some character , or like he 's participating in a story , or that he 's making some difference in a fictional realm .
Tecmo's NES classic Ninja Gaiden
The difference can be seen in Super Mario Bros. , but may date to before it .
Super Mario Bros. does n't seem like it 's entirely convinced either ; many of the later levels are quite hard .
The discarding of score , the emphasis on " suspension of disbelief " and storytelling , the trend towards providing a narrative longer than " see those guys ; kill them , " and the idea that a game can be " finished , " these are all substantial indications of the change .
A game intended only to measure skill , particularly , should n't have a completion state , because it would be like the game has given up .
Because of this , many of the games on this list are older ones .
There are some exceptions , and those may be the most instructive examples , games that wish to tell a story but are willing to take the risk that the player wo n't be able to see it through to its completion .
Sometimes the difficulty lies in achieving a " super goal " , which is kind of a way to have both things at once , an experience and a testing of skill .
Before I start , let 's define that .
" Super goal " is a term I use for a special goal in a game for supremely skilled play .
Atari Games used them in many of their late 80s / early 90s arcade games for contests .
A player could , for example , collect letters spelling TOOBIN ' in that game to receive directions to follow for obtaining a free T - Shirt .
Super goals are distinguished from ordinary goals in that they are an objective beyond winning the game , and that many players are expected to never achieve them .
Take note : although some of the hardest games ever made are on this list , it is by no means a list of the absolute hardest games .
That ’s why it includes Mischief Makers before Alien Storm ; not because the latter game is n’t harder , but because Mischief Makers ’ difficulty is particularly instructive .
Of course , both of them pale before the terrible majesty of Sinistar .
WASHINGTON - Buy these stamps , you will .
The U.S. Postal Service sought to harness the force Thursday , releasing a new postage stamp featuring Star Wars ' enigmatic Yoda , known for his odd syntax as well as his wisdom .
The Jedi master 's stamp was originally part of a multi-stamp Star Wars set and is now available as an individual stamp following a public vote on which of that set should receive special attention .
Also on Thursday the post office released its annual Christmas and holiday stamps .
The set of four holiday stamps features classic wintertime knitting design imagery .
" The new holiday stamps provide another way for people to express warm winter greetings on all their mailings sent this season to family , friends or customers , " said Katherine C. Tobin , a member of the post office 's governing board .
Inspired by traditional Norwegian sweaters , the stamps include a stag , a snow - dappled evergreen tree , a snowman sporting a top hat and a whimsical teddy bear .
The Christmas stamp is a traditional Madonna and child .
This year 's image is from Bernardino Luini's " Madonna of the Carnation , " painted around 1515 and now part of the collection at the National Gallery of Art .
All of the new stamps carry the current 41 - cent first - class rate and had their first day of issue ceremonies at a stamp show in New York .
As far as other Star Wars characters go , well , you 'll have to wait or use Photostamp.com software to create your own stamps .
[ Via - Sun Sentinel ]
77 - Year - Old Gets Carded In Beer Purchase
Son Goes To A Stip Club With Dad's Credit Card , Ends Up With $ 53,000 Bill
Nielsen StartsTracking Internet
The GeekMom and I got the kids a Wii for Christmas .
Last night , one of the remotes went funky - you could press the buttons and select options on the screen , but when you went to swing a golf - club , bowl , pitch a baseball or swing a baseball bat , the Wii remote acted like it was n't there .
I 'm a GeekDad - I can fix this ... I know I can ...
Fresh batteries - nope .
Re-sync the remote - nope .
Re-sync all the remotes - nope .
Reset the remote - still nope .
So , I exhausted all the options for getting a remote to work given on the Nintendo support site and called ( with gritted teeth ) the customer service line ... two days after Christmas .
I expected the worst .
I was surprised .
A very pleasant lady took my call within one minute of getting through the push - button maze to get to Wii Remote troubleshooting .
I explained what the problem was and what I had tried .
She then asked me to check one more thing - the Wii Sensor - which checked out .
Then the conversation went something like this :
Friendly Nintendo Help Desk Lady : " Okay - I want you to take the remote , button side down and smack it into the palm of your hand two or three times . "
Russ : " You 've got to be kidding "
Friendly Nintendo Help Desk Lady : " No sir , do it hard enough that I can hear it across the phone line but not hard enough to damage the remote "
__Russ : __" You 're sure ? "
Friendly Nintendo Help Desk Lady : " Yes , sir . "
So , button - side down , the funky Wii remote got smacked in the palm of my hand three times ....
... and the thing worked !
Now , why do n't they publish this fix on the support site ?
BTW , my six - year - old beats me every single time we play a game of Wii bowling .... but from an informal poll of friends / relatives , it seems the youngest person in the family is the best bowler in the family .
[ Image courtesy of : Marcin Chady ]
US Democrats say the wars are costing the US too much
They say " hidden costs " have pushed the total to about $ 1.5 trillion - nearly twice the requested $ 804bn ( £ 402bn ) .
Higher oil prices , treating wounded veterans , and the cost to the economy of pulling reservists away from their jobs have been taken into account .
The White House has called the report politically motivated .
" They did not consult or co-operate with the Republicans on the committee , and so I think it is an attempt to muddy the waters on what has been some positive developments being reported out of Iraq . "
And some of the figures the report contains were labelled speculative by funding experts , the Washington Post newspaper reported .
' Lost earnings '
The report was written by Democratic members of Congress 's Joint Economic Committee ( JEC ) .
The cost of the war ... is becoming the first thing the people mention after the loss of life when they are opposed to this war
Chuck Schumer
JEC chairman
The BBC's Justin Webb in Washington says it was designed to shock Americans into stronger opposition to the war in Iraq .
The Democrats calculate that between 2002 and 2008 the campaigns in Iraq and Afghanistan will have cost the average US family of four about $ 20,900 .
Americans give their views on the costs of war
In pictures
The report adds that the amount could rise to $ 46,400 over the next decade .
It cites costs such as interest payments on money borrowed from abroad to pay for the wars , lost investment in US businesses , and the cost of oil market disruptions .
Oil prices have surged since the start of the war in Iraq , from about $ 37 a barrel to more than $ 90 a barrel in recent weeks .
The report says the rise has hit US consumers .
' Unacceptable price '
The chairman of the JEC , Democratic Senator Chuck Schumer , said the " backbreaking cost " of the war was becoming an unbearable burden for American families .
READ THE FULL REPORT
War at any price ? [ 661 KB ]
Most computers will open this document automatically , but you may need Adobe Reader Download the reader here
" What this report makes crystal clear is that the cost to our country in lives lost and dollars spent is tragically unacceptable . "
He said : " The cost of the war ... is becoming the first thing the people mention after the loss of life when they are opposed to this war and the people who mention it , many of them are not people who were against the war in the past . "
The report estimates that both wars could cost a total of $ 3.5 trillion over the next decade .
The Democratic authors estimated that treating veterans could add more than $ 30bn to costs , including disability payments and lost earnings for veterans affected by post - traumatic stress disorder .
Did you get that ?
Based on a handful of loony comments that were troll rated -- indicating that the Daily Kos community disagrees quite vehemently with them and takes great offense at them , and clear evidence that they are not representative of this site or its users -- O'Reilly compared us to the Ku Klux Klan and the Nazis .
Do you not see why that 's inappropriate ?
Let me tell you a little something about myself ; maybe you 'll learn something .
I am a Jew , the grandson of four survivors of the Holocaust .
Each of my grandparents had very large families prior to the Holocaust , but three of them were the sole survivors from their families .
My mother 's parents met in Auschwitz shortly before liberation ; my father 's parents met in a displaced persons camp not long after the war ended .
They all eventually made their way to safety and freedom in the Milwaukee area .
I 've written about my childhood on Daily Kos in the past , but since you 're backing Bill O'Reilly over us , I 'm sure you never read this site , so here is a recap of what I wrote about in this diary :
My parents raised my sisters and me in a small town in rural Wisconsin .
Never mind exactly which one -- I have to maintain my anonymity here in order to keep my jobs for grad school .
Suffice it to say it 's a good distance away from Madison , and in terms of worldview , it might as well be on a different planet .
You might recall the story of the Indian River School District in Delaware , which ran a Jewish family out of town with death threats and other harassment after the family complained about the district 's official promotion of Christianity .
Well , the Indian River School District has nothing on my hometown .
Growing up , my mom , dad , three sisters , and I were the only Jews in town , and a lot of people were all too happy to remind us of that on a regular basis .
Everyone else was Christian -- more specifically , a fundamentalist Protestant variety of the sort we all recognize from Jerry Falwell , Pat Robertson , James Dobson , and their ilk .
Everyone was white , too , except for us -- " Jews ca n't be white , they 're just lighter colored niggers , " my sisters and I were often told by our classmates .
After hearing that for all of my formative years , pardon me if I do n't want to be " white . "
My sisters and I are all pretty close in age -- my oldest sister is two years older than me , my second sister is a year younger than me , and my youngest sister is two years younger than me .
And my sisters are easily my favorite people in the world , largely , I would bet , because of what we endured together growing up .
My sisters , for the most part , were very lucky -- they suffered only from some of the most disgusting verbal harassment I 've ever heard of , usually consisting of grotesque , sexually explicit comments mixed with vile accusations of the blood libel and " you murdered Jesus " variety .
" Only ? " you might be thinking .
Yes , " only " -- they suffered verbal harassment , but were never physically attacked except for one time .
My big sister was a senior in high school then , I was a sophomore , and our middle sister was a freshman .
Whenever our schedules coincided , which was pretty frequently , big sister ( I wo n't name my sisters either -- there 's that anonymity thing again ) would drive us all home .
On the day in question , she had a yearbook meeting , I had football practice , and our sister the cheerleader had cheerleading practice .
Little sister and I finished at about the same time , and we were supposed to meet big sister at her locker .
When we got there , we saw three of the anti-Semites around her -- they had been among the many assholes who had physically assaulted me over the previous decade -- and one of them had her arm twisted behind her back .
I sent little sister to get help and tried to stop them myself .
The two assholes who did n't have their hands on my sister came after me , one with a switchblade .
The guy with the blade slashed me across my lower left ribcage as I punched the other guy .
Fortunately , it was just a flesh wound and I broke his arm when I took the blade away .
Then I broke the jaw and arm of the guy hurting my sister .
That 's when little sister came around with the principal , who promptly threatened to suspend big sister and me from school -- her for " provoking " the incident and me for fighting -- until we threatened to sue him personally for allowing the assholes to harass my sisters and assault me on a regular basis .
On the way home , we stopped by the nearest emergency clinic and I got 15 stitches .
That 's when my parents started thinking about moving us away .
In total , though , I was physically assaulted 27 times , stabbed two more times , and shot at twice before we finally moved away the summer before my senior year in high school .
Now , I 've been very fortunate for the most part in that I am a stereotypical linebacker -- very big and very strong -- so my attackers usually walked away from their attacks with much worse injuries than I suffered .
But they knew they would n't win a fight and attacked me anyway because it was so important to them to draw Jewish blood .
Thank God their chauvinism worked in my sisters ' favor , or they would have been attacked , too .
The local authorities never did a damn thing to protect me or to stop the people who were attacking me , even though it was widely known who they were , there were often witnesses , and attempted murder is generally frowned upon .
Indeed , they all but tacitly approved what happened to me .
I think the only kid who had it worse than me was the one openly gay kid in school -- and he leaned on my sisters and me and our very small , close - knit circle of friends for support .
Ultimately , though , he could n't take it -- he ran away when he was 15 , and I have no idea what became of him .
I can only hope that he is alive , safe , and happy somewhere .
I have dedicated my life to fighting the kind of bigotry and hatred that nearly wiped out my family among six million other Jews and millions more other innocents over 30 years before I was born .
I have dedicated my life to fighting the kind of bigotry and hatred that surrounded me in my childhood .
I am hardly alone in my dedication on Daily Kos , where we fight against anti-Muslim bigotry , racial slurs , hatred based on sexual orientation , and many other injustices .
And for our trouble , because we dared to stand up to the constant lies and propaganda produced by the Fox News Network to discredit our political party and the causes for which we fight , we got called Nazis .
And we were called Nazis by a man who allies himself with Ann Coulter , who revels in referring to one of our presidential candidates by a hateful term .
Who is revered by those who say that slurs such as faggot , kike , and nigger ought to be used in polite discourse and even in the midst of presidential campaigning .
Who hosts on his show guests who call Martin Luther King , Jr. Day a racket , who openly advocated for al - Qaeda to blow up San Francisco , who confesses that the only reason he does n't kill everyone on the internet who disagrees with him is that he could n't get away with it .
( Hat tip to frontpager mcjoan for these last three . )
In fact , if you want to know exactly what kind of man Bill O'Reilly is , you might want to listen to Keith Olbermann :
And yet you caved in to this hateful , spiteful man .
You bought into his smear of us .
You let him call us Nazis and , by giving him what he wants at our expense , you imply agreement with him , however unintentionally .
Shame on you .
I am not a Nazi .
My friends here are not Nazis .
We know a hell of a lot about what real Nazis look like , and we are n't them .
Calling us Nazis trivializes the suffering of my grandparents and all other victims of real hatred and bigotry .
It is just another cheap shot in the organized campaign of slander and libel by conservative blowhards in the media against a group of progressive bloggers who have had enough with the abuses of the past several years and refuse to stand idly by as our nation is destroyed .
By taking O'Reilly 's side on this issue , I hope you 're not indicating that you 're going to be fighting on his side .
It 's generally not good business practice to ally yourself with dishonest folks .
If this is merely a one - time mistake on your part , so be it .
I 'm sure we 'll all accept your apology here .
But if this is part of a corporate strategy to capitulate to liars , slanderers , and supporters of true hatred and bigotry , you 're going to leave us with no choice but to fight you with every weapon in our rhetorical arsenal , and that 's not going to be good for your business .
A parent has failed in his legal action to prevent Al Gore 's climate change documentary , An Inconvenient Truth , being shown in schools in England .
But today 's High Court ruling stated the film must be distributed with new guidance notes for students and teachers to prevent " promoting partisan political views " .
The judge said that Stewart Dimmock , a Kent school governor with two children and a member of a political group called the New Party , had " substantially " won his case because without new guidance to schools from the government , it would have been in breach of the law .
But Kevin Brennan , the children 's minister , said the film could continue being shown in schools and that its central arguments were backed by the " vast weight of scientific opinion " .
Mr Dimmock accused the government of " brainwashing " children with propaganda by showing the former US vice president 's film in the classroom .
Arguing that the film 's promotion of partisan political views was " irremediable " and that it contained scientific inaccuracies and " sentimental mush " , Mr Dimmock attempted to get the film totally banned from schools in England .
The film is already being distributed to secondary schools in Scotland and Wales .
Mr Justice Burton , sitting at the High Court in London , said the Department for Children , Schools and Families was not under a duty to forbid the film , provided it was accompanied by the guidance .
The judge ruled that schools secretary Ed Balls would not be " promoting partisan political views " if the film was shown " in the context of the discussions facilitated by the guidance note " , and he was therefore not under a duty to forbid its presentation in that context .
The department produced new guidance after Mr Dimmock launched his legal action , and flaws in an initial version came to light in court .
Mr Dimmock , a lorry driver from Dover with children aged 11 and 14 , said : " I am elated with today 's result , but still disappointed that the film is able to be shown in schools .
" If it was not for the case brought by myself , our young people would still be being indoctrinated with this political spin , " added Mr Dimmock , who was refused permission to appeal against the judge 's decision , but can renew his application in the appeal court itself .
His lawyers described today 's ruling as " a landmark victory " .
Awarding Mr Dimmock two thirds of his estimated legal costs of more than £ 200,000 against the government , the judge said : " I conclude that the claimant substantially won this case by virtue of my finding that , but for the new guidance note , the film would have been distributed in breach of sections 406 and 407 of the 1996 Education Act . "
These sections ban the political indoctrination of schoolchildren and require political views to be presented in a balanced way .
Mr Brennan said : " The judge 's ruling is clear that schools can continue to use An Inconvenient Truth as part of their teaching on climate change in accordance with the amended guidance , which is now available on the TeacherNet website . "
He added : " Climate change is the greatest environmental challenge facing the world today .
Schools have a special role to play in helping pupils understand its causes and in exploring if and how we should respond .
" The court 's decision recognises that the secretary of state ' understandably formed the view that An Inconvenient Truth was an outstanding film and that schools should be enabled to show it to pupils . '
" We have updated the accompanying guidance , as requested by the judge , to make it clearer for teachers as to the stated IPCC [ Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ] position on a number of scientific points raised in the film .
" However , it is important to be clear that the central arguments put forward in An Inconvenient Truth - that climate change is mainly caused by man-made emissions of greenhouse gases and will have serious adverse consequences - are supported by the vast weight of scientific opinion .
Nothing in the judge 's ruling today detracts from that . "
The case arose from a decision in February by the then education secretary Alan Johnson that DVDs of the film would be sent to all secondary schools in England , along with a multimedia CD produced by the Department for Environment , Food and Rural Affairs containing two short climate change films and an animation about the carbon cycle .
The Climate Change Resource Pack has been sent to more than 3,500 schools and is aimed at key stage 3 pupils ( 11 to 14 - year - olds ) .
Mr Johnson said at the launch that Mr Gore 's film sent a " powerful message about the fragility of our planet " and would stimulate children into discussing climate change and global warming .
We knew about Rove and Libby .
But now we can add the names of George Bush , Dick Cheney , and Andy Card to the list of people who helped create the lie , i.e. , that no one at the White House was involved in leaking the name of Valerie .
We no longer have to wonder if any damage was done .
We have the revelations in Valerie 's book , Fair Game , describing in detail her job as the operations chief for the Iraq Task Force and her mission of tracking down and eliminating weapons of mass destruction .
If outing a CIA intelligence officer collecting intelligence on our enemy during a time of war is not treason , then what is ?
George Bush commuted the prison sentence of Scooter Libby to help buy his silence .
Why ?
McClellan 's revelation blows the cover on that sham .
Bush was involved .
Of course we will now witness the spectacle of Republicans , who delighted in castigating Bill Clinton for his confusion about the meaning of sex , themselves doing verbal gymnastics as they search for what the meaning of " involved " .
Horseshit !
This is an impeachable offense .
George Bush not only helped obstruct justice , but continues to obstruct justice .
The President is no longer an idle bystander .
He is a participant in a cover up .
He knew that Rove , Libby , Card , and Cheney were involved in leaking Valerie 's name .
Yet the coward , the man who failed to complete his Reserve duty , went AWOL on his staff .
He sent Scott McClellan out to lie to the press .
We already knew that Bush was neither honorable nor a man or his word .
Despite his vow to remove anyone involved in leaking the name of Valerie Plame Wilson , he kept Card , Rove and Libby safe in the White House until Federal prosecutor Patrick Fitzgerald blew the whistle .
And even then , Bush refused to do the right thing .
He acted immorally and illegally .
Why should Scooter come clean when he knows his co-conspirator will get him off ?
And he did .
Now the ball is in the court of the Congress .
Will the Democrats find their spine and enforce the law ?
I doubt it .
They want the perks of power without being willing to bear the burden of upholding justice and and enforcing the law .
Will the Republicans voice outrage at this betrayal ?
Not likely .
Men of the character of Howard Baker , who called out Richard Nixon during the Watergate scandal , no longer lead that party .
George Bush may be genial , but now we know he is scum .
Facilitating the cover up of the crime of outing a CIA operative in a time of war puts blood on his hands .
It is that simple .
Here in the US we have laws governed by the Occupational Safety and Health Administration ( OSHA ) which are meant to protect workers from unsafe conditions .
But apparently OSHA is on holiday right now .
Meanwhile the rest of the world needs to be adopting some safety standards too , or they are going to be ending up headlining the Darwin Awards .
Take this photo for example : “ Let me just drive this forklift off the dock … while carrying a bomb ! ”
Just imagine what this little Asian guy looks like when he takes off his shirt !
He must be built like a mini Schwarzenegger .
Do you think his last words were , “ Let me just get this last weld on the gas tank … ”
Let me get this straight .
He ’s going to paint the entire side of a building with a brush , by hand , on ladders lashed together 4 stories high ?
Note : Bare feet on aluminum ladder sitting in pool of water with electrical cord dangling above .
Nice .
Let ’s assume that ’s all styrofoam strapped to the bicycle .
What happens if a strong wind blows ?
Ok. 10 feet away is what looks like a 4 ″ pipe that goes up well beyond the roof .
Why not just climb it ?
What the hell is he pointing at , and where does he think he ’s going ?
Now what ?
The second forklift driver is n’t even at the controls !
Do you think the rich guy that hired them to trim the hedges is fully insured ?
These guys do n’t look like they work for the electric company to me .
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
Contact : media@dcaclu.org
Washington , DC – The American Civil Liberties Union warned today that proposals afloat in Congress to provide limited funding to states for implementation of the Real ID
Act would amount to nothing more than “ sucker money ” that would cover only a fraction of Real ID ’s costs .
The ACLU said that state officials should not be fooled , and released a “ Sucker Money Calculator ” to estimate just how much states will still be stuck paying under current proposals .
“ The amount of money that is being talked about on Capitol Hill is a laughable pittance compared to what Homeland Security itself has estimated Real ID will cost , ” said Caroline Fredrickson , director of the ACLU Washington Legislative Office .
“ The rebellion against Real ID across the United States is based on privacy and other issues but also the fact that it is a giant unfunded mandate .
We do not want to see state legislators or others fooled into thinking that issue has been resolved . ”
One figure being talked about in Congress is $ 300 million , which would be divided among the 50 states and the District of Columbia .
But in a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking published in March 2007 , the Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) estimated that the total cost of Real ID would be $ 23.1 billion , including $ 7.9 billion in costs to individuals and $ 14.6 billion in costs to the states .
“ The fact is , it was Congress that passed the Real ID Act , and until Congress commits to funding the full $ 23.1 billion cost , it remains an unfunded mandate , a ‘ security tax ’ on states and individuals that wo n’t even deliver security – and will actually increase drivers ’ exposure to identity theft , ” said Fredrickson .
“ That does not , however , mean we think Congress actually should spend $ 23 billion to fund Real ID , ” she added .
“ It would be a colossal waste of tax dollars that would bring Americans far less security than many other potential uses for that money .
Congress should do something real to help security and pass the Akaka - Sununu bill , S. 717 . ”
The ACLU ’s Sucker Money Calculator spreadsheet offers an estimate ( based on a simple per capita calculation ) of how much Real ID would cost each state according to the DHS estimate , how much each state would receive under a Congressional allocation of $ 300 million ( or any other size ) , and how much that would leave the residents of each state paying through taxes and fees .
The ACLU pointed out that actual costs in each state will vary according to a large number of factors , including whether the state already complies with some elements of Real ID .
“ Just this week the GAO issued a report forecasting serious fiscal problems for the states in the next few years , ” said Timothy Sparapani , senior legislative counsel to the ACLU .
“ Real ID is not what they need .
State officials should do themselves and their constituents a big favor by continuing to demand that Congress undo this wasteful boondoggle of a law . ”
A copy of the Sucker Money Calculator spreadsheet ( in Excel format ) can be found at :
/ safefree/general/30840res20070720.html
To read the GAO report on state fiscal challenges , go to :
http://www.gao.gov/new.items/d071080sp.pdf
# # #
If the Republicans had any notion they might hold onto the 49 Senate seats they currently control – or even , in their wildest dreams , recapture control of the 100 - seat chamber – those thoughts have vanished .
The retirement announcements of Sens. Chuck Hagel of Nebraska and John Warner of Virginia put two safe Republican seats in play , and with strong Democrats waiting in the wings , they could wind up in the " D " column .
There 's more than a year to go before the November 2008 elections , but political prognosticators are already predicting several Democratic pickups in the Senate .
" I can see [ the Democrats ] getting to 55 , and if it's a stretch , 56 , " says Larry Sabato , a political scientist at the University of Virginia who tracks every race .
Democrats are eager to pad their majority in the Senate , as the current 51 - to - 49 edge leaves them vulnerable to the whims or misfortunes of individual members .
Sen .
Joe Lieberman , a pro-Iraq war Independent from Connecticut who caucuses with the Democrats , remains a flight risk to the GOP .
And Sen. Tim Johnson ( D ) of South Dakota , who has just returned to the Capitol after a lengthy illness , says he 's back to stay and will run for reelection .
But Democrats would rather not have their majority dependent on his ability to continue .
Control of the Senate , always a plum , skyrockets in importance when a Supreme Court vacancy occurs and Senate confirmation enters the picture .
Depending on who is next to leave , majority support for the nationwide right to abortion , as enshrined in Roe v. Wade , could hang in the balance .
Now , Democrats are looking at their prospects and feeling flush with possibilities .
Popular former Virginia Gov. Mark Warner ( D ) is likely to enter his state 's Senate race , possibly this week , and would be the favorite to win .
Two Republicans are gearing up to run , setting in motion a potentially costly battle for the nomination .
One is Rep. Tom Davis , a moderate from northern Virginia , who has a national fundraising base from his days as head of the Republicans ' congressional campaign committee .
The other is the conservative former Gov. Jim Gilmore , who recently dropped out of the presidential race and whose tenure as governor did not win rave reviews .
If the Republicans nominate their candidate by convention ( versus a primary ) , Mr. Gilmore has a good shot – since conventions are attended by activists , and activists tend to be conservative .
The party seems headed down the convention route , but analysts warn against counting out Mr. Davis .
His hiring of hardball operative Chris LaCivita shows that he 's fighting to win , says Jennifer Duffy , Senate expert at the Cook Political Report .
Davis would be stronger in the general election than Gilmore , she and other analsyts say .
In Nebraska , former Sen. Bob Kerrey ( D ) is considering a bid to rejoin the Senate .
He retired in 2001 and moved to New York to head up the progressive New School .
Whether his new New York liberal persona will fly in the heartland is an open question .
If former Gov. Mike Johanns ( R ) , now secretary of Agriculture , leaves the Bush administration to run for the Senate , he could give Senator Kerrey a run for his money .
The only other open Senate seat , in Colorado , was also vacated by a Republican , Wayne Allard , and is categorized as a tossup in the Cook Political Report .
But this is an election cycle that puts the Senate Republicans at a distinct disadvantage .
The GOP is defending 22 seats versus 12 for the Democrats .
The only vulnerable Democrat is Mary Landrieu of Louisiana , while the Republicans are playing defense in three other states , besides the three already mentioned : Maine , Minnesota , and New Hampshire .
And two other states could become vulnerabilities for the Republicans – New Mexico , if Sen .
Pete Domenici retires , and Alaska , where Sen .
Ted Stevens is under investigation for corruption .
Suddenly , says Ms. Duffy , the Democrats reaching a 60 - seat filibuster - proof majority is not impossible .
( The ninth state that could become vulnerable for Republicans is Oregon , where Sen. Gordon Smith is not considered safe . )
" The Democrats hate talking about it – they think it sets expectations too high , " says Duffy .
But now that she can see seven Democratic takeovers , with two others " hanging out there , " she wo n't rule it out .
For the Democrats to reach 60 , " it means everything has to go right for them , but everything went right for them last time , " she says .
In essence , it would take two " perfect storm " elections in a row for the Democrats to make such large net gains in Senate seats .
The last time one party made a net gain of six seats or more two elections in a row was during the Great Depression , notes political analyst Rhodes Cook .
In fact , during the 1930s , it happened four cycles in a row .
The Republicans entered the 1930 election cycle with 56 seats and came out of the 1936 election with 17 .
But even if times are tough today for the Republican Party , no one is arguing Depression - era tough .
Mr. Sabato also highly doubts the Democrats can reach 60 in the Senate in 2008 .
And even if they did , he says , they still would not have 60 reliable votes , considering the independent Lieberman and other Democrats who at times break with their caucus .
Britney Spears Nixes Rolling Stone Cover Deal ( New Weekend Photos )
and her camp , in an effort to further hype her new album " Blackout " , have been trying to land a cover deal with " Rolling Stone " magazine .
The star was apparently ready to sign a deal with publisherwhen she changed her mind .
You might shake your head that she let another opportunity slip through her fingers but she might have actually made a savvy move for a change .
Britney wanted assurances from the magazine mogul that her photos would n't land on the cover of Us Weekly instead .
That happened to Nick Lachey and he was furious .
Spears is seeking some cover exposure in order to get people to take her music seriously but she refuses to take a chance on being screwed by Wenner .
She is reportedly in talks with " Blender " magazine in an attempt to grace their cover .
We 've included Britney 's weekend birthday party pictures .
Click on ' continue reading this post ' and then click each thumbnail photo for a better view .
Serenity in LEGO
Let 's start off with some glamor shots of the whole ship .
I 'd like to mention that this is not a kit or pre-designed model .
I printed out some big photos of the ship from the television series ( most of the photos I found here ) and then just did my best to make a smaller version of things .
I believe that the technical term is " winging it . "
Here 's a nice 3 / 4 view - click on it to open a staggeringly huge version in a new window .
Pretty much the same shot ...... or is it ?
Note that the covers on the Firefly drive ( far left ) are now open .
( Again , click for a huge version of this shot . )
Those two photos give you a pretty good idea of the overall conversion .
You might be interested in some scale numbers though ...
Height 9 " ( To top of bridge ) Length 33 " ( Nose to tail ) Width 21 " ( Nacelle to Nacelle ) Scale 1:55 ( The real Serenity is 150 ' long . )
In the Adult Fan of LEGO ( AFoL ) community , there is a building standard called SHIP .
( Seriously Huge Investment in Parts )
My version of Serenity is a C1 SHIP , at approximately 105 studs long .
Sadly , I have no idea on how many individual parts make up the model - one of the disadvantages of making things up as you go along !
Serenity is more than just a bunch of bricks randomly slapped together , though .
I spent months making sure that the details matched up with what appeared on the screen .
In this photo you can see the nacelle turned at about a 45° angle .
Although too delicate to be a " play feature " , each engine can rotate 360° .
( This actually revealed a design flaw in the models they use for the show .
There 's a support strut under each engine that 's visible from time to time on the show .
The problem is that the strut is supposed to connect the side of the ship to the bottom of the engine - to pull it into the " landed " position .
The same strut , if connected , prevents the engine from rotating !
If you know about this flaw - and watch the shows very closely - you can see the CGI folks " cheat " where the brace attaches , and even cheat where it emerges from the side of the ship via forced perspectives . )
UPDATE : Now that I own the DVD of the Serenity Movie ( and if you do n't have your own copy , I advise you to go out and get one ! )
I can happily report that the Design Team fixed this problem for the feature film !
While freeze - framing my way through some scenes , I noticed that the support strut now detaches from the engines when they turn and retacts partly into the hull !
There 's a new clamp on the end of the arm to brace the engine in normal flight and landing modes as well .
Very well done !
Next up - More Detail Fun
or
Back to Previous Page
Back to my other LEGO Creations
These java applets calculate the effect of a change in sea level on the topography for different regions of the world , such as Europe , Japan , the United States , South - East Asia or France .
Input a value for the change of sea level ( negative values for a decrease in sea level , positive value for an increase ) in the left entry , the program recalculates the map of the region of interrest and adjusts the color scale .
For information the level of the oceans was about 300 m above the present value 95 millions years ago ,
it was about 600 m above the present value 450 millions years ago ,
18000yrs ago , during the last ice age , sea level was 100 m below today 's level ,
a full melting of the polar ice caps would imply a rise of about 70 - 80 meters .
As demonstrated by these ( basic ) calculations , the influence of such changes on the coastal contours is quite drastic .
It was pointed out that some of the results might look surprising .
For instance , if you get the map of France and a sea level of +4000 m , you 'll end up with the Mont Blanc under water ...
Well , this is simply a smoothing effect .
These applets are based on samples extracted from the etopo5 topography dataset and do not include a full coverage .
Therefore , a single spot like the top of the Mont Blanc is not treated properly .
Similarly , colors are based on altitude only , so a place like Death Valley in the US might look underwater with the current sea level ...
If you want to download these applets to use them on your own web page or locally , please follow this link .
There is also a downloable program that performs the same calculations and allows you to print or export the simulated maps into jpeg or png .
It is available here : http://merkel.ZoneO.net/Topo/Programme/
( sorry , available version is french only for now and includes topography files for the World , Europe and France )
There is now another version of this software based on the google maps interface , you can find here : http://flood.firetree.net/.
That project is completely independent from mine and I found it rather well done .
Last updated : 01/2007 Sebastien Merkel , 07/2003
Last updated : 01/2007
Semiotics and REST
I think the biggest confusion about REST is that it's not a protocol , it 's a way to think about extremely big information systems .
To compare prior models with REST , one has to think about the problem of information management & manipulation in network .
Traditionally , distributed systems saw data as globally consistent -- one used two - phase commit to ensure this consistency .
However , many organizations have applications with " copies " of data , or with their own independent database , and use replication or messaging to enable a level of partial consistency .
With this approach , one can view the network as having " autonomous " services , each with its own independent view of information .
The latter is more common in practice in most enterprises , it 's the most scalable , and is also the view that SOA tends to take .
One of my favorite discussions of the implications of an " autonomous " model of information management is from Pat Helland .
This idea , one I blogged about way back in late 2003 , is a separation between " data on the outside " vs. " data on the inside " , which he discussed at the Microsoft PDC and also captured in this article .
" Data on the inside " is service - private data .
No one can see it except the service itself , it is encapsulated .
" Data on the outside " includes messages & reference data ( where messages typically are the means of conveying reference data ) .
In this approach , information may be represented differently between service boundaries ( e.g. Inside , with an RDBMS , for example , and outside , with an XML document ) .
But , here is the key point : there is a shared meaning , or concept behind both representations of the data , and the service implicitly has a 3 - way " mapping " between the inside representation , the conceptual meaning of the information , and the outside representation .
This three - way relationship is also known as a semiotic relationship : between the symbol , an object , and the concept .
Without this relationship , it 's very hard to communicate ideas whose substance evolves over time with any precision or integrity , and arguably it's one of the cornerstones of information management theory .
To contrast the two models of REST and SOA :
In SOA , this " conceptual mapping " is implicit in the service boundary .
Many such mappings may be conveyed through a service boundary .
They are always there , but are usually tacit , or encoded in an application - specific manner .
In REST , this semiotic " mapping " between an information concept , the inside of a service & the data represented outside a service , is called a resource .
And each resource is given one or more unique identifiers in a uniform syntax .
In SOA , the service contract is the key abstraction of an information system .
It forces the information system into a model where everything is viewed as a shared agreement between one or more producers & consumer of messages .
In REST , the resource is the KEY abstraction of a global information system .
One service = one resource .
It forces the whole information system into an application model where all actions are generalized into uniform methods of sign ( representation ) exchange .
And the representations themselves contain uniform links to other resources , ensuring that no out - of - band information is ever required to interact with the system -- connected resources , pulled and manipulated as desired , become the engine of any agent 's desired ends .
The caveat :
Using REST for the problem - space that WS -* is intended to solve still requires a lot of work by industry .
There are n't enough standards to make this as easy as it could be .
Though the publication of Atompub , the burgeoning Microformats effort , etc. , we 're in a very good state .
The point of these debates , yet again :
To me , it is not that WS -* sucks , or that REST is a faddish religion .
It is that vendors are not addressing fundamental problems in the application model that SOA derives from , i.e. a hybrid of component - based development , OO - RPC , and messaging - oriented middleware .
It is bound to hit a wall of our own making , as currently practiced .
We 've been trying one variant or another of this approach for 15 + years , and only recently have gotten reasonably good at it .
We convinced ourselves that XML Infosets would solve the political and usability challenges .
But even if we standardize transactions , and security , and reliability in XML infosets , we still do not have a very scalable , interoperable , or loosely coupled model for information systems -- because everyone will still be inventing their own !
The real problem lurking was that we , with SOA , were n't treating information as an asset : a resource that can evolve over time .
Even if we knew that these resources existed , and should be managed with care , they were tacitly hidden in our IDL , schemas , and WSDLs , or in a " governance document " of some sort .
We were n't enabling a low - barrier to entry to access those resources in our information systems .
And we were n't connecting our services together into a web , where discovery was a natural act .
Yet the World Wide Web has effectively nailed a good chunk of these problems .
We could re-invent the Web in XML -- but why ?
Could n't we use it for its strengths , while integrating the WS -* technologies where they really add value in enhancing ( instead of replacing ! ) the Web ?
Posted by stu at July 26 , 2007 07:53 PM
By Helen Briggs
Science reporter , BBC News
Young chimps outperformed university students in memory tests devised by Japanese scientists .
The tasks involved remembering the location of numbers on a screen , and correctly recalling the sequence .
The findings , published in Current Biology , suggest we may have under -estimated the intelligence of our closest living relatives .
Until now , it had always been assumed that chimps could not match humans in memory and other mental skills .
" There are still many people , including many biologists , who believe that humans are superior to chimpanzees in all cognitive functions , " said lead researcher Tetsuro Matsuzawa of Kyoto University .
We are still underestimating the intellectual capability of chimpanzees , our evolutionary neighbours
Dr Tetsuro Matsuzawa
" No one can imagine that chimpanzees - young chimpanzees at the age of five - have a better performance in a memory task than humans .
" Here we show for the first time that young chimpanzees have an extraordinary working memory capability for numerical recollection - better than that of human adults tested in the same apparatus , following the same procedure . "
Memory tests
Dr Matsuzawa and colleagues tested three pairs of mother and baby chimpanzees against university students in a memory task involving numbers .
The mothers and their five - year - old offspring had already been taught to " count " from one to nine .
During the experiment , each subject was presented with various numerals from one to nine on a touch screen monitor .
The numbers were then replaced with blank squares and the test subject had to remember which number appeared in which location , then touch the appropriate square .
They found that , in general , the young chimps performed better than their mothers and the adult humans .
The university students were slower than all of the three young chimpanzees in their response .
The researchers then varied the amount of time that the numbers appeared on - screen to compare the working memory of humans and chimps .
HOW FAST CAN YOU COUNT ?
Humans can instantly " see " about four or five dots at a glance - but research suggests chimps are sometimes better than humans at counting in this way .
Take the test
The shortest time duration , 210 milliseconds , did not leave enough time for the subjects to explore the screen by eye movement - something we do all the time when we read .
This is evidence , the researchers believe , that young chimps have a photographic memory which allows them to memorise a complex scene or pattern at a glance .
This is sometimes present in human children but declines with age , they say .
" Young chimpanzees have a better memory than human adults , " Dr Matsuzawa told BBC News .
" We are still underestimating the intellectual capability of chimpanzees , our evolutionary neighbours . "
' Ground - breaking '
Dr Lisa Parr , who works with chimps at the Yerkes Primate Center at Emory University in Atlanta , US , described the research as " ground - breaking " .
Dr Matsuzawa and chimps Ai and Ayuma
She said the importance of these primates for understanding the skills necessary for the evolution of modern humans was unparalleled .
" They are our closest living relatives and thus are in a unique position to inform us about our evolutionary heritage , " said Dr Parr .
" These studies tell us that elaborate short - term memory skills may have had a much more salient function in early humans than is present in modern humans , perhaps due to our increasing reliance on language - based memory skills . "
The research is published in Current Biology , a publication of Cell Press .
One day , when he ’s sick of making documentaries , Sicko filmmaker Michael Moore should start a powerhouse marketing company .
Because no one does it better than he does .
He ’s picked public fights with CNN ’s Wolf Blitzer , accused the New York Stock Exchange of banning a CNBC interview with him , and milked that federal probe of his trip to Cuba for the movie .
And those are just the controversies I remember .
As well he should , and all documentary filmmakers should emulate his guerrilla marketing acumen if they want their pics to be seen .
Here ’s his latest publicity stunt to keep people talking about The Weinstein Co pic , which should pass his Oscar winning Bowling for Columbine in gross domestic receipts in the next few weeks .
Moore was appearing on MSNBC ’s Hardball with Chris Matthews yesterday when the filmmaker proposed this :
MATTHEWS :
There ’s probably a half - million people watching right now at different times today .
And I want you to give them advice .
MOORE : Yes .
MATTHEWS :
If they`re right now having a problem with their HMO , and they ’re not getting treatment for something they think is important , is it best to call their congressperson ?
What do they do to make sure the kind of thing that happened in your movie happens to them ?
MOORE : Actually , what I tell people is , if you ’re having trouble right now with your insurance company , and they wo n’t pay for something , go ahead and use my name , just say …
MATTHEWS : Say Michael Moore has been talking to me ?
MOORE : Say that I ’m coming , that you have talked to me personally .
You have my permission to do that .
In fact , at the end of this week , on my Web site , I ’m going have a little like Sicko insurance card you can download , print it out , laminate it , and take it in and say that you ’re now part of my team , and that we ’re going to put you on the DVD if you do n’t help my child .
And , so , I give blanket permission to anybody who wants to do that .
Carry your Sicko card with you .
And , actually , I got this idea because a number of people have already gone ahead and done it .
MATTHEWS :
The guy did it in the movie .
MOORE : He did it in the movie .
MATTHEWS : Yes .
Without your permission .
MOORE : And he just said , ‘ Michael Moore is coming ’ .
I never met the guy .
The guy just went ahead and said , ‘ Michael Moore is doing this film . ’
And , like a week later , the insurance company said , ‘ OK , we will pay for your daughter ’s ear operation . ’
MATTHEWS : God , there ’s nothing like a little blackmail .
( LAUGHTER )
" How many times have you been arrested , Mr. President ? "
* $ 2484.00 Bounty to the first person to ask George W. Bush this question in a public forum .
$ 6000.00 MORE
Contact john_goldstone@nospamyahoo.com with documentation to claim the original bounty !
Contact answerbounty@ ( nospam ) gmail.com to claim the independently offered Answer Bounty
* **** Up toif the question is televised and answered !
Go to The $ 6,000 Answer Bounty for details .
A PayPal donation button has been added .
Please contribute to make the bounty grow !
If it is unclaimed by 11/2/04 , the total donations will be given to the DNC .
Thanks to FirstDraft thebewilderness and paul's ...
Abroad At Home for the links !
Special thanks to The Talent Show for the inspired satire
Any military intervention in the Caspian Sea area would be unacceptable , Mr Putin declared as he attended a five - country regional summit in Tehran .
" We should not even think of making use of force in this region , " Mr Putin told his fellow leaders .
His remarks also appeared directed at Azerbaijan , amid Russian media speculation that the US might be trying to negotiate with the republic on the right to use military facilities there , something Azeri officials deny .
" We are saying that no Caspian nation should offer its territory to third powers for use of force or military aggression against any Caspian state , " Mr Putin said .
A summit declaration from the five , which include Turkmenistan and Kazakhstan beside Russia , Iran and Azerbaijan , subsequently stressed that " under no circumstances will they allow ( the use of their ) territories by third countries to launch aggression or other military action against any of the member states " .
The first Kremlin leader to visit Iran since Joseph Stalin in 1943 , Mr Putin is holding talks with Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , the Iranian president , on Tehran 's nuclear dispute with the west during the summit .
The importance of Mr Putin 's trip to the Iranian side was clearly illustrated by the presence of Manouchehr Mottaki , Iran 's foreign minister , who greeted Mr Putin as he stepped of his plane after it landed at Tehran 's Mehrabad airport at around 9 am local time ( 6.30 BST ) .
Leaders from Azerbaijan , Kazakhstan and Turkmenistan were met by lower - level dignitaries .
Mr Putin was later greeted personally by Mr Ahmadinejad , before the start of the summit at the palatial Saad Abad complex in north Tehran , local media reported .
Mr Putin has been accompanied by a retinue of 180 staff , aides and security personnel .
A fleet of armoured cars has also been shipped from Russia for his trip .
The Russian leader 's arrival had earlier been in doubt after the Russian special security services disclosed on Sunday that they had uncovered a plot to assassinate him in a suicide bomb in the Iranian capital .
Iranian officials angrily dismissed the alleged conspiracy as " psychological warfare " .
Mr Putin 's presence was widely expected to overshadow the official purpose of the conference , which is ostensibly to thrash out disagreements over the sharing of resources in the oil - rich Caspian Sea .
Iran sees the arrival of Mr Putin - who accepted Mr Ahmadinejad 's invitation to visit when the pair met at an Asian co-operation summit in Shanghai in August - as a major coup in its efforts to resist western pressure over its nuclear programme , which the US and its allies suspect is aimed at building an atomic bomb .
Russia 's veto on the UN security council means its support is vital if Iran is to avoid a third round of sanctions when the body meets next month .
Moscow has criticised US attempts to pressure Tehran through economic sanctions and military threats and has called for greater engagement with Iran .
Last week , Mr Putin angered the US by declaring that there was no " objective evidence " that Iran is trying to develop a nuclear bomb .
However , he has also called on Iran to show greater openness and flexibility over its uranium enrichment programme .
The nuclear issue is not on the summit agenda , but it will be discussed when Mr Putin holds one - on - one meetings with Mr Ahmadinejad and Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , Iran 's supreme leader , who has the final say on all state matters .
Despite the official hype , Mr Putin 's visit is being treated with scepticism .
Russia is mistrusted by many Iranians , who point to a history of hostile relations going back two centuries .
Iran is angry over delays in a £ 500 m contract with Russia to build the Bushehr nuclear power station .
Russia has put completion on hold because of alleged late payments by the Iranians .
Iran has denied the accusation and believes Russia is merely trying to use the issue to wring concessions over the nuclear programme .
The historic suspicions were reflected in an article today on the reformist No Rouz website , headlined The Second Turkmanchai Is On Its Way , a reference to an 1828 peace treaty in which Iran was forced to cede large swathes of territory in the Caucasus to Russia .
The article claimed Iran was being pressed to accept a " shameful " agreement giving it an 11 % share of Caspian resources in a package that would allow Russian nuclear submarines to sail close to the Iranian coast .
Until 1991 , Tehran and Moscow had equal shares in the Caspian Sea , but the break - up of the Soviet Union triggered moves to re-allocate resources .
Iran says the resources should be shared equally among the five Caspian states , but Russia believes it should be based on coastal size , giving Tehran a much smaller proportion and depriving it of gas and oil resources .
Opening today 's conference , Mr Ahmadinejad ignored such difficulties .
" The five countries are all cradles of civilisation and have existed in peace for thousands of years , " he said .
It pains me to say this , but this time Alan Greenspan is right about housing .
Mr. Greenspan was wrong in 2004 , when he sang the praises of adjustable - rate mortgages .
He was wrong in 2005 , when he dismissed the idea that there was a national housing bubble , suggesting that at most there was some “ froth ” in the market .
He was wrong last fall , when he suggested that the worst of the housing slump was behind us .
( Housing starts have fallen 30 percent since then . )
But his latest pronouncement  that the market rescue plan being pushed by Henry Paulson , the Treasury secretary , is likely to make things worse rather than better  looks all too accurate .
To understand why , we need to talk about the nature of the mess .
First of all , as I could have told you  actually , I did  there was indeed a huge national housing bubble .
What even those of us who realized that there was a bubble did n’t appreciate , however , was how much of a threat the bursting of that bubble would pose to financial markets .
On the one hand , there is the remembering of the trauma , be it acute or cumulative and on the other hand .. there is the terrible feeling of remorse ... that the trauma contributed to a " life unlived . "
One of my favorite therapists used to say , " An unexamined life is not worth living , but an unlived life is not worth examining . "
A corollary of this argument would be that an unlived life is not worth living , and here we arrive at the element of deep despair in the feeling of remorse .
" I have not lived . "
Add to this the feeling of existential guilt , " I have committed the crime of not living , " and a feeling of despair , " and I shall never live . "
Clients and therapist alike wish to avoid painful feelings like these .
Therapists may feel like they are causing unnecessary pain to clients and thus not uncover feelings of remorse , or even try to talk the client out of their remorse with hopeful and uplifting comments .
If this is done the client is left alone with their remorse and with the self - hatred and despair that are part of it .
..
.. Perhaps the patterns of self - defeating behavior or depression and despair persist .
Perhaps both the client and the therapist see the client as resisting or as a chronic case ... a “ help - rejecting complainer ” and no forward movement occurs .
My belief is that only by opening up the complex of the feeling of remorse can forward movement be made .
Clive Hazell , PhD ...
The Experience of Emptiness image from book : I Will Not Die an Unlived Life :
Reclaiming Purpose and Passion - by Dawna Markova
Some students work to pay for ' essentials ' says the NUS
The University and College Union , which represents university lecturers , says working long hours makes them too tired to participate in college life .
This could impact on their CV when they face the job market , say lecturers .
The government argues more support has been given to reduce the time students have to work to boost their income .
Estimates say that half of all students who do a full - time degree , work to help pay their way .
On average they work 14 hours a week , but some work more than 20 hours a week , says the BBC's Sarah Pennells .
Concern
Potentially , students who work the longest hours may be too tired to get the most from their lectures , but they could also be too busy to get involved in the student paper or join clubs and societies that could help their CV stand out .
Sally Hunt , from the University and College Union , said there was concern about the number of students who are working long hours .
" A student who 's had simply to work to live will not necessarily have had the choices to build their career and it means they 're at a detriment immediately they go into the job market , " she said .
" Employers have to look for the relevant experience . "
Research by the National Union of Students shows that 10 % of students have considered dropping out of university because of financial concerns .
Ama Uzowuru , vice president of the NUS , says students are not working to buy gadgets such as MP3 players and DVDs , but the essentials such as books and food .
" They leave university and they have n't worked on the student newspaper and they have n't done those activities at university that they could do , " she said .
' Work value '
Other experts believe that the experience of working can actually help students secure a job when they graduate .
Fraser Lewis , of Graduate Recruitment Company , says employers value work experience , even if it is not directly relevant to their career .
The government rejects the charge that students are forced to make a choice between financing their university degree and getting a good CV .
Education Minister Bill Rammell says the government has put a new package of financial support in place for students starting university this autumn , which should mean students do not have to work more than they want to .
" We do n't want students to work excessive hours , but as long as students do n't work more than about 15 hours a week , I think there are some advantages , " he said .
Yesterday it was announced that George Bush has unilaterally decided that the United States will have what appears to be a permanent presence in Iraq .
As explained by General Douglas Lute , Assistant to the President for Iraq and Afghanistan :
Today 's declaration outlines the main parts of what we expect that emerging agreement to contain .
There should be a political - diplomatic segment , there will be a segment dealing with economic affairs , and then a security segment .
Today 's agreement is not binding , but rather it 's a mutual statement of intent that will be used to frame our formal negotiations in the course of the upcoming year .
Do you remember what George Bush said when he announced his temporary " surge " of troops ?
The most urgent priority for success in Iraq is security ...
To empower local leaders , Iraqis plan to hold provincial elections later this year .
And to allow more Iraqis to re-enter their nation 's political life , the government will reform de-Baathification laws , and establish a fair process for considering amendments to Iraq 's constitution . [...]
To show that it is committed to delivering a better life , the Iraqi government will spend $ 10 billion of its own money on reconstruction and infrastructure projects that will create new jobs . [...]
We will use America 's full diplomatic resources to rally support for Iraq from nations throughout the Middle East .
Bush started with security , political , economic and diplomatic goals , and now he has security , political , economic and diplomatic goals .
The only difference ?
In January our commitment was , " not open - ended , " and in November the long - term agreement , " is not binding . "
How 's that for progress ?
November 28 , 2007
Bush just pulled the knee strings on his puppet in Iraq , and Nouri al - Maliki did the jig .
The prime minister signed on to a deal laying the groundwork for the long - term presence of U.S. troops there .
Permanent military bases , anyone ?
To inaugurate the pact , U.S. troops in Baghdad killed three women on a bus that was approaching a U.S. roadblock .
The arrangement with the Maliki government will ultimately take the place of the U.N. - sanctioned presence of U.S. troops there , which itself is a blot on the U.N.�s record .
And part of the " enduring " relationship that Bush and Maliki laid out in this pact has nothing to do with the presence of U.S. troops , but with the profits of U.S. corporations .
The deal would give " preferential treatment for American investments , " AP reports , adding nonchalantly that this " could provide a huge windfall if Iraq can achieve enough stability to exploit its vast oil resources . "
There�s that dirty three - letter word again�oil , which this war was never supposed to be about but always , in part , was .
Oil and profits are two big reasons why Bush will keep probably more than 100,000 U.S. troops in Iraq for the foreseeable future .
Those are not legitimate reasons to ask our soldiers to die for , and almost 4,000 of them have done so already .
But at least it�s out in the open now .
The crassness , that is .
Ron Paul ’s Summer Reading List
DIGG THIS
Want to understand American foreign policy , where it has gone wrong , and where it can go right ?
Start with the four books that Ron Paul recommended to Rudy Giuliani , then add Ron ’s own wonderful book .
The Best of Ron Paul
Damn Small Linux ( DSL ) is a Linux distribution with full blown graphical user interface , which was first designed to be small enough to fit on a business card sized CD - ROM ( 50 MB ) .
It still does , but it does much more !
Launching DSL
DSL of course can be booted off a CD - ROM or USB key , but this is not my favorite .
DSL exists in a version which can actually run inside of Windows : there is a VMWare version ( if you already have it installed on your machine ) , and a Qemmu version ( this latter will be on the USB key , so you do n’t need to have it installed on your machine to use DSL ) .
This means that you can load DSL in your USB key , carry it around with you , and then stick it in any Windows computer to let you run your favorite applications .
Applications
Standard DSL is already loaded with many applications including :
a web browser
an mp3 player
a spreadsheet
a word processor
instant messagins
…
Enough to keep you busy !
And if you are willing to spend more space , you can download additionnal packages , ready to use …
You ’ll find more information at the DSL website and be sure to have a look through the wiki as well !
Still amazed and bewildered by the girl who put the “
There ’s nothing more indicative of a man ’s wealth than what he drives .
Seeing as the last time I owned a car the World Trade Center was still standing , I needed to find the next best thing .
What can a man use to show his financial worth while in the lighting limitations of a Manhattan bar ?
It ’s too dark for shoes , and too crowded for clothes .
And like a touch - sensitive menu bar , the answer descended on me .
The iPhone .
Nothing is more recognized and elitist than Time ’s Invention of the Year .
And so begins my experiment .
Can a guy with an iPhone use it to pick up women ?
Still amazed and bewildered by the girl who put the “ I want to date a man who makes $ 500 k a year ” post on Craigslist , I figured a sociological experiment would be in order .
Are women in this city that shallow that they ’ll take silver over substance ?
Does a regular guy stand a chance ?
There ’s nothing more indicative of a man ’s wealth than what he drives .
Seeing as the last time I owned a car the World Trade Center was still standing , I needed to find the next best thing .
What can a man use to show his financial worth while in the lighting limitations of a Manhattan bar ?
It ’s too dark for shoes , and too crowded for clothes .
And like a touch - sensitive menu bar , the answer descended on me .
The iPhone .
Nothing is more recognized and elitist than Time ’s Invention of the Year .
And so begins my experiment .
Can a guy with an iPhone use it to pick up women ?
Date : November 10 , 2007
Place : Welcome to the Johnsons
Crowd : Manhattanites mixed with the B&T crowd spillover from La Caverna .
Cologne : Viktor & Rolf Antidote – lightly misted .
Confidence : Above average
Employment Status : Gainfully unemployed and quickly running out of my severance package .
I arrived at the bar with friends after a few hours of drinking and playing Guitar Hero .
As such , I was lightly buzzed and my left wrist was sore from playing “ Cult of Personality ” on medium .
I instantly spied several girls talking on one of the various couches .
They gave me the once over and looked unimpressed .
It was then that I took out the iPhone .
Now , this is a delicate operation .
No one should talk on the phone in a crowded bar .
It ’s impolite to the person on the other end .
I did n’t want these girls to think I was discourteous .
Instead , I opted to surf the web , feigning that I was looking up our next venue for the night .
“ Dude , how much do you love it ? ”
He was about six three and looked like he just came off the Football field .
My first catch of the night was n’t a girl .
The footballer reached into his pants and took his out .
( His iPhone !
His iPhone !
Settled down . )
He went through , with an exceptional amount of pride , his “ added ” applications .
Other guys started to crowd around , asking questions about the camera , browser and Google Maps .
Suddenly , it looked like a Rugby scrum .
Through the forest of bodies , I could see the girls putting their coats on just as a guy asked me how AT&T ’s signal strength was in SoHo .
I forgot to take into account the guy factor .
Put something small , electronic , and slightly impractical in front of guys and they ’ll pounce like a pack of wolves on a three - legged deer .
My plan had failed , but I chalk it up to the setting .
Next weekend , I need to go more high - class .
After all , money attracts money , right ?
I may have to lose the group of friends and just take a few select buddies of varying sexes .
And I certainly need to keep the phone hidden from anything with facial hair ... ex-girlfriends included .
When we consider the strangeness of life , we tend to focus on the macroscopic oddities , like the Yeti crab and amphibians with tentacles on their heads .
But there 's an exceedingly strange world that operates on the biochemical level in many of the single celled eukaryotes , one that violates a lot of what we think we know about the tidy goings - on inside a cell .
Those of you who caught a report on the cilliate Tetrahymena a while back read about one example of this strangeness .
These organisms actually run around with two genomes .
One of these is used for mating , while the second is a copy of the first after it 's chopped into pieces , pared down , and then amplified up to about 50 copies .
Today 's Nature contains a description of another cilliate , Oxytricha trifallax , that takes this genome processing to excess : it actually rearranges pieces of the mating chromosomes in order to construct its non-mating genome .
This raises a big question : how do these cells know which pieces to put where while the reassembly of its primary genome is taking place ?
The non-mating DNA can't be used , because one of the early steps in mating involves digesting it .
The results in Nature suggest an unexpected answer : it uses chromosome - sized RNA molecules as templates for the rearrangements .
The research team came to this conclusion based on a number of lines of evidence .
They were able to detect large , double - stranded RNAs , much larger than the normal messenger RNAs , in the organism during mating .
They also found that interfering RNAs that targeted post - rearrangement sequences for destruction would cause the rearrangements to produce a variety of aberrant products .
Finally , injecting RNA that had unusual rearrangement patterns was able to direct the reassembly of indentically unusual chromosomes after mating .
All of this evidence points to large RNAs having a key role in directing the reconstruction of the genome .
The authors conclude that the most likely scenario is that one of the first steps in the mating process is to create RNA copies of all the chromosomes in the non-mating genome , after which that genome is destroyed .
These RNA molecules are used by enzymes to order the DNA segments that are produced from fragmented copies of the mating genome , which are then linked to form the adult chromosome .
Their conclusion helps reinforce one of my long - standing conclusions : that these complex , single celled organisms have a wealth of unusual biology that we 're only beginning to understand .
Nature , 2007 .
DOI : 10.1038/nature06452
[ erlang - questions ]
How to avoid copying code ?
On 2006 - 11-25 11:53 , Mazen wrote : ... deleted >
Obviously this function definition is exactly the same in all 20 - 30 > modules , which I do n't really like .
Is there a way to define this > function only once ?
In Java I 'd create an abstract ancestor class for how about having one module with the common code for this function , and then let all 20 - 30 other modules call this module for the common parts and only supply the module specific things ( like values ) on the 20 - 30 modules ?
bengt -- EPO guidelines 1978 : " If the contribution to the known art resides solely in a computer program then the subject matter is not patentable in whatever manner it may be presented in the claims . "
A year in headlines of the day :
January 7 : GM Vows to Defend Title Against Toyota
How ’s that working out ?
January 25 : Gnome , gnome on derange SYDNEY , Jan 25 ( Reuters Life ! ) –
It ’s being called the “ Gnomesville Massacre ” and emergency workers in Western Australia are offering a reward for the capture of vandals who smashed their way through a local tourist attraction .
January 31 : French health minister seeks nap study
March 8 : Borat seen as human rights victim by U.S. government A State Dept. report cited Borat ’s loss of his Kazakh webpage http://www.borat.kz in late 2005 alongside court cases and limits on free speech faced by the few domestic media critical of Kazakhstan ’s long - serving President Nursultan Nazarbayev .
March 20 : “ Hundreds Line Up For Sheep Testicles ”
In Scotland they call it speed dating
April 16 : 5000 rabbits block traffic on major highway in Hungary Were they hungry Hungarian rabbits ?
April 18 : Seattle Man Charged
In Bizarre Duck Case Yeah , like there ’s a chance in hell you ’re not going to read the rest of that story .
The lead , however , is even better :
“ EVERETT , Wash .
A Seattle man has been charged with a slew of crimes that involved an alleged shoplifting , assaults and a pet duck named Mr. Peepers . ”
I think Mr. Peepers is a canard or at least a red herring .
The terror alert level has been set at duck l’orange .
April 27 : San Anselmo teen wearing prom dress , combat boots chases down thieves in S.F.
“ Erin Schrode , a 16 - year - old sophomore at Marin Academy , was decked out in prom gear and boots when she jumped into pursuit of three youths who swiped a friend ’s purse and a laptop computer at an afternoon protest rally . ”
June 12 : Wild new flavours spice up German sausages German butchers have introduced a new line of exotic - tasting sausages with flavours ranging from kiwi , maraschino cherry , lemon and even aloe vera .
June 25 : Giant penguins may have roamed Peru
July 8 : Rushmore from Cheese “ Get ready for Mount Rushmore to roll into your town this summer !
Instead of granite from the Black Hills of South Dakota , the profiles of presidents Washington , Jefferson , T. Roosevelt , and Lincoln will be carved out of real cheese as part of the Cheez - It ( R ) Big Cheese Tour .
The 700 pound portable cheddar cheese version of our nation ’s first grand fromages , created by veteran cheese carver , Troy Landwehr , will help raise awareness of products made with 100 percent real cheese . ”
October 1 Tropical activity possible in Gulf of Mexico Glad we cleared that up .
October 24 : Fire affects TV shows , celebrities CNN on the California wildfires .
October 25 : SpongeBob Squarepants Digital Camera Is Neither Square - Shaped Nor Made Of Sponges
October 31 : Man Gets Probation in Pickle Assault Includes the quote of the year : “ The fact that it ’s silly does n’t mean that it ’s not serious . ” –
Berrien , MI , Trial Court Judge Scott Schofield sentencing Bobby Bolen to time served and 1 year of probation for assaulting two people .
November 3 : Maker of Lipitor Digs In to Fight Generic Rival
November 8 : How Google Can Take the High Road on Privacy Mr. Orwell !
Mr. Orwell ! Call for Mr. Orwell !
November 12 : How to Teach Marketers to Be Authentic
December 5 : News Corp May Have Found God , But Not LinkedIn
December 14 : Demand softens for ant aphrodisiac
Stealing from God Religion Trends
Source
( Listed if other than Religion News Blog )
Jan. 21 , 2007
Joe Burris
www.baltimoresun.com
The Baltimore Sun , USAJan. 21 , 2007Joe Burris
More About This Subject
This post was last updated : Friday , May 9 , 2014 at 2:15 PM , Central European Time ( CET )
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - A new and virulent strain of adenovirus , which frequently causes the common cold , has spread in parts of the United States , killing 10 people and putting dozens into hospitals , U.S. health officials said on Thursday .
An enlarged view of an adenovirus particle .
The viral capsid is an icosahedron with 12 antenna - like fiber projections that function to attach the virus to the cell surface during infection .
A new and virulent strain of adenovirus , which frequently causes the common cold , has spread in parts of the United States , killing 10 people and putting dozens into hospitals , health officials said on Thursday .
REUTERS / Handout
A U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention report detailed cases of people ill since May 2006 with a strain of the virus called adenovirus 14 in New York , Oregon , Washington state and Texas .
“ Whether you ’re a healthy young adult , an infant or an elderly person , this virus can cause severe respiratory disease at any age , ” said John Su , who investigates infectious diseases for the CDC and contributed to the report .
Two of the 10 people who have died from the new strain were infants , Su said .
The CDC report said about 140 people have been sickened by the virus and more than 50 hospitalized , including 24 admitted to intensive care units .
Adenoviruses frequently cause acute upper respiratory tract infections like the common cold , but also can cause other illnesses including inflammation of the stomach and intestines , pink eye , bladder infection and rashes .
Colds caused by adenoviruses can be very severe in the very young and the very old as well as in certain other people , like those with compromised immune systems .
“ For most everybody else , it causes a mild illnesses , you get over it , life goes on , ” Su said in a telephone interview .
“ What makes this particular adenovirus a little different is that it has the capability of making healthy young adults severely ill .
And that ’s unusual for an adenovirus , and that ’s why it ’s got our attention , ” Su added .
It is possible people outside these four states have been sickened by the new strain of the virus , Su said .
DIMENSION OF THE PROBLEM
Dr. William Schaffner , a spokesman for the National Foundation for Infectious Diseases , said an important next step is for public health officials to determine the dimension of the problem .
“ I think this is a big alert to those of us in infectious diseases and public health to gather the appropriate specimens and see how widely distributed this virus is , ” said Schaffner , chairman of the Department of Preventive Medicine at Vanderbilt University School of Medicine in Nashville , Tennessee .
The first case described in the report was that of an infant girl in New York City who died in May 2006 .
The report also described illnesses from the virus at Lackland Air Force Base in Texas .
A 19 - year - old female recruit at the base died from the virus .
Seven other people died in Oregon , including an infant .
And a patient with AIDS died in Washington state .
Dr. Anthony Fauci , director of the U.S. National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases , said adenoviruses are notorious for spreading illness particularly among military recruits placed in close quarters .
“ The cases described in this report are unusual because they suggest the emergence of a new and virulent Ad14 ( adenovirus 14 ) variant that has spread within the United States , ” according to the CDC report .
There are 51 types of adenoviruses , the CDC report said .
Howard Krongard Testifies He Did Not Know His Brother Buzzy Sat on a Blackwater Board , Then Recants
But Buzzy Krongard Says He Told His Brother about His Blackwater Ties Quite Recently
Jon Ponder Byon
11/15/2007 , 8:54 am PT
Guest blogged by Jon Ponder , Pensito Review .
The White House is probably busy right now dusting off a Medal of Freedom --- as well as complete and full pardon --- for Howard " Cookie " Krongard , their inspector general ( IG ) at the State Dept .
It appears that in Krongard 's testimony before the House Oversight and Government Reform yesterday , he made false statements under oath about the membership of his brother , Buzzy Krongard , on an advisory board for Blackwater , the controversial paramilitary security contractor based in North Carolina 's Dismal Swamp .
Blackwater has close ties with Howard Krongard 's bosses in the Bush administration , who have awarded over $ 100 million in contracts to the company since the invasion and occupation of Iraq began .
The fact that the brother of the Bush State Dept .'s chief investigator into Blackwater 's activities in Iraq is on Blackwater 's payroll would appear to be a conflict of interest , to put it mildly .
Early in the hearings , Chairman Henry Waxman ( D - CA ) laid out a series of allegations from officials in the State and Justice departments that Krongard has been stonewalling investigations into corruption and illegal activities by Blackwater and other U.S. personnel and companies in Iraq .
Here is video of Waxman 's questioning and Krongard 's evasive responses :
Laters , Rep. Elijah Cummings ( D - MD ) asked Krongard if his brother was a member of the Blackwater advisory board :
Howard Krongard responded , under oath , with a flat denial :
" I can tell you very frankly , I am not aware of any financial interest or position [ my brother ] has with respect to Blackwater .
It could n’t possibly have affected anything I ’ve done , because I do n’t believe it .
And when these ugly rumors started recently , I specifically asked him .
I do not believe it is true that he is a member of the advisory board , as you stated , and that is something I think I need to say . "
But during the break , Howard Krongard called his brother and found out that Buzzy did , indeed , sit on a Blackwater board :
Krongard recanted his earlier statements and immediately recused himself from future Blackwater investigations :
" This is in response to something I think you found important .
During the break , I did talk contact my brother .
I reached him at home .
He is not at the hotel .
But I learned that he had been at the [ Blackwater ] advisory board meeting yesterday .
I had not been aware of that , and I want to state on the record right that I hereby recuse myself from any matters having to do with Blackwater . "
But when exactly did Krongard learn that Buzzy had taken a seat on the board ?
Under questioning from Rep. Stephen Lynch ( D - MA ) , the IG insisted that he learned about Buzzy 's ties to Blackwater during the phone call just minutes beforehand , and that in a conversation " five or six weeks ago , " Buzzy told him he had no ties to Blackwater .
And yet after the hearings yesterday , Buzzy Krongard told TPM Muckraker that he had informed his brother " Cookie " that he was accepting the seat on the Blackwater advisory board quite recently :
" I had told my brother I was going on the advisory board , " Buzzy Krongard says .
" My brother says that is not the case .
I stand by what I told my brother . "
Buzzy Krongard says the phone conversation was more recent than Cookie Krongard indicated to the committee .
Cookie said it took place about five or six weeks ago .
Buzzy says it was about two or three weeks ago .
Both men say there was just one phone conversation .
How to reconcile the two accounts ?
" I told him I was going on this board .
He claims I did n't tell him , " Buzzy Krongard says .
" So what can I tell you ? "
After Howard Krongard recanted his testimony at the hearing yesterday , he made a telling statement :
" I am not my brother 's keeper , " he said .
Of course , I was joking about the pardon .
What we have learned in the Bush era is that perjury is only a crime when Democrats do it , and only a serious crime if the lie under oath is about sex .
I was interested to see Charles Krauthammer concede today that important " strategic errors " were made in Iraq , " most important , eschewing a heavy footprint , not forcibly suppressing the early looting and letting Moqtada al - Sadr escape with his life in August 2004 . "
Previous to this column , Krauthammer had only mentioned the looting once , in is June 13 , 2003 " Hoaxes , Hype and Humiliation " .
The only point he made in the column was to argue that the story of the looting of Iraq 's national museum had been initially overstated .
Or , as he put it in his typically measured manner , " You 'd have to go back centuries , say , to the Mongol invasion of Baghdad in 1258 , to find mendacity on this scale . "
He referred also to the " narcissism " and " sheer snobbery " of people like Frank Rich who were concerned about the looting .
He then noted that after the stories of widespread looting in Iraq had been debunked ( this would be the same looting he now says was a key strategic error )
" The left simply moved on to another change of subject : the ' hyping ' of the weapons of mass destruction . "
Ha , ha , silly left .
As for Sadr , back in April 2004 at the height of fighting between the US military and the Mahdi Army , Krauathammer was confident .
Back in his April 16 , 2004 column " This Is Hardly Vietnam " he observed merely that " the Shiite establishment has been negotiating on our behalf with the Sadr rebels . "
In his May 14 , 2004 column " The Abu Ghraib Panic " , Krauthammer said that " The Sadr insurgency appears to be waning . "
Sadr , whose survival in 2004 Krauthammer now sees as the key turning point in the war , then goes unmentioned in his columns for almost two years .
And such is the war in Iraq as seen through neocon lenses .
Mistakes are always in the past .
The current policy is always working .
When the mistakes are being made , those who point out the mistakes are tarred as near - treasonous .
Then , after another year or two of pointless , futile bloodshed , it 's conceded that mistakes were made in the past .
But now we 're right on track .
And the liberals , once again , just do n't get it .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
NEW YORK ( CNN ) -- U.S. safety officials have recalled about 4.2 million Chinese - made Aqua Dots bead toys that contain a chemical that has caused some children to vomit and become comatose after swallowing them .
Bindeez , which were named Australia 's toy of the year , contain a chemical that converts into a " date rape " drug .
Scientists have found the popular toy 's coating contains a chemical that , once metabolized , converts into the toxic " date rape " drug GHB , or gamma - hydroxy butyrate , U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission spokesman Scott Wolfson told CNN .
" GHB is this drug that in low doses actually causes euphoria , " said Dr. Sanjay Gupta , CNN 's chief medical correspondent .
" In higher doses , it can cause people to go into a coma .
It can cause seizures .
It can cause something known as hypotonia , where all your muscles just become very flaccid .
" And it can cause people to become amnestic , ... which is why it became a date - rape drug , " Gupta said .
" So this is nasty stuff , and it appears that the chemical is actually converting into it in the body . "
The arts and craft beads , aimed at children 4 years and older , have been selling since April at major U.S. retail stores as " Aqua Dots " and in Australia under the name " Bindeez Beads . "
CPSC spokeswoman Julie Vallese said anyone with Aqua Dots at home should immediately take the toy away from children and contact distributor Spin Master Ltd. to return for free replacement beads or a toy of equal value .
For additional information , contact Spin Master at 1-800-622-8339 between 9 a.m. and 6 p.m. ET , Monday through Friday .
The toy was named toy of the year in Australia and recently made Wal - Mart Stores Inc. 's list of top 12 Christmas toys .
Wal - Mart on Thursday listed Aqua Dots on its Web site as " out of stock online " and had removed them from its top toy list .
Toronto - based Spin Master stopped shipping Aqua Dots and asked retailers to pull them off their shelves , where they had sold for $ 17 to $ 30 .
Watch what 's known about the beads »
Melbourne - based Moose Enterprise Pty. Ltd. recalled Bindeez Beads on Tuesday after three children in Australia swallowed large quantities of the beads and were hospitalized .
" I was so frightened because I thought she was n't going to make it , " Heather Lehane told CNN affiliate Network 7 of her 10 - year - old daughter , Charlotte , who was sickened by the beads .
In the United States , the Washington - based safety commission said it has received two reports detailing the severe effects of the digested beads .
The CPSC said a boy nearly 2 years old " swallowed several dozen beads .
He became dizzy and vomited several times before slipping into a comatose state . "
The toddler was hospitalized and has since fully recovered , the commission added .
In the second incident , a child vomited , fell into a coma and was hospitalized for five days .
It was not immediately clear whether the child had made a full recovery .
The recall is the latest to target Chinese - made toys .
See if your child has any recalled toys »
Last month , U.S. government safety officials and retailers recalled at least 69,000 Chinese - made toys over concerns of excessive amounts of lead paint , which can cause lead poisoning .
E-mail to a friend
CNN 's Janine Brady , Jason Carroll , Laura Dolan , Julie O'Neill and Leslie Wiggins contributed to this report .
With the costs of healthcare rapidly rising everyone is looking to become healthier , mainly so that they can stay away from the doctors office .
We have provided some fairly comprehensive advice as to how you can drink yourself to a healthier lifestyle .
Drink Beer After Sport
A recent study by Spanish scientists has discovered that it may be better for athletes to have a beer after they play sport than to drink large amounts of water .
The study showed that beer , because of its carbonation , was better able to quench thirst than water , and that the carbohydrates found in beer where able to help an individual retain fluids better than any other energy drinks .
Even though many previous studies have shown alcoholic beverages to have a diuretic effect , scientists claim that one beer after exercise would not have a high enough alcohol content to create a loss in fluids .
What does this mean ?
Drinking a beer after working out can help you retain fluids and stay hydrated , keeping your body healthy and happy .
Drink More Water
Water makes up approximately 60 % of a persons total weight , and is one of the most essential ingredients of your biochemical make up .
Over the years there have been many studies on the effect that water has on individuals and how much water a person should drink every day and while there are no hard and fast rules , scientists are fairly certain that everyone in the world should drink approximately 2.2 liters of good old fashioned H 2 O everyday .
Why should you drink more water ?
Outside the fact that water is a major part in your bodyâ€™s chemistry , it also flushes toxins and unnecessary chemicals from your organs , carries nutrients to cells , and generally makes you feel happier .
Find Alternatives to Pure Liquids
Many people find it hard to meet the scientifically prescribed liquid requirements each day .
Letâ€™s face it , trying to guzzle down 2.2 liters of water can be tough , and thatâ€™s if you remember to do it .
There are alternatives out there to help you get the essential liquids that you need that do not involve drinking at all .
Food provides almost 20 % of a personâ€™s daily total liquid intake , and eating foods that have a high water concentration , such as water melon or cucumbers can be an easy way to avoid having to use the tap .
Failing to absorb more water than you need is one of the major reasons for dehydration , and eating water rich foods can help avoid this as well as provide you with some essential vitamins and minerals .
Donâ€™t limit yourself to traditional liquid sources as there are alternatives .
Have the occasional glass of red wine
Red wine is a source of a number of beneficial chemicals and minerals that have the potential to prevent a myriad of serious diseases .
Science has found that particular compounds in wine known as catechins and resveratrol have anti oxidant and anti cancer properties , and can help you to live longer .
A moderate amount of red wine ( one to two glasses a day ) can help lower a personâ€™s risk of heart disease and decrease the risk of a person developing a peptic ulcer .
There can be too much of a good thing , however , and over indulgence of any alcoholic beverage can lead to some dire health consequences , so only imbibe in moderation .
Drink more tea
A study by the European Journal of Clinical Nutrition has found that drinking tea is actually better for your body than drinking water .
Tea actually re-hydrates your body better than water , and coupled with the fact that tea is thought to prevent a number of serious health conditions , such as cancer , it quickly becomes evident that if you want to drink your way to a healthier lifestyle then tea is the way to go .
Drinking 3 - 4 cups of tea a day can severely reduce the risk of an individual suffering from a heart attack in addition to the fact that tea is able to reduce tooth decay and plaque build up , strengthen bones , and provide large amounts of essential antioxidants .
If you want to stay healthy , drink more tea .
FILIBUSTERS …. This chart got a lot of links over the weekend , and for good reason .
It ’s pretty eye - popping .
The accompanying article says that the trend toward more filibusters “ has been evolving for 30 years , ” but really , that ’s pretty misleading even if it ’s technically true .
In fact , the number of filibusters has been relatively steady since 1986 — until this year , when Republicans found themselves in the minority for the first time in a decade and decided to throw an unprecedented temper tantrum about it .
If they keep things going at their current pace , they ’ll have conducted 153 filibusters by the end of 2008 , compared to the previous record of 58 .
It ’s also worth noting why Republicans are filibustering everything in sight .
It ’s not because it ’s the only way they have of blocking legislation they dislike .
After all , a Republican is president .
The real reason is a desperate desire to kill popular legislation quietly ( the press does n’t spend much time reporting on routine filibusters ) rather than force President Bush to kill popular legislation in full public view ( the press does report on presidential vetoes ) .
The problem is that the public tends to be on the side of Democrats when domestic issues actually get some attention , so Republicans benefit by keeping their disagreements as low key as possible .
The last thing they need is a bunch of high - profile vetoes that would make it crystal clear exactly what they ’re fighting against .
Thus , as a friend keeps reminding me , griping about obstructionism per se wo n’t really get us very far .
For the most part the public just tunes it out as “ politics . ”
It ’s a point worth making , but it has to be secondary to the main point : making sure the public knows what it is that Republicans are opposing .
Unfortunately , I ’m not really sure how to do that given the current state of the press in America .
More funny YouTube videos ?
ABC investigates ' soldiers hooked on drugs ' David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Saturday December 1 , 2007
del.icio.us
Print This Email This During the Vietnam War , the stereotype of the drug - addicted veteran was commonplace .
Now a similar question is arising about veterans of the Iraq War .
The Pentagon denies that it has a drug issue in Iraq comparable to what occurred in Vietnam , but veterans groups are charging that the problem is greater than the Pentagon admits and is getting worse .
ABC
News decided to investigate by sending half a dozen journalism graduate students to speak to the soldiers themselves about " what some in the military did not want known . "
Matthew McKane told the students he began using cocaine while serving as a medic in Baghdad , then found it was even easier to get at Fort Carson back in the US .
Helicopter gunner Alan Hartmann said that after sustaining a neck injury , along with nightmares from transporting dead bodies , he started using methamphetamines for the physical and mental pain .
" I was snorting it , and I was smoking it , and then I was hot railing it , and then I got to the point where I was actually injecting it in my arms , " he told ABC .
The army 's chief psychiatrist , Col. Elspeth Ritchie , insists that ABC 's account of soldiers becoming hooked on drugs as a result of their service in Iraq " has not been my experience .
...
In general , our soldiers are not turning to drugs . "
However , Paul Sullivan of Veterans for Common Sense told ABC , " The military right now can say whatever they want , but the truth on the ground is that the soldiers are in a lot of pain .. and they 're turning to drugs in order to alleviate that . "
ABC concluded that not only has the number of soldiers seeking help from the military for drug problems increased , but " the military would rather pretend [ it ] was not happening . "
The full ABC report , " Coming Home : Soldiers and Drugs , ' " will be shown Friday evening on 20 /20 .
This video is from ABC's Good Morning America , broadcast on November 30 , 2007 .
A new report by the Energy Forum at Rice University 's Baker Institute for Public Policy finds that the United States will continue to rely on imported natural gas even if areas that are currently restricted are opened up to drilling .
Natural gas is already an important fuel in the United States , representing 22 percent of total primary energy use in 2006 .
About 20 percent of that gas was imported , the vast majority from Canada .
Liquefied natural gas ( LNG ) imports have risen from virtually zero in 1986 to just in excess of 0.5 trillion cubic feet ( tcf ) , or 2.9 percent of total U.S. natural gas consumption in 2006 .
The United States imports LNG from a variety of countries , including Trinidad and Tobago , Egypt , Nigeria and Algeria .
According to the new study , under a business - as - usual scenario , where U.S. lands are not opened up for drilling , by 2030 , U.S. consumers could be relying on LNG imports for as much as 30 percent of total supply .
This has strong implications for security of natural gas supply , as the United States becomes more reliant on LNG from the Middle East and Africa .
U.S. end - use natural gas demand is expected to climb to 23.9 ( tcf ) in 2015 and 26.9 tcf by 2025 , up from 20.0 tcf in 2006 , according to study forecasts .
This represents a gain of about 1.3 percent per year .
" Studies of the market outlook show that our high cost domestic production will increasingly have to compete against a swath of more competitively priced imports , " said Kenneth Medlock , fellow for energy studies at the Baker Institute and a key author of the study .
" In the short term , the net impacts on U.S. supply security are not all that worrisome .
But long term , as our demand grows , we will have to worry more about security of supply . "
In recent years , environmental and land - use considerations have prompted the United States to remove from energy development significant acreage that was once available for exploration .
Twenty years ago , nearly 75 percent of federal lands were available for private lease to oil and gas exploration companies .
Since then , the share has fallen to 17 percent .
Given the importance of the changing outlook for North American natural gas supply and U.S. oil and natural gas prices , the Baker Institute embarked on a two - year study , " Natural Gas in North America : Markets and Security , " to investigate the future development of the North American natural gas market and the factors that will influence security of supply and pricing .
advertisement
The Baker Institute Energy Forum developed a world gas trade model .
The Baker Institute World Gas Trade Model ( BIWGTM ) simulates future development of North American natural gas trade based on the economics of resource supply , demand and commodity transportation , and it determines a market - clearing price in the process .
To determine whether the United States and its allies will become vulnerable to increasing market power of major international natural gas suppliers , like Russia and countries of the Middle East , and the role that existing drilling restrictions in the United States play in this question , scenario analysis is utilized to determine the possible effects of a complete lifting of restrictions on drilling in the Rocky Mountains and Outer Continental Shelf ( OCS ) .
The aim of these scenarios is to examine whether the impact of the increase in natural gas production from these now blocked U.S. regions would reduce the monopoly power of any potential large supplier or group of large suppliers and , similarly , would ameliorate the impact of a major accidental disruption of natural gas supply .
The Baker Institute 's scenario analysis shows that opening restricted areas in the OCS and Rocky Mountains to drilling and natural gas resource development will not render the United States energy independent nor will it even lower U.S. dependence on liquefied natural gas ( LNG ) imports in 2015 by a significant volume .
Price impacts are also limited , with U.S. prices only registering marginal reductions .
But longer term , the study concludes , an opening of restricted areas to drilling and the contribution of expanded OCS and Rockies natural gas production could , nonetheless , be geopolitically important in combating the rise of a cartel in the international natural gas market , a so - called " GasOPEC . "
According to the study ,
" Reducing U.S. demand for LNG helps lower global natural gas prices and enhances available supplies for other major buyers in Europe and Northeast Asia .
The wider swath of alternative supplies for Europe and Northeast Asia translates into significantly reduced market power of producers in Russia and the Middle East .
Furthermore , the higher elasticity of supply from alternative sources as a result of allowing greater access to resources in the United States also reduces market power in the sense that a larger reduction in cartel supply would be needed to achieve any given increase in price . "
The study also notes that development of alternative energy could play a similar role .
One more surprising key finding of the study is that an opening of restricted areas for drilling for natural gas could have significant impacts on the flow of natural gas from Alaska to the lower 48 states .
Under a business as usual scenario , where there is greater access to resources in the lower 48 , the study finds that there would be delays in the development of the Alaska gas pipeline , reducing Alaskan production by as much as 0.95 tcf in 2025 ( or a 40 percent reduction ) relative to the case where access restrictions remain in place .
Yesterday , the U.S. House of Representatives passed a ban on torture .
Actually , per The Gavel , the House adopted the Army ’s rules prohibiting torture for other agencies .
Seems the Army does n’t want to condone a practice that could be used on our soldiers .
Not Bush , though .
He will veto that ban :
The White House vowed to veto the measure .
Limiting the CIA to interrogation techniques authorized by the Army Field Manual “ would prevent the United States from conducting lawful interrogations of senior al Qaeda terrorists to obtain intelligence needed to protect Americans from attack , ” the Office of Management and Budget said in a statement .
Bush :
Just because he says we do n’t torture , does n’t mean we do n’t torture .
NEW YORK
Little that is certain can be said about the U.S. election a year from now , but one certainty is this : about 6.3 billion people will not be voting even if they will be affected by the outcome .
That ’s the approximate world population outside the United States .
If nothing else , President Bush has reminded them that it ’s hard to get out of the way of U.S. power .
The wielding of it , as in Iraq , has whirlwind effects .
The withholding of it , as on the environment , has a huge impact .
No wonder the view is increasingly heard that everyone merits a ballot on Nov. 4 , 2008 .
That wo n’t happen , of course .
Even the most open - armed multilateralist is not ready for hanging chads in Chad .
But the broader point of the give - us - a - vote itch must be taken : the global community is ever more linked .
American exceptionalism , as practiced by Bush , has created a longing for new American engagement .
Renewal is about policy ; it ’s also about symbolism .
Which brings us to Barack Hussein Obama , the Democratic candidate with a Kenyan father , a Kansan mother , an Indonesian stepfather , a childhood in Hawaii and Indonesia and impressionable experience of the Muslim world .
And Then There ’s Iraq
The war in Iraq ( along with , to a lesser extent , the war in Afghanistan ) has cost the country dearly in blood and treasure .
The loss in lives can never be quantified .
As for the treasure , it ’s worth calling to mind that the administration , in the run-up to the invasion of Iraq , was reluctant to venture an estimate of what the war would cost ( and publicly humiliated a White House aide who suggested that it might run as much as $ 200 billion ) .
When pressed to give a number , the administration suggested $ 50 billion — what the United States is actually spending every few months .
Today , government figures officially acknowledge that more than half a trillion dollars total has been spent by the U.S. “ in theater . ”
But in fact the overall cost of the conflict could be quadruple that amount — as a study I did with Linda Bilmes of Harvard has pointed out — even as the Congressional Budget Office now concedes that total expenditures are likely to be more than double the spending on operations .
The official numbers do not include , for instance , other relevant expenditures hidden in the defense budget , such as the soaring costs of recruitment , with re-enlistment bonuses of as much as $ 100,000 .
They do not include the lifetime of disability and health - care benefits that will be required by tens of thousands of wounded veterans , as many as 20 percent of whom have suffered devastating brain and spinal injuries .
Astonishingly , they do not include much of the cost of the equipment that has been used in the war , and that will have to be replaced .
If you also take into account the costs to the economy from higher oil prices and the knock - on effects of the war — for instance , the depressing domino effect that war - fueled uncertainty has on investment , and the difficulties U.S. firms face overseas because America is the most disliked country in the world — the total costs of the Iraq war mount , even by a conservative estimate , to at least $ 2 trillion .
To which one needs to add these words : so far .
It is natural to wonder , What would this money have bought if we had spent it on other things ?
U.S. aid to all of Africa has been hovering around $ 5 billion a year , the equivalent of less than two weeks of direct Iraq - war expenditures .
The president made a big deal out of the financial problems facing Social Security , but the system could have been repaired for a century with what we have bled into the sands of Iraq .
Had even a fraction of that $ 2 trillion been spent on investments in education and technology , or improving our infrastructure , the country would be in a far better position economically to meet the challenges it faces in the future , including threats from abroad .
For a sliver of that $ 2 trillion we could have provided guaranteed access to higher education for all qualified Americans .
The soaring price of oil is clearly related to the Iraq war .
The issue is not whether to blame the war for this but simply how much to blame it .
It seems unbelievable now to recall that Bush - administration officials before the invasion suggested not only that Iraq ’s oil revenues would pay for the war in its entirety — had n’t we actually turned a tidy profit from the 1991 Gulf War ? — but also that war was the best way to ensure low oil prices .
In retrospect , the only big winners from the war have been the oil companies , the defense contractors , and al - Qaeda .
Before the war , the oil markets anticipated that the then price range of $ 20 to $ 25 a barrel would continue for the next three years or so .
Market players expected to see more demand from China and India , sure , but they also anticipated that this greater demand would be met mostly by increased production in the Middle East .
The war upset that calculation , not so much by curtailing oil production in Iraq , which it did , but rather by heightening the sense of insecurity everywhere in the region , suppressing future investment .
JonesReport.com | March 26 , 2008
In yet another confrontation with Bill Clinton in Morehead , Kentucky , We Are Change Kentucky bring up 9/11 first responder Kevin McPadden ’s eyewitness testimony of the countdown to demolish WTC7 .
Clinton readily ignores the subject , but does address an easier query about Hillary helping the sick & dying first responders .
" You bet , " the former Clinton told Matt Kazee of TruthMovement.com .
Though the Clintons are ready to pretend to support first responders on medical issues ( while real aid is slashed dramatically ) , the dynastic - duo run like vampires from a cross at any discussion of explosions at the base of the WTC skyscrapers – which many numerous first responders reported , saw and heard .
Are the first responders among the " idiot " conspiracy theorists Bill has heard enough from ?
Even he alludes to the buildings being blown up and video obviously indicates a demolition apparent .
The issue is n’t going away , and it looks like Clinton ’s critics are n’t either– as he continues to be confronted everywhere he goes .
WATCH ALEX JONES ’ ENDGAME ONLINE NOW in its entirety .
View more
High quality trailers at www.endgamethemovie.com
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Sandbanks Music Festival is a music and family event held in Picton , Ontario at Sandbanks Park coming in virtual format on Saturday , September 19 , 2020 .
Our 2020 headliner is Basia Bulat from Montreal !
Click here to buy your tickets for $ 20 now !
Loren Feldman has said a few times that he hates Facebook ( warning : profanity ) and all that it represents ( warning : more profanity ) , and now , not only does he have a profile on the popular social networking service , but he has even made a group with his company name : 1938 Media .
Of course you have to be invited to the group to become a member , but Loren is a good guy , and so as long as you do n’t cause any issues , he might let you in .
This is a closed group .
Members must be invited or approved by an admin .
He has started posting pictures , little videos , and chatting with the folks in his group .
He calls the people in the 1938 Media group Anti-Socialites , which I think suits a fair bit of them , and I do n’t find it offensive either .
I really enjoy his videos , and I hope Facebook will just make it that much easier for him to post snippets of content to his group members .
Good for him for eating his words and joining the Facebook world .
TRUCKEE , Calif . ( AP ) – An investigation continues into the deaths of about 15 cats at a condominium here last week .
Animal control officers were called Tuesday to Caroleen ” Candy ” Potter ’s condo on a complaint of strong odors .
After entering the home , officers found about 15 dead cats and several others roaming the property .
” What we think happened is that ( Potter ) was trying to kill the cats through carbon monoxide poisoning , ” said Dan Olsen , animal control supervisor .
” She had filled a small barbecue pan in her bedroom with lit charcoal and had left the cats inside . ”
Nevada County prosecutors are reviewing the case .
Sheriff ’s deputies said she could face charges of cruelty to animals .
An investigation continues into the motive .
—
CARSON CITY , Nev. ( AP ) – A 61 - year - old Minden man apparently died of natural causes while driving his car on U.S. Highway 50 east of here , the Nevada Highway Patrol said .
The driver , whose name was withheld pending notification of family members , was headed westbound on U.S. 50 near Mound House when his car drifted off the highway and struck a curb Saturday .
The car came to a rest in the eastbound lanes , blocking traffic .
” When witnesses got there , he was unconscious , ” Trooper Patrick McGill said .
” He did n’t have a pulse and was n’t breathing . ”
Efforts to revive him failed and he was pronounced dead at the scene .
An autopsy was scheduled to pinpoint the cause of death .
In the summer of 2003 , shoppers in Southern California began getting a break on the price of milk .
A maverick dairyman named Hein Hettinga started bottling his own milk and selling it for as much as 20 cents a gallon less than the competition , exercising his right to work outside the rigid system that has controlled U.S. milk production for almost 70 years .
Soon the effects were rippling through the state , helping to hold down retail prices at supermarkets and warehouse stores .
That was when a coalition of giant milk companies and dairies , along with their congressional allies , decided to crush Hettinga 's initiative .
For three years , the milk lobby spent millions of dollars on lobbying and campaign contributions and made deals with lawmakers , including incoming Senate Majority Leader Harry M. Reid ( D - Nev . ) .
The roughly 500 cybercafés in Mumbai , India , will soon have police - sanctioned keylogging software installed on their machines in the name of fighting terrorism .
The software will track everything entered into web forms , chat rooms , e-mail , and more , and report it back to the government .
Mumbai police say that cybercafé owners must agree to the installation of the software or else they will lose their licenses .
The president of India 's Foundation for Information Security and Technology , Vijay Mukhi , told India - based newspaper MiD Day late last month that the decision was based on the fact that terrorists look to hide their Internet activities by using cybercafés instead of their home computers .
" The police needs to install programs that will capture every key stroke at regular interval screen shots , which will be sent back to a server that will log all the data , " he said .
" The police can then keep track of all communication between terrorists no matter which part of the world they operate from .
This is the only way to patrol the net and this is how the police informer is going to look in the e-age . "
The police are in talks with M/s Micro Technologies to license its monitoring software , Cyber Access Remote Monitoring System ( CARMS ) .
CARMS will be able to provide monitoring of everything , from chats to file transfers and e-mails , even if they are encrypted .
All cybercafés in Mumbai will need to work with the police to register the number of computers available , the types of computers , and the IP address of each machine .
If they do not follow police orders , the owners of the cybercafés face stiff fines and " stringent action " under the Bombay Police Act .
Unsurprisingly , privacy advocates decry the move as Orwellian and unlikely to achieve the alleged goal ( fighting terrorism ) , but Mukhi 's response to the concern is very telling about the priorities of the Indian government .
" The question we need to ask ourselves is whether a breach of privacy is more important or the security of the nation .
I do not think the above question needs an answer , " he said .
But some believe that the terrorism angle is just a thin veil over the government 's efforts to get more information on the casual activities of its citizens .
As Indian blogger Amit Varma pointed out , terrorists utilize many different communication methods — in many different locations — in order to carry out operations .
Therefore , should n't the police also be monitoring telephones , cars , homes , and hotel rooms ?
Instead , he believes the police may simply resell the data it collects from the cybercafés or perhaps use it to make arrests for smaller crimes .
For example , a Bangalore man was arrested earlier this month for uploading " blasphemous " material to social networking site Orkut .
The police needed 10 months to gather enough information in this case to justify the arrest — with such stringent monitoring software installed in cybercafés , carrying out arrests for this type of crime would make the process much more streamlined .
It ’s over .
The Deletionists won .
“ It ’s like I ’m in some netherworld from the movie Brazil , being asked for my Form 27 B ( stroke ) 6 , ” writes the media scholar and long - time Wikipedian Andrew Lih .
He ’s describing what it ’s like these days to contribute to Wikipedia , the “ encyclopedia that anyone can edit . ”
Lih recently noticed that Wikipedia lacked an article on Michael Getler , a reporter who now serves as ombudsman for the Public Broadcasting System .
Lih added a brief entry – a “ stub , ” in Wikipedia parlance – assuming that other contributors would flesh it out in due course .
Within minutes , though , one of the site ’s myriad wikicops had swooped in and marked Lih ’s entry as a candidate for “ speedy deletion , ” citing the site ’s increasingly arcane legal code :
It is a very short article providing little or no context ( CSD A1 ) , contains no content whatsoever ( CSD A3 ) , consists only of links elsewhere ( CSD A3 ) or a rephrasing of the title ( CSD A3 ) .
Lih ’s reaction : “ What the… what manner of … who the… how could any self - respecting Wikipedian imagine this could be deleted ?
I ’ve been an editor since 2003 , an admin with over 10,000 edits and I had never been this puzzled by a fellow Wikipedian . ”
After some more digging , he discovered that the rapid deletion of new articles has become rampant on the site .
Deletionism has become Wikipedia ’s reigning ethic .
Writes Lih :
It ’s incredible to me that the community in Wikipedia has come to this , that articles so obviously “ keep ” just a year ago , are being challenged and locked out .
When I was active back on the mailing lists in 2004 , I was a well known deletionist .
“ Wiki is n’t paper , but it is n’t an attic , ” I would say .
Selectivity matters for a quality encyclopedia .
But it ’s a whole different mood in 2007 .
Today , I ’d be labeled a wild eyed inclusionist .
I suspect most veteran Wikipedians would be labeled a bleeding heart inclusionist too .
How did we raise a new generation of folks who want to wipe out so much , who would shoot first , and not ask questions whatsoever ?
It ’s as if there is a Soup Nazi culture now in Wikipedia .
There are throngs of deletion happy users , like grumpy old gatekeepers , tossing out customers and articles if they do n’t comply to some new prickly hard - nosed standard .
But , given human nature , is it really so “ incredible ” that Wikipedia has evolved as it has ?
Although writers like Yochai Benkler have presented Wikipedia as an example of how widescale , volunteer - based “ social production ” on the Internet can exist outside hierarchical management structures , the reality is very different .
As Wikipedia has grown , it has developed a bureaucracy that is remarkable not only for the intricacies of its hierarchy but for the breadth and complexity of its rules .
The reason Deletionism has triumphed so decisively over Inclusionism is pretty simple :
It ’s because Deletionism provides a path toward ever more elaborate schemes of rule - making – with no end – and that ’s the path that people prefer , at least when they become members of a large group .
The development of Wikipedia ’s organization provides a benign case study in the political malignancy of crowds .
“ Gone are the days of grassroots informality , ” writes a saddened Lih in another post .
“ Has the golden age of Wikipedia passed ? ”
Maybe the time has come for Wikipedia to amend its famous slogan .
Maybe it should call itself “ the encyclopedia that anyone can edit on the condition that said person meets the requirements laid out in Wikipedia Code 234.56 , subsections A34 - A58 , A65 , B7 ( codicil 5674 ) , and follows the procedures specified in Wikipedia Statutes 31 – 1007 as well as Secret Wikipedia Scroll SC72 ( Wikipedia Decoder Ring required ) . ”
I. MEDITATIONS ON A STREET - ART SKIRMISH :
Graff beef !
Fetishized commodities !
Counterrevolutionary fucktards !
The first good look I got at one of the Splasher ’s actual splashes was at a place called the Candy Factory , an abandoned brick wall at the south end of Soho that ’s become , over a couple of generations , one of the most important nodes of illegal art in the city — a shabby outdoor Louvre of wheatpasted posters , stencils , and stickers squeezed between a construction zone and a parking lot .
The view changes almost daily :
Its prime spots are probably fifteen layers thick .
On the day I went , at the center of the mess stood a Technicolor poster of an anthropomorphic pickle - shaped rainbow ; above him , there was a portrait of a little Swiss - looking girl innocently playing a flute .
And above her , in the upper right corner of the wall , was a sad , frowning candy corn , looking even sadder because someone had flung white paint over its face — a ragged spray that covered one cheek and part of his nose .
Near the splash was a poster - size manifesto , partially torn , apparently declaring the candy corn ’s crimes against humanity .
It was titled AVANT - GARDE : ADVANCE SCOUTS FOR CAPITAL , and it read , in part :
REVOLUTIONARY CREATIVITY DOES NOT SHOCK OR ENTERTAIN THE BOURGEOISIE , IT DESTROYS THEM .
OUR STRUGGLE CANNOT BE HUNG ON WALLS .
DESTROY THE MUSEUMS , IN THE STREETS AND EVERYWHERE .
The manifesto ended with a warning : THE REMOVAL OF THIS DOCUMENT COULD RESULT IN INJURY , AS WE HAVE MIXED THE WHEATPASTE WITH TINY SHARDS OF GLASS .
So began my tortuous descent into the curious case of the Splasher — a scandal that had gripped the city ’s underground art scene for months .
It was a tricky case , with triple - crossed motives , riddles nested in mysteries , and loops of self - devouring irony linked together in a gigantic chain stretching clear across the city , from the most expensive Soho boutiques to the Williamsburg waterfront to the industrial streets of Bushwick .
Everyone was a suspect : cops , ex-students , anarchists , petty vandals , corporate marketing execs , self - made kings of the underground art scene , even some of the victims themselves .
Here at the beginning , then , why do n’t we just lay out the mystery , the so - called facts , as plain as we can make them .
In the fall , some anonymous figure started vandalizing the city ’s most celebrated vandalism — by which I mean not traditional seventies - style spray - paint graffiti but a relatively new , gentrified outgrowth of that tradition that ’s come to be called “ street art ” : multimedia works of astonishing polish and complexity and beauty , often created by artists without a “ street ” bone in their bodies .
Many went to art school and have grown - up jobs and lucrative gallery careers and are terrified of the cops and traditional graffiti crews .
Over the past ten years , as street art has become big business — upscale art shows in London and Tokyo , advertising contracts , waves of positive media coverage , blogfuls of groupies — it ’s generated exactly the kind of internal backlash you ’d expect in a subculture conceived of as guerrilla warfare against consumer culture .
The Splasher epitomizes this backlash .
In the middle of the night , about six months ago , this vandalism vandal started hitting the scene ’s most acclaimed masterpieces , works that might have gone for $ 10,000 or $ 20,000 or $ 30,000 in a gallery , with big sloppy splashes of housepaint — teal , white , purple , yellow , electric blue .
Beneath the splash he — or she , or they , or ( who knows ? ) us — would leave a manifesto ranting , in Marxist jargon , about commodification and fetishization and the author ’s intention of “ euthanizing your bourgeois fad . ”
From November to March , the splashes arrived in bursts , busy weeks interspersed with long fallow periods .
By the end of the campaign , observers counted nearly a hundred of them .
News of the Splasher echoed furiously across the city ’s hipper blogs .
On discussion boards , avid street - art fans engaged in long , enthusiastic debates , while hipsters practically pulled a muscle trying to seem unimpressed .
The Splasher was called , among other things , a counterrevolutionary fucktard , a dickless moron , a pretentious shitbag , asshole , goddamn conservative dimwit , self - important dickhead , asshat , and Dadaist art dick .
( The artists I spoke with added , privately , “ pretentiously verbose little bastard , ” “ small - minded attention - hungry dickwad , ” “ bitter , naïve , shortsighted failure , ” and , in an ingenious reversal , “ the Wal - Mart of street art . ” )
Others embraced the Splasher as a kind of folk hero :
As one admirer wrote , “ This shit is more ‘ street ’ and ‘ art ’ than any of this incredibly boring and masturbatory bullshit being thrown up these days . ”
And some were cynical to the core : “ Yeesh !
a six pack says that by this time next year the ‘ splasher ’ will be featured in gallery openings and working on a clothing line . ”
And even : “ Maybe New York Magazine will do a cover story on them and tell us all they are genius and a bunch of dumb rich people will deconstruct the building and put them in their lofts for a million dollars .
Everyone is dumb . ”
Photo : Michael Kamner / The New York Times / Redux ; Courtesy of Jake Dobkin / Streetsy ; Courtesy of Faile
Several major theories emerged as to the identity and the motivations of the mysterious vigilante .
Some people thought the Splasher was an old - school graffiti artist envious of the new generation ’s mainstream success .
Others thought he was a frustrated and possibly insane cop from the Vandal squad , the city ’s special anti-graffiti force .
It became clear pretty quickly that you could concoct a plausible conspiracy theory implicating just about everyone .
As the artist Gore . B told me , it was like a big game of Clue : Mrs. Peacock in the ballroom with a can of orange paint .
One artist speculated , jokingly , that it was Roberta Smith , an art critic for the New York Times .
People also hypothesized about the Splasher ’s methods .
Most assumed he used a bucket .
Others thought it was a plastic ketchup bottle or a Super Soaker squirt gun .
The blog Gothamist called in an anonymous “ expert ” who postulated that it was a small cup dipped into a bucket .
Some thought it was one person .
Others thought it was a team of two or three .
Still others thought it was a single act of spite that inspired an endlessly proliferating network of copycat squads .
But most of all , everyone was looking for him .
“ He ’s probably gonna be caught doing it , ” said iO Tillet Wright , publisher of the street - art magazine Overspray .
“ New York is a small town .
It ’s gonna come out .
And at that point , all eyes are going to be on him to say something important .
If he just spouts a bunch of Marxist crap — well , he ’s gonna go down in history as a huge idiot . ”
II .
THE PETER PARKER OF THE AFFAIR :
On tour with the Splasher ’s documentarian .
I met Jake Dobkin at the Candy Factory on a gray , windy day in late March .
It was still the off - season for street art — packed snow on the sidewalks , lakes of slush at the corners — but some new work had gone up since I ’d been there a few days earlier :
There was a big - cheeked smiling heart , and the rainbow pickle had been enthusiastically tagged ( he would soon be pasted over by an intricate buffalo head , which would then be covered with posters by the artists Bäst and Billi Kid ) .
Jake was standing across the street , hands in his pockets , assessing the wall like a geologist surveying a freshly dynamited mountainside .
He was 30 , white , middle class , with glasses so fashionably studious they suggested an advanced degree and an apartment in Soho and a high - powered job in media or finance .
Jake is known in street - art circles as the proprietor of the popular Website Streetsy , which posts daily pictures of the city ’s ever - changing art .
He walks around with a small camera in his pocket at all times — he claims , with professorial detachment , to have posted the largest set of Splasher pictures on the Internet .
During the day , he works as the publisher of Gothamist , on which , he told me , he named the Splasher .
( “ There was something very ejaculatory about what he was doing , ” he said . )
He agreed to give me a tour of what he called “ the Splasher ’s extant works downtown . ”
We walked east through Soho to Nolita and the Lower East Side , stopping every block or so to peek into pockets and alleyways stuffed with work by an all - star cast of the current scene : one of Lepos ’s signature robots ( splashed ) , a Faro mummy and a Bäst ( both splashed ) , an unfinished Haculla , a Marco octopus with cartoon eyes in his giant forehead , a big green - headed Judith Supine ( splashed ) , Stickman , Elbow - Toe , WK Interact , Lister from Australia , Jace from an island near Madagascar , Borf from D.C. , and the Skewville twins ’ yellow BLAH BLAH BLAH running up and down a doorway .
We passed a sticker that said PENIS ENVY VAGINA FRIENDLY .
We saw a portrait by the artist Swoon that was surprisingly unsplashed — she was one of the Splasher ’s first and favorite targets .
On a normal day , I would have walked by all of this without stopping — for me , as for most New Yorkers , street art has roughly the visibility of pigeons :
It ’s omnipresent and therefore invisible .
With Jake , it was a tangle of backstories , rivalries , alliances , glory , and shame : an 8,000 - page graphic novel written on the side of the city .
Jake takes an enlightened view of the Splasher phenomenon .
“ You ca n’t just see it as some jerk spraying paint , ” he said .
“ Because it ’s not — it ’s something bigger than that .
It represents something .
I ’ve heard a lot of people voice the opinion that this is n’t street art , it ’s just destruction , it ’s just mindless , immature , infantile .
That does n’t seem right to me .
Let ’s just say this :
People would n’t be so pissed off if there was n’t at least some small grain of legitimate critique there .
Clearly , it ’s a critique of the sort of gentrifying , overly intellectualized , bourgeois sort of aspects of street art .
It kind of strikes right at the heart of what it is these artists do . ”
Beef has always been part of graffiti — disputes over territory , drugs , respect .
But street art has traditionally been friendlier and “ kind of art school -y , ” Jake told me .
“ This is the first time that blatant graffiti hostility has really manifested itself .
There ’s no way around it : Somebody ’s just destroying your piece .
That ’s what ’s making people so upset . ”
Ultimately , Jake believes that the Splasher ’s assault will have an “ evolutionary ” effect :
It will weed out the weak artists and toughen up the strong .
But it ’s not a serious threat .
“ Street art is a manifestation of the life of a vibrant city , ” he told me .
“ As the seasons pass , more graff will come , new street artists will come and put up work — and you ca n’t fight that .
Even if you had an army of Splashers .
That would be like trying to fight the ocean . ”
Outside a Chinese grocery , we saw a big Shepard Fairey poster of an idealized fifties couple ecstatically cradling a bomb ; it had been hit with a zigzag line of dripping orange paint , which Jake saw as proof of the Super Soaker theory .
“ There ’s no way to throw a bucket of paint like that , ” he said .
“ But with a Super Soaker you could imagine , like , psssshhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh ! ”
And he did an expert pantomime of Rambo mowing down a column of enemy soldiers .
We stopped at a building on Spring Street that had been painted up even more thoroughly than the Candy Factory .
Back in December , its owners had given street artists permission to go to town on it , inside and out .
Now it ’s being converted into luxury condos .
“ This is where the splashing really started in earnest , ” Jake told me .
“ I think this really drew the ire of the Splasher .
This is just the most egregious example of street art in New York .
The wall has just been so bombed out .
It ’s like so gross and embarrassing — it makes me really want to just go and , you know . ”
“ Splash it yourself ? ” I asked sharply .
As a Splasher suspect , Jake made almost too much sense .
He had an encyclopedic knowledge of the scene and an excuse to wander the nooks and crannies of the major art neighborhoods daily .
Sometimes he even went out with artists when they put up work .
He was an intellectual , certainly capable of writing about “ fetishization ” and “ alienation . ”
And when a splash went up , he always seemed to get the first picture — a fact that had given both of his blogs immeasurable underground clout .
He was the Peter Parker of the affair .
He pretended not to hear me .
“ Oh , look at all this stuff going on inside now , ” he said , turning away to look through the building ’s half - open door .
A little while later he left me at Houston Street .
“ That would be a major coup if you could track him down , ” he said .
“ Of course , it might also lead to him getting killed . ”
It was possible that I heard a slight tremor in his voice .
III .
NOTES ON THE FAME GAME :
The propagandist mind , or how to get digitized into a video game .
Whatever its merits , the Splasher ’s campaign was crippled by a few blinding ironies .
First , no matter how artful the best street art inarguably is , it ’s still illegal — so the Splasher was only vandalizing vandalism .
Second , insofar as the Splasher was fighting paint with paint , he was destroying street art by creating new street art .
He seems to have intended the splash as a gesture of pure , violent action , devoid of any art — zero - degree painting .
But as everyone knows from art - history class , this is called “ action painting , ” or Abstract Expressionism .
And it ’s pretty artsy .
A Jackson Pollock recently sold for $ 140 million , making it the most expensive painting in the history of the world .
Fetishized commodity , indeed .
But the most damning irony of the Splasher is that , in critiquing the bourgeois fad of modern street art , he harnessed the same machinery of self - promotion used by the most mercenary artists — anonymity as a buzz - bomb exploding through the blogs and the mainstream media — and in doing so , he became more famous than most of his targets as well as the ultimate guerrilla - marketing campaign for street art ’s spring 2007 season .
His critique of branding , in other words , achieved admirable market penetration .
His critique of commodification has itself become a commodity .
Even in the eyes of some of its most dedicated fans , street art was ripe for splashing .
Whereas graffiti tends to bloom in a city ’s poorest neighborhoods and spread outward , street art breeds in pockets of gentrification — Soho , Nolita , the Lower East Side , Williamsburg , Dumbo .
If , as Jake Dobkin suggested , street art tends to be “ art school -y , ” this is because many of the artists have been to art school .
It ’s graffiti with an M.F.A. To some — e.g. , the Splasher — this looks like yet another example of racial plagiarism , the classic Elvis move :
The privileged classes co-opt an art form developed by the urban black poor , “ improve ” it by bleaching out the danger and incivility , then import it into white culture , where it suddenly becomes lucrative .
It ’s rich kids ’ getting a contact high from poverty .
In the cynic ’s view , street art has reduced graffiti — the once - forbidden language of the repressed — to a minor - league system for galleries and museums .
Subversive street art is an oxymoron : Modern graffiti is just an infinitely clever guerrilla - marketing campaign for artists ’ brands , one that ’s even more insidiously effective than a corporate campaign , because it hijacks the cultural credibility of the street ( rebellion , authenticity , freedom ) without paying any of the economic price ( poverty , prison , repression ) — and it expertly hides the fact that it does so .
So street artists who pimp themselves out to Mountain Dew or Vans or Sony or Hummer are actually more honest than those who make a show of their artistic “ purity ” while selling out to wealthy collectors and museums .
They ’re just making explicit the nature of the game .
For many , the whole point of street art is to try to reclaim the city ’s public spaces from corporate advertisers — to replace the coercive visual assault of McDonald ’s and Starbucks and Verizon with something honest , inspiring , human , and free .
But street art and advertising , it turns out , share a large portion of their DNA : Both are about overpowering and out - clevering your opponents in order to get noticed among the clutter .
As Tillet Wright told me , both require “ the propagandist mind . ”
They steal endlessly from each other .
The street - art scene is full of professional advertisers : Marc Schiller , founder of the influential Website Wooster Collective and probably New York street art ’s loudest public voice , is the CEO of a marketing agency that has done work for corporate behemoths such as Microsoft , Warner Brothers , CNN .
This parallel makes the whole vexed question of “ selling out ” and “ staying pure ” almost impossible to settle .
Where do you draw the line between corporate and artistic branding ?
The artist Vinnie Ray , famous for his messages on BQE overpasses , also makes Prada sweaters .
Banksy designed an album cover for Blur .
Sony , Nike , IBM , Time magazine , and Hummer have all run high - profile street - art campaigns recently .
Earlier this year , the artist Neck Face did a much - debated campaign for the shoe company Vans .
Its billboard , just off Houston Street , got splashed in March .
One of the Splasher ’s favorite targets has been Shepard Fairey , a giant in the scene who shot to fame fifteen years ago on the strength of a conceptual - art experiment in branding :
He carpet - bombed the world ’s major cities with stylized images of Andre the Giant accompanied by the word obey .
It was intended as an object lesson in the absurdity of consumer culture , and — depending on how you look at it — it totally worked .
The anti-advertising campaign has morphed into an actual advertising campaign for Fairey ’s now - lucrative design empire , which extends into clothing , skateboards , movie posters , Scotch ads , and cell - phone wallpaper .
He was recently digitized by Atari as a hero in a street - art video game .
The Splasher is n’t the first to accuse Fairey of playing a little too close to the consumerist fire .
I asked him , by phone , if he felt threatened by the critique .
“ People put things in really black - and - white terms , ” he said .
“ They go , ‘ Oh , if there ’s a commercial aspect to what you ’re doing , somehow the integrity of your art ’s been compromised , ’ or you ’ve sold your soul , or whatever .
And it ’s just totally retarded .
What I think is stupid is not accepting reality and not adapting .
I recognize that the forces of capitalism and supply and demand are at work , and there is no stopping that .
You can whine all you want and do all the street art you want and try to blow up the World Trade Center or the Federal Reserve Bank or whatever — you ’re not gonna stop it .
It ’s just a fact of life .
I ’ve accepted capitalism .
And I ’m doing things on my own terms within every arena within it . ”
Fairey said he’d be putting up more work in New York this summer .
“ This person ’s not stopping me , ” he said .
“ It took him over two months to get all the stuff that I basically did over the course of three nights back in December .
I ’m just gonna go higher .
Even if I did stuff at street level and it took him two months to get all of it again , I get two months of exposure in New York City .
That ’s massive . ”
IV .
THE CURIOUS CASE OF THE SPLASHER’S SPLASHER :
Plus two men named Patrick who think the Splasher sucks .
It was only a matter of time , of course , before someone splashed the Splasher .
Even a vandalism vandal needs a vandal .
This finally happened in the first week of March , in Williamsburg , where someone splashed blue paint onto a few of the manifestos — then superimposed , at the bottom , an advertisement for the hipster clothing chain American Apparel .
This touched off a new wave of controversy and speculation .
Bloggers hypothesized that the Splasher reign of terror had been a guerrilla - marketing campaign for American Apparel from the start .
Things reached such a fever pitch that the company was forced to officially deny its involvement to the Washington Post .
Through secret back channels , I managed to arrange an anonymous call with the Splasher Splasher .
The phone rang at the appointed time .
I answered .
It was the Splasher Splasher ’s liaison .
“ The Splasher Splasher has decided they ’d prefer to communicate by e-mail , ” she said .
“ They ’re worried about legal action , since this involves a large company . ”
I e-mailed the Splasher Splasher .
Weeks passed .
Just when I began to suspect that someone had gotten to her , I received a very long anonymous message in which the Splasher Splasher railed against both the original Splasher ( “ misguided , totalitarian garbage ” ) and American Apparel ( “ I hope to see them exposed for the shitheads they are ” ) .
The intended message of the poster , the e-mail said , was that a true anti-capitalist would be out splashing horrible corporate advertisements , not street art .
But the Splasher Splasher exulted in the public misunderstanding : “ Suddenly everyone thought that this splasher jerk was actually hired by a company as shitty as him .
His worst nightmare ! ”
My next stop was Williamsburg , the site of one of the Splasher ’s first and most notorious desecrations .
The street artist Banksy — the famously anonymous British “ art terrorist ” who ’s been bombing the world ’s major cities with anti- Establishment stunts for almost twenty years — had graced the Williamsburg waterfront last summer with a big , colorful mural : a little girl jumping rope with a line of green paint , which ran out of her hand , down the sidewalk , and up to an electrical box , which a little painted boy was about to switch on .
Banksy ’s auction prices have been so high lately that , from a real - estate agent ’s perspective , the painting might have been worth $ 1 million .
In Bristol , the working - class city in which he grew up vandalizing train cars , one lucky couple whose house he had hit decided to sell the property through an art dealer rather than a broker — it went on the market as a $ 400,000 painting with a house incidentally attached .
Banksy ’s Williamsburg mural might have shifted the waterfront ’s already racing gentrification into overdrive .
But in December , the Splasher hit it with yellow paint .
This splash earned the Splasher his most determined adversaries : the world - famous art collective Faile , which has a studio in the neighborhood .
Faile has two members , both of whom are named Patrick .
( They also have an assistant named Patrick , whom they call Rockwell . )
They ’ve been friends since high school and tend to talk over one another like a married couple .
When I visited them at their studio , five months after the splash , they were still pissed .
“ That piece was a gift , ” one of them said .
“ People loved it .
We ’d sit out there , and people would stop and take photos of that shit all day long .
They loved it .
There ’s 8 trillion other fucking things you could throw paint at in the city .
How many people walk down the street and take pictures of AT&T ads ? ”
When the Banksy was splashed , the Patricks told me , they immediately covered the entire wall with gray paint — the splash , the Banksy , and the manifesto — and put their own stencil over it .
( Few people had really seen a splash before ; they were n’t sure what it meant and more than anything just wanted to get rid of it . )
The Splasher came back and hit that too .
They stenciled over it .
He hit them again .
They wheatpasted a poster over it .
He hit that too .
They responded with some themed art , just for the Splasher : a pair of boxers in mid-blow , surrounded by a cluster of red ribbons reading WITH LOVE AND KISSES : NOTHING LASTS FOREVER and a portrait of the Hindu god Ganesh .
( “ Ganesh is the bearer of all good things , ” one of them told me .
“ The one that breaks down all obstacles . ” )
On one level , they told me , they appreciated the Splasher .
They liked that he was challenging the preciousness of street art , that he was ruining explicitly commercial work ( he ’d recently hit a Shepard Fairey ad for Dewar ’s in the neighborhood ) , and that he ’d given them a supervillain to battle .
“ It ’s kind of lit the fire again , ” they said .
And they seemed to be onboard , to some extent , with his anti-commercial message .
They told me , for instance , that they stopped doing corporate design work the moment they could make a living strictly from art .
“ I do n’t want to see our stuff on T - shirts , I do n’t want to see it on skateboards , I do n’t want to see it selling any products , ” said one Patrick .
“ We ’ve gotten used enough by companies , ” said the other Patrick .
“ Faile is just art , that ’s it .
That ’s all we sell is art . ”
But they were n’t totally onboard .
“ The manifesto ruined it , ” said Patrick .
“ I think if he just went out and splashed , and was ‘ the Splasher ’ — that shit would ’ve been great . ”
“ The manifesto seems like something you ’d write in high school , ” the other added .
“ Our first impression of it was like , ‘ This is such bullshit . ’
These artists did n’t start with success , they spent years building it .
Are people supposed to stay poor and be like homeless bums that do street art and be like this idealistic punk kind of outside the thing ?
Sooner or later , people grow up and you ’ve got rent and bills to pay and you graduate college or whatever and you got things you need to take care of . ”
“ For us , it ’s kind of silly to be so idealistic , ” said the Patrick who is not the other Patrick .
“ I kind of compare it to the Taliban in the beginning , ” said the one who is the other Patrick .
“ When they went and blew up the Buddhas , you know what I mean ?
It was just kind of like some idealistic , Fascist , crazy shit . ”
V. PORTRAIT OF THE VANDAL AS A YOUNG ANARCHIST :
The unrequited - love theory .
By April , evidence of the Splasher had been reabsorbed into the walls ’ ecology , the same way an old shopping cart tossed off a pier gets appropriated by crabs and seaweed .
People had posted over his posters , painted over his paint .
It was impossible to say if he would strike again , now that spring was about to hit and the walls were starting to fill with fresh targets , or if he ’d just been a colorful nightmare in the city ’s otherwise drab winter dreams .
After a month of searching , I was still no closer to finding him .
My paranoia was taking on a life of its own .
I accused the artist Celso , who said that if he was the Splasher , he ’d never tell me .
I accused Banksy , via e-mail , of splashing his own work as a clever form of self - promotion ; he did n’t dignify that with a response .
I accused Swoon , who was one of the most intriguing figures on the scene and , remember , one of the Splasher ’s first targets .
“ I ’m just a lot more simpleminded than that , ” she said .
“ I ’m not that fancy . ” I accused a father of twins at an Easter - egg hunt 60 miles north of the city .
And then the artist Elbow - Toe brought the conspiracy theories to a whole new level : Before I even had a chance , he accused himself .
He told me he ’d gone out late one night to put up new work in Williamsburg , only to discover the next morning , online , that an older piece in the same neighborhood had been splashed purple .
He figures he must have missed the Splasher by an hour or two , maybe less .
“ And I started to wonder , ” he told me .
“ Did I just do that to myself ?
Is there like a dark side that I ’m unaware of ? ”
I was beginning to run out of suspects .
And then , finally , I met Gore .B. People had been telling me for weeks , in tones you might use to talk about a griffin or a chimera , that I had to meet him — a former math prodigy who ’d been corrupted in his teen years by something called “ hobo freight art , ” then spiraled into a life of nomadic polymath street - art savanthood and touched down , for a few years , in New York .
He was maybe the most talented painter on the scene but had no interest in a gallery career .
You could find his name all over the city — on the small wood board portraits he ’d bolted to street signs , or the couple of thousand stickers he ’d been slapping for months onto every flat surface he passed .
( “ It ’s an OCD thing , ” he joked . )
When I finally got him on the phone , he mentioned , very casually , that he thought he ’d figured out the identity of the Splasher .
I met Gore . B for lunch ( he called it breakfast ) at a vegetarian restaurant on the Lower East Side .
He was tall and thin , with an unconvincing wisp of beard , a rattail , a large tattoo winding up his left forearm , and giant headphones straddling his neck .
He had a baby - faced roughness that made him look simultaneously 16 and 53 .
( He ’s 29 . )
He was a powerful talker :
He ’d hold a bite on his fork for ten minutes while he unleashed an unpunctuated river of stories and opinions and schemes for saving the world — an inspired patter that covered everything from the life of his great - grandfather ( a mildly famous Impressionist who won a prestigious award by tying a paintbrush to the tail of a donkey ) to the utopian promises of eco-capitalism to the social inutility of art to how he ’d recently broken his elbow for the second time in a month when he was riding drunk down the wrong side of the street with his headphones on and a little Orthodox Jewish boy darted out to catch a school bus and accidentally tackled him and he had to lie there on his back on the pavement suffering the terrible anguish of a re-broken elbow while a busload of schoolchildren mocked him in Hebrew .
Then , all of a sudden , Gore .
B went silent .
He ruminated gravely over his tofu scramble .
When he started to speak again it was slowly , carefully , with long , thoughtful pauses between every phrase , like someone giving a deposition about back taxes .
The Splasher , he told me , is a white middle - class male in his mid-twenties , a former street artist with a deep knowledge of New York ’s major art neighborhoods and a proficiency in wheatpasting — an anarchist and radical environmentalist who ’d been swimming for a few years in the scene ’s hard - core activist circles .
But this , he acknowledged , was obvious from the manifestos themselves .
What was really interesting was more personal .
And suddenly the story of the Splasher turned from an ideological skirmish between anarcho - Marxists into a pure and glossy stream of good old - fashioned American gossip , as universal as the saga of Britney and K - Fed .
To get to the end of the Splasher story , he told me , I needed to look to the beginning .
I needed to go back and talk to Swoon again .
If you had to choose , from the entire universe of street art , the least likely target of a malicious vandalism campaign , you ’d pretty much have to go with Swoon .
Her work is unusually quiet , thoughtful , serious , and beautiful : realistic life - size portraits of kids with skateboards and men pushing shopping carts and women sitting and sewing .
She spends weeks carving templates in wood or linoleum .
She ’s a devoted activist , donating her art to raise money for such causes as freeing imprisoned radicals and increasing public awareness of the Mexican government ’s repression of the people of Oaxaca .
She ’s one of the few successful women in the current scene .
Over the past few years she ’s been profiled in the Times , had a solo show at the influential Deitch Project gallery , and sold her work to the Brooklyn Museum and MoMA .
Yet she never clamors for attention ; her success seems to have grown organically over the eight years she ’s worked on the street .
( Like nearly every other street artist , she refuses to be photographed . )
Last summer , when the splashes were still just a glimmer in the mystery vandal ’s eye , someone started systematically targeting Swoon ’s portraits all over the city , crossing out their eyes with thick lines of paint and stenciling sold to moma next to them .
She was n’t angry when she first saw this , she wrote to me in an e-mail ; she ’d been “ extremely ambivalent ” about selling her work in the first place , so she understood the urge .
But then it became widespread : “ I started to get the feeling that the time and attention required to systematically seek out my work all over the city and ‘ vandalize ’ it with this prepared stencil constituted some tertiary form of stalking , ” she wrote .
“ It creeped me out . ”
In November , the splashing started , and Swoon ’s works were some of the first to be hit .
Around this time , she got a major clue about who might have been targeting her .
During the Q&A session of a panel discussion she participated in at the Brooklyn Museum , a hooded protester threw a burst of flyers from the balcony down onto the crowd — flyers that read , according to Swoon , like longer versions of the Splasher ’s manifestos : “ A couple of nice Situationist poetic moments lost in craziness . ”
When the protester turned to escape , there was a moment of comic anticlimax :
He found that the door he ’d come in through had been locked .
He panicked , looked around for a few seconds , then scrambled in circles until he found an open door .
In the meantime everyone , including Swoon , looked up at him .
On a recording of the event , you can hear her say , in the midst of the hubbub , “ That guy looks like somebody I might know , actually . ”
She recognized him as a fellow activist named Zac , a fervent young anti-capitalist who ’d fallen in with the political wing of New York ’s street - art community a few years before .
When they met , Swoon must have struck Zac as a perfect embodiment of the successful revolutionary artist giving the finger to the corporate institutions who wanted to shrink - wrap her rebellion .
Just over a year before the flyer drop , he ’d interviewed her for an underground magazine , rhapsodizing about the day they met , when he ’d watched her in the subway “ ripping out corporate advertisements and replacing them with her own furious art , ” and asking her questions like , “ How do you navigate safely between the graffiti writers who hate you for your style and the corporate scum that want to capitalize off your look ? ”
Zac , in other words , was smitten .
A friend of Swoon ’s told me he developed a “ huge crush ” on her , which Swoon did n’t reciprocate .
When Swoon sold her work to MoMA , Zac must have seen it as the ultimate betrayal .
That afternoon at the panel discussion , all the recent targeted malice started to make sense to Swoon .
This , it seemed , was a personal gripe dressed up as radical politics — a crush that had fermented into a grudge .
She confronted Zac and asked him to stop vandalizing her work .
He denied doing it , but was eager to discuss the campaign “ theoretically . ”
They argued .
Some people speculate that the confrontation — the young vandal ’s final break from the object of his affections — catalyzed everything that followed , turning him from simply a Swoon protester into the supervillain of the entire scene .
Not long after the botched flyer drop , the Splasher expanded his campaign from Swoon and a few others to much of the street - art world .
In December , as the splashes were beginning to pick up , a figure calling himself “ Glas ” published a rant on the Website Indymedia about the corporate corruption of street art .
It ran alongside two pictures of Swoon ’s work hit with sold to moma stencils , and its language was highly reminiscent of the Splasher ’s manifestos : angry and quasi-Marxist , sprinkled with clumsy aphorisms ( “ You will be paid with the whip of laughter with murder on a garbage heap ” ) .
Activists and street artists responded to the piece angrily , and an exasperated combatant accused Zac of being both “ Glas ” and the Splasher — at which point a handful of writers , among them “ the devil ” and “ glass slinger , ” responded hysterically that Zac was not the Splasher , this issue was bigger than any single person , “ there are more of us than you think , ” and “ this is only the beginning . ”
I contacted Zac to see if I could get to the bottom of things , but he refused an interview .
“ This conversation , ” he responded , “ is commerce . ”
He did , however , propose a bizarre , Splasherly meeting :
If , he wrote , I ’d like to come out one night and , in his words , try my hand at “ devesting an image of some of its symbolic capital , ” he ’d be happy to videotape me in action , then answer any questions I had about how it felt for him to watch .
This struck me as a strange little game of cat and mouse .
I tried to guess at its purpose :
Was it some kind of test I had to pass before he ’d talk to me about splashing ?
Was it a ploy to allow him to discuss the art of vandalizing vandalism in purely hypothetical terms ?
Was he planning to post the video on YouTube and frame me as the Splasher ?
Unfortunately , I ’ll never know .
When I called him in the middle of the designated night , he told me he had n’t slept in a day and a half , and that we ’d have to reschedule .
Despite several attempts to contact him , I never heard from him again .
The theory of Zac is still only a theory , of course .
There ’s no smoking gun , or dripping paint can .
It ’s impossible to say if this young radical is in fact the mastermind of the Splasher campaign or if he ’s only a bit player , the victim of idle subcultural gossip .
He ’s consistently denied his involvement to people in the scene , and even Swoon says she ’s not sure it ’s him .
But it would be a fitting ending to the story , one more layer of irony to slather on top of the pile : a Marxist street - art revolution that turns out to be a story of unrequited love , the most bourgeois and commodified narrative in the history of storytelling .
Someday soon , you ’ll watch the movie version on Valentine ’s Day with your sweetheart , starring Natalie Portman as a famous street artist and Jake Gyllenhaal as the kooky young radical who loves her , and there ’ll be long slow - motion tracking shots of the Candy Factory wall and stunning helicopter panoramas of Williamsburg and a soundtrack featuring all the hippest Brooklyn indie bands and a marketing campaign featuring your very own Super Soaker full of paint .
Untitled Series , The Splasher , 2006 –2007
Photo : Jake Dobkin / Streetsy
November 2006
SWOON
Lower East Side
Photo : Jake Dobkin / Streetsy
December 2006
BANKSY
Williamsburg
Photo : Jake Dobkin / Streetsy
February 2007
ELBOW -TOE
Williamsburg
Photo : Jake Dobkin / Streetsy
March 2007
FAILE
Williamsburg
Photo : Jake Dobkin / Streetsy
March 2007
MATTHEW RODRIGUEZ
Soho
Photo : Jake Dobkin / Streetsy
March 2007
NECK FACE
Noho
Photo : Jake Dobkin / Streetsy
March 2007
SHEPARD FAIREY
Nolita
* All dates approximate ; Banksy photo taken pre-splash .
SEE ALSO : Untitled Series , The Splasher , 2006 –2007
" As a journalist frequently on the receiving end of various PR campaigns , some of them based on disinformation , others front groups for undisclosed interests , [ CMD's SourceWatch ] is an invaluable resource . "
— Michael Pollan , author of The Botany of Desire
" Thanks for all your help .
There 's no way I could have done my piece on big PR and global warming without CMD [ the Center for Media and Democracy ] and your fabulous websites . "
— Zoe Cormier , journalist , Canada
" The troublemakers at the Center for Media and Democracy , for example , point to dozens of examples of " greenwashing , " which they defined as the " unjustified appropriation of environmental virtue by a company , an industry , a government or even a non-government organization to sell a product , a policy " or rehabilitate an image .
In the center 's view , many enterprises labeled green do n't deserve the name .
— Jack Shafer , " " Slate .
" The dearth of information on the [ U.S. ] government [ lobbying ] disclosure forms about the other business - backed coalitions comes in stark contrast to the data about them culled from media reports , websites , press releases and Internal Revenue Service documents and posted by SourceWatch , a website that tracks advocacy groups . "
— Jeanne Cummings , Politico .
" The folks at the Center for Media and Democracy have done incredible work documenting fake grassroots ( " astroturf " ) groups .
Here , they 're helping protect the rights of all Americans to exercise their right to vote .
They are completely non-partisan .
These guys are the real deal . "
November 23 , 2007 — Dark Star
Ubuntu Customization Guide v2
Changes are part of Nature so as with Technology ..
Though this cannot be True for Windows and Mac cause the life cycle of a single Version is too much which is not the case with Linux ..
Open Source evolve at very rapid rate and with evolution comes new & special changes …
Today with a hike in Linux acceptance its pretty hard for competitors to provide similar solutions at free of cost .
Open Source is known for User Interaction with Operating System which cannot be done with other OS .
Linux user can customize , create , edit , add files according to his / her taste .. and customization is the part where Linux is one step ahead of every OS ..
You need not to search for poorly written Customization Packs ..
What you need is just follow the guide and pimp up your desktop as you like .
..
The guide will focus on a particular area but you can customize your desktop using the way mentioned and adding your own idea …
With Gusty Gibbon packed with latest tools and great support couple with new gGun Gnome 2.20 , I was adamant to write another Customization Guide ..
Since M$ launched Vista and Apple launched Leopard quite a while ago so I ’ll let you know how to customize your Ubuntu to Vista and Leopard ..
Added with few new Customization that I used it …
I have tried to kept the guide as simple as I can so that even a newbie can understand how to make changes .
There are few major changes in Ubuntu Themes and Icon Control Panel so please read carefully so that you can get everything ..
Points to Ponder
This guide will let you pimp you Ubuntu latest Gusty Gibbon i.e Ubuntu 7.10 .
If you do n’t know how to get Ubuntu the head towards Ubuntu download and download a copy today which suits best your system ..
There you will will be prompted to choose location and system type .
After downloading , burn the image and boot through it and Install Ubuntu in 6 easy steps …
“ The themes icon set , wallpaper , desklets , fonts , sounds
used while customization the Operating System are ® to their
respective owner .
Copying , editing and use of those
application are free and can be distributed without
the owner permission . ”
Though I had used few Icon Links and themes , but this does not meant that your are confined to those only ..
You can always use your own choice themes and icons from Gnome - Look.org ..
Note :
Though this guide has been made to customize Ubuntu Gusty Gibbon but this can be used to Customize other OS which comes with Gnome 2.20 installed / optional ..
Though installation of particular software can be different .
So hold your breath and go through the complex customization made easy ..
Installation / How To
Installation of the themes , icons , cursors have totally changed .
Now the previous theme / icon control panel , Cursor Control panel has been merged into a single CP i.e Appearance Wizard ..
This is available with new Gnome 2.20 ..
The Appearance wizard lets you configure your theme , icon , cursor , metacity / gtk windows border , color if supported by theme ..
Apart from that you can add wallpaper , change fonts , change Menu / Tool bar Interface , and select the Visual Style i.e Desktop with 3d Effects or without it ..
Installation in Gnome 2.20 is very easy as compared to previous version so lets take a look on how to install themes , icon cursor and other customization stuffs ..
Installing Theme / Icons / Cursor :-
To install theme , icon or cursor just follow the give steps ..
There are mainly 2 methods of installing a GTK2.x themes , icons and cursor … .
So lets take a quick look on both of the process .
1’st Installation Process :-
Download the theme / icon / cursor from given Source .. and Save it to Desktop ..
Note that the theme or other pack must have following extension .tar. gz or .tar. bz2 .
If the theme did not come with the following extension you have to convert it into it …
To do this open the Theme Archive by double clicking it .
Now Unzip the the archive only if has other extension the the mentioned above and Unzip it ..
Place the Unzipped Folder to Desktop ..
Note in case the theme comes in .rar pack then you cannot unzip it since default Ubuntu Archiver did not support .rar extraction ..
To make your archiver able to do this open Terminal and type the following commands , make sure all the options .
Under Software Sources are checked else it will not install via following command ..
sudo apt - get install unrar
After you unzipped the non .tar.gz and .tar. bz2 archive ..
Right click the Folder the is being Unzipped . and select Create Archive option ..
Under this select .tar.gz or .tar.bz2 .
After you successfully created the desired archive Open Appearance by Right Clicking on empty Space and selecting Change Desktop background or navigate to System -> Preferences ->
Appearance .
.
After that drag a Windows will open with several tabs .. navigate to Themes Tag .
After the navigation drag the .tar.gz or .tar. bz2 archive in the Themes tab Windows .
The installation of themes / icons and Cursor will be finished and you willl be prompted to Apply the New Installed theme or Keep System with default / presently set theme .
You can always select and mix theme / icon and cursor by pressing Customize tab in the Themes option .
Navigate to Controls , Windows Border , Icons and cursor to set your choice theme …
2 ’nd Installation Process :-
The second Installation process is simple too ..
Download the Icon / Theme / Cursor from give source ..
The unzip the Archive … Save the folder to Desktop .
Now Paste the folder in these locations .
Themes : – ~/.themes Icons : – ~/.icons Cursor :- ~/.icons
~/ refers to /home /< User Name > ..
You can not view extra content of your Home Folder ..
refers to ..
You can not view extra content of your Home Folder ..
To view all the contents Point towards View option in the 1’st toolbar and select “ Show Hidden Files ” or press Ctrl+H .
The Icon / Theme and Cursor option now can be seen under Theme Tab of Appearances .
Miscellaneous Installation : –
This Installation Guide is based on Installation of different customization packs like GDM theme , Splash themes , Sounds , Fonts etc … .
Log In / GDM
Theme Installation : – Installation of GDM theme is very easy ..
Just download the GDM theme from given location and save it to your desktop .
Now click on Main Menu and point towards System then towards Administration and open LogIn Windows .
Click on Local tab and drag you GDM theme to Local Window .
your theme will be automatically gets installed and you can select it by clicking on the desired screen / theme .
After next reboot you can see a new Log In Screen ..
Download : Start Up Manager
Splash Image Installation : –
There are 3 types of Splash Part that are used in Linux ..
I ’ll let you know how to install and change splash of all 3 kinds .
So lets take a look about Splashes :-
Grub Splash : – The 1’st Splash Screen that appear ..
Its is mainly the Grub menu from where you select booting into multiple OS if has else will load Linux only ..
Grub Splash place an image at the grub screen that add ’s eye candy to it … The grub splash comes with extension .xpm.gz .
To install a Grub Splash copy the ~.xpm.gz file to / boot / grub / splashimages since only root user can copy / edit Root File system your need to gain root privileged .
To do this Open terminal from Main Menu -> Accessories -> Terminal .
Type
sudo nautilus
and press enter .
A new Window will open which will let you copy / edit modify files of root file system ..
Copy the desired ~.xpm.gz to / boot / grub / splashimages .
Now to change Grub Splash you need a software known as Startup Manager .
To download click here .
Download the latest . deb file so that you can easily install it ..
After the download gets finished double click the .deb file and click install ..
Note :
You must be connected to net while installing it ..
Few files will be downloaded to complete installation ..
After the installation finished navigate to System -> Administartion -> Startup Manager .
After it opens click on Boot Option and check “ Show Boot Loader ” & “ Show Boot Splash ” options under Misc . .
After you are done click on Appearance tab and check “ Use Color In Boot Loader Menu ” and “ Use Background Image for BL ” .
Assuming you have already copied the ~.xpm.gz file select desired Grub Splash from drop down list under grub Splash Option .
Now Installation is finished you will see a Grub Splash after next reboot .
Boot Splash / Usplash : – Boot Splash or U Splash is boot screen .
It is the 2 ’nd Splash Screen that appears .
To change Usplash 1’st download the Usplash from give location .
The Usplash themes comes with ~.so extension .
To install it you need to copy the ~.so files to /usr / lib / usplash .
Since only root user can paste and edit files under File system .
gain root privileged ..
To do this Open terminal from Main Menu -> Accessories -> Terminal .
Type
sudo nautilus and press enter .
A new Window will open which will let you copy / edit modify files of root file system ..
Copy the desired ~.so to /usr / lib / usplash ..
After the installation finished navigate to System -> Administartion -> Startup Manager .
After it open click on Appearance tab .
Assuming you have already copied the ~.so file , select desired USplash from drop down list under USplash Option .
Now Installation is finished you will see a new USplash after next reboot .
Note : –
You can face few problem changing Usplash via Startup Manager .
If you face problem that your Usplash did not change even after selecting different Usplash from Startup Manager ..
To overcome this problem rename the Usplash you want to change to usplash - theme - ubuntu but this will replace default Ubuntu Splash so take backup before doing this step … .
GTK Splash : – Gtk Splash is the last splash screen that comes after Log In Screen .
GTK
Splash are normal images thaT comes with ~.png extension .
To Install download the GTK Splash images from give links and paste them under /usr / share / pixmaps / splash since its is under Root File System you need root privileged .
To do this Open terminal from Main Menu -> Accessories -> Terminal .
Type
sudo nautilus and press enter .
A new Window will open which will let you copy / edit modify files of root file system ..
Copy the desired image to /usr / share / pixmaps / splash ..
To Install GTK Splash Open Terminal and type
sudo apt - get install gtweakui
This will install gtweakui which is a very handy tool ..
Now after the installation gets finished open gtweak sessions from System -> Preferences -> gtweak sessions ..
Check Show Splash Screen on Log- In click on big thumbnail and select desired image ..
Installation is finished now you can view new GTK Splash after next Log - In ..
Sounds Installation : – Sounds are beeps / music that are the reaction of computer towards user integration .
You can install different sound to do this 1’st download the sound from given location .
The unzip the folder to desktop ..
Now Paste the Folder to /usr / share / sounds since its is under Root File System you need root privileged .
To do this Open terminal from Main Menu -> Accessories -> Terminal .
Type
sudo nautilus
And press enter .
A new Window will open which will let you copy / edit modify files of root file system ..
Copy the desired image to /usr / share / sounds .
To change sound navigate to System -> Preferences ->
Sound a new window will open Click on Sounds tab and change the cound you want to change .
Emerald Installation : Emerald provide windows border when 3d desktop manager is selected .
Emerald provide huge set of beautiful windows border to match you wallpaper and themes ..
To install Emerald Open Terminal and type
sudo apt - get install emerald
this will install emerald .
You can access emerald from System -> Preferences -> Emerald Theme Manager .
Emerald themes comes with .emerald extensions ..
To install themes download from give location and Open Emerald theme Manager ..
Click on Import and navigate to ~.emerald file and click open your new Emerald theme is installed ..
In order to use the Emerald theme your 3d Composite Manager should be running just select the theme you want to use from Emerald theme Manager …
Terminal Hack :-
To make Terminal transparent with / without Berly follow the steps Open Terminal click on Edit tab .
Then select Current Profile , a new window will open click on Effects tab .
Under effects tab you will notice background option .
Select Transparency and adjust the amount of transparent desktop you need .
You now has a transparent Terminal .
Customization to OSX
Apple latest OS that is full of eye candy and beautiful sets of icon and themes .
Customization of OSX is very easy and selective in terms of icons and themes as there are plethora of themes and icons sets present to pimp you Ubuntu to OSX… So lets start the customization ..
The new version of Ubuntu has n’t changed in terms of UI by default so it pretty same customization in the beginning ..
Here is the default Ubuntu desktop which has 2 Taskbars or Panel ..
The upper Panel is for navigation of Menus while the lower panel has option for navigation of Active Widows and Workspace ..
Since OSX comes with
One dock and sigle panel we have to configure Ubuntu like it only ..
So lets follow the steps to configure ubuntu into OSX ..
The 1’st thing is we have to delete the lower panel .. Right Click on lower panel and select Delete .
After that your lower panel will be deleted ..
The lower panel has 3 main applications . i.e Windows List , Workspace Switcher & Trash Icon .
Apart from these three only Windows List is important .
To get Windows List in Upper Panel Right Click upper panel and select Add to Panel ..
A new Windows will appear under Desktop & Windows option click on Window List and select add ..
Now you have successfully created a new panel …
Customization of the panels have been successfully done .
Now we should head towards customization of Looks , Feel and Sound of OSX ..
Since OSX has 2 flavor one is old OSX and other is new Leopard so I has selected themes so that you can choose a particular theme for OSX according to your taste ..
There are lots of other themes too but I ’ll recommend you to use this at most and after you know how to change theme you can select theme by your own choice ..
Fos OSX Old : –
For OSX Leopard Customization : –
Misc. Customization Pack : –
Sounds : Mac 4 Lin OSX Sound ..
OSX Leopard Full Customization Pack : Mac4 Lin. [ Highly Recommended ]
Customization to Vista
Vista is the latest OS from Microsoft camp ..
Promised a lots Vista fails to stands even a single ..
Finding Gnome 2.20 Vista theme is pretty difficult since developers are least bothered about it .. but still I find something that will match the taste of it …
So lets start the customization of Ubuntu to Vista .
Since Vista comes with
One dock and single panel we have to configure Ubuntu like it only ..
So lets follow the steps to configure Ubuntu into Vista ..
The 1’st thing is we have to delete the lower panel .. Right Click on lower panel and select Delete .
After that your lower panel will be deleted ..
The lower panel has 3 main applications . i.e Windows List , Workspace Switcher & Trash Icon .
Apart from these three only Windows List is important .
To get Windows List in Upper Panel Right Click upper panel and select Add to Panel ..
A new Windows will appear under Desktop & Windows option click on Window List and select add ..
You can change the position of panel just click on empty space of panel and drag where you want to place it ..
But I will suggest you to place the tab in the upper side only ..
Now you have successfully created a new panel … and customization of Panel has been done .
So head towards configuring theme and other parts of Ubuntu to make it look like Vista …
For Vista Leopard Customization : –
Miscellaneous Customization
Since I have been customizing Ubuntu from a long time I thought of giving few other and nice Customization .
I have added few new customization : –
New Human Customization .
Dark Ubuntu Customization ..
Peace Ubuntu Customization .
So let me start with my newly added customization ..
New Ubuntu Customization :-
This Customization part will be focusing on providing new Human
Theme , better icon and will provide with you new and better goodies ..
Panel customization will remains the same as you have done with Vista and OSX ..
So head towards configuring theme and other parts of Ubuntu to make it look like new and improved Ubuntu …
For New Ubuntu Customization : –
Dark Ubuntu Customization :-
This customization will customization will customize your Ubuntu to Dark Ubuntu providing your Ubuntu a new dark look that you will like a lot .
Panel customization will remains the same as you have done with Vista and OSX ..
So head towards configuring theme and other parts of Ubuntu to make it look like dark Ubuntu …
For Dark Ubuntu Customization : –
Peace Ubuntu Customization : –
This customization will change the look of you Ubuntu and will provide a serene white look that will provide you peace while your work .
Panel customization will remains the same as you have done with Vista and OSX ..
So head towards configuring theme and other parts of Ubuntu to make it look like dark Ubuntu …
For Peace Ubuntu Customization : –
Docks and Desklets
A cool desktop without Desklets and a cool Dock cannot be consider cool cause main eye candy if being provided by these Utils only ..
In this part I ’ll guide you Installing Dock and Desklets Manager ..
The Dock I will install is the most stable and is frequently updated know as AWN or Avant Windows Navigator is the best dock available for Linux So lets take a look at the Installation Steps of AWN and Desklets manager I ’ll use is Screenlets since Gusty comes with Compiz by default user will not face problem with transparency and all … .
Note : Before you try to install any of them I ’ll recommend you udate your system through Update Manager ..
Installing Avant Windows Navigator in Gusty Gibbon : – AWN is a Fully customizable dock - like window navigator for GNOME .
Awn is pretty stable and comes with some striking features so lets take a look on how to install AWN In Ubuntu Gusty Gibbon .. To do this open Terminal and type the following codes ..
gksudo gedit /etc/apt/sources.list
At the end of the text add these lines
deb http://download.tuxfamily.org/syzygy42/ gutsy avant - window - navigator
deb-src http://download.tuxfamily.org/syzygy42/ gutsy avant - window - navigator
Now copy and paste the following codes in Terminal ..
wget http://download.tuxfamily.org/syzygy42/reacocard.asc
- O- | sudo apt - key add –
sudo apt - get update
sudo apt - get upgrade
For AWN BZR do :
sudo apt - get install avant - window - navigator - bzr
You can install more applets for AWN by doing :
sudo apt - get install awn - core - applets - bzr
Installation of AWN is finished you can Customize AWN from AWM Manager which you can Access from System -> Preferences -> AWN Manager
Here is a theme that you will need for AWM
To install the theme open AWN Manager and under theme tab add the theme to AWN manager apply it and after next time you will open AWN theme will be activated ..
AWN Theme : AWN Transparent Theme
Installing Screenlets in Gusty Gibbon : – Screenlets provide with some eyecatching desklets that pimp your desktop and give a much better look ..
Screenlet provide a lot of desklets which work when 3d Composite Manager is turned On .
. So lets take a look how to install Screenlets :-
Open Terminal and type the following code :–
gksudo gedit /etc/apt/sources.list
Then add the following lines at the bottom : –
deb http://hendrik.kaju.pri.ee/ubuntu gutsy screenlets
Download Screenlets from http://www.screenlets.org/
..
Extract the archive and place the folder at desktop ..
Now open Terminal and type following codes ..
cd / path / of/ the/folder
Then type this
sudo make install
Now you can access Screenlets from System -> Preferences -> Screenlets
Enjoy you have installed the best pimping utility Adding Screenlets in database : –
To add a screenlets 1’st download the screenlet from gnome - look.org or Screenlet home page and follow the steps mentioned ..
To do this Open terminal from Main Menu -> Accessories -> Terminal .
Type sudo nautilus and press enter .
A new Window will open which will let you copy / edit modify files of root file system ..
Copy the desired image to /usr / local / share / screenlets ..
Now download the Screenlets from Gnome - look.org and unzip them ..
Open /usr / local / share / screenlets under root privileged and paste the folder under it you can now access your added Screenlets from Screenlets Manager i.e under System -> Preferences ->
Screenlets
Conclusion
Well I am ending my customization guide now hope you must have liked it and I am sure it will help you pimp your Ubuntu / Linux Mint Desktop …
So here Ubuntu Gusty Customization Guide or Linux Mint Customization Guide comes to an end …
This guide is free to use .
No part or whole of this guide should be reproduced without my permission .
Thats all for now .
Hope you all will like the hard work ..
Keep the reply and suggestions coming .
Any queries ask .
Ever your Sincere
Dark Star
Chris Matthews ' obsession with Hillary Clinton in recent weeks got even more bizarre after he attacked Carol Hunter for endorsing Hillary Clinton for the Democratic Party because she 's a woman .
Yep , that 's all .
And in Tweety 's inane and simple mind , that 's the only reason the Des Moines Register would have selected Hillary for the job .
Insulting much , Chris ?
I guess their endorsement of John McCain was n't enough for him .
Download Download ( h/t Heather )
Matthews : .... she may have gotten the Des Moines Register 's endorsement the other day thanks to her husband 's lobbying , with its female editors and publisher , but voters have spotted the dagger .
They do n't like what it looks like .
C&Lers may disagree with Hunter 's pick , I leave that for you to decide ( I like the Democratic field ) , but Matthews owes Carol Hunter an immediate on - air apology for his misogynistic outlook and very feeble view .
The way the media has treated Hillary has been disgraceful since she has been ahead in the national polls , but Matthews could n't contain his hatred of Hillary to her alone this time .
What does Carol know anyway , right Tweety ?
She 's just a female , probably with a shrill voice too ...
Chris should just announce his support for the cop on the street or the Aqua Velva man already and be done with it .
For more on the Clinton Derangement syndrome in our media check out Bill Moyers and Kathleen Hall Jamieson discussing this topic :
Sir Elton has a substantial collection of photographic art
The photo , Klara and Edda Belly Dancing by American Nan Goldin , was taken from Gateshead 's Baltic gallery by Northumbria Police on 20 September .
It was withdrawn the day before it was due to go on display .
The CPS had first considered the image of two naked young girls in 2001 , but it was then deemed not to be indecent .
Kerrie Bell , head of the CPS Northumbria South Unit , said the CPS had to consider whether " standards of propriety " had changed since 2001 .
' Legitimate defence '
She said that to consider the photograph indecent now , the CPS would have had to be satisfied standards had changed so much that it would be likely a court would now conclude the image was indecent .
But she said : " I am not satisfied that is the case .
" Even if the photograph was now considered to be indecent , a defendant would be able to raise a legitimate defence , given that the photograph was distributed for the purposes of display in a contemporary art gallery after having been deemed not to be indecent by the earlier investigation .
The Baltic hosts regular exhibitions of contemporary art
" Accordingly , I am of the opinion that the evidence is insufficient to justify proceedings for offences of possession or distribution of an indecent photograph . "
The " Thanksgiving " exhibition , which contained a further 148 photographs owned by Sir Elton , went ahead in September .
It was due to run until 20 January , but after nine days the singer asked for them to be removed , and the exhibition closed .
After Friday 's announcement the Baltic said in a statement : " We are pleased that this matter has now been resolved .
" We endeavoured to cooperate with the authorities throughout , but at the same time are very disappointed that this incident necessitated the early closure of an important exhibition . "
Marijuana growers have long faced a dilemma .
If they grow pot outdoors , weather conditions are unpredictable , and plants can be spotted from the air or accidentally discovered .
Yet if they set up an indoor operation in a sleepy town , their suspicious activity tends to draw attention .
The new and counterintuitive solution of some growers in California is to move into a busy , upscale suburban neighborhood and establish a “ marijuana mansion , ” as the street - life magazine Don Diva recently termed it .
Image Credit ...
Tamara Shopsin
A home that costs a half - million dollars or more is essentially converted into a weed factory : rooms are packed with hydroponically grown plants ; fans and air ducts are installed for moisture control and to remove the skunky odor ; the electricity box is rewired to steal electricity from power lines .
With precision light and temperature control , the growers , who do n’t live in the houses but check in a few times a week , can harvest more ( and more potent ) pot .
According to Lt. Greg Garland of the sheriff ’s department in San Bernardino County , where more than 50 pot houses have been raided this year , the growers favor newer communities in outlying suburbs because they get more space for the money , and residents pay scant attention to their neighbors .
“ In these communities , both the husband and wife work ; they ’re busy coming and going , ” Garland says .
“ One man we spoke to lived next to a grower for a year and was n’t even sure what color the guy ’s car was . ”
The late introduction of a new policy further burdening travelers to the US with HIV has caught many AIDS organizations off - guard .
The new visa waiver - promised as " streamlined " - is anything but .
Worse :
The 30 - day deadline for public comment imposed by DHS means a cut - off date of December 6 for reactions to the new regs , leaving little time for the AIDS advocacy community to mobilize .
That , Ordover told Gay City News , is a departure from standard practice for proposed new federal regulations ; the time frame for public reaction isusually much longer , she said .
No other democratic country bars people with HIV from even entering their borders ; no other democratic country uses HIV as a bar to becoming a permanent resident or citizen ; no other democratic country treats HIV as if it were malaria .
The US does solely because of a Jesse Helms conniption decades ago now , when knowledge of HIV was minuscule compared to today and subject to massive hysteria .
Instead of burdening people with HIV with even more stigma , hostility and fear , the Bush administration should surely adjust its travel and immigration policies to reflect the rest of its AIDS policy : humane , destigmatizing and rational .
I 'm baffled why they - and the Democrats , for that matter , cannot seem to end this draconian anachronism .
Increasingly , it 's an international embarrassment .
If China can end its ban to avoid global embarrassment during the Olympics , why cannot America ?
Is America really more backward than China on treating those with HIV ?
Here 's a small measure that the Bush administration could get through Congress that would add to the kudos they deserve on tackling the global stigma of HIV .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
But really , quite a bit like it .
The title is actually a quote from John Von Neumann .
And while it 's over half a century old , it is still indicative of the difficulty faced by those that are forced to generate random data .
When I teach a certain awareness course for developers , one of the basic messages is to not to try to reinvent crypto components , but use proven good ones .
Basically , it 's just way too hard to get it perfectly right for the mere mortals among us .
In crypto you basically have 4 basic building blocks : the symmetric and asymmetric cyphers , the hash functions and the ( pseudo ) random number generator .
With those , you can build whatever you need .
Lately the random number generator in windows seems to be under scrutiny .
Basically some crypto researchers are calling it broken and the press reports that Microsoft mostly seems to deny it 's a problem .
While it 's rather easy to make fun of Microsoft in this , take a look at what Microsoft employees write about PRNGs and the NIST recommendation : http://rump2007.cr.yp.to/15-shumow.pdf.
The viewpoints :
The research paper : http://eprint.iacr.org/2007/419.pdf
Microsoft does n't seem to have a public statement , but their position boils down to :
There is no security vulnerability as the information is not leaked .
The information is actually only released locally to authorized users .
E.g. Administrators have wide rights .
They encourage user to run with limited user rights .
They seem to be ready for what they call defense in depth ( inside one machine ) and to reevaluate the strength of their PRNG .
[ If a Microsoft spokesperson wants to send me quotable material , feel free ...]
Still security professionals will need to position themselves on the issue in the long run .
What do you think about it , why ?
Let us know and we 'll summarize the best replies we get .
--
Swa Frantzen
Science & Exploration Noctis Labyrinthus , labyrinth of the night
30/11/2007 4809 views 7 likes
These images taken by the High - Resolution Stereo Camera ( HRSC ) , onboard ESA ’s Mars Express imaged the Noctis Labyrinthus region , the ‘ labyrinth of the night ’ on Mars .
The HRSC took these pictures on 25 June 2006 in orbit 3155 , with a ground resolution of approximately 16 m / pixel .
Noctis Labyrinthus context map Noctis Labyrinthus lies at approximately 6.5° south and 260° east .
The Sun illuminates the scene from the north - west , top right in the image above .
The region is located directly on the western edge of Valles Marineris , the ‘ Grand Canyon ’ of Mars .
The closely - spaced , deeply incised , smaller , labyrinth - like fractures are eye - catching .
Noctis Labyrinthus , perspective view Noctis Labyrinthus forms part of a complex graben - system .
This system formed due to extensional tectonics .
During the process , intense volcanism in the Tharsis region led to the formation of a bulge , resulting in tectonic stress .
This caused the crust to thin out and form graben structures , which are elongated , trench - like features bounded by parallel normal faults .
As one can clearly see in the context map , the upper portion of the martian crust in this area is largely fractured .
Noctis Labyrinthus , perspective view
The scene in the picture exhibits parts of those graben structures that have 5000 -m deep incisions .
They are strongly eroded , and this can be seen from the debris at the bottom of the graben .
Younger rock - formations can be seen on the upper -edge of the graben .
Noctis Labyrinthus , nadir view
The sharpened colour image has been derived from the three HRSC colour channels and the nadir channel .
The perspective views have been calculated from the digital terrain model derived from the stereo channels .
The anaglyph image was calculated from the nadir and one stereo channel .
The black and white high - resolution image was derived from the nadir channel , which provides the highest level of detail .
Noctis Labyrinthus , anaglyph image Special , stereoscopic glasses are required to view the anaglyph ( 3D ) image .
For more information on Mars Express HRSC images , please read our updated FAQ ( frequently asked questions ) .
Counterfeit and pirated goods are a big problem for global business , costing hundreds of billions of dollars , according to manufacturers and trade groups .
But their estimates tell more about how difficult it is to assign a value to lost sales than about the actual size of the counterfeiting problem .
Washington business groups such as the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and the International AntiCounterfeiting Coalition calculate that global counterfeit sales equal $ 600 billion to $ 650 billion a year -- numbers parroted in news releases by companies claiming to fight piracy .
They build on the often - cited claim that counterfeit goods represent 5 % to 7 % of all world trade .
That claim got its official launch in a 1997 report by the International Chamber of Commerce , which cited these percentages as only a " general assumption . "
" It is virtually impossible to find accurate statistics to substantiate these perceptions " that counterfeiting is on the rise , the ICC author wrote .
The barriers to accurate data on piracy are clear :
It 's a shadowy business run by criminals .
Yet from these shaky foundations , a new gospel was born : 5 % to 7 % became the ubiquitous estimate .
It was used in a 1998 report by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development and is often attributed to that group -- " unfortunately , " OECD Deputy Director for Science , Technology and Industry John Dryden wrote earlier this year , because the number is based on methodology that is " not clear . "
Archbishop Tutu rebuked religious conservatives
In an interview with BBC Radio 4 , he said the Archbishop of Canterbury , Dr Rowan Williams , had failed to demonstrate that God is " welcoming " .
He also repeated accusations that the Church was " obsessed " with the issue of gay priests .
He said it should rather be focusing on global problems such as Aids .
" Our world is facing problems - poverty , HIV and Aids - a devastating pandemic , and conflict , " said Archbishop Tutu , 76 .
" God must be weeping looking at some of the atrocities that we commit against one another .
" In the face of all of that , our Church , especially the Anglican Church , at this time is almost obsessed with questions of human sexuality . "
Criticising Dr Williams , he said : " Why does n't he demonstrate a particular attribute of God 's which is that God is a welcoming God . "
' Extraordinarily homophobic '
Archbishop Tutu referred to the debate about whether Gene Robinson , who is openly gay , could serve as the bishop of New Hampshire .
He said the Anglican Church had seemed " extraordinarily homophobic " in its handling of the issue , and that he had felt " saddened " and " ashamed " of his church at the time .
Asked if he still felt ashamed , he said : " If we are going to not welcome or invite people because of sexual orientation , yes .
" If God , as they say , is homophobic , I would n't worship that God . "
Dr Williams has been working to limit divisions between liberal and traditionalist Anglicans that came to the fore following Bishop Robinson 's consecration in 2003 .
Following his plea for compromise , leaders of the Episcopal Church in the US agreed to halt the consecration of gay priests as bishops , to prevent a split in the Anglican Communion .
In the interview , Archbishop Tutu also rebuked religious conservatives who said homosexuality was a choice .
" It is a perversion if you say to me that a person chooses to be homosexual .
" You must be crazy to choose a way of life that exposes you to a kind of hatred .
" It 's like saying you choose to be black in a race - infected society . "
From Calvary
To Lambeth will be aired on BBC Radio 4 on Tuesday , 27 November at 2000 GMT .
A senior American diplomat said that there had not been any official contacts with the group and that he was unaware of its having received any support from the United States .
He also said that Mr. Haj - Ahmadi , while in Washington , did not meet with administration officials .
Image
The guerrillas send small teams into Iran , some of whom are armed with hand grenades and Russian - made machine guns .
Credit ... Warzer Jaff for The New York Times
Because the P.K.K. is on the State Department ’s list of terrorist organizations and aiding such groups is illegal , the United States is eager to avoid any hint of cooperation with the P.J.A.K .
Guerrilla leaders said the Americans classify the P.K.K. as a terrorist group because it is fighting Turkey , an important American ally , while the P.J.A.K. is not labeled as such because it is fighting Iran .
In fact , the two groups appear to a large extent to be one and the same , and share the same goal : fighting campaigns to win new autonomy and rights for Kurds in Iran and Turkey .
They share leadership , logistics and allegiance to Abdullah Ocalan , the P.K.K. leader imprisoned in Turkey .
While most Kurds are Sunni Muslims , the guerrillas reject Islamic fundamentalism .
Instead , they trace their roots to a Marxist past .
They still espouse what they call “ scientific socialism ” and promote women ’s rights .
After skirmishes between the guerrillas and Iranian forces intensified this year , the Iranian military began shelling border villages in August , sending residents fleeing and killing livestock .
The shelling drew angry criticism from Iraqi leaders , who condemned it as a disproportionate response .
But interviews with guerrillas suggest that they have inflicted considerable damage on Iran .
While it is impossible to verify the claims , the leader of the P.K.K. , Murat Karayilan , said the P.J.A.K. fighters had killed at least 150 Iranian soldiers and officials in Iran since August .
And Biryar Gabar says 108 Iranians were killed in August alone .
This site may earn affiliate commissions from the links on this page .
Terms of use
Before I launch into my tirade , I need to make a confession .
I like Vista .
I use it daily , but I also use it with the full knowledge that it ’s a pre-service pack 1 OS from the boys in Redmond .
That necessarily means it will have glitches , bugs , and annoyances .
That ’s a given .
I ’m willing to put up with all those headaches , certainly more so than Jim Louderback .
But there were several things I was really looking forward to in Vista that are simply missing in action or broken .
These are features I ’d really hope would improve my productivity and make life a little easier .
HA !
Let ’s run down the list , shall we ?
Font Compositing
Microsoft had made a pretty big deal about their font compositing technology .
A document with 12 point type would look like 12 point type , whatever the actual display engine .
This feature is n’t just for people who are heavily into desktop publishing .
As Jason Cross once noted , organizations that exchange PowerPoint presentations and Excel charts would see pretty measurable productivity gains .
If Ann Smith creates a presentation or chart on her 24 - inch , 1920 ×1200 display , then sends that presentation to Joe Jones , who views it on his 19 - inch , 1280 × 1024 display , he wo n’t have to fiddle around with the formatting just to read the document .
But that feature appears to be missing in action .
The same issues happen today if I create a document , such as an Excel chart , and send it off to someone with a different pixel resolution and DPI display .
Easier Networking
It is true that setting up Vista networking is easier than with Windows XP .
It is patently untrue that it ’s easier to use .
Check out this screen shot :
See that thing in the location dialog at the top that looks like looks like a progress bar ?
It is , in fact , a progress bar .
Vista seems to want to re-enumerate my network every time I open this window .
This is pretty silly .
Has no one at Microsoft ever heard of name or location caches ?
The system named Rivendell is actually my NAS .
It ’s always the last item to be enumerated , which means that getting to a particular folder on the NAS takes a painfully long time .
Sure , I could create a network drive , but I do n’t want to do it for every single folder .
But I also ca n’t simply map Rivedell to a network drive .
Finally , take a look at all those icons .
There are three entries for Pantheon .
Pantheon is the name of my production system , and the system name is the one that looks like a PC .
But the other two , “ Pantheon : Backup ” and “ Pantheon : Loyd ” are shared media devices that Windows creates when you turn on media sharing .
Those refer to two different users on the PC .
I suppose the musical note overlapping the film frame icon next to the little box represents media , but this certainly seems obtuse .
The good news here is that if you double - click on , say , “ Pantheon : Loyd ” , Media Player 11 runs and shows you your shared media .
But when I ’ve sat average users down on a Vista system , they ’re baffled by the differences in the icon .
Continued …
Sir Martin used the technology to probe cystic fibrosis
Mario Capecchi , Oliver Smithies and Briton Martin Evans developed a technique known as gene targeting .
It enabled them to replicate human diseases in mice by introducing genetic changes into the animal 's stem cells .
The Nobel Committee said this had led to many new insights into conditions such as cancer and heart disease .
Its impact on the understanding of gene function and its benefits to mankind will continue to increase over many years to come
Nobel committee
For instance , science has gained a greater understanding of how disease can strike otherwise healthy people .
The technique has also helped to shed new light on the ageing process , and on how the embryo develops in the womb .
It can be used to study almost every aspect of mammalian physiology .
In its citation , the Nobel Committee praised the technique as " an immensely powerful technology " which was now being used in virtually all areas of biomedical research .
" Gene targeting in mice has pervaded all fields of biomedicine , " it said .
" Its impact on the understanding of gene function and its benefits to mankind will continue to increase over many years to come . "
Gene knockout
The technique is commonly described as gene " knockout " .
Professor Capecchi specialises in organ generation
It enables scientists to silence specific genes , and monitor the effect , so that gene - by - gene they are able to build a picture of the development of disease .
To date more than 10,000 mice genes - around half of the total - have been knocked out , with the rest confidently predicted to follow soon .
As a result , more than 500 different mouse models of human disorders have been developed - including cardiovascular and neuro - degenerative diseases , diabetes and cancer .
The technology spun out of the discovery by Sir Martin of embryonic stem cells in mice .
These cells form all tissues of the body and Sir Martin found that they could be removed and grown separately in the laboratory .
All three scientists , who will share the prestigious $ 1.54 million award , have subsequently used gene targeting to make significant advances .
This group 's work has given hope to many thousands of people currently suffering from incurable genetic conditions
Jo Tanner
Coalition for Medical Progress
Professor Capecchi , based at the University of Utah , has used the technology to uncover the role of genes involved in organ development , and the overall plan of the body .
Sir Martin , of the University of Cardiff , has specialised on the inherited disease cystic fibrosis .
He described the award as like winning the " World Cup " .
He said : " It 's wonderful - the sort of thing which when you start off as a youngster in science you look up to these fantastic Nobel Prize winners , and think , could that ever be you ?
No , of course not .
Professor Smithies , of the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill , was born in the UK , but has since taken US citizenship .
He has developed mouse models for common human diseases such as high blood pressure and thickened arteries .
Profound effect
Professor Stephen O'Rahilly , of the University of Cambridge , said : " The development of gene targeting technology in the mouse has had a profound influence on medical research .
" Thanks to this technology we have a much better understanding of the function of specific genes in pathways in the whole organism and a greater ability to predict whether drugs acting on those pathways are likely to have beneficial effects in disease . "
Jo Tanner , of Coalition for Medical Progress , said : " If we are ever going to find cures for genetic conditions such as muscular dystrophy and cystic fibrosis , scientists will need to work on animal models , identifying the genetic defects responsible and correcting them in animals before trialling potential treatments in humans .
" This group 's work has given hope to many thousands of people currently suffering from incurable genetic conditions . "
LONDON ( Reuters ) - The United States has entered a recession , according to highly - regarded investor Jim Rogers , who told Britain ’s Daily Telegraph newspaper on Wednesday he was switching out of the dollar and into yen , the yuan and the Swiss franc .
Construction work continues on new homes in Carlsbad , California September 18 , 2007 .
The United States has entered a recession , investor Jim Rogers told Britain 's Daily Telegraph newspaper on Wednesday .
REUTERS / Mike Blake ( UNITED STATES )
The veteran investor , who predicted the 1999 commodities rally , also said he was still bullish about surging Chinese stock markets despite worries over a bubble .
Fears are growing over the health of the U.S. economy after the fallout from the subprime mortgage market crisis and the global credit crunch it triggered .
The U.S. Federal Reserve has already slashed borrowing costs by 50 basis points to 4.75 percent to try and shore up the world ’s biggest economy and is widely expected to lower interest rates again next week .
“ The US economy is undoubtedly in recession , ” Rogers told the Telegraph in Hong Kong in an article published on its Website .
“ Many parts of industry are actually in a state worse than recession .
If it were not for ( Federal Reserve Chairman Ben ) Bernanke putting huge amounts of money into the market , the stock market would probably be down much more than it is . ”
Rogers , who co-founded the Quantum Fund with billionaire investor George Soros in the 1970s , said it made sense to desert the dollar .
“ All other things being equal during the next six months , that ’s the way I will go , ” he said .
“ But if the Swiss franc goes through the roof , I probably wo n’t put money into the Swiss franc . ”
And he dismissed worries for now that surging Chinese equities had formed a bubble .
The Shanghai Composite Index .SSEC settled 1.2 percent higher on Wednesday at 5,843 points .
This time last year the index was trading around 1,800 points .
“ It ’s not a bubble yet -- if it goes past 9,000 in January I ’ll have to sell .
Bubbles always end badly , ” he said .
“ I do not want to sell Chinese stocks .
I want to own them forever and I want my < four year - old > daughter to own them . ”
Romania removes theory of evolution from school curriculum Romania ’s withdrawal of the theory of evolution from the school curriculum could be evidence of a growing conservative tendency in teaching STORY TOOLS post a comment e-mail this story print this story Evolution has been removed from the schools curriculum in a move , which pressure groups argue distorts children ’s understanding of how the world came into being .
Meanwhile , religious studies classes continue to tell Romanian children that God made the world in seven days .
The theory of the Origin of Species and the evolution of humans is no longer present in the compulsory curriculum , through a nationwide decision made under the previous Government in 2006 .
Before the change , Darwin ’s theory was taught to pupils aged 18 or 19 years old .
This was also in the curriculum during the Communist period of dictator Nicolae Ceausescu .
Information on natural selection , how fish turned into lizards and , more or less , a summary of the first 4.5 billion years of the world until man walked the earth is now optional .
“ We do n’t teach the theory of evolution anymore , ” said one 38 year - old Bucharest - based biology teacher .
But the Minister of Education , Cristian Adomnitei , argues that biology is taught within the context of evolution .
“ This subject can be found implicitly from middle school to high - school , ” the Minister tells The Diplomat .
“ Do you think that the studies about the world where we live , its evolution or genetics can ignore the evolution theory ?
This is impossible . ”
But Remus Cernea , president of NGO the Solidarity for Freedom of Conscience , is unimpressed by the Ministry ’s position on implicit learning .
“ How can the evolution theory be implicit ? ” Cernea says .
“ The evolution theory is either present in the curriculum and in the text books and is studied by everybody , or not present in the curriculum and nobody studies it . ”
Meanwhile , in religious classes , pupils are taught that the world was created in seven days and God made plants on the third day and the sun on the fourth .
Textbooks claim the first man was Adam , who was ‘ made of ground ’ , and that Eve , the first woman , was made from one of her husband ’s ribs .
“ The Romanian state , whether it intends or not , offers pupils a unique perspective on the world , the religious one , without any critical scientific or philosophical offset , ” argues Cernea .
Biology has been cut from two hours to one of teaching per week for the final two years in many high schools .
In place of evolution , kids are taught more about human ecology and the environment .
A subject which one biology teacher says children find boring .
“ Kids find out what really happened from the Discovery channel , ” she adds .
“ They do n’t really believe the world was made in six days .
Well , I hope they do n’t . ”
No one is accusing the Orthodox Church of any kind of conspiracy to replace evolution with creationism by the back door .
“ The only motivation I can see is the lack of vision on pupil ’s education in Romania , ” says Cernea .
In 2006 , the Ministry of Education and Research also removed Voltaire , Camus and Nietzsche from the philosophy curriculum .
These three writers are noted for their critical views on religion and Nietzsche ’s pronouncement that ‘ God is dead ’ .
Some teachers fear a creeping conservative tendency in Romania ’s schools .
At present , children are told religiouns classes from ages seven to 18 .
This is mostly an Orthodox curriculum .
They are also taught to sleep in on Sunday mornings is bad because children should be going to church .
“ It ’s not being taught about religion and what it means , ” said one headmistress .
If a parent want their child not to attend the classes , because they are , for example , Jewish , Muslim or agnostic , he or she has to draft a letter to the school .
The child then sits in a library or the head teacher ’s office working on , say , maths or languages .
But there are new proposals to make all religious classes compulsory for the education system , regardless of the parents ’ wishes .
All children who do not want to attend Religion classes would attend a Moral and Religious Education class .
But there is no one qualified to teach Moral and Religious Education .
Some teachers fear that the classes will , with minor additions , be the same Orthodox curriculum dictated by a religious studies teacher to a single Jew , Muslim or Humanist in a library or staff room .
Report by Michael Bird
Additional reporting :
Corina Ilie and Ana -Maria Nitoi
Wed , 09 Oct 2013 [ 15:51 ]
The Weirdest Languages in the World Natural language processing ( NLP ) is about finding patterns in language - for example , taking heaps of unstructured text and automatically pulling out its structure .
The open secret about NLP is that it 's very English - centric .
English is far and away the language that linguists have worked on the most and it's also the language that has the most available resources for computer science projects ( and more data is almost always better in computer science ) .
So one of the best ways to test an NLP system is to try languages other than English .
The better that a system can deal with diverse data , the more confident that you can be in its ability to handle unseen data .
The World Atlas of Language Structures evaluates 2,676 different languages in terms of a bunch of different language features .
These features include word order , types of sounds , ways of doing negation , and a lot of other things - 192 different language features in total .
So rather than take an English - centric view of the world , WALS allows us take a worldwide view .
That is , we evaluate each language in terms of how unusual it is for each feature .
The language that is most different from the majority of all other languages in the world is a verb-initial tonal languages spoken by 6,000 people in Oaxaca , Mexico , known as Chalcatongo Mixtec ( aka San Miguel el Grande Mixtec ) .
Number two is spoken in Siberia by 22,000 people : Nenets ( that 's where we get the word parka from ) .
Number three is Choctaw spoken by about 10,000 people , mostly in Oklahoma .
But here 's the rub - some of the weirdest languages in the world are ones you 've heard of : German , Dutch , Norwegian , Czech , Spanish , and Mandarin .
And actually English is # 33 in the Language Weirdness Index .
As you may know , I helped found last year a company called Idibon , where we 're building massively scalable natural language processing .
The following are some thoughts from our senior data scientist , Tyler Schnoebelen , on the complexities of understanding the complexity of language : ... in spite of being spoken today by over a billion people !
Read more ...
Read more ...
Wed , 26 Oct 2011 [ 07:26 ]
What I Saw Tonight at Occupy Oakland I just spent three - plus hours watching a standoff between a phalanx of riot police , and a sizable group of citizens , at the entrance to Frank Ogawa Square at 14th and Broadway in Oakland , CA .
I 'm back at home , and tired out , but , before I go crash , I wanted to set down a few thoughts which might not fit into 140 characters , while I ponder the little pile of rubber bullets on my kitchen table .
I did n't get there until the crowd had already been tear - gassed at least a couple times .
No , I had been idling in my comfortable apartment in San Francisco , poking at Twitter and thinking about going to bed early , until I found myself watching a live video feed of the public demonstration following the eviction of the Occupy Oakland encampment from Frank Ogawa Square .
A video shot and streamed live over the Internet from someone 's cell phone .
I watched this live cell phone video stream , from the comfort of my own home , for about 45 minutes straight .
Pause and let that sink in for a moment .
Finally , I just could n't take it any more , and I had to go down to downtown Oakland to see for myself .
I took some photos with my mobile while I was down there , and posted a bunch of tweets .
And I saw something tonight that impressed me greatly .
I saw several hundred ordinary people get repeatedly assaulted with concussion grenades and tear gas , and shot at with rubber bullets , and then return , again and again , like nothing had happened .
I saw a lot of anger directed at the police firing the bullets and grenades , which was a shame , because the police are n't actually the reason these people are in the streets .
Most police officers are decent , reasonable people , whose worst excess is taking orders from a power structure that no longer prioritizes the welfare of the citizens , whom they , the cops , have sworn to protect .
Now these citizens , the ones who have lately been getting screwed out of the chances they thought they had for decent jobs and decent housing and decent education , these same citizens are in the streets , and they are angry , and a bit of that anger overflows , and becomes a glass bottle tossed over the police barricade , and then , suddenly , the street is full of screaming , and people running , and billowing clouds of tear gas .
Through those gas clouds , I saw men and women and more , fleeing and choking and coughing .
I saw teenagers and I saw people who could 've been in their seventies .
I saw the able - bodied and I saw people with canes and in wheelchairs .
I saw human beings of every identifiable race and color .
I watched them scatter in the face of overwhelming and disproportionate police violence , and I watched them converge again on the police line , as soon as the gas had dissipated .
Who on Earth would do such a thing ?
And why ?
Well , these people are just your basic fellow Americans . *
They come from innumerable backgrounds and have diverse creeds , but they all want the same thing :
They want a country , and a world , in which each and every individual has a fair chance to lead a dignified life .
They want everyone to have a fair shot at a decent job , a decent home , a decent education , decent health care , and the means to provide for their kin .
With not one person excepted .
That 's the main difference between us and the Tea Partiers , I think -- we exclude no one .
And that used to be what the American Dream was all about , right ?
You could be anyone from anywhere , but , if you were willing to work hard , then you too could improve your lot in life .
Well , not any more .
And the people I saw tonight , these decent , well - meaning Americans , they know it , they are acutely aware of this fact now , and they are bloody well pissed off about it .
And they 're right to be pissed off .
What 's a little tear gas , in face of crushing debt , burdensome college loans , medical bills that can't be paid , foreclosure , a declining standard of living , and not much hope for the future otherwise ?
Tonight , Oakland , you have a right to be proud of your citizens .
And America , yes , and Planet Earth :
You have a right to be proud of the people of Oakland .
They stood up for you tonight , for all of you .
For the idea that you -- and everyone else -- all have a right to lead a decent , dignified life , free of poverty and hunger and debt .
This is going to get a lot worse before it gets better , I fear .
But , from what I saw tonight , it will most certainly get better , in the end .
Meanwhile , the world is watching .
(* if you are not American , please excuse the rhetorical device . )
Wed , 13 Oct 2010 [ 16:56 ]
On the Community and Practice of Crisis Mapping Last week , I attended the 2nd International Conference on Crisis Mapping ( aka ICCM 2010 ) in Cambridge , MA .
The conference was a rare opportunity to talk with some of the people doing the most innovative work these days in information technology for humanitarian crisis response and recovery .
This year 's ICCM was particularly enlivened by the involvement of projects like Ushahidi and OpenStreetMap in humanitarian relief operations over the last year .
These are some reflections on what I see as being the salient issues facing the Crisis Mappers community , as represented at the conference .
If this essay 's length tries your patience , read Kim Stephens 's much , much more concise notes on the four general themes of ICCM instead .
Or read this essay first , and then read those notes .
1 . Crisis Mapping : Neither " crisis " , nor " mapping " .
Discuss .
Quinn Norton pointed out to me that few ( none ? ) of the IT projects represented at ICCM were specifically intended for mapping humanitarian crises , as such .
Ushahidi , the best represented of those present , was designed to crowdsource operational awareness in emergency situations , to which mapping is only an auxiliary function .
Sahana is designed for similar ends , with mapping as but one of many plugins to the main system .
On the other side , OpenStreetMap , for example , is a project to produce free map data , but which only recently became useful in crisis response -- although Mikel Maron and Jesse Robbins accurately foresaw this use as early as 2007 .
MapAction was perhaps the only " crisis mapping " org represented at the conference , and only DevelopmentSeed 's MapBox project comes close to an IT system intended specifically for crisis mapping .
In fact , in spite of the breathless attention paid to crowdsourcing as a practice , the conference itself arguably was not even really about " crowdsourcing for humanitarian relief " , as the overwhelming majority of the participants in the discussion sessions on Saturday and Sunday were from large agencies , NGOs , universities , and even the US military .
You might say the conference topic was " IT for humanitarian relief " , but that 's a rather too broad appellation , and covers all kinds of things that were n't represented there .
So how exactly do we define the community and practice of " Crisis Mapping " ?
Despite the lack of an adequate definition , I 'm going to make repeated reference in the following to " Crisis Mapping " , all for the sake of argument .
Caveat emptor !
2 . Everything in its right place .
The past few months have yielded heated debate about the value of the practice of " crowdsourcing " , i.e. the use of loosely coordinated volunteer participants in a knowledge creation or collection task , via the ' Net , SMS , et cetera , to disaster relief proper .
The intensity of this debate has been remarkable , and arguably unproductive , but was n't much aired during the conference , probably due to the nature of the event 's organization .
To reiterate briefly : Crowdsourcing technologies ( e.g. Ushahidi , e.g. OSM ) have the potential to dramatically improve operational awareness for humanitarian crisis responders by distributing the costs and efforts of data collection and curation across a large group of volunteers , sometimes via the Internet .
This has been shown to work in practice ( Mission 4636 , OSM ) in Haiti , and is amazing , unprecedented .
The counterargument is that crowdsourcing risksproducing huge volumes of inaccurate data , and is vulnerable to manipulation and abuse .
Unlike the Emergency 911 system in the US , which carries legal penalties for false alarms , crowdsourcing techniques lack any effective way to discourage misuse or abuse .
Therefore , encouraging humanitarian relief actors to depend on unreliable sources of information irresponsibly chances diverting their attention from hazardous situations where people 's lives may be at stake .
In fact , both sides are right .
Mission 4636 and OpenStreetMap both very clearly , and somewhat miraculously , provided information that directly enabled crisis responders in Haiti to save the lives of people in danger .
The value of crowdsourcing in disaster relief has been undeniably demonstrated .
The key question is how much and what kind of value .
Crowdsourced data is absolutely not without potential flaws , and needs to be taken with a grain of salt .
It wo n't always work perfectly , but we need n't throw the proverbial baby out with the bath water .
Crowdsourcing itself can never be a replacement for traditional intel in humanitarian relief operations , but it can -- and should -- be used responsibly by relief actors to build an accurate picture of the situation on the ground .
As a chap from the US NGA ( really ) said to me at an information management cluster meeting at the UN Logbase in Port - au - Prince in February , " Unverified information is still better than no information at all ! "
3 . How to make miracles happen on time .
The elephant in the room is that the considerable utility of crowdsourcing to the international relief operation in Haiti came about with almost no planning or forethought .
Both Mission 4636 and the humanitarian OpenStreetMap response were organized , to one degree or another , on an ad hoc basis in the first few days after the earthquake , relying almost exclusively on people doing their best to employ the resources they had available to the greatest effect they could manage .
The OpenStreetMap effort , particularly , had effectively no leadership to speak of , and relied on a wiki page to coordinate the efforts of over 600 volunteers in the first two weeks after the disaster .
In fact , haiticrisismap.org , which housed most of the imagery used by OSM editors , was mostly the work of two or three people , particularly Christopher Schmidt at MetaCarta .
Nevertheless , Mission 4636 reports were used in relief efforts by the US military 's Southern Command , and OpenStreetMap data likewise by at least a dozen international agencies , all by the end of those two weeks .
This , to be blunt , was a bit of a miracle .
In some ways , no one is more astounded than we that our efforts bore such fruit .
The content of nearly all the discussions at ICCM ' 10 centered ultimately on the following questions :
When the next disaster hits , how can we cause the same miracles to happen on time ?
When relief agencies start depending on the work of the crowd , how do we ensure that the crowd shows up ?
These are n't questions with simple answers .
For example , volunteer interest hinges , largely , on media attention .
The tragic flooding in Pakistan this summer has adversely impacted ten times as many people as the quake in Haiti , but media attention has been far less strident , with the result that many fewer OSM volunteers have stepped up to contribute .
Access to the commercial satellite imagery , which makes collaborative remote editing of OSM possible , has also been much harder to obtain , for similar reasons .
Moreover , every non -profit org , formal or ad - hoc , has to contend with volunteer fatigue .
The more acute and immediate a disaster is , the easier it is to focus attention on it , which , again , has made crowdmapping Haiti far easier than Pakistan .
The longer a situation wears on , the less urgency a volunteer will feel to act , and the more likely it will become that any given volunteer has other , more pressing things to do .
By the same token , casual volunteers can only be called into service so many times before they start to tune out the requests .
Consequently , the " Crisis Mapping " community needs to steward its volunteer strength carefully .
What criteria do we use to determine that a disaster is acute enough to warrant mounting a response ?
Additionally , since our community 's capacities naturally vary with time and with the nature of a given crisis event , how can we best set realistic expectations and maintain relationships of trust with the larger , more formal aid organizations that we seek to support ?
4 . A world without Web. Question :
What happens when a thousand relief actors deploy to the same disaster zone and all turn on their BGAN units at once ?
Answer : Absolutely nothing .
Inmarsat 's Broadband Global Area Network , aka BGAN , is a satellite broadband service that provides ( ideally ) a half a megabit downstream to a transceiver that fits in a backpack .
Even though the service can cost as much as US $ 7.50 a megabyte (! ) , BGAN nevertheless has unimaginable utility to humanitarian aid workers , who have deployed to a part of the world where the ( probably already meager ) infrastructure has been totally smashed .
BGAN transceivers are comparatively cheap -- thousands of US dollars , instead of , say , tens of thousands -- so nearly everyone has one .
Which means that , if everyone shows up in theater with a BGAN unit , the geosynchronous satellite serving that region becomes overloaded instantly , and nothing gets through .
This was the case in Haiti for the first few days after the quake , until Inmarsat re-tasked some of the relevant satellite 's antennas , at which point BGAN bandwidth went from absolutely nothing to a mere trickle .
It 's tough for those of us blessed with a wealth of Internet access to imagine what this is like .
While visiting the MapAction volunteers at Logbase in Port - au - Prince , I volunteered to download them the latest OSM updates over their satellite link .
" See , it 's only 14 megabytes , " I said .
" 14 megabytes ? ? "
I was greeted with incredulous horror .
" Dear Lord , do n't download that ! "
( Also , it would have cost something like $ 100 , which I did n't know at the time . )
This means , point blank , that any IT solution intended for use by relief workers in a disaster zone needs to work independently of the Internet .
I say this , without pointing fingers , because I keep seeing humanitarian aid tools being proposed and developed by well - intended individuals and organizations -- some of them * quite * large -- that depend on ample network access to be of any use .
Seriously , guys .
Knock it off .
That same technical ingenuity needs to be put into working out how information technology can be used to coordinate humanitarian aid volunteers , both in * and * out of country , on a minimum of bandwidth , as low tech as possible .
Andy Smith of MapAction described , for example , an arrangement that pushes incremental updates of GIS data between an ArcGIS server in the UK and another deployed in a disaster response .
Much as I dislike the tech they 're using -- which is my problem , not theirs -- this is the right kind of thinking , and we need to see more of it .
5 . A time to sow , and a time to reap .
" Crisis Mapping " is an inherently reactive practice .
The disaster , whatever it is , has already happened by the time the mapping starts , which isalmost by definition , the worst point in time to do anything .
The best time to map a disaster , naturally , is * before * the disaster occurs .
Knowing when a disaster will happen entails an unrealistic degree of prescience , but a lot of research goes into anticipating * where * disasters may occur .
The disaster hazard and vulnerability for any given locale can be viably assessed by experts , and the places at greatest risk should be prospectively mapped .
In fact , this is one of the goals that Stuart Gill and Galen Evans are pursuing with the GeoNode project , as part of their work in disaster risk management at the World Bank .
Similarly , MapAction have started sending pre-emptive missions to vulnerable places , e.g. Nepal , to prevent repeats of the scenario that resulted in Haiti , where the national mapping agency 's facilities were destroyed , and their data rendered inaccessible .
Meanwhile , back at the conference , Kate Chapman presented the ongoing work of the Humanitarian OpenStreetMap Team in conducting trainings in Cité Soleil , in Port - au - Prince , and Jamie Lundberg talked about the development of Map Kibera in Nairobi .
I would like to see the Crisis Mappers community develop more projects like these .
Building local technical capacity is slow , sometimes tedious , and far less glamorous than disaster response .
On the other hand , working proactively with communities at risk to develop their resilience to possible future disasters is far , far better than having to help pick up the pieces afterwards .
6 . Beware the white man 's burden .
As a wealthy , educated white guy , I am probably not even entitled to speak up about this , but I fear that the idea of Crisis Mapping runs a perpetual risk of turning condescending , and even a bit imperialistic , towards those whose homes are being mapped .
I believe that we who live far from the misery of poverty need to tread very carefully , and be exceedingly humble , when contemplating action ostensibly on behalf of people who are suffering .
I observe , without meaning to criticize anyone , that though the name " Haiti " was in the explicit theme of ICCM ' 10 , I nevertheless saw precisely one person from Haiti ( Kurt Jean - Charles , from noula.ht ) at the conference .
To be a responsible practice , Crisis Mapping needs to be fully inclusive , and incorporate the voices and expertise of people who live in the places where the mapping takes place .
A great place to start would be to follow Emily Jacobi 's suggestion of raising funds to enable members of the Crisis Mappers community from outside the US and Europe to attend ICCM 2011 .
The OpenStreetMap community has done this for the last two State of the Map conferences , with reasonable success .
A word of warning to next year 's organizers , though -- even this little can backfire :
In 2010 , 7 out of the 15 recipients of " scholarships " to this year 's State of the Map were denied visas by EU governments at the last minute , including Guensmork Alcin , an OSM organizer from , yes , Haiti .
7 . The rise of the pro-am humanitarian .
Another interesting trend to appear in the past year of Crisis Mapping is the rise in prominence of the " pro-am humanitarian " .
The quintessential example is Todd Huffman , who runs , with a partner , a beer - for - data program out of a compound in Jalalabad , and has the formal support of ... no one at all .
He works as a consultant for a number of organizations , and seems to usually get his travel expenses paid , but ultimately humanitarian relief is , in his own words , a hobby and not a profession .
This distinction , Todd claims , gives him the freedom to move quickly , and to accomplish things that would be difficult or impossible for others with more substantial backing .
To be fair , this breed of humanitarian worker is hardly new , and Todd is hardly the only example .
Everyone in MapAction , everyone involved in the Humanitarian OpenStreetMap Team , and many of the people involved in Mission 4636 were and are committed volunteers , amateurs with professional - grade skills .
These " pro-am humanitarians " , and the organizations they work with , have demonstrated an ability to accomplish things that would be very difficult for any UN agency or large NGO to manage , on account of their size and speed .
The future , I think , of " Crisis Mapping " , whatever it may become , will lie in these two sets of crisis relief participants , professional and pro-am , in learning to build trust , and in starting to work together in a way that leverages the respective strengths of each .
We have seen this work once before , but a little haphazardly .
Now we need to take the much harder step of learning how to make the miracles happen reliably and on time , before the next time they are needed .
Tue , 16 Feb 2010 [ 23:47 ]
God 's Own Forsaken Country
Our flat in Port - au - Prince -- Pétionville , actually -- two flats , actually -- well , our two flats in Pétionville are right next to the ( former ? )
Romanian consulate , right across from the Brazilian consulate , and just down the street from Place Boyer , a very nice green bit of park ; or it was , at least , right up until last month , when it became an IDP camp .
An Internally Displaced Persons camp is identical to a refugee camp , except that the accepted international definition of " refugee " involves someone who has fled across an international border to wind up at their camp .
Since the Pótoprinsiens who are living in the park down the street are actually from this neighborhood , the nomenclature by which they are regarded is the rather verbose phrase " Internally Displaced Persons " ; hence , " IDP camp . "
Now , slums outside of the developed West are always an assault on the senses , and the main difference between an IDP camp and a slum , as far as I can make out , is only one of relative age .
Slums are crowded , chaotic , noisy , and , above all , they stink .
An IDP camp smells just like a slum , and , from what I have seen , slums smell pretty much the same , all round the world :
They reek of garbage , rotting garbage , burning garbage , human bodily waste , and , occasionally , strong cooking smells .
This particular melange , born of people living in close quarters with little - to - no running water or adequate sanitation , is basically impossible to forget , once experienced .
That is what our neighborhood smells like .
To be fair , this is Pétionville , up in the hills overlooking Port - au - Prince , and so the IDP campers here are fairly well - to - do .
They camp in Coleman tents , and have big Christian revival concerts pretty much every night with a drum kit and a PA system and amplified instruments .
The camp seems well organized as such things go -- the residents have , for example , kept clear the original walking paths of the park .
I have even seen kids in the camp checking their email on laptops .
A month ago , a third of the buildings in Port - au - Prince were severely damaged or destroyed .
The problem is , no one knows which of the two - thirds still standing are actually safe , and which are only waiting to cave in or fall over .
The Haitian people regard themselves , justly , I think , as being both resilient and resourceful to the extreme , having been put to it by adversity .
So these people are all living in the neighborhood park .
Further down the hill , in Delmas , by contrast , the camps run more to tarps and the like .
We have even seen camps made basically of nothing beyond corrugated cardboard , tree branches , and string .
Since we brought tents , but did n't need them -- quite the contrary -- I gave mine to Erdem within a day of arriving , so that he could relay it to a shelterless family he knew personally .
But the rainy season is going to start soon , and , when it does , everyone will be living in mud , possibly inches deep .
There will be flash floods and possibly landslides .
There will be mosquitos bearing malaria , and , heaven forfend , one or more of these camps might see a cholera outbreak .
Then , in a few more months , to add insult to injury , hurricane season will start .
So I am almost uncomfortable at how comfortable these flats are , two of them , one for me and one for Tom , as a result of the fact that pretty much the entire World Bank 's Haiti mission was mired in meetings in snowy DC when we showed up , leaving Erdem , one driver , and two semi-clueless consultants to hold down the fort .
In fact , these two flats , in the same building , are the World Bank headquarters in Haiti , because their former office building is n't fit to set foot into any longer .
Both apartments are airy , with high ceilings , and glass - paned doors that open on to multiple balconies .
The flat downstairs has a broadband Wi -Max connection .
The flat upstairs has a breathtaking view , or , would have , if the smog was n't so bad .
And why not ?
Haiti is the western half of a Caribbean island , with all the scenic magnificence such an appellation implies , from the rugged green mountains , to the rolling , deep - blue sea .
Meanwhile , down below the smog somewhere , lies the capital of a country that was only the second in the New World to throw off its colonial yoke ; a country which has been repeatedly invaded by France , Spain , Britain , and the United States ; a country that has been crippled by decades of corruption and the failure of the rule of law ; a country not more than about 200 miles from the richest in the world , in which our driver earns $ 18 a day and most of the food in the supermarket is imported ; a country that lies both in the path of hurricanes and on a major seismic fault .
Few nation - states have been so royally shafted by both history and geography at once .
It is incredible to me how sharp the contrast here is ; how Haiti is possessed , simultaneously , incredible natural beauty and of unutterable human misery .
I find it very easy to think of this place as " God 's Own Forsaken Country " .
Sat , 13 Feb 2010 [ 22:25 ]
Byenvenu nan Pòtoprens !
On the morning of Thursday 13 February , Tom Buckley and I skipped breakfast again , and left the Hotel Embajador in Santo Domingo , with enough time for the taxi to take us back to the World Bank office and retrieve the Hepatitis A vaccine we 'd accidentally left in the the fridge the previous evening , before heading to El Higuero airport for the morning UN Humanitarian Air Service flight to Port - au - Prince .
In a move born of either genius , desperation , or some combination , Tom seized on the first medical - looking person he found at the airport -- she turned out to be a WHO doctor from somewhere in Latin America -- and had her administer his last immunization , thus relieving me of the responsibility , to everyone 's considerable relief .
Check - in for the flight itself was weirdly informal , and the ticket and boarding pass even more so .
The plane itself was a vintage de Haviland Dash 8- 100 , and the other passengers on the flight were an assorted dozen of exactly the kind of people you 'd expect to be on a UN charter flight :
There was a middle - aged Swiss aid worker , a young Spanish news photographer , our friend the aforementioned Latina doctor and a couple of her colleagues , two or three guys who could have been Canadian firefighters or Belgian civil engineers or something , a few ruddy - faced Northern European UN apparatchiks , and me and Tom .
We were the only ones who spoke a single word on the the flight .
The flight itself took an hour , and was very scenic .
Entertainingly , we left JBQ at 10 am , and arrived at PAP at 10 am , due to the time zone difference .
Our final approach to PAP took us over a dirt racetrack that I had been using as a visual reference a month previous , while working with the satellite imagery of Port - au - Prince , because it was so visually distinctive from above .
Not for a split second in the week or two that I spent marshalling overhead imagery of Haiti for use by the OpenStreetMap community -- most of it later to be folded into Christopher Schmidt 's Haiti Crisis Map -- did I imagine that in another couple more weeks I 'd be flying right over that racetrack .
The oddest thing about the entire process was that the flight attendant 's patter was exactly she would have said in the cabin of an ordinary 747 , verbatim , from the safety demonstration , right down to the post - landing taxiway reminder not to open our seatbelts until the plane had taxied to a complete stop and the captain had turned off the " fasten seat belts " light .
In fact , just about the only thing she did not say was " Please enjoy your stay in Port - au - Prince , " a small favor for which I , at least , was very grateful .
Somehow , it had to be at least 5 °C hotter in Port - au - Prince than it had been in Santo Domingo , and about thirty times as humid .
We were quickly escorted across the tarmac at PAP , past some repurposed Soviet helicopters , to a baggage claim out of the back of a pickup truck that was , if possible , even more informal than anything that had happened up to that point .
Amazingly , the UN Humanitarian Air Service nevertheless still managed to maintain the illusion of being an actual airline , by losing ( for a second time ) a piece of Tom 's luggage , specifically , the bag containing his air mattress .
So there we were , freshly arrived on a special charter flight to an airfield in a disaster zone thousands of miles from home , with only the vaguest idea of our objective there , waiting to meet our contact , who would brief us on our actual mission .
The whole thing was getting a bit Mission Impossible , if you know what I mean .
While we were waiting , I watched soldiers wander past the terminal , from Japan , Chile , Mexico , Jordan , Malta ( ! ) , Uruguay , and the United States , all in the space of about ten minutes .
Our contact finally showed up , in the form of one Erdem Ergin , the World Bank 's disaster risk management specialist in Port - au - Prince , of Turkish - Swiss origin , and an absolute whirlwind of energy .
He and Tom went off to make one last stab at locating Tom 's tent , while I waited with the rest of the luggage , and , in the process , had my first meeting with a native - born resident of Haiti , a man named Jean - Louis , who , within a minute of exchanging of pleasantries , noted that he was looking for work , handed me his CV , and solemnly told me to call his mobile if I needed help with anything at all .
I took his CV and , with regret , promised nothing .
Byenvenu nan Pòtoprens !
Erdem and Tom returned without Tom 's bag , and , by the time the remaining luggage was loaded into the car , Erdem was already simultaneously K - turning his car into oncoming traffic to whisk us off to a meeting , and launching into an endlessly branching braindump on every subject conceivably related to the activities in Haiti in which the World Bank was immediately involved , and what our role in it all would be .
Between the various Haitian government agencies and their UN counterparts , it became evident that we were in immediate risk of drowning in alphabet soup : CNIGS , CIAT , MTPTC , UNOPS , UNOSAT , PDNA , EC / JRC , OCHA , MINUSTAH , IDB , USAID .
Eventually , Tom and I would have to meet with people from literally each one of these organizations , figure out what the hell they were up to , vis a vis creating and using geographic information , and then try to figure out how they could all work together .
That was our mission , in a nutshell .
The key point in all this was that , as consultants to the World Bank , we would be specifically concerned with recovery and reconstruction efforts , and not concerned with humanitarian relief , as such .
The World Bank is , well , a bank , and , when the time comes , its role will be to ensure the availability of money and resources for the affected parts of Haiti to rebuild .
The focus of our mission in the interim was going to be towards facilitating technical collaboration between the various domestic and international agencies that would be involved in the immediate damage assessment .
Also , we were to try to provide technical facilitation for the upcoming inter-agency Post - Disaster Needs Assessment , which , stripped to essentials , would be a gigantic grant proposal to the international community for Haiti 's eventual reconstruction .
Finally , to the greatest extent possible , we would try to develop plans with domestic agencies for helping them build technical capacity , to allow them to take on as much of the work as possible themselves .
The particular meeting for which we were , at this point , horribly late was with a representative from CIAT , le Commission Inter - ministeriale por l'Amanagement du Territoire , or the Inter - ministerial Land Management Commission , a reasonably new government coordination body with a suddenly very difficult road ahead .
I 'll spare a detailed description of the scenery along the drive to the meeting , because others have done more justice elsewhere than I can possibly .
Put simply , a third of Port - au - Prince was rubble ; there were tent villages basically everywhere ; and the mass of people , heavy construction vehicles , and military vehicles in the streets made for a nightmare of traffic .
Meanwhile , Erdem absolutely talked our ears off about the World Bank 's efforts to coordinate the development of recovery plans for Haiti .
" You 're very enthusiastic about the recovery work , " I observed .
" I lost about thirty or maybe forty people that I knew in the quake , " Erdem said , " That night , I was at the CNIGS office , helping to dig out two friends of mine with my bare hands , in the dark , and we got them out , but I heard later that one of them died .
Yes , I 'm enthusiastic . "
The situation with CNIGS , the Haitian national mapping agency , was worse than I had originally understood .
The senior staff of the agency was having a management meeting , when suddenly the building fell on them .
They just happened to have had a computer lab set up across three trailers outside the building , in anticipation of a move to a new building financed by the European Commission -- now on hold indefinitely , since the quake -- otherwise , they'd have had absolutely nothing left for the remaining staff of 38 people to work with at all .
One of our main objectives was going to be to solicit a detailed needs assessment from the members of CNIGS , and try to get the World Bank to find donors to get them them back on their feet and integrated with the recovery effort .
We finally arrived at our meeting with CIAT , and , after meeting a bewildering array of individuals , we sat down to talk with one of the commission 's directors .
I regret to confess that I remember almost nothing about our very first meeting in Port - au - Prince for the following two reasons :
First off , Tom and I had by this point been on the move for about eight hours , having skipped breakfast , and having had nothing for lunch , beyond a couple Clif bars and a handful of dried fruit .
Second , and more importantly , the entire meeting was conducted in French .
Oh , sure , I studied French in high school , and then took three semesters in college .
I could get around Paris and Brussels and Lausanne and generally make myself understood , but it had n't seriously occurred to me until then that this would be nothing compared to following , much less actively participating in , a technically detailed and very cautiously diplomatic discussion about the ways and means of land use planning in post - disaster economic recovery .
I think between that , and a serious desire for a five - course lunch , I picked up about every sixth word .
I felt like such an American .
God bless
Tom , because , American or no , he had just then proved worth his weight in gold :
On top of all of his other skills , Tom was not only following this interminably long and probably utterly necessary meeting , but he was also actively participating .
Where , in Santo Domingo , my weakly superior Spanish had got us around town and negotiated successfully with taxi drivers and so on , Tom 's facility with the French language was going to save our mission in Port - au - Prince .
I leaned back and rested my aching head on the wall behind me .
I could tell it was going to be a long couple of weeks .
Fri , 12 Feb 2010 [ 02:20 ]
Stuck Inside of Santo Domingo ( With the Haiti Blues Again ) Wednesday was a comedy of errors .
Not a tragedy , a comedy ; but one of errors , all the same .
The night before , just as I was arriving at the lovely Hotel Barceló Lina in Santo Domingo , I got an email from my mission partner , Tom Buckley , who was supposed to be leaving around then from DC .
The email said , simply , " I 'm waiting on a flight from Pittsburgh to Miami . "
Wait , Pittsburgh ?
I fell asleep and woke up to an email from Tom , sent at around 10 pm , saying " I do n't think I 'm going to make it tonight .... " and , then , finally , one last email , sent at 1 am , saying " I 'm here at the hotel , see you in the morning . "
* blink * I let Tom sleep until about 9:30 am , and then called his room to rouse him , so that we could head down to the World Bank office and find out how the heck we were supposed to get to Haiti , exactly .
We met in the lobby .
Tom had evidently packed very carefully , because he only had a single , smallish backpack .
I was impressed .
" The airlines lost my luggage , " he said simply .
What had happened was this :
As yet another massive snowstorm was bearing down on Washington on Tuesday night , and DCA was on point of closing , Tom had plead with the American Airlines staff to put him on any damn flight where they could find him a seat , anything , just to give him the proverbial snowball 's chance to making it to Santo Domingo by dawn .
Pittsburgh was evidently the best they could manage , so Tom flew from Washington to Pittsburgh , changed airlines for a flight to Miami , and arrived 15 minutes too late to make his connection to the DR -- except that , for whatever reason , the Miami - Santo Domingo flight was delayed by exactly that much .
Tom ran for the flight , and made it to the DR by the skin of his teeth .
His luggage , however , was another story .
One bright spot was that Tom had fetched us from Washington two shiny new Blackberry Storm 9700s , complete with SIMs and tethered data plans , courtesy of the World Bank .
When Tom handed me the Blackberry , it felt like Arthur and the Lady of the Lake , or maybe more like Super Mario and the mushroom .
By the power of Greyskull !
( sound of trumpets )
We skipped breakfast and went straight to the World Bank office , where we arrived basically unannounced .
We had neglected to get a specific contact there , so when we turned up , there was a bit of confusion on the part of the staff over who exactly were these hippie backpackers cluttering up their office entrance .
Fortunately , we finally thought to recite the magic words " We 're here on a mission " -- not wholly unlike the Blues Brothers ' mantra -- and the receptionist , who was unfailingly sweet and helpful , directed us to Cairo Arevalo Arias , a Guatemalan Nicaraguan saint ( sorry , Cairo ) , and also the Bank 's logistics specialist in SD .
I can fairly say that , without Cairo , we probably would never have made it to Haiti .
" We have you booked on the UN flight to Port - au - Prince at 10 am tomorrow morning , " Cairo said , which was a mixed blessing .
Up until that point , we'd had no idea if we'd have to take an eight hour bus , or walk , or what .
I was impatient to get there and get to work -- but Tom was n't going to fare very well without his equally meticulously packed luggage , and , what 's more , he still had n't gotten any immunization shots , because of the weather in DC .
" We do n't provide immunizations in Santo Domingo , " Cairo said , and then added , " But we can call some clinics and see if they can help you today . "
" If we 're leaving tomorrow , where can we stay tonight ? " I asked .
" Do n't you have a hotel room ? " he replied .
" Uh , no .
We were only booked into the Barceló Lina for one night .
We were told we'd be leaving for Port - au - Prince today . "
" And all the hotels in Santo Domingo are booked , " Cairo said .
I could just imagine him reciting special Guatemalan Nicaraguan profanities in his head .
" Never mind , " he said , " We will work something out . "
Tom started phoning up American Airlines to harangue them about his missing luggage , a chore he embarked upon at regular intervals during the day .
Truth be told , I was grateful for a day spent in a clean , air - conditioned office with power and a perfectly good network .
Around mid-day , Cairo informed us that he was headed out to lunch .
I asked if he minded if we might join him , partly for the company , and partly to pump him for information about the situation on the ground in Haiti , because Tom and I still knew basically nothing .
Cairo replied that he was having lunch with a friend .
Oh ?
We did n't want to impose .
No , no , he did n't mind .
It turned out that his lunch date destination was that bastion of traditional Dominican cuisine , Taco Bell .
This was actually fine by us , because it represented some notional last shred of predictability , before we flung ourselves into the slavering jaws of an unknown fate .
It also turned out that the lunch date itself was with a very soft - spoken young woman who smiled a lot and spoke absolutely no English , and she was very very nice about us hijacking her lunch date to talk about the situation in Port - au - Prince .
God bless him , Cairo did manage to find us rooms at the Hotel Embajador , and even escorted us to the clinic , where the brash New York Dominican doctor refused to give either of us more than two shots that day , for reasons of safety , which was funny to me , because the doctor I saw in New York did n't seem nearly as conscientious .
The doctor 's assistant gave Tom vaccinations for Hepatitis B and for seasonal influenza .
She made me watch , because , given that there 'd be no time to return the following morning , I was going to have to be the one to administer his Hep A shot .
Worse yet , the vaccine had to be kept refrigerated somehow .
The doctor also promised us antibiotics for traveller 's diarrhea , which we almost left the clinic without , and malaria meds for Tom , which we did leave the clinic without .
Blessedly , Tom 's luggage turned up , and was delivered to the office just before we left for the hotel .
Of course , when we did leave the office for the hotel , we also left the Hep A vaccine in the fridge .
Mind you , I 've left out about half of the petty dramas we encountered over the course of the day , and I mostly relate this inane narrative to give the flavor of what we were experiencing .
Please do n't get me wrong , if I could fill out a customer service card for the World Bank staff in Santo Domingo ( and Cairo , in particular ) I would rate them 5 stars in every category .
Still , given all the chaos , I 'd had the distinct and unerring feeling that no one had ever before tried to do what we were attempting , as if aid workers had n't been streaming through Santo Domingo all month .
I guess Tom had been sort of thinking along similar lines .
Earlier , on the way back from the clinic , he 'd asked Cairo very pointedly , " What were the logistics like here in Santo Domingo immediately after the earthquake in Haiti ? "
" Very confusing , " said Cairo , " Very confusing . "
" I can well imagine , " I said absentmindedly , and then immediately regretted it .
" No , " Cairo said flatly , " You can 't . "
Wed , 10 Feb 2010 [ 08:43 ]
On walking into a disaster zone Since mid-January , we 've seen a whole set of interlocking technical communities swung into gear to piece together geographic information to help relief efforts after the earthquake in Haiti : OpenStreetMap , Ushahidi , CrisisMappers , and so on .
The most amazing thing to me about this global response to the disaster is the degree to which volunteers have been able to make a significant impact on the relief situation while sitting at their own desks , thousands of miles away .
OpenStreetMap , particularly , has been a model of distributed collaboration , with basically no one calling the shots , while a thousand people painstakingly build a map database of Haiti drawn from aerial and satellite imagery that 's so detailed that the Ushahidi volunteers have to ask for a simpler version .
So , given how much so many have accomplished without even being there , I was a little surprised when Andrew Turner pinged me on Monday 1 February , to asked if I was willing to go to Haiti on Wednesday .
The World Bank was looking for technical GIS professionals , ideally French - speaking , to go and advise the government , he said , and he 'd recommended me for the mission .
Really ?
Thanks .
I can sort of speak French .
Sure , why not ?
Actually , my girlfriend and my family had quite a few pretty good reasons why not .
You 're walking into a disaster zone .
Where are you staying ?
What will you do ?
How will you get food and water ?
Will you be safe ?
You might get hurt .
You might go mad .
You might regret going .
Are you kidding ?
This is a chance to serve , on the ground , in a humanitarian relief mission .
I can't not go .
May
God bless all my loved ones ; when they saw I was determined to go , they became nothing but supportive .
The thing was , it was n't clear at all that I would in fact be going to Haiti .
Wednesday came and went with no particular answers to any of my questions .
Poor Andrew must have fielded several emails , IMs , and calls from me over those couple days , pressing him urgently for the slightest detail .
Finally , on Thursday , I got a call from Stuart Gill , Andrew 's contact at the World Bank .
The Centre National de l'Information Géo-Spatiale , or CNIGS , Stuart explained , is Haiti 's national mapping bureau .
They have a staff of about 30 - 40 people , and an office that emerged relatively unscathed .
Unfortunately , their senior management perished in the disaster , and , due to budget constraints , much of the geographic data they have to work with dates back six or eight years .
I would go to Port - au - Prince with Tom Buckley , a colleague of Andrew's , bringing with us a portable hard drive prepared by Andrew et al. containing a terabyte of up - to - date geographic data .
Tom and I would visit the CNIGS in Port - au - Prince , and find out what they needed in order to best serve the other government ministries in the process of relief and reconstruction .
Meanwhile , we would provide whatever technical services the World Bank staff in Port - au - Prince might happen to need .
The Bank would provide us with mobile phones with tethering capability for network access .
We would come to the Bank 's office in DC on Monday 9 February for a briefing and immunization shots , and then we'd fly to the Dominican Republic first thing Tuesday .
" You should be aware of the situation you 're walking into , " Stuart said , " Another earthquake could happen , and we might not be able to get you out right away .
After the first earthquake , our building was destroyed , and the staff wound up camping on the lawn for two days without food or water . "
Right , got it .
Later that day , Stuart sent a cryptically brief email : Bring a tent , if you can .
Oh , man .
Meanwhile , I somewhat optimistically went shopping .
How do you pack to visit a disaster area ?
I figured , God help me , it had to be like packing for a camping trip .
Shelter , bedding , clothes , food , water , first aid and meds .
Everything has to be packed in a way that it can be carried a longish walking distance .
My father talked me out of trying to bring enough MREs for two weeks ; bring just enough food to get you home , he insisted , in case you have to leave in a hurry .
Lauren talked me into bringing an air mattress .
I balked at the weight , but she rightly pointed out that the pain of carrying it was going to be nothing compared to the pain of sleeping on or near the ground for two weeks .
Meanwhile , I started to suffer pangs of guilt over buying , say , new hiking shoes , while people in Port - au - Prince were scrambling to find food , but what was I to do ?
If I did n't come properly outfitted , I was n't going to be of any use to anyone .
My packing list wound up looking more or less like this : A shoulder bag , never to leave said shoulder , per Lauren 's suggestion , containing : notebook
2 pens
passport
cash and a credit card
prescription meds
clip - on sunglasses
iodine tablets ( for water purification )
insect repellant ( carry - on size )
hand sanitizer ( ditto )
sunblock ( ditto )
toothpaste ( ditto )
toothbrush
dental floss
earplugs
eyeshade
2 USB flash drives
USB Bluetooth adapter
mini - to - USB cable
Acer Aspire One netbook
power adapter for same
earbud headphones
mobile phone and / or GPS
the most recent issue of the Economist Attached to the outside of the shoulder bag : Canon PowerShot digital camera ( in pouch )
1 liter steel water bottle
LED headlamp
travel pillow A large duffle bag , containing : 4 light button - down shirts
4 pair trousers
4 pair undergarments , top and bottom
4 pair lightweight hiking socks
sun hat
camp towel
wash cloth
additional pillow case ( to stuff with clothing , basically )
Garmin Geko 301 GPS receiver
Canon PowerShot battery charger
backup LED flashlight
4 MREs
24 Clif bars ( for managing hypoglycemia )
4 packs of Orbit chewing gum
" 2 person " tent
air mattress
battery powered pump ( I wanted a foot pump , but they weigh basically the same )
The duffle bag also contains a toiletry bag which contains : plastic case containing bandages and disinfectant wipes
three tubes of generic Airborne .
Emergen - C would work too .
backup prescription meds
backup toothpaste
backup sunscreen
neosporin
ibuprofen
claritin
immodium
bar of Dr. Bronner 's peppermint soap in plastic case
1/2 oz . tube of deodorant stick Surprisingly enough , the whole thing weighs maybe 40 pounds .
The shoulder bag is small and convenient and I almost do n't notice carrying it , even with the netbook in .
Props go to Lauren , for talking me out of trying to pack everything , including the tent , into the duffle ; and to my housemate , Cristina , for letting me borrow her large duffle bag , when it transpired that mine had a gigantic hole in the bottom .
While all this was happening , disaster nearly struck , not in Haiti , but in Washington , DC , which got hit by two plus feet of snow on Friday , shutting down the World Bank , just as Stuart and his colleagues were supposed to be making the final administrative arrangements to send us out .
Suddenly , all was thrown into chaos .
On Monday morning , the Bank 's offices were still closed , and Stuart called to say that the earliest they could send us out was Thursday .
Then , a couple of hours later , an email saying " Nevermind , we 'll just fly you directly to Santo Domingo tomorrow morning , find a travel clinic and get your shots . "
So I ran out and got jabs for typhoid , hepatitis A & B , and , just for good measure , H1N1 , along with prescriptions for Cipro and for Malarone , a malaria preventative that apparently does not induce psychosis .
Wonderful .
Meanwhile , a travel agent called to say I 'd be flying out of JFK the following morning .
I almost could n't sleep that night .
I kept thinking about Alan Shepard in The Right Stuff , waiting in the capsule on top of the Atlas missile , saying to himself " Dear God , please do n't let me fuck up ... "
The flight to Santo Domingo itself was painless .
The Bank put us up in the Barceló Lina , a very nice hotel in the middle of town ; nice of them , I suppose , to offer a little bit of comfort before sending us into a disaster zone .
A cab ride ride from the airport costs $ 40 and takes almost an hour .
The cab driver asked me what I was doing in the Dominican Republic , and when I told him , he said ( and I paraphrase ) , " Ay , la Republica Dominicana tiene la buena suerte ; Haiti tiene la suerte muy muy mala . "
Indeed .
Thu , 05 Nov 2009 [ 01:27 ]
On Winning the Dot -Com Lottery I 'm going to preface this post by saying that I 'm sure that wiser heads than I somewhere out there on the Internets have already said everything I 'm going to say , and in greater depth than I could hope to say it .
If you feel more comfortable doing so , please read this essay as satire .
I want to talk about winning the Dot -Com Lottery .
I call it a lottery because there 's a strong component of luck , but the reward can be substantial .
It 's just like having your garage band sign a multimillion dollar contract with a major record label .
Lots of people play guitar with a dream in their heart , but not many people get rich doing it .
The point in trying to win valuable cash prizes in the Dot - Com Lottery is to be able to spend your time ( before and after ) pursuing your passions , whatever they are .
I know someone who has a technology business which makes a product that they sell at a modest profit .
Someday he might sell the company and retire .
That 's the time - honored way to build a business , and it's not what I 'm talking about .
I 'm talking about all the friends and acquaintances of mine who 've cashed in on tech startups built around their passions over the years , and the basic ingredients I see in each of their stories .
The difference between the Dot -Com Lottery and the kind of lottery that supports senior citizens is that not every ticket has the same chance of winning .
You can improve your odds .
The following points are what I see as the five sine qua non for getting the best chance of buying a winning ticket .
1 . You need to be smart .
Hell , why hedge this point :
You have to be a genius , along with everyone else on your core team .
Everyone I 've ever known who 's launched and sold a tech startup has been among the smartest or , at least , savviest people I know .
You already know who I mean .
2 . You need to have a product idea that is too simple to fail .
You need to be smart enough to focus on a product idea that everyone wants ( even if they do n't know it yet ) , and you have to deliver it in such a clear and simple way that people can't not use it .
I think it 's hard for smart people to focus on a simple idea without dismissing it as trivial , but the elevator pitch for every big tech startup I can think of is n't even an elevator pitch , it 's a noun phrase .
Moreover , it 's almost always a noun phrase composed of words of two syllables or less .
These days the phrase starts with " a place to share _____ " .
Examples : Flickr is " a place to share your photos "
Delicious is " a place to share your bookmarks "
Dopplr is " a place to share your travel plans "
Twitter is " a place to share your status "
Other examples are left as an exercise for the reader . ;-)
Also , not only does your product have to be simple , but your delivery has to be as flawless as possible .
Every time you add a button or a link to a web page , you increase the chances that people are n't going to use the thing .
Witness , for example , the clean original designs of Delicious and Flickr and Dopplr and Twitter .
You 'll note that I have n't asserted that an acquireable startup actually needs a viable business model at any point .
You do n't .
You do need what Kellan calls a " revenue story , " which is about how your VCs or your prospective corporate overlords * might * make money on your service , if they want to go to all the bother .
This is one place where your compellingly MBA - like co-founder will be of substantial service ( of which more later ) .
3 . You need to be 100 % passionate about your product .
You need to be building something you want .
Your team not only has to build it , but they must also be its most avid users .
In Free Software , we call this " scratching your own itch . "
However , you do have to pace yourself .
Launching any successful startup is a marathon , not a sprint .
You need to work hard and be patient .
Expect it to take 2 - 3 years before it 's even worth worrying about why you have n't hit the knee of your uptake curve yet .
The deal is that part of what defines most alpha geeks is that they are early adopters , i.e , intellectual sprinters .
It 's all too easy to lead oneself up the garden path , or to burn out fast .
Kellan pointed out to me that most successful tech companies have at least one really disciplined person who can play the hard - ass .
This individual can be either a geek - minded MBA , or an MBA - minded geek .
It can be tough for an alpha geek to willingly subject themselves to this kind of stubborn catherding , but somebody has to keep the geeks on track .
Maybe your geeks will get bored anyway .
Maybe your product idea will turn out to be crap .
You can change tack somewhat before your funding runs out ( e.g. Odeo and Twitter , or Dopplr 's social atlas feature ) , but all five of these theses apply doubly at that point .
4 . You need to know the right people .
Again , this seems tautological , because nearly every startup has to get seed funding from somewhere , but knowing or finding a few good VCs is a condition that a logician might refer to as " necessary but not sufficient . "
When a bunch of alpha geeks launch a technology product , by definition , their peers among the tech innovators and early adopters will be the first to try it out .
If these folks continue using the site or product long enough for the leading edge of the mainstream to take note , then you 're starting to look like acquisition material .
( If you do n't get or choose not to sell before then , you 're going to wind up having to issue an IPO , or resign yourself to finding a real profit model .
I 'm looking at you , Facebook .
You too , Twitter . )
That means you must evangelize ( in a respectful and non-irritating way ) the hell out of your product to everyone you know , and be really attentive to your first couple thousand users , who will hopefully be all of your friends and colleagues .
You want them to feel as enthusiastic as you do for your product .
If you 're really lucky , your new converts will happen to be way over on the left side of the power - law curve of influential technologists , possibly because they were already the people you knew to begin with .
While you 're doing this , you also need to solicit the opinions and advice of said first couple or ten thousand users ( in a respectful , non-irritating way ) constantly , and , more to the point , you need to act on their feedback as quickly as you possibly can .
You may become fortunate enough to create a ( dare I say it ) feedback loop that will give your users a sense of participation and engagement * and * provide them with an increasingly valuable product .
That 's what will keep them coming back long enough to draw in the early majority , and , hopefully , behind them the mainstream .
5 . You have to be really , really lucky .
A lot of the luck comes in being early to market , but not too early to market .
Launching a service two years too soon can be as fatal as launching it two years too late .
All the same , if you 're not first to market , you can still win * if * you do score on all other points .
Remember , this is a lottery we 're talking about , but not every ticket has the same chances of winning .
As Benjamin Franklin , that patron saint of tech innovators , once observed , " God helps those who help themselves . "
A few weeks ago , when this essay started coalescing in my mind , I was planning to review startups past and present , and predict that Dopplr was next in line for a big corporate acquisition , because they seemed to be the closest of any startup I know to having all five of these points down .
Today , uttering this prognostication seems slightly less prescient than it did the week before last .
But I 'll go out on the next limb and bet on Foursquare , probably around late 2011 or early 2012 . :)
Wed , 11 Feb 2009 [ 11:53 ]
Blatant Self - Promotion
Hi , folks !
Long time no see !
For those of you not already in the know , I 'm living in Brooklyn , my ancestral homeland , and heading up a small software consultancy with a handful of part - timeengineers and an office out in East Williamsburg .
More on that later , perhaps .
In the meantime , however , we 're in between contracts , and I 'm looking to pick up a bit of short - term work pronto to tide me over .
My CV is here , of course .
Right now , I 'm keen to work on just about anything that does n't need a user interface , but I do n't have to be too picky about that .
Have a mad idea that needs implementing or need help with something ongoing ?
Email me !
Sun , 15 Oct 2006 [ 23:51 ]
The Wall in the Head Having done almost no practical research ahead of time , I got off the train at the Berlin Hauptbahnhof , having been assured by an Irish person on her way to a Pearl Jam concert in town that night ( really ) that it was right in the center of town , and for certain there would be hostels and the like right nearby .
So naturally I find my way out of the train station , smack into ... a vast expanse of apparently nothing : huge parking lots on all sides , the river Spree , the lights of buildings twinkling in the distance .
Screw this , I thought , and showing a cabbie a list of places recommended to me in Brussels by a very nice lady from the Open Usability Project , politely asked him to take me to the nearest locale that had a hostel nearby , which turned out to be a district called Kreuzberg .
So far so good , except that on the particular weekend I chose to visit Berlin , the city was geared up to play host to both the annual Berlin Marathon ( where , according to Wikipedia , the world 's record in men 's marathon times was established in 2003 on account of the city being so flat ) and also Popkomm , Germany 's leading annual music industry conference and tradeshow , which had recently moved from Cologne .
The upshot of all which was , of course , that the pair of adjacent hostels that the cabbie very solicitously delivered me to , and indeed every hostel or other moderately priced place of lodging within cycling distance of Kreuzberg , was altogether booked up solid for the weekend , a fact which I ascertained only as part of a more elaborate process that ultimately involved throwing down several euro coins in an attempt to learn precisely how German payphones are meant to function , while the bartender in the bar next door , a trustworthy seeming chap , kept an eye on my stuff .
The only other plans I had made for the entire weekend involved an invitation by Jan , a mutual friend of Mako's whom I 'd previously met on the media arts circuit in Milan , to attend some dodgy - seeming music performance art thing that evening .
By this point it was nearly 2300 , and having resolved to find the gaff containing this musical whatnot forthwith and thereby cast my fate to the winds , you may imagine then , the not - insignificant relief I experienced on checking my email to discover that Jan had not only provided a link to the concert event in question , but had also graciously held forth the use of his spare bedroom in the event that I elected not to stay in a hostel , mirabile dictu .
The barkeep proffered a tourist map , and , on offering directions to the club in Alexanderplatz , laconically recommended I cycle up Wilhelmstraße .
" It is historic , " he opined , a bit of commentary that eluded me and subsequently passed out of mind completely , until after a kilometer or so , I found myself suddenly and without warning at none other than Checkpoint Charlie itself .
There is little to see there today , beyond the guardhouse , some heaped sandbags , the notorious " You are leaving the American sector " advisory ( a replica ; the original is kept in the museum down the block ) , and a pillar supporting a large lighted sign bearing a photo of a fresh - faced young man in a Red Army dress uniform , the very image of the stalwart defense of Communism itself , staring coolly over the border into imperialist West Berlin .
On the reverse of the sign , his brave , freedom - defending American counterpart is depicted gazing confidently towards godless East Berlin .
Across the street sits a building with the legend Tschechisches Zentrum , under which it reads , in English , and with tongue firmly planted in cheek -- what else ? -- " Czech Point " .
It was right around here that a couple with with distinctly German accents stopped to me ask me directions to Unter den Linden .
Alexanderplatz was n't much further , and , asking some disaffected local youth to confirm my understanding of the club 's website -- Babelfish 's rendition thereof having been actually less comprehensible in English than the original German -- I determined that the club was , in fact , inexplicably above the McDonalds , at which point I became thoroughly perplexed and wasted a couple more euros trying to use a payphone to call Jan , who finally came down and fetched me .
The club was tiny and weirdly laid out , but homey in that European media artist dive sort of way , with refrigerators behind the bar that apparently proclaimed their contents with the scrolling LED marquees which I have come to suspect the Germans harbor a secret weakness for , but the beer was cheap and so Jan and I got caught up while the first act set up .
The act , a woman variously known as " marzipan marzipan " , " Zelda Pound " , or simply " zelda panda " , played guitar and sang over tape loops , which had the potential to be terrible but was ultimately so winsome that I approached her afterwards and purchased a CD , one that turned out to have been recorded live at WFMU in , of all places , Newark , New Jersey .
By the time she was done , we had gotten progressively drunker , having struck up a conversation with an American expat freelance journalist who bore a shocking resemblance to my old housemate gweeds , and his svelte Danish girlfriend , a marketroid of some description in town from Copenhagen for the weekend , who suggested we switch to vodka shots .
I still find it odd to hear American accents on strangers in European cities .
The second act opened with a man in reflective gold mylar tutu playing the Imperial March from Star Wars in a slow swing on the trumpet , which was followed by two women in matching gold mylar tutus singing and chanting over , you guessed it , tape loops , while they made with various antics of a theatrical nature , singing odes to glowstick stars and popping latex balloons with their high heels and so on .
At one point one of them attached a helium balloon bearing a headshot of Sigmund Freud to the back of her head , and then , turning her back to the audience , proceeded to wrap her arms around herself and writhe about as if making out ( with Sigmund Freud ? ) while the other chanted something into the microphone which Jan could not quite translate for me , but which he assured me was quite humorous .
Imagine , if you will , Yoko Ono reincarnated as a pair of German woman in gold mylar tutus , one short and blonde , and the other lanky and brunette , and you have something of the essential gist .
After this , we were pretty sozzled , and opted to abscond chez Jan , which turned out to be right around the corner , on the eleventh floor of a huge apartment building that he hypothesized must have once been intended exclusively for prominent Party apparatchiks , given its size and location right smack in the center of town .
The place was enormous , and probably quite inexpensive , and complete with a terrific view of Alexanderplatz and the disco ball tower behind , still prominently showing a bit of World Cup propaganda .
I tried to imagine the throngs that gathered in the square immediately below on the days before the Wall fell .
Then the vodka asserted itself , and unconsciousness followed .
The following morning was magnificently sunny and clear , and after breakfast I set off to see the city by bicycle , cycling around Friedrichshain , up the hill and through the lovely green Volkspark , across Prenzlauer Berg , and down the hill along tree - lined Kollwitzstraße , past the pubs and cafés .
From there I found myself in Hackescher Markt , crammed full of tourists and fashionable restaurants -- and also , on this particular afternoon , throngs of former marathon runners , flushed with accomplishment and gamely limping down the street , sporting small medals on ribbons around the neck .
While pushing my bicycle through the market square , I suddenly found myself inexplicably purchasing from an elderly street vendor two Soviet - era enamel pins for a euro each .
One pin appears to read " Зенш " , or ZENSH in Cyrillic , which , after a bit of Google grepping by Maciej , turns out to be the acronym for a Soviet correspondence school , while the other depicts a castle turret above the word " Rīga " .
Then I cycled along the Spree for a while , past the Hauptbahnhof ( again ! ) , and on into Alt - Moabit , before turning sharply south to catch the western edge of Tiergarten .
My favorite parts of Berlin were the green spaces , and the city is certainly blessed with them .
Tiergarten itself is Berlin 's crown jewel , her answer to Central Park ( which turns out to be a totally absurd thing to say , given that Tiergarten apparently predates the latter by 300 years as a hunting preserve , and by at least 100 years as a public park , although the flora is much newer than that , having been turned to firewood by the end of the war and replanted only subsequently ) .
The Straße de 17 Juni -- so named to commemorate the violent suppression of an x East German workers ' uprising on that date in 1953 -- stretches away towards the Siegessäule , a two hundred foot ( 66 m ) high pillar , topped with a golden angel , bearing news of the Prussian military victories over the Danish and the Austrians and the French in the 1860s and ' 70s .
One can climb the spiral staircase right up to the base of the statue , but I elected to press on , winding through the park 's foot paths , and up John - Foster - Dulles - Allee ( no joke ) past where the medics and street vendors were still breaking down in the aftermath of the marathon , to the Reichstag itself , catching a glimpse of tiny figures walking up and down the spiral ramp in the dome atop the building .
Dem Deutschen Volke , the legend emblazoned above the building 's entrance reads , the German People .
I pedalled around the Reichstag , trying to encompass in my head all the fuss that had started in that building , tried to imagine it on fire from arson purportedly started by a purportedly deranged Dutch communist ( or so he confessed under state torture ) , tried to imagine it half in ruins from Soviet bombardment .
I could n't grasp either one , so I continued along , down past Pariser Platz and the majestic Brandenburg Gate , the city 's first foray into neoclassical architecture in the early 19th century , whose winged goddess had her olive wreath exchanged for an iron cross in the '30s , the same gate that later became an iconic symbol of the city 's division .
" While Brandenburg Gate remains closed , " then - Mayor Richard Freiherr von Weisäcker once said , " the German question remains open . "
The Brandenburger Tor , as it happens , also appears on the obverse of the middle denominations of German euro coins , prefiguring the gates and bridges of the superstate 's paper currency ( as the gate originally appeared on the Deutschemark ) .
Between Pariser Platz and Potsdamer Platz , I found the city 's Holocaust monument , which left me with mixed feelings .
On one hand , the rows upon rows of identically mute granite blocks , arrayed like tombstones , echo the anonymity and sheer horrific numbers of the victims of the Nazi regime .
The pathways into the memorial descend downwards until the smooth granite blocks loom labrinthine overhead .
The effect draws one in ; it is somber , reflective .
What 's more , it 's right in the middle of everything , across the street from from the Tiergarten , right down the street from the Brandenburger Tor and the Reichstag .
No attempt has been made to hide this memorial , or to place it somewhere where it need not be seen or recalled .
Yet , on the other hand , the monument conveys nothing of the actual facts of the Holocaust , of its brutal inhumanity and all - too - real terrors ; it is disconnected in every way but conceptually from the suffering it memorializes -- although I suppose that to do otherwise might present very thorny problems for any such public monument .
Nor did I see any plaque or other signage informing the visitor of the purpose of the memorial , although I did n't look too hard for such .
At least , I suppose , it is there ; that is a start .
Berlin seems quite unlike most other European capitals I 've been to in that it has quite broad streets throughout its center , and none of the close set buildings and narrow alleyways that one finds in Amsterdam or Brussels or London .
The best account for this I heard was that the city was from the cabbie who took me to Kreuzberg , that the Berlin was originally several different cities , which amalgamated over time , leaving it without a distinct center , but given that urban habitation there dates back to the 12th century , I wonder also to what degree Berlin 's seeming newness is a function of the destruction wrought by the war and the postwar partition .
Nowhere is this idea of Berlin as a city permanently in transformation more evident than at Potsdamer Platz , the erstwhile crossroads of Berlin , which , in the Golden Twenties , was home to Europe 's first ever set of traffic lights , by virtue of how much traffic then passed through its main intersection .
At that time , Potsdamer Platz was the throbbing heart of Berlin 's famously decadent night life .
By 1945 , however , Potsdamer Platz was naught but a smoking ruin , and , by 1965 , although the rubble had been cleared , only the Berlin Wall had sprung up to replace what had stood there previously -- actually , two walls , one right on the border , and another a couple hundred feet inside East Berlin , with a " death zone " between them -- the space left wide open and empty , to afford a maximum field of view for the East German border guards , who were given orders to shoot to kill .
Today 's Potsdamer Platz , by contrast , is a cluster of gleaming high rise office buildings , a veritable slice of downtown Manhattan or London 's Canary Wharf , a willful eradication of any remaining sign of the locale 's on - again - off - again past , excepting solely a twenty foot long section of the Wall left standing near the entrance to the U - Bahn station , with a number of signs detailing the Wall 's history .
Even this minor concession is curiously inauthentic , as the eastern side of the Wall never had so much as a lick of graffiti on it , clear up to that famous day in 1989 .
On the particular sunny afternoon that I cycled up to examine said section of fossilized wall with interest , an obviously informal brass band on the other side of the wall immediately commenced blatting out a rather faithful rendition of the musical theme from Flashdance .
What a feeling , indeed .
Thus it seems , however , to be with Berlin 's relation to its mixed past :
What little is left of the Wall only stands still in a few places , in Potsdamer Platz , and across the Spree over in Friedrichshain , where the East Side Gallery has turned a long section into an international art display .
Elsewhere , the wall has been forgotten completely , or is marked only by a double row of paving stones running down and sometimes cutting across the street or sidewalk .
In some places , a very small and unobstrusive sign or pair of signs atop a street sign post advertises the path of the Berlin Mauerweg ( you guessed it , the Berlin Wall Way ) to the seeker of history .
The following morning , I went back to Checkpoint Charlie , inspected the outdoor museum exhibit by daylight , and imagined myself standing on the very spot where a company of Soviet tanks squared off against a company of American tanks on a wet October evening in 1961 , and almost started World War III .
Later on I traced a bit of the path of the Wall between Kreuzberg and Mitte , and found a fascinating abandoned corner of Berlin along Sebastianstraße near Moritzplatz , with a long - disused auditorium building inside what must have been the death zone , the death zone itself now partially squatted by immigrants in modular housing , partially turned back into a sort of involuntary park , with locals walking their dogs in the evening twilight along elephant paths carved into the overgrowth .
There is talk in the tourist exhibits of making a green belt that runs the entire historical circuit of the Wall , but it is plain to me that this is the aim of a small minority of Berliners interested in historical conservation .
The green belt itself is already an impossibility in places like Potsdamer Platz , where giddy capitalist land development has already proceeded apace .
On one hand , I thoroughly empathize with what I perceive to be the desire of the majority of Berliners for apparently wanting to block out the unpleasant truths of the past , as probably would anyone who has been through a traumatic phase , and wants to get back to the business of normal and even happy life .
At the same time , the war and its 45 year aftermath are now an inescapable part of the fabric of the city , and it seems to me that this time deserves to be honored and understood for what it was , if nothing else as a lesson and a sign to civilization about what can happen when compassion and reason are subjugated to dogma and doctrine .
Germany 's participation in the European experiment -- and the very shape of contemporary Berlin itself -- demonstrate that , if we but heed history , the past can be amended , and the antagonists of old can become the collaborators of tomorrow .
But who wants to live in a history lesson ?
And , in spite of Berliners ' efforts to forget , or at least leave behind the past , the past has not left them behind .
Although the city has reintegrated itself to the point where an untutored tourist like me can't tell the difference between East and West Berlin on sight ( but for the odd double line of cobblestones ) , Jan tells me that the distinction between the two is visually apparent to any German .
What 's more , I 'm told that Germans occasionally make reference to the Mauer im Kopf -- the Wall in the Head -- which still psychologically divides East Germans from West Germans , springing up in between a generation through the accident of the two hundred feet of death zone between growing up communist and growing up capitalist .
I have n't yet fully figured out what this means , and , maybe , being a foreigner , I never will .
And maybe one day soon it will cease to matter -- or as Europe grows and reconfigures in the same way that Berlin has had to , it will come to matter more .
Still , I see a lot of promise for the city 's future , perhaps ironically for the fact that a large part of ( East ) Berlin was totally spared the breakneck redevelopment that has seized a lot of major Western cities over the last twenty five years , cities like New York and London and San Francisco and ( so I 'm told ) Barcelona .
In most places in Boston , as Jo once complained of , real estate prices have become fixed so high that there is no room for cultural experimentation left in the margins .
This difference came to my attention on my last night in Berlin , when Jan and I first visited c-base ( described as " the oldest crashed space - station on earth " ) too late in the evening to find anyone from Freifunk , and then ambled down to a riverside " beach bar , " the likes of which seem to be quite the rage in Berlin , complete with a tiki bar and fire pits and wooden beach chairs and volleyball nets and , of course , sand , which someone must have carted in by the ton at some point .
We sat down in the sand there and drank beers and talked about peer - to - peer networking protocols for exchanging geodata and mused on the lack of good Open Source video editors , and at some point I realized , holy crap , there is no longer anywhere in Manhattan or London or Boston that could support a place like this , there is n't room , and the rents would be too high .
I said as much to Jan and he lamented the degree to which this is no longer true even in Berlin , and how artists and the like were already starting to move from places like to Friedrichshain to districts slightly farther out , like Wedding .
And yet the kaleidescopic cultural possibilities still seem richer there than almost anywhere else I 've been in Europe ( which may not be saying all that much ) .
Ah , welthauptstadt Berlin !
O axis of Europe , Berlin !
Berlin of decadence and division !
Berlin , whose reunification points hopefully to the eventual reunification of peoples now separated from one another everywhere and for all time !
With grateful benedictions I departed , someday perhaps to gladly return .
Currently · Idibon · Humanitarian OSM Team Elsewhere · Twitter · Flickr · Github · LinkedIn Previously Before That [ 2010 ] Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec [ 2009 ] Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec [ 2006 ] Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec [ 2005 ] Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec [ 2004 ] Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec [ 2003 ] Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec [ 2002 ] Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec RSS feed ]
In order to curb investment frenzy , China mandates a lending freeze .
Chinese authorities are slamming the brakes on bank lending , in their latest attempt to curb the runaway investment threatening to overheat what is soon to be the world 's third - largest economy .
In recent weeks , regulators have quietly ordered China 's commercial banks to freeze lending through the end of the year , according to bankers in several cities .
The bankers say that to comply , they are canceling loans and credit lines with businesses and individuals .
Over the past few years , Chinese authorities have repeatedly sought to rein in investment in sectors such as property development , where they deemed it was becoming excessive .
But even in China a blanket edict to halt lending growth is unusual .
Tthe lending freeze shows how the slowing U.S. economy may be complicating Chinese policy making .
Lower interest rates in the U.S. give Beijing less room to push up rates without creating a ripple effect .
By raising rates further China could risk boosting the value of its currency , the yuan , too much for the comfort of its exporters , a critical part of the Chinese economy .
A stronger yuan would make Chinese exports less competitive in world markets .
Just last week , the government said fixed - asset investment in factories and property expanded nearly 27 % in the first 10 months of 2007 from a year earlier , one of the highest rates in recent years .
Credit Crunch Chinese Style
Yields on three - month deposits in China and Korea have plummeted to near 1 pc in a spectacular fall over recent days , caused by panic withdrawls from money market funds and credit derivatives .
" This is a severe warning sign , " said Hans Redeker , currency chief at BNP Paribas .
" Asia ignored the credit crunch in August but now we 're seeing the poison beginning to paralyse the whole global economy , " he said .
Jerry Lou , China analyst for Morgan Stanley , said the Shanghai bourse -- already down 15 pc -- was now the word 's " biggest valuation bubble " .
" Lessons from Japan in the late 1980s show that once the stock market starts to head down , earnings and multiple contraction can together crush the market like a market rolling downhill , " he said .
US slowdown threatens Chinese export growth
China ’s commerce ministry warned on Thursday that a slowing US economy would trigger a drop in Chinese exports that would mark a “ turning point ” for China ’s rapid economic growth .
A global economic slowdown stemming from problems in the US subprime mortgage market and the resulting credit squeeze “ will be the biggest challenge to China ’s economy next year ” , a report from the ministry ’s policy research department said .
Huang Yiping , chief Asia economist for Citigroup , said : “ I agree with the government that a marked slowdown in the US would be very bad for China .
“ We have n’t seen overcapacity or a so - called hard landing in China because it has been able to export all its excess capacity until now . ”
The ministry ’s report was pessimistic about the chances of avoiding a US and global slowdown , pointing out that although central banks in the US , Europe and Japan had taken numerous steps to alleviate the credit crisis , the situation had continued to deteriorate and “ panic in the credit market remains ” .
Asian Crisis II and US$ repatriation ahead ?
One can only imagine the extent of the bad loans that will now pile up in the Chinese banking system hereafter .
How many US and Japanese firms investing in China will want their deposits at risk in Chinese banks ?
How soon before these firms repatriate tens of billions of US $ 's out of China and into US $ - and Yen - denominated assets ?
Consider what effect this will have on the US $ over time as liquidity preference and flight to safety increase .
Consider the extent to which this will affect commodities prices going forward .
To Scroll Thru My Recent Post List
Bullying in one form or another has analogs in other primates , so it has probably been an issue for as long as there have been humans .
Only recently have authorities recognized that it presents both a discipline problem in schools and public health issue in terms of childhood development .
As more of childhood takes place online , reports have suggested that bullying has followed it there , leading to problems at schools and attempts to address it via legislation .
A recent issue of the Journal of Adolescent Health explores the topic in depth , with results that suggest both that the extent of the problem may depend on how cyberbullying is defined and that the term may actually encompass more than one phenomenon .
The special edition of the Journal arose from an expert panel on the topic convened by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in late 2006 .
The panel apparently discussed some preliminary studies in the area , and the CDC has financed the publication of those studies in a special issue .
As a result of that sponsorship , all of the content in this edition is Open Access .
Many of the studies attempt to quantify the extent and impact of cyberbullying , but one thing becomes immediately clear : its extent depends largely on how it 's defined .
One of the papers describes the situation well by citing some of the past literature on the topic .
One study explored online bullying , and determined that 29 percent of youths experienced it .
A year later , a study that included cell phones and " other technology " as the medium produced a rate of 43 percent .
In contrast , the use a more strict definition termed " online harassment " dropped the figure down to six percent .
The age group sampled could also make a big difference .
In a population study of Colorado students , cyberbullying was rare before junior high , peaked then , and declined during the high school years .
The Colorado study suggested that , by its definition , cyberbullying appeared to simply be an extension of standard childhood behavior to new media .
It explored the perpetration of bullying using the following standards : " I pushed , shoved , tripped , or picked fights with students I know are weaker than me " ; " I teased or said mean things to certain students " ; " I spread rumors about some students " ; and " I told lies about some students through e-mail or instant messaging . "
All forms of bullying largely followed the same trajectory , rising when peers accepted this behavior , and dropping as the perceived school and peer support for students increased .
Two other studies ( one online , one phone survey ) suggested that those on the receiving end may actually make up several distinct populations .
Anonymity did n't seem to be a major factor in Internet harassment , as nearly half of the victims knew their antagonists .
The lack of personal contact , however , may be : nearly 65 percent of the victims did not report offline bullying .
This difference extended to how the victims perceived the bullying .
Over 80 percent of the targets were n't distressed when the aggressor was anonymous or did n't bother the victim while in school .
When the online bullying was part of an orchestrated campaign that included offline offenses , nearly half of the victims found it distressing .
Student focus groups revealed how hard it is for children to turn to authority figures for help .
Students did n't mention problems to parents because they felt that the response would include a curtailing of Internet access .
School authorities were n't notified because the harassment frequently arrived when students were violating school policies by receiving text messages at school or circumventing filters on school computers .
Combined , these studies suggest that the field should prioritize setting consistent standards for what constitutes bullying and harassment online .
Once in place , these might be useful in identifying any aspects of cyberbullying that are distinct from bullying 's personal forms .
They may also aid in defining those individuals that are likely to face significant emotional consequences from online harassment .
In the mean time , if school authorities are interested in helping those on the receiving end , they might consider setting and announcing policies that do not punish victims of harassment for violations committed while receiving it .
Journal of Adolescent Health , Volume 41 , Issue 6 , Supplement S
Not my usual beat but with the Iraq tragedy worsening each day it may be useful to recall that experts said in 2004 before the much - heralded Iraq elections that voting would make the situation worse .
Sadly they were all too correct .
“ It is one of the perverse realities of post - conflict elections that this linchpin of the democratic process can also be its undoing , ” Benjamin Reilly , a political scientist at Australian National University — 2004 .
UN Study : Premature Vote May Prove Disastrous
by Stephen Leahy
( Originally published in Oct 2004 )
Oct 19 ( IPS ) Elections in Afghanistan and Iraq may prove disastrous by increasing violence and extremism , according to studies of other post - conflict societies included in a book released Monday by United Nations University Press .
If elections in volatile situations are ill - timed or poorly designed , they risk producing the direct opposite of the intended outcome , fueling chaos and reversing progress toward democracy , adds the volume , The UN Role in Promoting Democracy .
“ It is one of the perverse realities of post - conflict elections that this linchpin of the democratic process can also be its undoing , ” Benjamin Reilly , a political scientist at Australian National University , said in a news release announcing the book .
“ Elections are a defining characteristic of democracy , but the timing and method of electoral processes are critical , ” added Reilly , one of the book ’s contributors .
The volume examines post - conflict societies , such as Namibia , Mozambique , Kosovo , East Timor and Afghanistan , where the United Nations played a major role in holding elections .
Based on the volume ’s evidence , Iraq is not ready for a vote .
( National elections are scheduled for Jan. 31 , 2005 , but Iraqi President Ghazi Yawar says that may change depending on security in the violence - ridden nation ) .
By comparison , the book argues that early post - conflict elections in Angola and Bosnia created more problems than they solved .
Polls exacerbated existing tensions , increasing support for extremists and encouraging patterns of voting that reflected wartime allegiances .
As a result , local elites kept a tight rein over access to power after the vote .
Based on this and other case studies , the book recommends that elections should not be held in post - conflict societies until at least two years after fighting has subsided , in order to properly prepare the people and create an institutional framework for elections .
It is still too early to judge how elections have influenced the peace - building process in other post - conflict societies , such as Kosovo , East Timor and Afghanistan , said Reilly .
Creating democracy where none has existed is an extremely difficult and lengthy process , according to another contributor to the book , Roland Rich , also of the Australian National University , in Canberra .
“ Real change is generational when it comes to instilling democracy , ” Rich said in an interview .
The book ’s sober views are in stark contrast to the Bush administration ’s glowing reports of the election in Afghanistan just over a week ago .
According to an article in the Washington Post , Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld called the Afghan vote “ breathtaking . ”
Full article is only for subscribers .
Replacement of Google with Alternative Search Systems in China
Documentation and Screen Shots
Berkman Center for Internet & Society
Harvard Law School
Overview
The authors are studying Internet filtering in countries worldwide , and current investigations focus on restrictions on web access in China .
Using a web - based system to test web filtering in China , the authors previously determined and confirmed that Google was inaccessible from at least one testing location in China ; initially , in testing beginning August 29 , a request for Google led to the error " host not found , " consistent with requests for other inaccessible or blocked sites .
However , using related methods , the authors have now confirmed and documented reports that Chinese Internet access currently provides pages other than the ordinary Google home page in response to requests for google.com ; such behavior is believed to have begun on September 8 .
The screen shots below document 6 instances of this replacement .
Update ( 11:00 PM EST on September 11 ) : Sources in China and the Real - Time Testing System confirm that Google is now reachable in China as usual .
Requests for www.google.com now yield the expected Google search page ( and not the third - party sites preserved below ) .
However , searches for certain controversial sites appear to be restricted .
The authors are working to prepare a sample of specific prohibited terms as well as to document the method of filtering .
One of the views through the " wormhole . "
Different lengths result in different bending of light .
Credit : University of Rochester
The team of mathematicians that first created the mathematics behind the " invisibility cloak " announced by physicists last October has now shown that the same technology could be used to generate an " electromagnetic wormhole . "
In the study , which is to appear in the Oct. 12 issue of Physical Review Letters , Allan Greenleaf , professor of mathematics at the University of Rochester , and his coauthors lay out a variation on the theme of cloaking .
Their results open the possibility of building a sort of invisible tunnel between two points in space .
" Imagine wrapping Harry Potter 's invisibility cloak around a tube , " says Greenleaf .
" If the material is designed according to our specifications , you could pass an object into one end , watch it disappear as it traveled the length of the tunnel , and then see it reappear out the other end . "
Current technology can create objects invisible only to microwave radiation , but the mathematical theory allows for the wormhole effect for electromagnetic waves of all frequencies .
With this in mind , Greenleaf and his coauthors propose several possible applications .
Endoscopic surgeries where the surgeon is guided by MRI imaging are problematical because the intense magnetic fields generated by the MRI scanner affect the surgeon 's tools , and the tools can distort the MRI images .
Greenleaf says , however , that passing the tools through an EM wormhole could effectively hide them from the fields , allowing only their tips to be " visible " at work .
To create cloaking technology , Greenleaf and his collaborators use theoretical mathematics to design a device to guide the electromagnetic waves in a useful way .
Researchers could then use these blueprints to create layers of specially engineered , light - bending , composite materials called metamaterials .
Last year , David R. Smith , professor of electrical and computer engineering at Duke 's Pratt School , and his coauthors engineered an invisibility device as a disk , which allowed microwaves to pass around it .
Greenleaf and his coauthors have now employed more elaborate geometry to specify exactly what properties are demanded of a wormhole 's metamaterial in order to create the " invisible tunnel " effect .
They also calculated what additional optical effects would occur if the inside of the wormhole was coated with a variety of hypothetical metamaterials .
Assuming that your vision was limited to the few frequencies at which the wormhole operates , looking in one end , you 'd see a distorted view out the other end , according the simulations by Greenleaf and his coauthors .
Depending on the length of the tube and how often the light bounced around inside , you might see just a fisheye view out the other end , or you might see an Escher - like jumble .
Greenleaf and his coauthors speculated on one use of the electromagnetic wormhole that sounds like something out of science fiction .
If the metamaterials making up the tube were able to bend all wavelengths of visible light , they could be used to make a 3D television display .
Imagine thousands of thin wormholes sticking up out of a box like a tuft of long grass in a vase .
The wormholes themselves would be invisible , but their ends could transmit light carried up from below .
It would be as if thousands of pixels were simply floating in the air .
But that idea , Greenleaf concedes , is a very long way off .
Even though the mathematics now says that it 's possible , it 's up to engineers to apply these results to create a working prototype .
Greenleaf 's coauthors are Matti Lassas , professor of mathematics at the Helsinki University of Technology ; Yaroslav Kurylev , professor of mathematics at the University College , London ; and Gunther Uhlmann , Walker Family Endowed Professor of Mathematics at the University of Washington .
Source : University of Rochester
Explore further
The mathematics of cloaking
Exclusivism and just how to perpetuate that specialness is a hallmark mindset and goal of most religious faiths .
It is a mind virus that seems to be rearing it 's rather ugly head again .
One way , one belief , easily defined rights and wrongs , one law , and one common acceptable mind virus will provide all the comfort and security we need .
The Bible in our culture is often misread and misapplied to perpetuate more harm than good .
It 's what exclusivists do best .
Most religions , denominations and even rival churches of the same denomination but with slightly different practices , teach that they are the one true path to salvation and all others will simply suffer the fates .
I live and work close to Bob Jones University , where being consigned to hell for non compliance is an art form .
Around here it is not uncommon to read " Love Jesus , or burn forever in Hell . "
Try that one one on your kids .
" Love Daddy , or I will kill you . "
That 's child abuse is n't it ???
Ask a Bob Jones student what they believe and it usually comes out in some form of " whatever they say . "
When intolerant fundamentalists .
who are infected with exlusivism speak , the goal is to spread the virus and get others to agree and support it 's propagation .
Once you are in , everyone not in , is out , and the virus then endeavors to become immune from attack through bluster , fear , shame and guilt .
I recently tried to read a copy of the Philadelphia Trumpet , but gave up and opted for chewing ground glass which felt ever so much more pleasant .
Tell one of God 's chosen they are biblically ignorant and watch what happens .
So many sincerely misguided Christians and ministers are piously convicted , to be sure , but marginally informed in their education and perspectives .
While preaching exclusivism , they tend to leave out the being ignorant of the bible part .
Tell one of God 's chosen they are biblically ignorant and watch what happens .
Too bad the being more like Jesus and less like Isaiah , Jeremiah , Ezekiel , Malachi , Elijah and Paul never really caught on in the many prophecy motivated and obcessed churches and denominations .
The " we only " mentality is responsible for much of the division in Christianity today .
Christianity seems to thrive on division for multiplication .
So how does exclusivism work ?
What must happen for it to be successful ?
First of all it must do two things .
It must ensure it can take up a long term residence in the host ( Membership or maybe Meme - bership ) .
A meme is an idea that is passed on from one human generation to another .
It 's the cultural equivalent of a gene , the basic element of biological inheritance .
The term was coined in 1976 by Richard Dawkins in his book The Selfish Gene .
Secondly , it must bring about the proper conditions for spreading itself ( Evangelism ) .
This is how it is done :
1. Promise reward for the effort , position , power , inside knowledge and specialness .
It 's better if the reward is " some day . "
2. Threaten punishment for failure to grow , or pay , pray , stay and obey .
This can take place almost any time now and / or in the future .
3 . Convince them they are the chosen , exclusive and special people .
Teach them that all others are false and there is only ONE right way to think or faith to express .
Teach them that right way just happens be where they are .
4. Disable their ability to challenge or disbelieve the information given .
Lower their immunity .
Faith is superior to reason .
" The wisdom of man is foolishness with God . "
5. Establish a library of true literature and correct answers , for the faithful and discourage reading outside of this one true source , usually provided by the chief virus and his team of pathogens .
Once the parasite has been injected into the host , it will need to propagate itself or the virus will die .
Follow these steps .
1. Emotionally , spiritually , psychologically or literally kill all immune persons .
If you can't infect them , eliminate them .
2 . Those you can't kill ... intimidate and discriminate against .
In religion , this is being disfellowshipped , demoted , censored or made to bring the watermelon to the picnic .
Isolate them because such people , if not held in isolation can pass on immunity and resistance to the virus .
3 . Encourage true believers to breed faster than false ones .
Evangelism is a great tool for this .
4. Censor incoming information and remember to repeat " the wisdom of man is foolishness with God . " .. often , along with a lot of other scriptures that promote blind obedience .
Most of these will be found in the Epistles of Paul .
5 . Be prepared to give out disinformation and spread lies about your rivals .
Demonise them .
And remember , the bigger the lies , the louder you shout it at church and the more seriously concerned you appear for the welfare of the members , the more successful you will be .
Exclusivism is really a rather evil mind set .
Us vs. them , Me vs. You , Chosen vs. unchosen , Christian vs. Pagan , True vs .
False as defined by one government , organization or person over another , is never going to turn out right .
The article ends by discussing what we would need to do in order to avoid the looming collapse .
The article continues by exploring the dangers and seductions of exponential growth , and uses a system dynamics approach to illustrate why we are moving at a rapid pace toward global collapse with our eyes wide shut .
This article explores dynamic relations governing population growth , resource depletion , and world economics by means of a few simple modeling and simulation exercises .
To this end , we start out by exploring the concept of an ecological footprint , representing the amount of land that a person needs to produce everything that he or she consumes : food , clothing , energy , shelter , the tools that are needed to make the clothing , etc. and place it in relation with the human development index , a measure of the quality of life of an individual .
We then relate the ecological footprint to the per capita energy consumption .
This discussion serves to provide a quantitative understanding of the limited resources that are at our disposal .
François Cellier is a specialist in modeling and simulation of physical systems and is teaching system simulation and control at the Institute of Computational Science of ETH Zurich , Switzerland .
Carrying Capacity and the Ecological Footprint
You just finished preparing lunch for four people when your son storms in , asking whether his friend can stay for lunch .
Hence the lunch prepared for four people must now feed five .
There is n’t much of a problem .
The family members simply receive a bit less than they would have received otherwise .
This short story illustrates why the much discussed concept of the carrying capacity of planet Earth is flawed .
It is entirely possible to distribute the available wealth among more people .
The consequence will simply be that there is less available for each one .
For this reason , Mathis Wackernagel , CEO of the Global Footprint Network , developed an alternative concept called the ecological footprint .
The ecological footprint of a person is a measure of the amount of land that a person needs to produce everything that he or she consumes : food , clothing , energy , shelter , the tools that are needed to make the clothing , etc .
Under contract by the United Nations and the Swiss Government , Mathis and his team calculated the average per capita ecological footprint of many nations on this globe .
The average Swiss consumes roughly 5.5 hectares ( 13.6 acres ) , the average American occupies roughly 10 hectares ( 24.7 acres ) , whereas the average inhabitant of Madagascar gets by with 0.5 hectares ( 1.2 acres ) only .
The average inhabitant on this planet currently makes use of 2.2 hectares ( 5.4 acres ) .
Mathis then took the entire available arable land of this planet and divided it by the current population of 6.5 billion people .
This produces an available per capita footprint of 1.8 hectares ( 4.4 acres ) .
He then plotted the ecological footprint of different nations against their Human Development Index ( HDI ) , a measure of the quality of life of their inhabitants .
In order for the inhabitants of planet Earth to lead a decent life without taxing the resources of the planet in an unsustainable fashion , each nation should consume less than the 1.8 hectares per capita of the ecological footprint available , while being granted an HDI of 0.8 or better .
Hence all nations should strive to have their “ dots ” move to the orange box in the lower right corner of the graph .
Currently , there is only one nation that has its dot inside the orange box .
That nation happens to be Cuba .
In order to move towards a sustainable world , we all must become … not Berliners , but Cubans .
The banana - shaped curve can be approximated by three separate tangents .
The almost horizontal red line at the bottom represents primarily the African nations .
The good news is that it should be possible to move them further to the right , i.e. , in the direction of an improved quality of life , almost without increasing their ecological footprint .
These nations get by with such a small footprint , because they cannot afford to waste anything .
They are careful to use their few available resources in an almost optimal fashion .
The second ( tilted ) tangent further to the right represents the European nations .
Their gradient is steeper because they live more wastefully .
People in Switzerland heat their houses in the winter and cool them in the summer more than would be necessary ; they maintain weekend houses that they heat and possibly cool even at times when they are not present ; they keep their computers running 24/7 ; and finally , they buy food items that they then forget in their refrigerators and freezers until they are rotten and need to be thrown away .
Finally , there is a third vertical tangent representing the United States and the United Arab Emirates .
They consume simply because they can without improving their quality of life any further .
So , what is the carrying capacity of the planet ?
If we wish to live in a sustainable fashion like the Cubans , we ’ll need to reduce our numbers by 20 % to 5 billion people .
If we wish to all live like Americans , we shall need to decrease our numbers to roughly 1 billion people .
Finally , if we decide to live as poorly as the people of Madagascar , then we can triple our numbers to 20 billion and live unhappily ever after .
Unfortunately , expansion is in our genes .
The Cubans would gladly vote to become the 51st State in the Union , if this would enable them to drive around in these sinfully gorgeous SUVs ; if they could heat their houses to 24C in the winter while cooling them down to 18C in the summer ; and finally , if their supermarkets would carry all the food that they can only dream about at an affordable price 24 hours per day and seven days per week .
Energy Consumption and the Dependence on Fossil Fuels
At the current time , we are satisfying our energy needs almost exclusively by burning fossil fuels .
Everything else is icing on the cake .
Hence if the fossil fuels become unavailable , we have a real problem .
Let me quantify our current energy consumption :
Energy Type EJ / yr % Oil 160 38 Coal 100 24 Gas 90 21 Biomass 30 7 Nuclear 25 6 Hydro 15 4
The three types of fossil fuels : oil , coal , and natural gas , together account for 83 % of our entire energy consumption .
The units used in the table , EJ / yr , represent exajoules per year .
We are currently consuming 420 EJ / yr , corresponding to 13 TW ( terawatts ) .
Although we are definitely hooked on fossil fuels , many of the uses that are currently covered by fossil fuels could equally well be met by other means .
For example , it is n’t necessary to heat our houses by means of central oil heating systems .
We could utilize electric heat pumps instead .
We use as much fossil fuels simply because they currently represent the cheapest solution .
As long as electricity is sold at a price three times higher than heating oil , why should we consider changing our heating systems ?
The problem is that we are running out of cheap oil fairly soon .
Once the price of raw oil rises to $ 200 / barrel , everyone in Switzerland will want to switch from oil to heat pumps .
When that happens , where will we get the electricity from to meet the sudden increase in demand ?
As it is possible to replace one type of energy with another , it makes sense to discuss energy consumption simply in terms of power units , rather than in terms of barrels of oil .
If we divide 13 TW by 6.5 billion people , we get 2 kW per person .
Switzerland has currently a per capita energy consumption of 5.5 kW , whereas the U.S. shows a per capita energy consumption of 10 kW .
If we plot the energy consumption of different nations against the HDI , we obtain a graph that is almost identical to the ecological footprint graph , simply replacing hectares by kilowatts .
Energy consumption and footprint are proportional to each other .
The footprint has the advantage that it can be interpreted in the context of sustainability , whereas the energy consumption has the advantage of being more easily and accurately computable .
Knowing that we live beyond our means , Switzerland has meanwhile espoused the goal of reducing the per capita energy consumption by 2050 by a factor of 2.75 , creating a 2000 Watt Society .
Being the good citizen that we are , we should stop living beyond our means and return to a sustainable life style .
This is tough .
In 1950 , shortly after the end of WW - II , the per capita energy consumption in Switzerland was 1 kW .
However at that time , there were hardly any cars around ; there were no computers and no TV sets ; the average household had one radio and one record player ; many houses did n’t have central heating yet , i.e. , only the living room was being heated by a woodstove .
The beds were locally heated using jute bags filled with cherry - stones .
The bags were previously heated in a special compartment of the woodstove in the living room .
A lot can be accomplished by better insulating the houses .
New houses can and should be built as min-energy houses , whereas older houses ought to be upgraded .
I expect the Swiss government to pass a law probably by 2010 that will force people who consume more than 10 liters of heating oil per year and per square meter of heated area to either upgrade their dwellings or reduce the room temperature accordingly .
Tax incentives will be offered where needed .
The public transportation system of Switzerland is currently one of the best in the world .
Nevertheless , most Swiss prefer to use private cars .
Yet already , laws have been passed that will become effective in 2008 , which will severely punish the owners of gas guzzlers , thereby hopefully convincing more people to buy smaller and more energy - efficient vehicles .
Will this be sufficient ?
I recently attended the annual meeting of the Swiss Academy of Engineering Sciences ( SATW ) .
At that meeting , a former CEO of the electricity company of the Canton de Neuchâtel , Charles Rognon , made a presentation about Swiss energy policies .
Switzerland is in a fairly good position w.r.t. electricity production .
We currently obtain 65 % of our electricity from hydro- electric power plants , 30 % from seven nuclear power stations , and the remaining 5 % from everything else .
In particular , we produce less than 2 % of our electricity from fossil fuels .
Of course , electricity only accounts for a small portion of our entire energy needs .
Rognon showed a graph on which he plotted the “ proven ” energy reserves in the year 2050 .
He assumed that our hydro-electric power plants shall continue to produce the same amount of energy by 2050 that they do now .
This assumption holds , unless global warming will have melted our glaciers by then .
He also accepted the ( somewhat optimistic ) assumptions made in the Road Map : Renewable Energies Switzerland that stipulate that we should be able to double our renewable ( hydro , solar , wind , geothermal ) energy production by 2050 .
He dropped the fossil fuels , because they may no longer be available by then , and he also dropped the nuclear energy due to the political pressure of shutting the nuclear power plants down .
Using the “ proven ” energy sources only , Switzerland will have available only 1 kW of per capita energy by 2050 , i.e. , even the envisaged 2000 Watt Society is a pipe dream without additional sources of energy .
The hidden message was that we cannot afford shutting down our nuclear power plants .
In order to meet our goal of 2 kW per person , we would need to double our nuclear power and increase the efficiency of these power plants from currently 33 % to 50 % by using the excess heat for heating the houses in nearby villages rather than our rivers as we do now .
Yet , even if we manage to have available 2 kW per person by 2050 , the 2000 Watt Society cannot be realized by better insulating houses and driving smaller cars alone .
There is a direct relationship between energy consumption and productivity .
Reducing the energy consumption , we ’ll have to move down the tilted red line in the footprint diagram , i.e. , not only wo n’t we be able to waste energy any longer , we ’ll all be significantly poorer as well .
Our HDI will get reduced from 0.9 to 0.8 .
We ’ll become Cubans , and we wo n’t like it a bit .
The Seduction of Exponential Growth
Let us play a little game .
We ’ll simulate a synthetic chain letter that obeys the following set of rules :
A chain letter carries two addresses , the address of the sender , and the address of the sender ’s sender .
After receiving the chain letter for the first time , the recipient sends $ 1 to the sender ’s sender .
He then sends the chain letter on to 10 new recipients , again with two addresses , his own address as that of the sender , and the sender ’s address as that of the sender ’s sender .
U.S.
The letter is only mailed within the
Every recipient answers the chain letter exactly once .
If and when he receives the letter for a second time , he simply throws it away .
We need special rules to provide initial conditions :
The originator sends out 10 letters with only one address , and does n’t send money to anyone .
If a letter is received with only one address , the recipient sends it out to 10 new people with two addresses .
Such a recipient does n’t send money to anyone either .
This is a wonderful , and totally illegal , way of making money .
Each participant is expected to make $ 99 on the deal .
I quickly programmed that game and simulated it .
Here are the results :
The top graph shows the infected population .
Already after seven generations , the entire population of the U.S. has been contaminated .
The bottom graph shows the amount of money that the participants made on the deal .
Everyone who participates early on receives $ 99 as expected .
Those who participate later lose $ 1 .
Participants during the exponential growth phase of the game consume money sent to them by future generations , whereas those who participate during the stagnation phase send money to past generations .
This behavior is true for all exponential growth patterns .
During the exponential growth phase , i.e. , while the second derivative of the growth curve is positive ( the curve is “ u” - shaped ) , we borrow money from the future , and during the stagnation phase , i.e. , while the second derivative of the growth curve is negative ( the growth curve is “ n ” - shaped ) , we pay back our accumulated debt .
In fact , we are worse off during the stagnation phase than in steady state , because in the steady - state phase the second derivative of the growth curve is zero ; we have meanwhile paid back all of our debt and are now debt - free .
Whereas sending out chain letters is totally illegal for individuals , it is not illegal for governments .
In fact , this is how our entire economy works .
When we pay money into social security , it is not being invested in order to pay it back to us with interest once we retire .
That money is used at once to pay retirement income to our parents and grandparents .
The Social Security Administration simply relies on a growing number of young people to pay into their funds , so that we can receive an income once we retire .
The system lives off the exponential growth and is designed to go broke once the exponential growth pattern comes to an end .
Yet , this is not only a problem with social security .
It is one of the main driving forces behind our entire economical system .
Our economy has been optimized to exploit exponential growth , and once exponential growth ends , it is designed to fail .
For this reason , we can not rely on market forces to get us out of the exponential growth dilemma .
Our business managers and politicians have every ( short - term ) interest in preserving the exponential growth for as long as they can .
What we need is the EGA , an organization called Exponential Growth Anonymous with a strict “ twelve - step program ” :
We admit that we were powerless over exponential growth – that our world had become unmanageable .
We have worshipped the chain letter principle .
We stole money from our children to support our addiction to exponential growth .
We lied shamelessly and remorselessly in order to support our addiction .
We even were ready to start wars , if these allowed us to continue our addiction a little while longer .
We can rely on our business managers and politicians to fix the exponential growth problem as much as we can rely on junkies to fix the drug abuse problem .
World Models and the Looming Collapse
For the past 35 years , researchers have attempted modeling world dynamics with the purpose of gaining a better understanding of the forces that drive population dynamics , resource utilization , waste management , and world economics .
One of the main contributors to this body of research is Dennis Meadows , one of the authors of the book Limits to Growth .
Meanwhile in its third edition , the book continues to offer a useful , inexpensive , and easy - to - read introduction to our collective knowledge concerning world dynamics .
World models are based on plausible interactions between different variables that are considered key to governing the dynamical patterns .
The interactions themselves are modeled using statistical data collected in different nations .
For example , it is proposed that the birth rate is a function of the Human Development Index ( HDI ) , as we have observed that in countries with a high HDI value , the birth rate is usually significantly lower than in countries with a low HDI value .
Different world models may use different relationships governing a different set of key variables , but they are all based on the same principles .
A set of internally consistent relationships is formulated that can then be simulated to obtain sets of behavioral patterns that are compatible with these relationships .
If you read the book Limits to Growth with the hope of finding a prediction of our future , you will be disappointed .
No one can predict the future with any degree of reliability beyond a fairly short time horizon .
What the book does demonstrate is how the model can be manipulated to generate different possible behavioral patterns that are all consistent with the assumptions ( internal relationships ) on which the model is based .
The book discusses 10 different scenarios , most of which , but not all , show a collapse , i.e. , a rapid decrease of the world population sometime after the year 2030 .
Between 2030 and 2070 , approximately , the world population decreases from somewhere around 7 billion people to somewhere around 1 billion people .
Dennis updated his world model ( WORLD3 ) from one edition of the book to the next by adding new statistical data that have meanwhile become available .
The behavioral patterns that the model exhibits have n’t changed much by his doing so .
The principal message of the original 1972 edition has not been invalidated by the new facts that were added between 1972 and 2004 .
However in 1972 , there were considerably more options available to avoid the collapse than are still available today .
The window of opportunity is closing rapidly , and up to now , we seem to have consistently chosen paths leading to collapse .
Let me try to explain why this is the case .
To this end , I shall employ an older world model , WORLD2 , created by Jay Forrester and described in his 1971 book entitled World Dynamics .
I am using this model because it is simpler and fits on a single graph .
Here is the model :
The model contains five “ levels ” ( state variables ) , shown in the model as blue rectangular boxes , representing the population , the pollution , the unrecoverable natural resources , the money invested in the world economies , and the percentage of that money invested in the agricultural sector .
Each of these levels has an “ inflow ” and an “ outflow , ” represented in the model by blue valve symbols , whereby the state derivative is the difference between inflows and outflows .
These “ rate ” variables themselves are non-linear static functions of the states and other auxiliary ( algebraic ) variables .
Let us check what happens if we vary the rate at which the natural unrecoverable resources ( like fossil fuels ) are getting exhausted .
We shall define a “ performance index , ” i.e. , a measure of goodness of the observed behavioral patters .
We wish to keep the world HDI value as high as possible , while punishing negative gradients of the population .
We want a high living standard while avoiding the die - off .
Five different scenarios are shown below .
The performance index is plotted over time .
The faster we use up the remaining fossil fuels , the better it is .
The reason is that after the end of cheap oil the exponential growth pattern cannot be preserved any longer .
The sooner we get out of the exponential growth pattern , the better we ’ll be off in the long run .
Two of the scenarios , the blue and the red , are plagued by massive die - off after the year 2040 .
The other three scenarios avoid the die - off .
Hence we ought to prevent the blue and red scenarios from becoming our future .
Yet , these are precisely the scenarios that offer the best short - term perspectives .
Since market forces always optimize with a short time horizon of two years or less , our politicians and business managers will invariably embrace the blue or red scenarios , and consequently , we are meeting our demise with our eyes wide shut .
The Consequences of Collapse
What does a collapse entail ?
GliderGuider demonstrated in a recent article published on The Oil Drum that , in order to “ accomplish ” a reduction in world population from 7 billion to 1 billion within a few decades , we would have to maintain an annual excess death rate of 3 % or “ better ” over an extended period of time .
Let us look at Iraq , for example .
We read every day that approximately 100 Iraqi die a violent death .
Multiplied by 365 days , we get 36,500 dead Iraqi every year .
Multiplied by 4 years since the invasion , we get 146,000 dead Iraqi .
Yet , we read that the true number of Iraqis who have died since the invasion is closer to 600,000 .
That would be four times as many .
Okay , so probably the daily deaths are underreported and , in reality , the number of Iraqis dying a violent death every day is closer to 400 .
So now , we have 600,000 dead Iraqi in 4 years , i.e. , 150,000 dead Iraqi per year .
Iraq has a population of 27,000,000 .
This gives an annual excess death rate of 0.56 % .
In order to get an annual excess death rate of 3 % or “ better , ” we would need , on a global scale , a situation that is worse than that of current - day Iraq by a factor of six , and we would need to maintain these conditions for 50 years in a row .
Let us look at world population statistics of the 20th century :
What happened during WW - I and WW - II ?
In spite of the horrors of these wars , the world population kept growing .
All of the horrors of these wars did n’t even make a dent .
What about the Spanish flu of 1918 ?
We do n’t know exactly , how many people died from that flu , but according to our best estimates , roughly 50,000,000 people died from the flu during the winter of 1918 .
This corresponds to 2.5 % of the world population .
So for once , we came close to our “ target ” of 3 % , and yet , there was n’t even a dent left in the curve , because we did n’t keep at it for sufficiently long .
Even Adolf Eichmann had to learn that killing millions of people and getting rid of their corpses is very hard work .
Reducing our population from 6 billion to 1 billion in 75 years , that ’s hell come to Earth .
How Can The Collapse Be Avoided ?
There is an old proverb : when you are already in a hole , stop digging .
We have documented that we are already consuming an ecological footprint larger than that provided by planet Earth in a sustainable fashion .
Thus , increasing our population further can only hurt us .
In order to avoid the collapse , we need to get out of the exponential growth pattern as fast as we can .
We ought to behave as if fossil fuels had already become essentially unavailable , using this precious commodity only for purposes where they are absolutely essential and to help us create a sustainable energy infrastructure for the future .
Such an approach will immediately make us poorer .
It will be uncomfortable ; but remember , this will happen sooner or later anyway , whether we like it or not , and the longer we continue in our current exponential growth pattern , the more painful the subsequent adjustment will be .
By accepting the transition now , we will make it much easier , because as of now , the fossil fuels are still available to help us cheat .
Where a hard transition is too painful , we can make it a soft transition .
Where fossil fuels can help us create better living conditions for the future , we can still use them .
Finally , by weaning us off our addiction voluntarily now , we prolong the availability of the remaining resources substantially .
It is a bitter medicine , no doubt .
Can we understand its necessity ?
You bet !
Will it happen ?
I see no inkling of it .
A Powerpoint presentation of mine about these and related issues can be found at the web address http://www.inf.ethz.ch/~fcellier/Pres/AGS_07.ppt
You know what ?
She is not where she is just because she 's hot , I know that because I had a real conversation with her during last CES while she was testing an interactive driving seat and she kept talking and talking and there were butterflies all around us and she looked at me right in the eye and asked : " how many more pictures do you need ? "
Two dogs saved a toddler from drowning by pulling the boy out of a dam near Mackay , in central Queensland , today .
An Andergrove property owner heard a noise and found the two - year - old and the dogs on the embankment of her dam about 11 am , police said .
The boy was covered in mud , had marks on his upper arms , and there were drag marks from his body in the mud , consistent with the dogs pulling him from the water .
The government 's pledge to halt the soaring rate of childhood obesity within three years in fact cannot be achieved until 2050 , warns a damning report commissioned by ministers to help them tackle the problem .
The number of six - to 10 - year - olds who become obese will keep rising relentlessly until the late 2040s , with as many as half of all primary school - age boys and one in five girls dangerously overweight by 2050 , according to the document .
Health campaigners last night said the dramatic findings showed that Britain is facing an unprecedented public health crisis .
' They are frightening preliminary findings and the implications for both the NHS 's budget and , more importantly , for children 's health are really disturbing , ' said Norman Lamb , the Liberal Democrats ' shadow health secretary .
' I 'm not entirely surprised by the direction of the trend but I 'm shocked by the scale of it , which is horrifying . '
The confidential document was commissioned by the former Department of Trade and Industry .
The paper predicts that both adult and childhood obesity in England will continue rising unless there are dramatic changes in official policy and people 's lifestyles .
It foresees big increases in heart problems , strokes and diabetes if current upward trends in obesity are not reversed .
Few experts expect that to happen .
The 74 - page draft document , dated 22 June 2007 , also estimates the NHS will have to spend billions more pounds every year on treating patients with obesity - related illnesses .
' A target on childhood obesity was introduced to halt the year - on - year rise in obesity among children aged under 11 by 2010 in the context of a broader strategy to tackle obesity in the population as a whole .
As yet there is almost no evidence that the rise in obesity levels is changing . '
And the report goes on to say : ' There is evidence that among children aged six to 10 years , males will be more obese than females , with an estimate of 50 per cent being obese by 2050 , compared with 20 per cent of female children .
Among children aged 11 to 15 , the prediction is different : 23 per cent for males and 37 per cent for females . '
At present around one in 10 under - 10s , and one in four of 11 - to 15 - year - olds , are classed as obese : that is , having a Body Mass Index of 30 or above .
One graph in the report shows that while the number of boys aged six to 10 who are merely overweight , with a BMI of 25 to 30 , is expected to stay constant until 2050 , the number who are obese will soar , meaning the number with a healthy BMI rating will decrease sharply .
An identical graph for girls between six and 10 shows the number who are overweight or obese also rising steadily until 2050 .
The report on potential future trends in obesity was put together by a team of researchers headed by Professor Klim McPherson , a professor of public health epidemiology at Oxford University .
Using data from the official Health Survey for England and the widely respected International Obesity Task Force , McPherson 's report predicts that the population as a whole will continue getting fatter , with efforts to curb the epidemic of youthful obesity bringing at best limited success .
The Department of Health last night refused to respond to the McPherson report 's findings because it never discusses leaked documents .
But officials describe the 2010 public service agreement target , set in 2004 , as ' very challenging ' .
National Obesity Forum spokesman Tam Fry said : ' Unless we take proper steps now to tackle it , we are facing disaster in the near future , with today 's generation of children dying younger than their parents . '
Artist 's Statement Part II of last week's .
There are just so many reasons to look forward to the next terrorist attack that one cartoon could not contain them all .
I drew most of this one reclining in a plush vibrating chair at my friends Jim and Sarah 's in New Haven , CT , and they are hereby thanked for their hospitality .
I honestly can't imagine what the public reaction to the Bush administration will be in the event of another attack .
Given the general blood - in - the - water turn public opinion 's taken against them in the years since Katrina , my guess would be that they 'll get savaged for failing to prevent it , the way you might 've thought they would have been the first time around .
But who knows ?-- maybe everyone will rally around the President again and support an attack on Iran .
Do not underestimate people 's capacity for being fooled again .
We do know that the Bush administration will protest that " nobody could have predicted this , " discourage us from indulging in unconstructive criticism and second - guessing --" playing the Blame Game " -- and that they will blame the Democrats for opposing wiretapping and waterboarding .
And we know the dingbat Christians will blame the fags .
My recollection of the first time is that , after a twenty - four - hour cæsura during which the entire ceaselessly chattering media machine was stunned into welcome silence , everyone in the country from Falwell to Chomsky who could get in front of a camera or onto an op - ed page started telling us that this Only Went to Prove What They 'd Been Saying All Along , and that it would never have happened If Only We Had Listened to Them .
So I 'm afraid we 'll probably have to hear a good deal more of that next time around .
I have heard that there was a lot of desperate cathartic life - affirming casual sex in New York in the weeks after 9/11 .
I rue that I missed out on it .
This time I am dug in here for the duration and , assuming I survive the next attack , I intend to cash in on the erotic blowback .
My friend and colleague Tom Hart makes his debut appearance in The Pain in panel 3 -- not a very accurate or flattering portrait , I 'm afraid , but I 'll get better at drawing him .
Tom is an earnest and concerned person and would care if someone attacked the South .
( For the record , the Bank of America Plaza is the highest building in Dallas .
As if terrorists have even heard of Dallas . )
As for the giant Muslim terrorist robot , this , unbelievably , was the last idea that came to me -- like all brilliant inspirations , obvious in retrospect .
Jim wondered idly how the giant robot was powered and immediately answered his own question : " oil . "
Jim believes that this last panel is likely to earn me some hate mail , or maybe even get one of them fatwas slapped on my infidel honky ass .
I , who have over a decade 's experience drawing grotesquely offensive things for publication , can predict exactly what is likely to come of it : nothing at all .
However , in the unlikely event that I do get fatwahed and am caught in the media spotlight , I already have my sound bite ready .
( I 've learned to be prepared for this sort of thing ever since I fleetingly became a national media go - to guy during the Great Plutonian Crisis of ' 06 . )
It goes like this : " Which would you say is a saner response to the possibility of another terrorist attack -- trying to find some way to laugh at our fear , or being so frightened we 're willing to forfeit our rights as American citizens and invade countries that were n't involved ? "
Yeah , that 'll make 'em stop and think in Wichita !
All kidding aside , if I am killed in the next terrorist attack , please do not say , " Tim Kreider would n't have condoned any violence in his name .
He opposed the war , and he would n't have wanted his death to be used as an excuse for more pointless military action . "
If I am killed by terrorists I want the entire Middle East blasted flat by thermonuclear weapons in retribution for my personal death .
Tell 'em , " Tim Kreider says hello . "
I am all about vengeance these days , and , with due respect to the Spaniards , I believe it is best served piping hot .
Finish the folowing sentence -
" I like my women like I like my coffee ... "
Apologies to David Buist , Tatsuya Ishida , Tim Buckley , Paul Taylor , Howard Tayler , Enigma , M. Zole ,
R. Stevens , Dorothy Gambrell , Stephen Notley , Mark Stanley , Howard Tayler again , Drew , and Ryan North .
Bill Clinton ’s promise to lift the ban on gays in the military provoked one of the most wrenching fights of his first year in office .
It roiled his relationships with Congress and the military , consumed huge amounts of political capital , and ultimately ended in an uneasy compromise : “ Do n’t ask , do n’t tell . ”
So it was noteworthy and politically telling , 14 years later , when the eight Democratic candidates at a contentious debate in New Hampshire seemed in utter agreement on one thing :
It was time to return to that original promise to allow gay men and lesbians to serve openly in the military .
It was time to repeal “ Do n’t ask , do n’t tell , ” which allows them to serve if they keep quiet about their sexual orientation and do not engage in homosexual acts .
Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton was among the most forceful , describing her husband ’s compromise as “ a transition policy ” and “ an important first step ” that was no longer “ the best way for us as a nation to proceed . ”
She quoted Barry Goldwater that , “ you do n’t have to be straight to shoot straight . ”
Senator Joseph Biden chimed in , saying that General Peter Pace , the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , was “ flat wrong ” when he recently warned that repealing this policy would be bad for the military .
“ Nobody asked anybody else whether they ’re gay ” on the battlefields of Afghanistan and Iraq , he said .
When the moderator , Wolf Blitzer of CNN , asked for a show of hands on repeal , every hand went up in support .
Author Thread
Very emotive capture .
Well done and congratulations !
( one improvement ... rotate every so slightly clockwise to straighten the horizon . )
Photographer found comment helpful .
I 'm going to steal that suitcase when you 're least expecting it .
Congrats on your ribbon !!
Photographer found comment helpful .
So great !
I wish my dog had all that room to run around in , glad you won .
Photographer found comment helpful .
pure emotion , just wonderful
Photographer found comment helpful .
I sure ran away a few times , but no one noticed , Ha ! this is excellent !
Photographer found comment helpful .
Awesome photo ...
I feel sad just looking at them .
They did a great job modeling for you !
Photographer found comment helpful .
This was one of my fav images congrats on your 3rd place well done
Photographer found comment helpful .
So wonderful to see a fantastic photo like this on the front page - simple yet poignant .
Photographer found comment helpful .
By far the best in the challenge !
Congratulations on your ribbon !
Photographer found comment helpful .
i think this is a great picture
Photographer found comment helpful .
What a great composition !
Photographer found comment helpful .
Many heartfelt congratulations !
This is lovely :)
Photographer found comment helpful .
Congratulatios !!
This is such an emotiove image .
Love it !!
Photographer found comment helpful .
great concept , really nice photo ... BIG congratz
Photographer found comment helpful .
This really is a classic !
Congrats .
Photographer found comment helpful .
congrats on a great shot and score
Jack
Photographer found comment helpful .
great cute shot and congrats on the ribbon !
would like to see it in b&w , too ...
Photographer found comment helpful .
Great shot !
You can't help but feel sad for the pair .
Very captivating .
Photographer found comment helpful .
im a sucker for any shot with a pooch in it
especially a sad pooch
very well done
Photographer found comment helpful .
Amazingly awesome shot , you can definitely feel the sadness of it .
Definitely deserved a ribbon !
Congrats !!
Photographer found comment helpful .
Congrats !
You truly deserved a ribbon !
Wonderfully , heart - touching shot and so well executed .
I loved it .
Photographer found comment helpful .
I was expecting something with this shot , I like it way you took .
congrats !!!
Photographer found comment helpful .
Yayyyyyyy Laurie !!!!
Wow !
7.3 and a yellow ribbon .
What an incredibly high scoring challenge .
And what a great tribute to your creativity , talent and execution !!
I am in awe of your work !
Photographer found comment helpful .
Very well done .
I like this alot .
Every detail in incedible !
Congratulations on the ribbon !
Photographer found comment helpful .
An instant classic ... congratulations on winning the yellow ribbon !
Photographer found comment helpful .
I 'm so happy you got a ribbon for this marvelous shot , but it should have been blue .
Every detail of this is perfection : the bare feet , the endless line of telephone poles , the overalls with the strap hanging down , the innocence of the naked back and shoulder , the adorable little dog , the little old - fashion suitcase , etc. etc. etc.
Great work !
Photographer found comment helpful .
Great shot - well deserved result
Photographer found comment helpful .
Congrats !!!
I loved this .... gave it a 10 .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Way to go Laurie .
I loved this picture from the first time I saw it .
Congrats on your ribbon .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Laurie , this is so poignant and beautiful , excellent job .
Mega congrats on winning the yellow .
WTG , girl !
Photographer found comment helpful .
Heartwrenching !
Awesome composition .
Well deserved ribbon .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Totally awesome , and so worthy of this ribbon .....
So so emotive , and so beautifully captured .....
Photographer found comment helpful .
well , looks like I nailed it . ;)
Definitely deserving .
My only 10 in the challenge for pictures I could vote on ...
Photographer found comment helpful .
Comments Made During the Challenge
I love how the dog is leaning on the little girl as he waits for her to weigh their options .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Cute .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Was n't there a movie based on this w / Ryan and Tatum O'Neil ?
Good photo .
I hope the suitcase is empty . ;-)
I love the dirt road , nice effect .
Photographer found comment helpful .
fantastic composition !
Photographer found comment helpful .
Well composed with good colour .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Love the costuming and concept of this shot !!
Photographer found comment helpful .
Charming and poignant .
I can well remember feeling that way at that age .
10
Photographer found comment helpful .
MY FAVORITE !!!
I see their emotion , it is reflected in the lightning , the composition , their posture , her foot , the pups tail , her forgotten strap , the nostalgic suitcase .
Brilliant IMO !
10
Photographer found comment helpful .
Very cute and detailed
Photographer found comment helpful .
classic looking photo i would like to see more shadow detail in the big tree in the distance and the main subject to the left
Photographer found comment helpful .
What à lovely shot !
10
Photographer found comment helpful .
Cute !
Photographer found comment helpful .
I think you were really close to something special here .
Might have been a little better in black and white .
It sort of has that feel to it .
Great idea !
Photographer found comment helpful .
Super cute !
I wish the angle was a bit wider , so the road disappeared more and the world appeared bigger , but it 's still a 7 from me !
Photographer found comment helpful .
i like the idea and the composition ... but the lighting is quite plain ..7
Photographer found comment helpful .
Absolutely adorable , great job .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Great photo , shame the light was n't further across the cornfield but well done
Photographer found comment helpful .
I think this would be beautiful in black and white .
And maybe taking the camera closer to the ground .
But great idea and still a good shot .
Photographer found comment helpful .
funny shot !
very neat image !
Photographer found comment helpful .
Man , seriously adorable concept .
Very well executed .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Lovely image .
I like the composition , colors and the feel of this photo .
Photographer found comment helpful .
This does n't evoke the true challenge in my opinion .
I do like the concept , it 's a well produced photograph .
Photographer found comment helpful .
This is definitely one of my faves of the challenge .
I love how the road leads off into nowhere .
The dog is so well behaved .
One thing you could do after the challenge but not in basic editing is tone down the bright fastener in her hair .
Overall , I think it is a great shot with a lot of emotion and it's one of my top picks .
Good luck .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Yep !!
This one 's gotta be the winner .
If it does n't win blue , I 'm filing a formal protest :)
Congratulations in advance !!!
This is so incredible !!!
Photographer found comment helpful .
wow , very nice .
I would love to see this in advanced editing :)
Photographer found comment helpful .
this is so cute !
I 'm trying to understand the strap falling off .
Is there a point that I 'm missing ?
Just wondering .
Still a good picture .
Photographer found comment helpful .
The idea is my favorite of the bunch .
I 'm going to vote as if the dark look was intentional .
8
Photographer found comment helpful .
My definite pick for 3rd in this challenge of significantly underachieving entries .
I think a little work with the midtones could have brought up the grass a bit , but maybe you did that on purpose to enhance the mood .
My only 10 .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Well done .
Subject matter shows emotion very well .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Love this one !
It 's one of my favorites in this challenge !
Great idea well executed !
Photographer found comment helpful .
cool , like the Wizard of Oz ! if I had one critique it would be to look at your levels , it seems to not really really have a true white and I think brightening up would have really helped this shot .
That is my only critique though , the idea and composition are great .
Feel free to PM me if you want me to show you what I mean :)
Photographer found comment helpful .
Beautiful and impressive .
Photographer found comment helpful .
whimsical
Photographer found comment helpful .
Break my heart !
Good image , but glad to know it 's not real !
Nicely done .
Photographer found comment helpful .
If this is an arranged photo - which I suppose ?
- it would be good to make sure the girl wears a t - shirt in these troubled times ...
very nice picture , the colors need a bit more saturation .
Photographer found comment helpful .
lovely .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Ribbon !
Photographer found comment helpful .
I would n't say this was extreme emotion , but it 's such a great composition , perfectly exposed , I had to give it a 9 .
Brilliant !
Is that a blue heeler ?
Photographer found comment helpful .
AWWWWWW !!!!
How PRECIOUS a shot is this ?!
I really kike it !
It seems as though the dog is waiting to go and there 's nowhere to go !
LOL
How absolutely adorable a shot !
Nicely done !
Photographer found comment helpful .
This could almost be a painting .
I love the shot and the concept !
Photographer found comment helpful .
Fantastic !
Photographer found comment helpful .
Cute !
Photographer found comment helpful .
I like this photograph .
Well done and great setup and idea .
Photographer found comment helpful .
Great shot !!
I like how both the girl and the dog are sticking their legs out to the side to brace themselves .
Photographer found comment helpful .
nIcE ..... too good ...
Photographer found comment helpful .
too cute
Photographer found comment helpful .
really a great image .
well constructed , I like your cure of the details .
the girl without the shoes well work on the image economy , good the choice of the bag colour and the position of the tail of the dog is great .
I do n't know if a duotone ( burungy ) was most dramatical .
Photographer found comment helpful .
This is a fantastic shot .
I have n't commented on an image in months , but I can't pass this one up .
The emotion is obvious , the composition is spot on and enhances the emotion .
Every detail has been accounted for .
Very nicely done .
Photographer found comment helpful .
This is so sweet .
Nice to see " extreme emotion " in a sweet innocent way here .
Well done .
Photographer found comment helpful .
very nice - this is extreme indeed
Photographer found comment helpful .
oh man , what a wonderful concept !
Photographer found comment helpful .
Heart - warming , innocent , emotional .
Tells a great story .... or , at least one can imagine a story here .
Meets the challenge very well !
Very natural and pleasant exposure and scene !
One of my favorites in this challenge . ( 10 )
Photographer found comment helpful .
oh
myyy
gosh .
oh my gosh oh my gosh oh my gosh .
such a creative idea !
love the title .
aahhhh !!!
i hope this does really well !
good luck :0 )
Photographer found comment helpful .
awwwww , she looks so lost !
what a perfect photo !
i just wish it was shaper
This is the most most innovative approach to solving the world energy crisis that has been thought of in decades
A presentation given by a US Air Force official may have - temporarily , at least - laid to rest one of the wilder and wackier secret superweapon conspiracy theories of recent times .
The superweapon in question is the dreaded " E- bomb " , aka " Electromagnetic pulse weapon ( EMP ) " " High Power Microwave ( HPM ) " and so on , depending on the exact details .
Most people are familiar with the fact that a nuclear weapon gives off a powerful electromagnetic pulse when detonated .
Just as an ordinary - strength RF transmission induces tiny electrical flows in receiving antennae , a nuclear bomb 's much more intense EMP can cause damaging spikes in exposed electronic circuitry , potentially knackering it .
Ever since the effect was noted , various people have speculated that it would be interesting to use a suitable nuke , not to leave one 's enemy atomised and / or glowing in the dark , but rather to fry all his electronics .
One way of doing so might be to let off the nuke just outside the atmosphere above the location to be EMPed .
The eponymous Russkie space zappers in the Bond flick Goldeneye were supposed to be some kind of E - bomb , for instance .
Not many people have nukes at all , though .
Even fewer have so many of these expensive things that they would expend them handing out a relatively mild electronic love - tap as opposed to actually killing and destroying their enemies .
However , a lot of people think you could generate usefully - powerful electro - zap effects using means short of nukes .
Aviation Week reporter David Fulghum , a veteran electronic - warfare analyst , has long prophesied the advent of the microwave weapon .
Just last January , he wrote that : " High - power microwave weapons may be on the verge of a high - speed turn toward the practical . "
Highly - qualified * Australian aerospace zealot Dr Carlo Kopp has asserted that a poor man 's HPM / EMP bomb driven by ordinary explosives would be a doddle to knock together .
The relative simplicity of the [ e - bomb bits ] suggests that any nation with even a 1940s technology base , once in possession of engineering drawings and specifications for such weapons , could manufacture them .
As an example , the fabrication of an effective [ explosives - driven flux generator ] can be accomplished with basic electrical materials , common plastic explosives such as C - 4 or Semtex , and readily available machine tools ... communications infrastructure in the West will remain a ' soft ' electromagnetic target in the forseeable future ...
With the former CIS suffering significant economic difficulties , the possibility of CIS designed microwave and pulse power technology leaking out to Third World nations or terrorist organisations should not be discounted .
The threat of electromagnetic bomb proliferation is very real .
Holy crap - the goddamn terrorists can slap one of these together , and knock out all of western civilisation Die Hard 4 stylee .
I received an email from a friend with this “ Guide to Hiring Women ” supposedly published in the July 1943 issue of Transportation Magazine .
Apparently , it was written for male supervisors of women in the work force during World War II .
I could n’t quite believe it and decided to dig a little further .
Looks like it is not just spam or a hoax after all !
Snopes.com claims to have verified the legitimacy of the article and has images of the original print version on their site !
All I have to say is , Thank God , I was n’t looking for a job in the 40’s !
Eleven Tips on Getting More Efficiency
Out of Women Employees
There ’s no longer any question whether transit companies should hire women for jobs formerly held by men .
The draft and manpower shortage has settled that point .
The important things now are to select the most efficient women available and how to use them to the best advantage .
Here are eleven helpful tips on the subject from Western Properties : Pick young married women .
They usually have more of a sense of responsibility than their unmarried sisters , they ’re less likely to be flirtatious , they need the work or they would n’t be doing it , they still have the pep and interest to work hard and to deal with the public efficiently .
When you have to use older women , try to get ones who have worked outside the home at some time in their lives .
Older women who have never contacted the public have a hard time adapting themselves and are inclined to be cantankerous and fussy .
It ’s always well to impress upon older women the importance of friendliness and courtesy .
General experience indicates that “ husky ” girls – those who are just a little on the heavy side – are more even tempered and efficient than their underweight sisters .
Retain a physician to give each woman you hire a special physical examination – one covering female conditions .
This step not only protects the property against the possibilities of lawsuit , but reveals whether the employee - to - be has any female weaknesses which would make her mentally or physically unfit for the job .
Stress at the outset the importance of time the fact that a minute or two lost here and there makes serious inroads on schedules .
Until this point is gotten across , service is likely to be slowed up .
Give the female employee a definite day - long schedule of duties so that they ’ll keep busy without bothering the management for instructions every few minutes .
Numerous properties say that women make excellent workers when they have their jobs cut out for them , but that they lack initiative in finding work themselves .
Whenever possible , let the inside employee change from one job to another at some time during the day .
Women are inclined to be less nervous and happier with change .
Give every girl an adequate number of rest periods during the day .
You have to make some allowances for feminine psychology .
A girl has more confidence and is more efficient if she can keep her hair tidied , apply fresh lipstick and wash her hands several times a day .
Be tactful when issuing instructions or in making criticisms .
Women are often sensitive ; they ca n’t shrug off harsh words the way men do .
Never ridicule a woman – it breaks her spirit and cuts off her efficiency .
Be reasonably considerate about using strong language around women .
Even though a girl ’s husband or father may swear vociferously , she ’ll grow to dislike a place of business where she hears too much of this .
Get enough size variety in operator ’s uniforms so that each girl can have a proper fit .
This point ca n’t be stressed too much in keeping women happy .
What the @$^ % ?!!??!!!
Do n't Envy the Successful Entrepreneur - Become One ! "
Like this post ?
Want more great articles ?
Check out our newsletter to receive exclusive content sent only to the select few who subscribe .
We will even start you off with the bonus 10 - part eSeries
In Russia suspended ceiling is not only a stylish element of the flat interior , it can simply save your dwelling from flood made by the careless neighbors living above .
Like in this case the practice shows that it is able to gather and hold all the water .
Now the question is how to pour it off safely .
But just imagine you wake up one morning and your ceilings look like this !
via leeka
