Chinmi : How to Make Shiokara 珍味 : 塩辛の作り 方
Shiokara is made of salted squid semi-fermented in its own guts and is a kind of chinmi , literally ‘ rare taste ’ .
Japanese like shiokara on rice or with sake .
Shiokara is one taste that you might want to miss when you visit Japan , but we show how to make it in this article .
Making Shiokara
Shiokara , like other chinmi in Japan is popular among drinkers , Miwa , a salt devotee loves shiokara on rice .
To make ika - no - shiokara , you just need a fresh squid ( ika ) and salt ( shio ) .
The amount of salt can be varied depending on your taste .
Here are the main steps that are required .
Clean the squid saving the kimo ‘ liver ’ ( digestive gland ) from the internals .
Remove ‘ skin ’ and slice squid body ( and legs if desired ) .
Sprinkle with salt and leave over night .
Pass guts through sieve .
Add sliced squid to pressed salted guts and leave over night .
If available , add thin sliced kombu ( dried kelp ) as well .
Add a small amount of sake and mirin for fragrance .
Allow to ferment for several more days .
Be sure to check out our shiokara series :
How to Clean Squid
How to Make Shiokara ( this article )
How to Eat Shiokara
Shiokara : Squid Digestive Gland Ready for Salt
Shiokara : Sprinkling Salt
Shiokara : Sprinkling Salt
And Then the Telephone Rang
We suddenly got ordered over to Kichisen for Christmas Cake , on the telephone before we left , Miwa asked Mr. Tanigawa about his shiokara recipe .
He told her that he does n’t have any recipes and to just bring over her salted squid and guts and he would check it .
When we arrived , Miwa took out two plates , one of salted sliced squid and the other of salted ‘ liver ’ ( actually a kind of intestine ) which she had dutifully wrapped in furoshiki .
Mr. Tanigawa ordered a disciple out of the kitchen to turn the shiokara ‘ inside out ’ .
The technique here is to put the salted ‘ liver ’ on some kind of wire mesh and push the liquid part into a bowl below with the gland sac remaining on the mesh .
Amount of Salt : Miwa had intended to remove a lot of the salt , the amount shown in the photo below is far too much .
There are two approachs to salting ; sprinkle on a little salt and pass through the sieve or cover the glands in salt , let rest over night , wipe away most salt and then pass through the sieve .
Mr. Tanigawa , who has no recipes , recommends using a small amount of salt to start with ( see second photo above ) and add more later to taste .
With salt , you can always add it , but you can never remove it .
If you can use the salt content of dried kombu , that will give a more mellow and complex taste .
This is a very ‘ Kyoto ’ approach .
Shiokara : Passing Through a Sieve
Shiokara : Passing Through a Sieve
Shiokara : Passing Through a Sieve
Shiokara : Passing Through a Sieve
Shiokara : Passing Through a Sieve
Shiokara : Adding Sliced Squid
On a towel , remove blot off the salt .
Shiokara : Adding Sliced Squid
Shiokara : Adding Sliced Squid
Shiokara : Adding Sliced Squid
Add and stir well .
Shiokara : Adding Sliced Squid
Shiokara : Adding Sliced Squid
Shiokara : Adding Strips of Kombu
Add kombu to mellow and add complexity .
Shiokara : Adding Strips of Kombu
Shiokara : Kichisen Uses French Salt
So , Does Shiokara Taste Good ?
Well , Peko , a devotee of most Japanese chinmi , is actually not a big fan of shiokawa .
So , let ’s wait a few days and get a report from Miwa .
Shiokara : Leftover Digestive Gland Membrane ( Gore )
They cut up the gore and added it to the shiokara too .
You might skip that step .
Kaupthing was nationalised in 2008
The former chief executive of the collapsed Icelandic bank Kaupthing has been arrested , authorities say .
Hreidar Mar Sigurdsson is suspected of embezzlement , trading irregularities , and other breaches of banking laws , the special prosecutor 's office has said .
It is the first high - profile arrest since the country 's financial collapse in 2008 .
Mr Sigurdsson is being held by police until a bail hearing on Friday at the Reykjavik District Court .
Kaupthing , once Iceland 's biggest bank , collapsed under a mountain of debt at the height of the country 's banking crisis .
It was taken over by the government in October 2008 , along with Iceland 's two other biggest banks , Landsbanki and Glitnir .
Prosecutor Olafur Hauksson said Mr Sigurdsson was suspected of falsifying documents , embezzlement , breach of trading laws , market manipulation , and other laws .
Mr Hauksson was appointed by Iceland 's post - crisis government to investigate any criminal activity in the lead up to the crash that has crippled Iceland 's economy .
Britain's Serious Fraud Office is carrying out its own investigation into suspected fraud at Kaupthing , with a focus on the bank 's efforts to attract British investors to its " high yield " deposit account , Kaupthing Edge .
Barely an hour after Special Commandant Ian Miller has run me through precisely what one can expect from some sectors of the great British public when you are dressed up as , to all intents and purposes , the enemy , and I am seeing it for myself , up close and in the rather frazzled flesh .
Though we are on the comparatively calm streets of the City of London , upwardly mobile Fleet Street to be precise ( and one clear travel zone away from proper miscreant youth ) , a couple of inebriated businesswomen are giving us some verbal , which is giving me at least – if not the implacably calm trio of Special Constables within my company tonight – the needle .
The one who just moments earlier had peed in an alley rather than use the fully - functioning nearby WC , is now blowing cigarette smoke in our faces , while her friend chats airily on her iPhone to someone she insists is her " counsel " .
But Miller , a former chartered accountant by day and a Special Constable of 30 years ' standing , is used to dealing with her type .
" We get a lot of drunk and disorderlies around here , " he tells me later , referring to the financial hub 's dense proliferation of pubs and bars , and the pissed - up suits that regularly spill out of them .
" And alcohol always does make everyone so much more ... well , bolshy . "
The call , when it came over the police radio five minutes previously , was an undeniably exciting one for me , a first - time and strictly temporary so - called Special , here to get a flavour of one of the more seemingly worthwhile acts of voluntary service available to us today – keeping our streets safe .
Police radio reported that two women were being held by a taxi driver in his black cab , the very same cab they had hoped to make a quick getaway in without paying their bar bill .
Miller promptly switched on the flashing lights and the pulse - quickening Nee - Naw , and executed an impressively neat U - turn as suddenly the Highway Code became redundant to us .
We raced – but carefully , mind – through successive red lights before pulling up abruptly on a double yellow , and bounding out in a manner more restrained than Bodie and Doyle perhaps , but only just .
" We 've done nothing wrong ! " slurs the alleyway urinator , a power - dressing late thirtysomething full of white wine and indignant opprobrium , and with , she boasts , a background in law .
" That 's not what the bar manager is telling us , " Miller responds .
What happens next is , in truth , somewhat disappointing , if only because it is n't the stuff of , say , The Wire or even Life on Mars .
Nevertheless , it forms an integral part of what being an SC is all about : dealing with the minor offences of the drunk and disorderly .
These two women , three sheets to the wind but claiming otherwise , are coolly tolerated by Miller and his colleagues , Special Superintendent Darren Sevket , a project manager for Barclays by day , and Special Sergeant Jonathan Frost , who works in marketing .
Between them , they patiently but firmly convince the pair that settling the bill of £ 35 should be infinitely more appealing to them than the alternative : a night in the cells .
After more expulsion of cigarette smoke , and a few bored expletives , an American Express is reluctantly handed over , and the bar manager is at last a happy man .
As we climb back into the car and filter into the early - evening traffic , we learn via police radio that that was the 10,171st incident requiring police intervention in the capital since the previous midnight .
" People like to keep us busy , " smiles Darren Sevket .
Though it may be difficult for many of us to comprehend why anyone would willingly choose to become a voluntary representative of a profession many people openly mistrust , or even downright loathe , an increasing number of us are nevertheless doing just that .
There are , perhaps , two main reasons .
The first is purely humanitarian , people wanting to give something back to a community that has served them well ; the second , bluntly , is likely to include a thrill - seeking element .
Few jobs allow us much power and influence over our fellow man .
This one does .
Currently , England and Wales boasts 14,000 voluntary constables who collectively work 2.8 million hours of duty a year .
But the Government is now overseeing a recruitment drive that hopes to push that figure up to 20,000 within the next two years , ideally in time for the Olympics .
It is perhaps unsurprising that the Government is so keen to bolster a perennially understaffed police force in this way : Special Constables , even once training and uniform costs are taken into consideration , come cheap .
The first two years of an SC 's life costs the tax payer just £ 3.60 an hour , which later drops to £ 2.40 .
Little wonder , then , they want more of us to sign up .
" What makes for an ideal Special ? " asks Darren Sevket , who runs training courses here at Bishopsgate Police Station .
" Well , in theory , everyone . "
So long as you do n't have any outstanding warrants against your name , and you are a British or European citizen and a British resident , he continues , anyone over the age of 18 and a half can become a Special ( there is no upper age limit ) .
You can be black or white or somewhere in between , male or female , gay or straight , even transgender .
" Special Constables work hard to represent the very public they serve to protect , " he continues .
" So as much as possible , we want our SCs to represent a wide cross-section of those very people . "
Though SCs are frequently called upon to help the regular police force in times of need – as at the recent G20 riots , for example , or after 7/7 , for which London 's SCs won an award for team effort – many of their duties revolve around fairly unglamorous grunt work , pounding the beat in highly visible numbers , thus making the public feel safe and allowing " real police " , as The Wire would have it , to get on with the highly time - consuming business of building cases and seeing them through the protracted process to court , and ultimately conviction .
But though they frequently work in harmonious tandem , not all " real police " are automatically respectful of their voluntary counterparts .
And this , says blogger - turned - author PC Ellie Bloggs , whose 2007 book , Diary of an On - Call Girl , documented life as a police officer with unflinching honesty , is because they are , in effect , mere " hobby bobbies " .
" Most of them work just one day a week , " she says , " so how could they be anything else ?
To be completely and brutally honest about it , there is sometimes the perception within the regular force that a lot of them have just joined up solely to swan about on their days off in uniform , and have a bit of power . "
She laughs .
" That 's not necessarily a negative , though .
A lot of real officers also joined for that very reason . "
Ultimately , however , they are rarely cut from the same cloth , she argues , and therein lies the problem common to all TV police dramas : assumed superiority versus presumed inferiority .
" Not all police like them , no , it 's true , " she says .
" Special Constables cannot follow cases through to court , for example , and so they cannot really help with investigations .
And many Specials can't even take statements properly because they do n't know how to .
If you can't take a statement , then you do n't fully understand the law . "
And sometimes they can make snap decisions that end up making more work for the regular force .
" That can strain relations , " she says .
That said , she does admit that they can be a valuable extra pair of hands .
" They are unfailingly enthusiastic .
And they do like to arrest .
And because the job is voluntary , there is no shirking among them .
Would I be happier to see more of them out on the streets doing just that ?
Why not ?
The more the merrier , I say . "
I tell her I 'm surprised so many people are willing to do what is a potentially dangerous job .
Is it not counterintuitive to sign up for something that puts us in the line of sometimes very real fire ?
PC Bloggs smiles .
" Skydiving is dangerous , " she says .
" Look , people become SCs because they get an adrenalin kick from being in a uniform , from driving around in a car at speed , and from arresting someone .
If you turn up at a scene , all eyes suddenly fall on you , and on what you are going to do next .
If you do n't like that kind of attention , you are very likely in the wrong job . "
Skydiving is certainly easier to train for , however – because anyone interested in becoming an SC is n't going to become one overnight .
The training process takes two full years , a succession of mental and physical tests held during the evenings and most weekends .
Here at Bishopsgate , they take on just 12 new recruits a year , and of those who do apply , a mere 10 - 12 per cent will pass .
Successful recruits are then expected to give at least 200 hours of duty each year , which translates to approximately four hours a week , usually an evening shift between 6 pm - 11 pm .
But many SCs , Ian Miller says , go on to do much more than that .
" It 's addictive , " he admits , " and for so many reasons .
There is an undeniable sense of giving back to the community , yes , but it is also fascinating and richly rewarding work , and a wonderful leveller .
Friendships develop here between , say , a barrister and a cleaner , where in their day jobs their paths would n't even cross . "
And what of the adrenalin rush that comes naturally with the job ?
Miller , a Scot handy with firearms , smiles .
" Of course , " he says .
" Why else do you think I still pound the beat 30 years into the job ?
It 's not because I have to .
I want to . "
After my brief overview of Special Constable training , we head out on to the streets .
I am not permitted to wear the regulation police jacket myself , which means that access to the Asp ( the modern telescopic truncheon ) , a pair of handcuffs , and a can of CF spray that can do to the eyes and nose what an industrial flame does to a candle , remain safely out of my reach .
I am , however , instructed to wear a reflective windcheater with the word POLICE on the back , and by simple virtue of donning it , I am no longer an ordinary citizen .
I feel taller already .
Twenty minutes after we have dealt with the drunken women , we are called to a pub in Moorgate where another couple of drunks , these two male , are refusing to leave the premises .
En route , Darren Sevket explains that though alcohol can frequently turn people violent , the SC 's best defence is invariably the uniform itself .
" It immediately calms most situations , " he says .
" Even people who profess not to like the police ultimately respect us , or at the very least fear us .
Either way , they see us and most of the tension falls away . "
This is certainly true right now .
The moment we enter the pub , a palpable hush falls on proceedings .
The drunks become instantaneously passive under our gaze and readily agree to leave , issuing apologies as they do .
Over at an adjacent table , meanwhile , four women have become utterly rapt by our very presence , and one of them affords me a smile of unambiguously lascivious intent .
This is what PC Bloggs meant when she talked about the power of the uniform .
I am sorely tempted never to remove it again .
The rest of the evening passes without major incident , an unfortunate state of affairs for the over - eager first - timer , but then as Ian Miller explains , " it 's pouring down with rain , and rain reliably postpones most people 's intent to break the law " .
On many such quiet nights , he says , they are frequently called to help with regular police operations in neighbouring Tower Hamlets , a neighbourhood of London that sometimes needs all the lawful assistance it can get .
But not tonight they do n't , and certainly not with a novice like me on board .
Shortly after 11 o'clock , he drops me off at Liverpool Street Station just as the surrounding pubs are closing for the night , and turfing out the tipsy and the paralytic .
Almost immediately , I spy on the concourse a drunken middle - aged man in a pinstripe suit shouting abuse at a member of train staff , exhibiting all the classic signs of public disorder .
His face is bright purple .
Though I am no longer wearing my hi-res POLICE jacket , I do still have my station visitor badge pinned to my lapel , which at least gives me a whiff of officialdom , a whisper of Clark Kent inclination .
As I watch the argument unfold , the man raising the kind of fist he is more likely to shake than throw , the impulse to intervene becomes unexpectedly strong .
Earlier in the evening , Ian Miller had told me how this job could get under one 's skin .
He 's not far wrong .
Earlier this evening , the Blue Cross Blue Shield Association announced its intention to have all the Blue Cross Blue Shield plans in the country voluntarily extend coverage of adult children in all cases where coverage is set to expire because of age or loss of student status .
That ’s great news for the thousands of young adults set to graduate from college over the next few weeks .
While the new law does n’t require insurers to take this step until September , Blue Cross Blue Shield joins a growing list of insurers choosing to do the right thing and adopt the policy right away .
Other companies stepping up include Wellpoint , United Health , Kaiser Permanente , and Humana .
Just yesterday , Secretary Sebelius sent a letter to health insurers across the country urging them to voluntarily provide this benefit to their eligible customers ahead of the September date .
We ’re gratified to see so many agreeing to do so – and we know that thousands of young adults and their families are , too .
It ’s the right thing to do .
Dan Pfeiffer is White House Communications Director
Ever dreamed of seeing what the Street Fighter characters would look like if they were zombies ?
Well consider your dreams answered !
Also , consider having some better dreams .
The zombies created by concept artist from Manuel Augusto Dischinger Moura ( or Manuhell for brevity 's sake ) go a step further - they know Kung Fu and other crazy martial arts .
The 27 - year - old from SÃ£o Paulo , Brazil has taken some characters from a popular fighting game and given them a zombie makeover .
While most women would argue the zombie makeover is one of the worst ones you can get ( what do you mean you 're gonna pluck one of my eyes out ? ! ) , I actually know a couple girls whose looks might actually improve .
I 'm looking at you , Susan !
Well , not literally because I 'm afraid I 'll turn to stone but I am nodding in your direction .
Hit the jump for a whole bunch more .
Oh really , you 'd still take your chances with Chun Li and Cammy ?
Shocking .
Manuel 's CGHub Page
via
Zombie Street Fighters [ onelargeprawn ]
Thanks to sham , who once drew super - realistic Mortal Kombat zombies and could n't sleep for three days .
Reminds me of the first vagina I ever drew .
LENEXA , Kan . —
It was the final session for the women at Westside Family Church ’s Victory Over Porn Addiction group , and the youngest member , a 17 - year - old named Kelsie , had not had a good week .
“ I slipped two nights this week , ” she said , to nods of support from the other women in the group .
“ I decided that every time I ’m tempted I ’ll just let everything out to God , ” she said , “ then pray specifically for someone else , do selfless acts , to get away from being selfish . ”
The group ’s leader , Crystal Renaud , offered gentle counsel .
“ Pray for yourself , too , ” she said .
To the wide array of programs offered by evangelical megachurches like Westside , the group adds what Ms. Renaud says is something long overdue .
While churches have addressed pornography use among the men in their congregations and among the clergy , a group for women who say they are addicted to pornography is new territory , she said .
“ In the Christian culture , women are supposed to be the nonsexual ones , ” said Ms. Renaud , who also runs an Internet site called Dirty Girls Ministries , choosing the name to attract people searching for pornography .
“ It ’s an injustice that the church is not more open about physical sexuality .
God created sex .
But the enemy has twisted it . ”
Anybody who has sat through the incredibly painful Metallica documentary Some Kind of Monster knows that James Hetfield is a recovering alcoholic .
Now , he 's decided to take it a step further .
In the latest issue of Metallica 's fan club magazine , So What , James declares himself straight - edge :
Advertisement .
Scroll to continue reading .
SO WHAT : ( Caught by a tattoo ) … that 's a new one , right ?
Sorry - James : Straight edge ?
Yeah .
SO WHAT : You 're not getting away with the last comment , incidentally .
We 'll have to go back to that .
But anyways , the straight edge X. James : Right .
Well , straight edge , this was certainly a design of my own .
You know , the old straight edge tattoo , it 's just like a big X on your hand .
No drinking , and I do n't drink .
It 's like when you go into the clubs , they put and X on your hand …
Advertisement .
Scroll to continue reading .
SO WHAT : Right .
It 's because you have n't shown your ID .
James :
And I do n't need drink or drugs .
That 's straight edge life .
Obviously I 'm not straight edge – a true , hardcore straight edge has never had any of it in her or her whole life .
But I 'm a reborn straight edge .
SO WHAT : I always associated Minor Threat and Ian MacKaye and those guys with straight edge punk .
That 's what they were all about .
James : Absolutely .
There 's some hardcore people that are straight edge from birth .
So this was my take on the straight edge X , you know ?
Straight razors .
A straight edge , is what that was all about .
Advertisement .
Scroll to continue reading .
Hey , whatever works for James !
It 's good to see he is taking his sobriety seriously .
Personally , I think the concept behind " straight - edge " is not a bad one at all .
There is nothing wrong with deciding to exclude drugs and alcohol from your body .
It 's your choice .
The problem comes from trying to impose such beliefs on others .
You do n't tell me to stay clean and I 'll make sure the joint does n't get passed your way !
In closing , here 's a closeup of the razors edge tattoo …
Not to be confused with this razor 's edge
[ via Double Cross ]
May 2 , 2010  --
The would - be car - bomber who left an SUV loaded with propane and gas cans , fireworks and timing devices on a Times Square street also had more than 100 pounds of fertilizer , but not the kind that would explode , police said today .
Instead of ammonium nitrate , the kind of fertilizer used by Oklahoma City bomber Timothy McVeigh , the person who abandoned the van on the crowded New York City street had a metal gun locker full of a harmless fertilizer , New York City Police Department spokesman Paul Browne said .
While it is unknown who the potential bomber is , or the bomber 's motive , officials told ABC , that if that person were not aware of the characteristics of the fertilizer it could point to the fact that the bomber did not know what he was doing .
Sources also told ABC
News that the valves on the propane tanks were not open , which would have made it less likely that the gas inside would have ignited .
Police are looking for white male in his 40s who was seen leaving the area near the SUV and shedding a dark shirt , revealing a red shirt underneath , about a half block from where survellance cameras saw the vehicle entering Times Square at about 6:28 p.m. Saturday , NYPD Commissioner Ray Kelly said .
The video of the possible suspect was expected to be released later today .
The individual was looking around in a furtive manner , Kelly said , but he also stressed that the behavior could be totally innocent .
At a Sunday afternoon press conference , Kelly said police would be reviewing hundreds of hours of videotape , and that police had identified the owner of the green Nissan Pathfinder but had not yet spoken to them .
Detectives are in Pennsylvania today meeting with tourists who think they may have captured a suspect on video .
Kelly said " no evidence " supports the Pakistani Taliban 's claim of responsibilty for the bombing , but he said investigators had not yet ruled out either domestic or international motives for the attempted attack .
" Clearly it was the intent of whoever did this to cause mayhem and create casualties , " Kelly said .
" It was just a sober reminder that New York is clearly a target of people who want to come here and do us harm . "
At about 2 p.m. Sunday , NYPD opened the 55 - by - 32 - inch gun locker that was inside the SUV and found it contained eight bags of an unknown , fertilizer - like substance and an inverted pot with a " bird 's nest " of wires .
There were three propane tanks next to the gun locker , two five - gallon jerry cans of gasoline , and a timing device , police officials said .
There was no high - grade explosive , and the timing device was clocks attached to wires .
Attached to the propane tanks were M88 fireworks , some of which had gone off , but without igniting the gas .
One alarm clock appeared to be wired into the gun locker .
Another alarm clock was wired to a can with up to 30 M88 firecrackers resting between the cans of gasoline .
Kelly said it was too early to determine whether the device was crude or not .
" The system was workable , " he said .
" The materials are in doubt . "
In response to the incident , the Transportation Safety Administration began some additional security measures at East Coast airports this morning .
Many of the actions focused on vehicle - borne devices and other improvised devices and included more bomb - sniffing dog sweeps and vehicle checks .
The Department of Homeland Security also provided intelligence to federal air marshals for domestic and international flights and to customs and border officials .
A bulletin summarizing the incident was also sent to the nation 's 18,000 law enforcement agencies .
Times Square Car Bomb -- Tracking the Vehicle
The Connecticut license plate on the car does not match the vehicle , and investigators have spoken to the individual to whom the plates are registered , according to Kelly .
That license plate ultimately was traced to a Connecticut junkyard , officials said .
The car bomb was discovered when a T - shirt vendor saw something suspicious -- smoke coming from an unoccupied SUV on 45th Street near 7th Avenue -- so he alerted police .
The tip led to what New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg called an " amateurish " - looking car bomb that Secretary of Homeland Security Janet Napolitano told ABC News '
" This Week " might have been part of a " one -off " attack .
The 6:30 p.m. scare prompted police to evacuate thousands of people from the heart of the Big Apple during one of its busiest times -- a warm Saturday night when it was packed with theatergoers and tourists .
" We are very lucky , " Bloomberg said .
" Thanks to alert New Yorkers and professional police officers , we avoided what could [ have been ] a very deadly event . "
Authorities were examining security cameras and other evidence to see if they could identify a possible suspect or motive -- and already had located video of the car being driven to the scene .
" Right now , we have no evidence that this was anything but a one - off " attack , Napolitano told " This Week " this morning .
" Tape is being reviewed and additional forensics are being done in addition to that , " she added .
" Times Square , I think , now is safe . "
President Obama was being kept informed on the investigation by Deputy National Security Advisor John Brennan , who was communicating with the New York Police Department and other investigators , the White House announced Saturday evening .
" This is a bomb .
This is a car bomb -- a crude device that includes gasoline , propane and is wired together , " Browne said Saturday night .
" The wiring ... looked amateurish , I think , is a nice way to phrase it , " Bloomberg added early today .
" It was made up of consumer - grade fireworks that you can buy in Pennsylvania and drive into New York .
" It certainly could have exploded and had a pretty big fire , and a decent amount of explosive impact , " Bloomberg said .
Richard Clarke , a former counterterrorism czar under Presidents Clinton and Bush , told ABC News ' " Good Morning America " that he expects to see an arrest in the case .
" You can be pretty certain this guy will be found , " he said , " because of all the videotapes , because the bomb not [ fully ] going off left a wealth of evidence . "
He suggested the incident shows how an alert populace can help foil an attack .
" It 's a reminder to all of us , whether we 're in airports or train stations , subways , if we do see something that looks a little suspicious , it 's much better to call it in than to have the guilt afterwards that you didn't , " Clarke said .
' See Something , Say Something ' Is a Security Mantra That Worked
The T - shirt vendor , who 's a Vietnam veteran , noticed smoke coming from the vehicle at around 6:30 p.m. Saturday and notified a mounted police officer .
" It was just sitting there and there was nobody sitting there and the hazards were on and nobody 's in there , " said another vendor , Rallis Gialaboukis , who saw the whole thing .
" I think that by putting the hazards on might have made people think that it was stalled or it was overheating . "
The mounted officer noticed a smoking box in the back of the Nissan Pathfinder , police said .
The New York Police Department 's bomb squad was called in , and the back window of the SUV was broken out .
Police sent in a robot to determine what was in the vehicle .
While the bomb squad robot was checking out the vehicle , the NYPD quickly blocked off 44th Street through 48th .
Bomb technicians from the FBI 's New York office were called to the scene to assist the NYPD Bomb Squad in the investigation .
Shortly after 7 p.m. , witnesses told WABC - TV they heard an explosion , then saw smoke coming from the car .
" It was a boom and a puff of smoke , " one man said .
" I saw people running , turning tables , " Paula Delarrosa said .
A live webcam feed at 46th Street and Broadway Saturday evening showed the streets had been cleared of pedestrians .
A line of police cars blocked one street and officers paced on a sidewalk .
In the hours that followed , Broadway remained empty .
" I came to dinner , " said visitor Tony Rosenthal .
" We were going to go see the show ' Come Fly Away ' at the Marquis Theater , and the street 's closed .
I do n't know if we 'll be able to see the show . "
Another observer , Joy Adler , said , " It 's pretty scary .
I mean , this is really scary .
You hear about it on TV and to actually see it , very scary . "
Times Square Bomb Similar to London Cases ?
The New York case may not be the first of its type , Clarke told " Good Morning America . "
Days before an attempted car bomb attack at an airport in Glasgow , Scotland in June 2007 , devices similar to the one in New York , using propane tanks and gasoline , were planted in two cars in downtown London but failed to explode .
" In that case , it was made by Islamic jihadists who were not part of the al Qaeda but had learned about al Qaeda , studied it on the Internet , learned how to make the bomb on the Internet , " Clarke said .
As in New York , the first London vehicle was discovered when a passerby noticed smoke coming from the back seat of the vehicle .
The other car unwittingly was towed for being parked illegally and the bomb was discovered later .
ABC News ' Ron Claiborne , Jim Sciutto and Aaron Katersky contributed to this report
The White House is likely to delay the withdrawal of the first large phase of combat troops from Iraq for at least a month after escalating bloodshed and political instability in the country .
General Ray Odierno , the US commander , had been due to give the order within 60 days of the general election held in Iraq on 7 March , when the cross-sectarian candidate Ayad Allawi edged out the incumbent leader , Nouri al - Maliki .
American officials had been prepared for delays in negotiations to form a government , but now appear to have balked after Maliki 's coalition aligned itself with the theocratic Shia bloc to the exclusion of Allawi , who attracted the bulk of the minority Sunni vote .
There is also concern over interference from Iraq 's neighbours , Iran , Turkey and Syria .
Late tonight seven people were killed and 22 wounded when a car bomb planted outside a cafe exploded in Baghdad 's Sadr City , a Shia area , police and a source at the Iraqi interior ministry said .
The latest bomb highlights how sectarian tensions are rising , as al - Qaida fighters in Iraq and affiliated Sunni extremists have mounted bombing campaigns and assassinations around the country .
The violence is seen as an attempt to intimidate all sides of the political spectrum and press home the message to the departing US forces that militancy remains a formidable foe .
Odierno has kept a low profile since announcing the deaths of al - Qaida 's two leaders in Iraq , Abu Omar al - Baghdadi and Abu Ayub al - Masri , who were killed in a combined Iraqi - US raid on 18 April .
The operation was hailed then as a near fatal blow against al - Qaida , but violence has intensified ever since .
All US combat forces are due to leave Iraq by 31 August , a date the Obama administration is keen to observe as the president sends greater reinforcements to fight the Taliban in Afghanistan – a campaign he has set apart from the Iraq war , by describing it as " just " .
Iraqi leaders remain adamant that combat troops should leave by the deadline .
But they face the problem of not having enough troops to secure the country if the rejuvenated insurgency succeeds in sparking another lethal round of sectarian conflict .
" The presence of foreign forces sent shock waves through Iraqis , " said Hoshyar Zebari , the foreign minister .
" And at the beginning it was a terrifying message that they did n't dare challenge .
But then they got emboldened through terrorism and acts of resistance .
And as the Americans are leaving , we are seeing more of it . "
Zebari said Iraq 's neighbours were taking full advantage of the political stalemate .
He also hinted that they may be directly backing the violence .
" They too have been emboldened , because we have n't been able to establish a viable unified government that others can respect , " he said .
" In one way or another , Iran , Turkey and Syria are interfering in the formation of this government .
" There is a lingering fear [ among some neighbouring states ] that Iraq should not reach a level of stability .
The competition over the future of Iraq is being played out mostly between Turkey and Iran .
They both believe they have a vested interest here . "
The withdrawal order is eagerly awaited by the 92,000 US troops still in Iraq – they mostly remain confined to their bases .
This month Odierno was supposed to have ordered the pullout of 12,500 , a figure that was meant to escalate every week between now and 31 August , when only 50,000 US troops are set to remain – all of them non-combat forces .
US patrols are now seldom seen on the streets of Baghdad , where the terms of a security agreement between Baghdad and Washington are being followed strictly : this relegates them to secondary partners and means US troops cannot leave their bases without Iraqi permission .
US commanders have grown accustomed to being masters of the land no longer , but they have recently grown increasingly concerned about what they will leave behind .
Zebari said : " The mother of all mistakes that they made was changing their mission from liberation to occupation and then legalising that through a security council resolution . "
Earlier this week , Allawi warned that the departing US troops had an obligation enshrined in the security agreement and at the United Nations security council to safeguard Iraq 's democratic process .
He warned of catastrophic consequences if the occupation ended with Iraq still politically unstable .
Police began installing 77 more closed circuit security cameras around downtown Toronto Friday in preparation for the upcoming G20 summit .
They will remain up and in use until “ the completion of the event , when there ’s no longer an issue of security , ” said Toronto police Const .
Wendy Drummond .
The cameras are “ similar to other ones we ’ve deployed in the past , ” Drummond said .
“ They ’re going to be very recognizable .
They will be clearly marked with ‘ police ’ on them . ”
Drummond said the installations will occur over the next few weeks , with the first cameras going up Friday along Adelaide St .
The exact locations will be disclosed to the public once they are installed , Drummond said .
Police will use the CCTV cameras to record and “ relay visual information about an event unfolding in a given area over time . ”
The cameras come in addition to 18 that had been installed in the Entertainment District prior to preparations for the G20 .
Each will have a prominent sign listing a phone number for people to call with questions or concerns , Drummond said .
“ They ’re very recognizable , ” she said .
“ There will be no confusion over what they are . ”
The G20 summit will take place June 26 - 27 at the Metro Convention Centre .
Drummond said installation of the cameras is governed by police procedures , the Criminal Code and the Municipal Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act .
The cameras are also in compliance with guidelines outlined by the Information and Privacy Commissioner of Ontario , she said .
ESSEX FELLS
--
At the age of 91 , Robert Nevius bravely fought two young attackers in his Essex Fells home on Wednesday before being beaten , stabbed and strangled , prosecutors said yesterday .
Acting Essex County Prosecutor Robert Laurino said Nevius , a World War II veteran , put up a “ fierce struggle ” when he was attacked by a fill - in chauffeur , Reginald Anthony , 28 , and a second man identified as Shaun Woodson , 24 .
The two men , both from East Orange , stole an undisclosed amount of jewelry , prosecutors said .
Previous coverage :
• Second suspect is charged in killing of 91 - year - old Essex Fells man
• East Orange chauffeur is charged with killing 91 - year - old Essex Fells man
• Man found dead in Essex Fells home could be first homicide in borough in more than 40 years
Essex Fells police chief Vincent Kulik , who described himself as a friend of Nevius , said he was not surprised by the fight he gave his attackers .
“ For 91 years old , he was not frail , ” Kulik said .
“ He probably looked like he was 60 .
His frame was that of a man in his late 40s . ”
The attack occurred on Wednesday night , hours after Anthony had transported the victim ’s wife , Janet , to the couple ’s co-op apartment in New York City .
Anthony , whose aunt was the Nevius ’ regular chauffeur for 12 years , was arrested on Thursday at home .
Woodson was arrested on Friday at home .
“ It does appear to be a crime of opportunity , ” Laurino said at the Essex County Veterans Courthouse .
“ One of the defendants happened to be the chauffeur that afternoon and knew ( Nevius ) was alone and therefore took advantage of that opportunity . ”
Both suspects are being held in the Essex County Correctional Facility and are charged with murder , robbery and weapons offenses .
Anthony is being held on $ 1 million bail , while Woodson is being held on $ 1.5 million bail .
An arraignment is expected this week , according to Katherine Carter , spokeswoman for the Essex County Prosecutor ’s Office .
Both face life in prison if convicted .
Laurino said Essex Fells police were summoned at 8:40 a.m.
Thursday after friends and family were not able to contact Nevius .
Nevius ’ lifeless body was found with his hands and feet bound .
Nevius also had a stab wound to the neck , although no weapon has been recovered .
An autopsy determined he died of blunt force trauma and strangulation .
Although there were no signs of forced entry , the Nevius ’ home had been ransacked .
Laurino did not disclose the approximate value of the jewelry stolen but did say some of it had been recovered .
Authorities are still investigating whether cash was taken from the home .
The death marked the first homicide in Essex Fells since 1969 .
Kulik said Nevius , who went by his middle name of “ Foster , ” was involved in the landing operations of the Allied invasion of Normany in World War II .
He was also known to enjoy monthly lunch gatherings with other town retirees at various homes .
Kulik spoke at one of these lunches earlier this year , sitting next to Nevius .
“ He was a good man , ” Kulik said .
“ We took this very , very personally . ”
Nevius and his wife , Janet Dryden - Nevius , were known to be philanthropic .
They contributed to the Cope Center in Montclair and raised money for various foundations .
Nevius was an executive for a marine engineering and electronics manufacturing firm in Chatham .
He and his wife were members of the Essex Fells Country Club and appeared on Manhattan ’s black - tie socialite circuit .
They also belonged to the Metropolitan Club , a venerable social institution that was founded by J.P. Morgan and boasts gilded ballrooms and sweeping views of Central Park .
Janet Dryden - Nevius has been a trustee of the New Jersey Historical Society , a member of the National Association of Scholars of Princeton and executive vice president of the United Nations Development Hospitality Committee .
Anthony had served as a driver for the Nevius family once before , Laurino said .
Laurino did not disclose the name of their longtime chauffeur , but did say she cooperated in the investigation .
Anthony has served two separate state prison terms since 2004 and was released in 2008 , according to state Department of Corrections records .
Anthony was also charged with aggravated assault on a police officer and several other offenses stemming from a 2003 incident when he and four others allegedly stole a car from an apartment complex and crashed it into a South Orange police cruiser .
Woodson was released from East Jersey State Prison in Rahway in January after serving a five - year sentence for robbery .
Radium Cures
High blood pressure ...cancer...goitre...stomach trouble...arthritis...neuritis...female trouble...rheumatism... kidney trouble...constipation...excema...piles ... and more !
Radium cures , which reached their pinnacle of popularity in the U.S. during the 1920's , promised to remedy these diseases , restore youthful vigor , and revitalize an ailing sex life .
Our radium case contains the Cosmos Bag , bottles of Radithor , the Rator - Plac , Revigators , fiestaware , and a geiger counter .
( Photos by B. and J. Gaukel. large image 18 K )
Fiestaware ?
We do n't collect pottery but were asked to display red fiestaware to warn folks .
In 1943 , when the U.S. was developing the atomic bomb , the government was surprised to learn that a pottery maker was buying significant amounts of uranium !
The glaze in red fiestaware made prior to 1943 contains small amounts of radioactive material .
The Cosmos Bag , 1928
Manufactured by Henry Cosmos , the cloth bag made of course cotton contains a small amount of low grade radioactive ore .
It was applied to rheumatic and arthritic joints .
Radium Water Cures
Radioactive water , popular in the 1920's , was consumed by doctors and patients alike .
Radioactive water is said to have a tonic effect .
The Revigator , a crock lined with radiactive ore , was used to produce radioactive water at home .
One scientist estimates that water left in these crocks overnight was five times as radioactive as the maximum recommended for well water today .
Radithor : Pre-mixed Radium Water
Radithor was pre-mixed radium water manufactured in New Jersey by W. J. A. Bailey during the 1920's .
Bailey called it " A Cure for the Living Dead " meaning a cure for mental illness and retardation .
One of Radithor 's fans was Eben Beyers , a steel tycoon in Pittsburg .
Mr. Beyers drank 1400 bottles of Radithor and became so seriously ill with radium poisoning that portions of his mouth and jaw were surgically removed before he died in 1931 .
His death , noted on the front page of the New York Times , marked the beginning of the end of the popular radium water cures .
Radium segment from " Quackery Gallery " :
Radium Links
Devices and Potions
History and Science
*
previous next
HOME | INDEX | DEVICES | VIDEO | GIFT SHOP
QUACKS | EPHEMERA |LINKS|
There are many different reasons why you should seriously consider getting a credit card , especially if you are a young person .
These days having a credit card is n’t just a good idea , it ’s pretty much a necessity .
Improve your Credit History and Score
One of the primary reasons that you should look into getting a credit card as soon as possible is that doing so can actually help improve your credit history and score .
If you do n’t have any credit history or a low score and want to improve it , a credit card can be an effective solution .
By consistently making payments on your credit card on time , you will be able to slowly but surely improve your overall score .
A good credit score can mean not having to pay quite as much on insurance products as well as loans , so it is well worth it .
Buying Online
Another reason why you should at least consider applying for a credit card is that it can actually save you money on your purchases .
You can get some amazing deals online if you have a credit card .
These days more and more people are purchasing things on the internet , and using a credit card to do it can save you a significant amount of money .
Many websites require a credit card for you to purchase products from them , which is all the more reason to get one soon .
Emergency Funds
A credit card can also provide you with funds in an emergency when you really need to pay for something important right away .
If you absolutely cannot wait to get money for some crucial expense that has suddenly come up , a credit card can be a real life saver .
Whether it is a car repair , home repair or even a medical bill , a credit card can provide you with the funds you need in a pinch .
A lot of people who have credit cards are glad they got one for this reason alone .
The last thing you want is to have some emergency expense and no way of paying for it .
Earn Rewards
You will likely be able to earn various types of rewards just by using your credit card , such as airline miles and other things .
The more you use your card , the more rewards points you will get .
These rewards can really add up over time , so you will need to keep that in mind when deciding whether or not to apply for a credit card .
A Convenient History of your Purchases
If you are n’t any good at keeping track of all your receipts from purchases you have made , a credit card will provide you with a much easier way to do this .
Those who have a credit card will provide you with a detailed summary of your spending each month , so you do n’t have to worry about keeping track of this yourself .
You can use these records as a way of establishing a monthly budget for yourself , which is very important for a number of reasons .
Your credit card company will send you a statement each month with a history of your transactions that you can look over .
You can even choose to have this statement sent to you via email .
You do n’t have to worry about losing cash
When you have a credit card you wo n’t need to worry about losing your cash when you are travelling .
It ’s probably not a good idea to carry around a significant amount of cash with you anyway , which is all the more reason why a credit card is a good idea .
If you lose your credit card or get it stolen , you can and should immediately cancel it .
This way you wo n’t have to worry about any person who might find it using it to rack up charges .
Interest - free Money
There is a period of time between when you make a purchase with your credit card and when you pay off your card that you actually earn money , but only if your money is in an interest - bearing account .
This is definitely one thing that you will need to remember .
Merchant Protection
One of the great things about buying things with a credit card is that you have merchant protection .
If you purchase something with cash and the seller does n’t come through , you really do n’t have any options at all .
If you pay with a credit card , you will have recourse to get your money back if the seller scammed you in some way .
All you have to do is call the credit card company and dispute the charge .
The credit card company will open an investigation and issue you a chargeback if they rule in your favour .
Most times you can get your money back if a seller does n’t come through for you in some way .
Attorneys General Upset That Craigslist Is Profiting From Procedure He Forced Craigslist To Put In Place
from the banging - your - head - on - the - virtual - wall dept
" I believe Craigslist acted irresponsibly when it unilaterally decided to keep the profits from these posts , " Mr. Blumenthal wrote in the letter ...
Thank you for reading this Techdirt post .
With so many things competing for everyone ’s attention these days , we really appreciate you giving us your time .
We work hard every day to put quality content out there for our community .
Techdirt is one of the few remaining truly independent media outlets .
We do not have a giant corporation behind us , and we rely heavily on our community to support us , in an age when advertisers are increasingly uninterested in sponsoring small , independent sites — especially a site like ours that is unwilling to pull punches in its reporting and analysis .
While other websites have resorted to paywalls , registration requirements , and increasingly annoying / intrusive advertising , we have always kept Techdirt open and available to anyone .
But in order to continue doing so , we need your support .
We offer a variety of ways for our readers to support us , from direct donations to special subscriptions and cool merchandise — and every little bit helps .
Thank you .
– The Techdirt Team
The grandstanding of some Attorneys General never ceases -- even when they created the " problem " they 're now grandstanding against .
Case in point : Connecticut Attorney General Richard Blumenthal and his crusade against Craigslist .
Two years ago , Blumenthal blamed Craigslist for prostitution ads that appear on the site .
Blumenthal , as the state Attorney Generalknow about the law , right ?
Heknow that he has no legal basis for this complaint , and that under Section 230 of the CDA , Craigslist is not liable for the actions of its users .
In fact , legal attempts to pin the blame for such ads on Craigslist have been quickly dismissed on just those grounds .
Even more importantly , from astandpoint , Blumenthal should realize that when police work with Craigslist in partnership , they 're able to use it as an effective tool to track down lawbreakers who use the site .
But that does n't get headlines .
Instead , Blumenthal , based on no legal basis whatsoever , used his soapbox ( along with some other attorneys general ) to get Craigslist to changing its policies on " adult " advertisements .
Whereas , previously , those ads had been free , Craigslist now required that anyone putting up such ads pay for them with a valid credit card , eliminating many of the ads and making it much , much easier to track down whoever placed them in the first place .
You would think that would make the AGs happy .
Six months later , however , the AGs were still upset , and got Craigslist to change again , boosting the fee on such ads from $ 5 to $ 10 and reviewing more of the ads .
Almost all of these moves came in response to public posturing and baseless legal threats from Blumenthal .
So what 's he doing now ?
He 's apparently doing more public posturing and issuing more baseless legal threats , because Craigslist stands to make an awful lot of money from these ads -- the very same ads that Craigslist only started charging forYes , and I believe Blumenthal acted irresponsibly when he put bogus grandstanding pressure on Craigslist to put in place the tollbooth in the first place .
At what point does he recognize that Craigslist is n't the target here .
It 's the people using Cragslist to break the law -- and that Craigslist is more than willing to help law enforcement track down those law breakers ?
Filed Under : attorney general , connecticut
Companies : craigslist
When most people think of solar cells they picture the rigid glass panels that dot rooftops around the world .
But the solar cells of the future will be much more adaptable , with researchers already succeeding in creating highly absorbing flexible solar cells that can be printed on plastic .
Now researchers at MIT have gone one step further with the development of the first solar cell printed on paper .
Printed solar cell
The solar cell coated paper was unveiled at a press conference on Tuesday held to celebrate the opening of the Eni-MIT Solar Frontiers Center ( SFC ) that was built to promote research in advanced solar technologies .
According to CNET , the new solar cells are created by coating paper with organic semiconductor material using a process similar to an inkjet printer .
The MIT researchers used carbon - based dyes to “ print ” the cells , which are about 1.5 to 2 percent efficient at converting sunlight to electricity .
That falls well short of the more than 40 percent efficiency record for a multi-junction solar cell , or even the recent 19 percent efficiency record for silicon ink - based solar cells .
But Vladimir Bulovic , director of the Eni-MIT Solar Frontiers Research Center , told CNET any material could be used to print onto the paper solar cells if it was deposited at room temperature .
It will still be some time before solar cells can be installed with a staple gun , however , as the paper variety are still in the research phase and are years from being commercialized .
Eni-MIT Solar Frontiers Center ( SFC )
The printed solar cells were just one of the new technologies that have already resulted from the alliance between MIT and Italian multinational oil and gas company Eni , which was signed in February 2008 .
That alliance was followed by the announcement in July 2008 of the Eni-MIT SFC that promotes research in advanced solar technologies through projects ranging from new materials to hydrogen production from solar energy .
The first two years of the Eni-MIT alliance has also seen other significant breakthroughs including :
Construction of the first ultra - flexible solar cell ;
Advances in the production of virus - based metal contacts for solar cells ;
Development of solar cells that mimic the photosynthetic process ;
Advances in the understanding of how photosynthesis splits water molecules ;
Construction of a prototype to maximize return on investment in solar thermal plants using parabolic mirrors for sustainable deployment of concentrating solar power .
The alliance between Eni and MIT has a duration of five years and involves a financial commitment from Eni for US $ 50 million in total , equally distributed between the Solar Frontiers program and the MIT Energy Initiative ( MITEI ) – so we should be able to look forward to even more breakthroughs in the coming years .
Via : CNET .
May 6 , 2010 | 7:42 pm
A gun battle erupted near Dockweiler State Beach on Thursday afternoon after reputed gang members came to the coast in a rented stretch Hummer limousine to celebrate so - called Hood Day , according to police .
Two people were injured -- one hit by gunfire and another struck and dragged by the limo after it was riddled with bullet holes , the Los Angeles Police Department said .
The Hummer had ferried about eight reputed gang members , along with several female companions , to the beach to celebrate the founding of their group , the LAPD said .
Police said the violence broke out after the group encountered rival gang members about 3 p.m. near the 7300 block of Vista del Mar Lane .
Words were exchanged , a scuffle broke out and shots were fired , the LAPD said .
A gun battle erupted near Dockweiler State Beach on Thursday afternoon after reputed gang members came to the coast in a rented stretch Hummer limousine to celebrate so - called Hood Day , according to police .
Two people were injured -- one hit by gunfire and another struck and dragged by the limo after it was riddled with bullet holes , the Los Angeles Police Department said .
The Hummer had ferried about eight reputed gang members , along with several female companions , to the beach to celebrate the founding of their group , the LAPD said .
Police said the violence broke out after the group encountered rival gang members about 3 p.m. near the 7300 block of Vista del Mar Lane .
Words were exchanged , a scuffle broke out and shots were fired , the LAPD said .
" There was a little bit of a gunfight , " said Sgt. Ron Pickering of the LAPD 's Pacific Division .
" People scattered and the limo driver took off . "
The vehicle was hit by about half a dozen bullets , police said .
As the vehicle left , it struck and dragged a man .
His name was not released .
He was in critical condition .
Another victim , described as a male in his 30s , was shot in the chest and was in stable condition , according to police .
Police stopped the Hummer on the 105 Freeway east of Vermont Avenue in South Los Angeles .
About eight suspected members of the Blood Stone Villains and Compton Piru gangs and several female friends were inside , according to the LAPD .
Pickering said the driver was detained and several other people were booked on outstanding warrants not related to the shooting .
The case was under investigation .
- Andrew Blankstein and Robert J. Lopez
« Go back a post || Return to G - A - Y homepage || Haul tail to next post »
05/26/2010
The big ' Sex ' wedding : Feel free to let your mind stray
by Jeremy Hooper
Yes , it 's ridiculous that Liza officiates the same - sex wedding .
Yet despite early trepidation , I actually ended up being pretty okay with the way her cameo is handled .
This is a series of films that prides itself in being over - the - top .
Sex and the City 2 , in particular , trades down on some of the original series ' understated charms while drastically ratcheting up the sparkle .
So if the creatives want to take certain gay clichés and stereotypes and blow them up for the purposes of fun , fantasy filmmaking , then fine .
Plus Liza is both an NY and gay icon , which does fit into Carrie Bradshaw 's whole Manhattan - go - lightly realm .
The gay choir singing show tunes ?
The white - on - eggshell - on - ecru opulence ( replete with swans ) ?
The Busby Berkeley staging ?
Liza 's ridonkulous take on " Single Ladies " ?
Sure , okay , whatever .
This film is being billed as a summer romp -- romp away !
For the most part , the stereotype stuff is done gently enough .
And let 's be real :
There is truth in the opulence meme , especially in urban areas .
In fact , when the camera pulled back and showed the expanse of the wedding space for the first time , the gay man sitting next to me at my Upper West Side screening whispered to his companion that this is exactly the kind of wedding that he wants for himself .
So as for all this gay grandiosity , as interpreted by a summer popcorn flick 's lens ?
Okay , I can certainly shut my mind off and go along with most all of it , even if ( a ) not really all that entertained by any of it , and ( b ) finding myself longing for a past day when the creators trusted that audience 's minds as much as ( if not more than ) their eyes .
But here 's what I absolutely hated .
As in loathed .
As in , might have thrown my Sprite at the celluloid had I not have been at a packed screening .
It 's the moment when ...
... SPOILER ALERT ...
... the Anthony Marentino character ( Mario Cantone ) quite matter - of - factly states , just minutes before his own wedding , that he himself hates the styling of the marital space , but that he has allowed his intended , Stanford Blatch ( Willie Garson ) , to have whatever kind of grandiose ceremonial appointing he wants , just as long as he , Anthony , is allowed to " cheat " ( his word ) in their marriage .
Yes , that 's right :
What will most surely become the most visible same - sex wedding in modern American filmmaking has one half of the couple saying there 's the possibility that he might hookup with someone else before the newly wedded duo even reaches their honeymoon .
And Anthony says all this while .
greeting .
guests .
at. his .
own . wedding !
Then , when Carrie ( Sarah Jessica Parker ) goes off and asks best buddy Stanford about it , he confirms that yes , it 's true , but that he 'll only allow it in the 45 states that do n't recognize gay marriages .
Now , this adds another layer of annoyance , not only because the comment handles the whole situation in such an incredibly flighty , flippant way , but also because the " 45 that do n't recognize " figure is technically incorrect .
While only 5 states perform same - sex marriages , 6 states and the District of Columbia fully recognize them .
So ironically , the one state they seem to be leaving off their list is , yep , you guessed it : SATC 's treasured NEW YORK , where same - sex unions are recognized but not performed .
What a cheat !
It 's in the first twenty minutes of the film that this whole " cheat " pre-nup chatter happens .
Personally , I could n't help but wonder :
What the f**k ?!?
And the thing is :
The writers do n't even use a phrase like " open relationship , " which would imply that both parties are into it .
They do n't suggest that there 's a mutual support system going on , which would be a whole other narrative .
Instead , writer Michael Patrick King -- a gay man , himself -- has the Anthony half of his same - sex couple saying , quite proudly and unemotionally , that he 's worked out a deal in which husband - to - be Stanford will be allowed the most opulent wedding that Connecticut has ever seen , just as long as he 's allowed to screw on the side .
The stakes seems almost aggressive -- like the ore passive Stanford is being forced into something .
It all comes across as one - sided -- an unreasonable tradeoff between a one - day affair and a lifetime free pass to have the same .
The terms are as cartoony as the film 's eventual karaoke sessions and camel rides , so in a perfect world it would allow one to roll his or her eyes and move on .
But the problem with that is that the takeaway messages here hold potential hazards far greater than the eye sores that are the girls ' truly insane hump - mounting getups .
Again :
We 're talking here about a movie that will be discussed across the country by many kinds of audiences in many kinds of ( red ) places .
We 're talking about a same - sex wedding revving up a megawatt film franchise .
It 's conversation that could 've moved some minds on marriage equality .
Conversation that might still move some minds on the subject .
But one that will now come with an enforced sense of differentiation between the gays and the straights .
Which leads me to what 's perhaps the most damning evidence that the gays ' union is seen / presented as innately different :
The double standard in terms of how it 's all handled .
If one of the four women had uttered such a comment on their own wedding days , this would 've provided major plottage for the rest for the film ( which , in an uber - long flick that 's so utterly lacking in story , would 've actually been welcome ) .
But when the gay men make such a reveal , the ladies -- especially and obviously , Charlotte -- casually raise an eyebrow or two and think it over for a second , before essentially saying to themselves , " Oh , those gays -- now back to my salad course . "
In a world that revolves 100 % around Carrie and company 's romantic musings , this whole idea of non-monogamous marriage goes pretty much unexplored .
That would * NEVER * happen if it were any of the primary characters we were talking about .
Just think back to the last film , which had Miranda and Steve apart for an entire year because of one extramarital hookup -- with tears , arguments , move outs , and climatic Brooklyn Bridge reunions .
Or in this film , when the mere hint that Harry & the nanny might be sharing in more than diaper changes raises concerns in Charlotte 's preppy lil' head .
Oh , and while Samantha 's whole thing is that she does n't want to marry because she does want to have lots of sex , when she has been coupled with someone , her plot points have also historically revolved around sex outside the relationship ( either her own or someone else 's ) being a deal breaker .
But with Anthony and Stanford ?
Eh , whatevs -- they 're the gay boys who we suddenly and inexplicably are to accept as coupled / married .
Married in a way unlike we 've ever known in SATC world .
Now , to be fair , much of the rest of the film does revolve around the idea that marriages can be on the individual players ' terms and not bound by anyone else 's traditions .
So this early scene could be seen as a way of setting up that idea .
Also to be fair :
This is only one couple .
There are certainly non-monogamous gays and heterosexuals who live in fine and functional open marriages , and this could be seen as just one such pairing .
However , the idea that this storyline is just fodder for the bigger theme rings false to me , since the point is not addressed later on in any marked way .
And let 's be honest :
This is a pretty big break from " tradition " we 're talking about .
Since the writers chose to put the " Anthony can cheat " idea front and center when there was really no reason to even discuss it at all , one would think it'd at least get further exploration .
Even if Stanford and Anthony are minor characters , their wedding is not a minor part of this film .
If the creatives wanted to weave this particular point into the other stories , then it would seem that the notion would have to be revisited later in the flick , the same way that all four of women 's relationship whatnots are taken on and tied up .
But it never is .
Carrie 's comparably minor extramarital straying is treated like an international crisis , with monologues of resolve .
Stanford and Anthony 's are left in CT .
And in terms of the storyline being personal rather than archetypical : Well , Stanford and Anthony are the gay voices of this show .
This wedding is front and center in this movie .
Gay men have quite literally made this show what is , both technically and in terms of fan support .
Everyone involved has to ( or at least should ) know that they have a voice and a platform to say something that reaches larger audiences than most activists could ever hope to reach .
And yet the bone they throw is one that fosters a far - right , socially conservative , marriage ban - emboldening meme about two men being non-desirous / incapable of monogamous commitment ?!
To me , that 's incredibly unfortunate .
As I always have to do when speaking on subjects like this , I must now reaffirm that I 'm a married gay man ( NY by way of CT , just like Stanford / Anthony ) who , personally , could only conceive of having a monogamous marriage .
That 's what I want , that 's what I 've got .
But that being said : I can honestly and easily step outside of myself and see this in a bigger picture sort of way .
I 'm not casting moral judgements on this , or against any kind of union .
For me , the problems of relationship freedom only arise when certain couples ' personal decision to be open is presented as the one , true gay norm , or when those gays who value monogamy are presented as doing nothing more than mimicking a heterosexual ideal .
And in terms of the marriage conversation :
For me the problems arise when those who do n't choose monogamy for themselves deny the fact that marriage really is , by design and common understanding , a two person system ( with the ability to be open serving as the very reason why marriage has never been the right fit for everyone ) .
It would n't be fair to say that this film outright does those things , necessarily .
But it would be fair , in my humble opinion , to say that a film that seemingly wants to advance the marriage equality movement has instead painted a portrait that fosters needless , heterosexist separations between " gay marriage " and " marriage , marriage . "
To me , that does n't feel all that sexy .
***
* UPDATE :
They did a similar plot line before : " Till death do us part " contrasted against a supposed gay " realist . "
But at least that time , it was presented as a mutually open relationship :
* Oh , and for the sake of full disclosure : I absolutely loathed the entire film as a whole , not just this one part .
Story - less , weak jokes , and at times , offensive .
All of the smart comedy and genuine characterization of the original show has now been fully stripped away .
The women are ridiculous caricatures .
And the worst part ?
It 's not even the fun romp that it wants to be .
They could , potentially , transition into the world of AbFab and make it campy fantasy .
But they do n't .
They still , to at least some extent , want you to see these women as archetypes .
As relatable .
Even while strutting , in Dior , in slow motion , to board their camels .
Your thoughts
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
G - A-Y Comments Policy
A group of Romanian hacktivists , who recently defaced two websites associated with The Daily Telegraph as a protest against negative depictions of the Romanian people in the British media , attacked the French newspaper Le Monde over the weekend , citing similar reasons .
On April 14 , a previously unknown group of hackers identifying themselves as an outfit called the Romanian National Security ( R.N.S. ) hijacked two telegraph.co.uk subdomains used for various promotions , and used them to post Romanian nationalist messages .
Apparently , the attackers took issue with the jokes from a segment of the popular TV show Top Gear that was shot in Romania last year .
On Sunday , the planete - plus-intelligente.lemonde.fr was defaced with a similar protest message directed at the French media .
The subdomain , which normally hosts a partner publication focused on scientific topics , has since been restored .
However , a mirror image of the defacement is still available on defacement archive Zone -H .
The new message left behind on the Le Monde website along with the Romanian flag read as follows [ approximate translation from Romanian ] : " This is not a movement of resistance , a protest or a rebellion !
It is the cry of the entire Romanian people calling its brothers , who forgot that Roman blood also flows through our veins .
The blood spilled on battlefields so that our people 's history can be written is now demanding JUSTICE .
The heroes of our nation will never die !
We do n't want the people who spilled it so that Romania can exist on the world 's map to be forgotten .
We want to remind our children and our grandchildren of them and to give them the honor they deserve .
We 've had enough of this ridicule !
The gypsies [ Roma people ] are not Romanians !
It 's not them who wrote our history !
When you refer to our fellow countrymen , stop using expressions such as ' Romanian gypsies . ' "
Just as with the The Telegraph attack , the hackers ended their statement with a warning : " We respected France , you will respect Romania !
R.N.S. WATCHES to make sure this happens . "
The R.N.S. might have targeted Le Monde in response to a questionable joke recently made by French humorist Jonathan Lambert during a TV show .
The moment , criticized last week in the Romanian media , has Mr. Lambert presenting ( video ) what he claims to be the Romanian salute , by posing as a beggar , while saying , " S'il vous plait , Messieurs , Mesdames ! " [ Please , Sirs , Madams ] .
The Justice Department represents federal officials when they 're sued over how they 've performed their duties , and when former secretary of defense Donald Rumsfeld was sued by two American civilians in 2006 , Justice replied that Rumsfeld 's conduct was not for the courts to judge .
Whatever happened to plaintiffs Donald Vance and Nathan Ertel in Baghdad in 2006 , the argument went , it happened " while the United States was engaged in active hostilities in a war zone . "
And holding Rumsfeld to account " would violate bedrock separation - of - powers principles [ and ] have serious adverse consequences for national defense . "
Justice 's motion to dismiss was submitted to federal circuit court judge Wayne Andersen of Chicago in 2008 , and in a groundbreaking ruling last week , Andersen denied it .
Vance and Ertel say they were tortured in the maximum - security military prison Camp Cropper and that interrogation policies laid down by Rumsfeld were the reason .
But " the threat of personal liability for money damages would jeopardize swift military action in the field , " argued the motion to dismiss .
" When battlefield conduct did not satisfy the standards of a domestic court , fear of personal tort liability rather than sound military policy could motivate decisions regarding sensitive matters of national security and the actions of our troops abroad . "
The wrong ruling could even " allow enemy detainees to enlist the courts in continuing hostilities against the United States and interfering with the execution of foreign and military affairs . "
Which is why , the Justice Department said , the courts traditionally have left the waging of war to the warriors .
" Judges have neither the experience nor the background to adequately and competently define and adjudge the rights of an individual vis-à - vis the needs of officials acting to defend the sovereign interests of the United States . "
This was just one of the arguments for cutting Rumsfeld loose .
In 2006 Vance and Ertel were working for Shield Group Security , a firm providing security services in Iraq during the war .
Their story is that they began feeding information to an FBI contact in Chicago , Vance 's hometown , and to American officials in Baghdad about criminal behavior at SGS , including " massive illegal arms trading , stockpiling of weapons , kickback schemes , bribery , [ and ] fraudulent contract procurement . "
They said they'd heard an American colleague brag that he'd committed " brutal acts of violence " against Iraqis .
The upshot of their whistle - blowing ?
According to the story they tell , SGS turned suspicious and threatening , to the point that Vance and Ertel had to barricade themselves inside a room in the SGS compound until they were rescued by American military forces .
But nothing happened to SGS .
Instead , Vance and Ertel were accused of " supplying weapons and explosives to insurgent / criminal groups " and of " illegal receipt of stolen weapons and arms in Iraq from Coalition Forces . "
Ertel was held six weeks before he was released , Vance more than three months .
Neither was ever formally charged with anything .
A citation written when Vance was awarded the 2007 Ridenhour Truth - Telling Prize , an award affiliated with the Nation Institute , said Nance smuggled notes out of Camp Cropper in a Bible , and later gave the New York Times " a rare and credible inside account of the Pentagon 's detention operations . "
For whatever reason , " the military refused to believe or act on Vance 's story , holding him even after the F.B.I. confirmed Vance 's activities were legal and that he had been acting in the interests of the U.S. government . "
In December 2006 , Vance and Ertel , represented by the Chicago firm of Loevy & Loevy , filed suit against the United States , against Rumsfeld personally and against the unnamed Americans who 'd allegedly tortured them .
Their mishandling included " threats of violence and actual violence , sleep deprivation and alteration , extremes of temperature , extremes of sound , light manipulation , threats of indefinite detention , denial of food , denial of water , denial of needed medical care , yelling , prolonged solitary confinement , incommunicado detention , falsified allegations and other psychologically - disruptive and injurious techniques . "
The Americans " who caused them to be detained — U.S. officials stationed in Iraq , including State Department officials " — knew they were innocent , the suit asserts .
And of course they knew that Nance and Ertel , as Americans themselves , were " entitled to the liberties and protections of the United States Constitution . "
For his part , Rumsfeld " approved and , at times , ordered the use of interrogation tactics [ against them ] that are universally condemned as torture , " continuing to use them even after Congress passed the Detainee Treatment Act of 2005 to forbid " cruel , inhuman , or degrading treatment or punishment . "
Rumsfeld 's second argument for being dropped from the suit was that he deserved qualified immunity — someone who does n't think so might call this the " too busy , too important , and too far from the scene of the crime " defense .
A claim of qualified immunity must be adjudicated when it is raised , to spare a defendant the cost and inconvenience of preparing for an unnecessary trial , and as the motion to dismiss reminded Andersen , it was on Vance and Ertel to knock down the claim , not on Rumsfeld to justify it .
The plaintiffs would have to show that " Rumsfeld personally and plausibly deprived them of a constitutional right that was ' clearly ' established at the time he allegedly violated it . "
They must show " Rumsfeld was ' personally involved in the deprivation of [ their ] constitutional rights . "
And frankly , the Justice Department told Andersen , this was an idea that " cannot withstand even cursory scrutiny . "
The idea Rumsfeld kept tabs on every detainee in Iraq " is simply divorced from reality . "
The motion to dismiss , flirting with sarcasm , said the plaintiffs " seek to hold defendant Rumsfeld personally liable for prison guards at Camp Cropper steering them into walls , taking away their medication , waking them up , playing loud music , denying them food and water , keeping the lights on and the temperature low in their cells , and falsely accusing them of possessing contraband . "
The list went on .
To Rumsfeld 's lawyers this idea was not simply foolish — it cited conduct that did n't even pass muster as an unconstitutional denial of due process , that is , conduct that " shocks the conscience " ( a standard set by a unanimous Supreme Court in 1952 ) .
To the lawyers , nothing that happened to Vance and Ertel sounded all that bad .
For instance , " both plaintiffs complain about medication like antacids or pain relievers being withheld .
Yet a delay in receiving , or even a lack of , non -life - threatening medical treatment and medicine in a war zone does not ' shock the conscience . ' "
The government 's argument to cut Rumsfeld loose amounted to this : a lecture to Judge Andersen that a war is hell , it 's chaotic , it 's ad hoc , and it's no place for the judiciary to be playing schoolmarm .
But on March 5 Andersen rejected that argument .
" Even if we were to agree with Rumsfeld that depriving plaintiffs of food and water or placing them in extreme segregation alone passes constitutional muster , " he wrote , " this would not change our conclusion that plaintiffs have set forth the cumulative allegations necessary to state a claim of mistreatment . "
What the evidence would eventually show , he did not know .
The suit is not even at the discovery stage yet .
But a determination that nothing that happened to Vance and Ertel shocks the conscience " is not one we may properly make at this stage . "
And as for the argument that Rumsfeld was too remote from Camp Cropper to be held responsible for what happened there , Andersen deferred to the plaintiffs ' argument that he was not .
In April 2003 Rumsfeld allegedly approved a set of harsh interrogation techniques ; in August he sent a Major Geoffrey Miller to Iraq to with instructions to " gitmo-ize " Camp Cropper ; and in September he instructed the commander of the Coalition Joint Task Force to sign a memorandum authorizing the use of 29 interrogation techniques , many of them extreme .
" Finally , " wrote the judge , " plaintiffs allege that Rumsfeld , on the same day that Congress passed the Detainee Treatment Act , modified the Army Field Manual to include ten new interrogation techniques , including those allegedly use against plaintiffs . "
As for what Rumsfeld knew or did n't know , Andersen noted the suit alleges that in May 2003 " the Red Cross began sending detailed reports that detainees within United States custody in Iraq were being mistreated , " and that according to Colin Powell , then the secretary of state , Rumsfeld saw these memos and shared them with President Bush .
At trial these allegations might be blown out of the water .
But that would be then ; this was now .
" We conclude , " wrote Andersen , " that plaintiffs have alleged sufficient facts to survive Rumsfeld 's motion to dismiss on account of a lack of personal involvement . "
And as for yet another point raised in Rumsfeld 's motion to dismiss , that the U.S. Constitution lacks jurisdiction away from American soil , Andersen flatly rejected it .
" American citizens do not forfeit their core constitutional rights when they leave the United States , even when their destination is a foreign war zone . "
Mike Kanovitz of Loevy & Loevy expects Rumsfeld to appeal Andersen 's opinion to the Seventh Circuit and if necessary to the Supreme Court , which he doubts would accept the case because " there 's nothing that stands out as needing the Supreme Court to look at it . "
In deciding the suit should move forward , he said , Andersen merely made a " normal application of well - established law " — that it 's unconstitutional to torture — says Kanovitz .
" Now we let jurors decide what happened . "
Vance and Ertel are n't available for comment .
They 're back overseas , working together for another contractor .
A police officer who became famous worldwide after a YouTube video showed him shoving a cyclist off his bike seemingly without provocation has been acquitted of assault .
But Patrick Pogan , formerly of the New York Police Department , was found guilty of making a false filing in the case , and now faces up to four years in prison , the New York Times reported Thursday .
ADVERTISEMENT
In amateur footage of a Critical Mass cycling event in New York City in July of 2008 , Pogan can be seen crossing a street and walking into the path of 29 - year - old cyclist Christopher Long .
Long can be seen swerving to avoid Pogan before Pogan shoves him , causing Long to fall off his bicycle and into a nearby crowd .
Long “ was initially charged with attempted assault , disorderly conduct and resisting arrest , but the charges were all dropped , ” the Times reports .
According to the Times , Pogan testified in court that Long “ initiatied the confrontation ” because he refused to comply with an order to stop .
That claim ca n’t be verified or dismissed on the basis of what can be seen on the videotape .
Pogan also testified he believed at the moment that Long was preparing to use the bicycle as a weapon against the officer .
Also helping Pogan ’s case is that New York City has argued the Critical Mass event — which involves numerous cyclists parading through the streets on the last Friday of every month — is illegal .
But cyclists and event organizers argue they have as much right as anyone to use the streets .
ADVERTISEMENT
Following the 2008 incident , Pogan had initially claimed that Long was “ forcing multiple vehicles to stop abruptly or change their direction to avoid hitting the defendant . ”
Pogan also alleged that Long knocked him to the ground after deliberately aiming the bicycle towards him .
Pogan evidently dropped those claims after video of the incident became widely available .
During cross-examination , lawyers for Pogan hammered Long with questions about his background .
Long admitted to “ frequent marijuana use ” and “ causing the death of a man in a traffic accident , ” according to the Times .
Long was never charged in that accident .
ADVERTISEMENT
The following video was uploaded to YouTube on July 27 , 2008 .
Alternate streams ( mobile - friendly ) : 128 kbps mp3 | 64 kbps AAC +
Audio Players
Audio Help
What kind of hardware and software do I need to watch and listen online ?
Hardware :
You need a computer with a sound card and either speakers or headphones .
Most computers sold within the last five years or advertised as “ multimedia ” have these .
Software : You ’ll need Adobe Flash Player for some audio content including the embedded player above .
You can also listen to our online stream and podcasts via one of the free downloadable players linked above .
Why does the stream occasionally stop or stutter while I ’m listening ?
Any momentary interruptions in your stream may be due to Internet congestion , which can be more frequent at certain times of the day .
Current streaming technology makes best efforts not to lose audio information and holds or ‘ buffers ’ it until the line is clear to receive further information .
This is why there is sometimes a stuttering or delaying effect when receiving a stream .
I am unable to listen to KXT on my computer .
What do I do ?
Please check to make sure your Internet connection is working properly , and that you are able to listen to audio on other Web sites .
If you are still unable to listen to KXT online , please contact KERA / KXT Audience and Member Services via this form or at 214-740-9272 .
Enlarge By Associated Press
This 2008 image taken by the Surface Stereo Imager shows part of the Phoenix Mars Lander 's Robotic Arm scoop .
Recently Phoenix was declared to no longer be operable .
LOS ANGELES 
The Phoenix lander will not rise again .
NASA declared the three - legged spacecraft officially dead Monday after repeated failed attempts to regain contact .
A recent image taken by an orbiting spacecraft appeared to show one of Phoenix 's solar panels had collapsed from ice buildup .
Phoenix landed near the Martian north pole on May 25 , 2008 , and successfully operated for five months — two months longer than planned — until sunlight at its northern location waned .
Scientists did not expect it to survive the Martian winter but continued to listen for any signs of life .
" We had very little expectation of Phoenix recovering , but it 's one of those things we had to try even when the chances are slim , " said mission principal investigator Peter Smith of the University of Arizona in Tucson .
The Mars Odyssey orbiter flew over the Phoenix landing site more than 200 times this year in an attempt to regain communication .
With summer arriving in the northern hemisphere last week , NASA tried again , but there was no response .
Earlier this month , an image taken by another spacecraft , the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter , showed changes in Phoenix 's shadows , consistent with predictions that hundreds of pounds of carbon dioxide ice accumulating on the spacecraft could bend or break its solar panels .
As the first spacecraft to land in the Martian arctic plains , Phoenix used its robotic arm to dig trenches in the icy soil .
One of its early accomplishments was confirming the presence of water ice at its landing site .
The lander also detected traces of perchlorate in the soil .
On Earth , the chemical can be found naturally in the Chilean desert where some extreme microbes use it as an energy source .
Long used in rocket fuel and other applications , perchlorate is now widely known as a water contaminant .
Phoenix was the first NASA robotic mission to use Twitter to communicate with the public .
The tweets were courtesy of the Jet Propulsion Laboratory 's media relations office .
On Monday , this message appeared on Phoenix 's Twitter page : " From the team : Sleep well ( at ) MarsPhoenix .
One chapter ends but more waits to be written with the science you returned . "
Copyright 2010 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
In yet another surprising twist to the Sania Mirza - Shoaib Malik affair , the Indian tennis star has decided to marry the Pakistani cricketer today instead of the previously decided date of April 15 .
Quazi Azmatullah Jaffri of Dar - Ul - Qazzat confirmed that the nikah will be performed after evening prayers here today .
The couple had earlier announced that they would tie the knot on April 15 but as it turns out that date has been set for their reception ceremony to be attended by about about 500 guests at the Taj Krishna hotel .
Ever since they announced their wedding , the couple had been hounded by the media over Shoaib 's first marriage .
Another Hyderabad girl Ayesha Siddiqui had alleged that Shopaib married her over phone before dumping her without a divorce due to her weight problems .
Shoaib initially denied the allegations and claimed that Ayesha duped him into a phone marriage by sending photographs of a different woman .
The all - rounder , however , finally agreed to divorce her after being pressurised by community leaders .
Ayesha had also filed an FIR against Shoaib alleging fraud and criminal intimidation which led to the cricketer 's passport being confiscated by the police .
The FIRs have been withdrawn after Shoaib agreed to divorce Ayesha and Shaoib is likely to get back his passport before the reception if he applies to the court today .
" As far as police are concerned , the case is closed .
Shoaib has to apply to the court and get back his passport , " Narasimha Reddy Additional Commissioner of Police said .
He said some administrative procedures have to be followed .
" We received requisition from Siddiquis .
Now they can settle the matter in Lok Adalat , " Reddy said .
Family denies changing Shoaib - Sania wedding date
The family of Indian tennis player Sania Mirza denied Friday that they had moved up the date of her wedding to former Pakistan cricket captain Shoaib Malik .
... contd .
ALSO READ Juan Martin del Potro marches into semis , Petra Kvitova stunned in Sydney
Please read our terms of use before posting comments
Steven Monjenza , 26 , and Tiwonge Chimbalanga , 20 , conducted a traditional engagement ceremony in late December in Chirimba , near Blantyre .
After news reports surfaced of the same - sex engagement , they were rounded up by Malawi 's police and charged under colonial - era sodomy laws .
Their sentencing is Tuesday .
The arrest received some popular support in the conservative southern African nation , but sparked outrage among Malawian and international gay rights campaigners .
The presiding judge refused bail for the men , who are being held in Chichiru Prison in Blantyre .
" It is quite outrageous , " said Peter Tatchell , a gay rights activist from Britain who is supporting the pair .
" In Malawi , people facing much more serious felony charges for serious crimes usually get bail . "
Amnesty International and Human Rights
Watch have called for the release of the young men .
The Malawi Law Society said the case has been driven by prejudice and not jurisprudence .
The European Central Bank , in a stunning change of position , said Sunday night it will buy government and private debt on “ dysfunctional ” European markets as part of a concerted show of force by European authorities to persuade financial markets that they are , in fact , responding to the spreading sovereign debt crisis in the euro zone .
http://www.ecb.int/press/pr/date/2010/html/pr100510.en.html
Here ’s some early reaction :
Marco Annuniziata , UniCredit Group
“ Even with Portugal and Spain announcing further fiscal adjustment measures in the coming days , it will be hard not to see this as a loss of credibility and independence for the ECB .
The ECB has stated that the interventions in the secondary market will be sterilized , so that the measures will not affect the stance of monetary policy .
It argues that these purchases are aimed at correcting market distortions rather than easing overall monetary conditions , and stresses that they have been agreed also in light of the commitment by member states to take all necessary measures to meet their fiscal targets .
Liquidity has indeed declined sharply in some of the sovereign bond markets , and ECB bond purchases at this stage can also be seen as a preventive measure : while current spreads on Portuguese and Spanish bonds currently do not look greatly out of line with fundamentals , market movements in the last few days had highlighted the risk that self - fulfilling panic might set in , and the ECB needed to be ahead of the market .
In the short term , the ECB ’s intervention will be a crucial element of the package , bringing immediate relief ; the longer term implications however could be extremely detrimental .
Much will depend on whether or not Eurozone governments quickly follow through on their pledge to accelerate fiscal consolidation efforts : if they do , the ECB might still be able to argue that it has offered temporary support to offset impending market dislocations ; if they do not , it will be hard for the ECB to fight off the charge of monetizing excessive fiscal deficit .
So far , however , no strengthening of fiscal discipline mechanisms has been agreed , and all we have is the commitment to enforce the procedures and sanctions of the Stability and Growth Pact — which unfortunately has a rather dismal track record . ”
" While he agreed that the app does n't technically break the rules , he said that it does encroach upon the boundaries of what they can and cannot allow on their store .
He also cited security concerns . "
Ca n't say we 're surprised to hear that Apple rejected Greg Hughes ' Wi -Fi Sync app .
You know , the app that allows you to wirelessly sync your iPhone / iPod touch with iTunes without having to USB tether to your computer .
Messing with Apple 's synchronization technology is a pretty big no - no as demonstrated by Palm 's webOS bluff .
Here 's the rejection as explained by Greg from an unnamed Apple rep over the phone :
So while you wo n't find it in Apple 's App Store , it 's available now on Cydia for a cool $ 9.99 .
You have jailbroken your device have n't you ?
Do n't make us get all MuscleNerd up in here . :
An Apple spokeswoman contacted us to clarify that the rejection was the result of security issues and " technical issues including reading and writing outside of the app 's container . "
So there .
Kevin Garnett scored 22 points and added 12 rebounds , and Rajon Rondo had 21 points and 12 assists to beat Cleveland 94 - 85 in Game 6 on Thursday night and advance to the Eastern Conference finals .
They 'll play the Orlando Magic , who are undefeated in the playoffs .
" Winning is gratifying , " Garnett said .
" You 're playing the best team in basketball ; the challenge is there ; you do n't have to dress it up .
One thing we do n't lack is confidence .
We 're a veteran team and we understand when it 's time to lock in as a group .
I think we did just that .
I think the experience is taking over . "
Despite his sixth career playoff triple - double , James is headed for another early offseason after winning a second MVP award and leading the Cavs to an NBA - best 61 wins and a home - court advantage they never got to use .
" The fact that it 's over right now is definitely a surprise to me , " James said .
" A friend of mine told me , ' I guess you 've got to go through a lot of nightmares before you realize your dream . '
That 's what 's going on for me individually right now . "
This offseason is destined to define the future of the franchise -- and the rest of the NBA , too .
The LeBron watch began at 10:53 p.m. , when Rondo dribbled out the last 14 seconds and the Celtics began celebrating their 4 - 2 victory in the best - of - seven series .
James is eligible to opt out of his contract this summer , a move that would make the two - time MVP -- and zero - time NBA champion -- a free agent and set off a scramble for his services from New York to Miami to Los Angeles and , of course , back in Cleveland .
" I want to win .
That 's my only thing , my only concern , " James said .
" I 've always prided myself -- it 's all about winning for me and I think the Cavs are committed to doing that .
But at the same time , I 've given myself options to this point .
Me and my team , we have a game plan that we 'll execute and we 'll see where we 're at . "
James scored 27 points with 10 assists , and his 19 rebounds matched a career - high and were the most he 's ever had in a playoff game .
But he also had nine turnovers , and he may have been hobbled by an elbow injury that limited him to dunks and short jumpers , going 8 for 21 from the floor overall .
" I just told him , ' Keep your head up , man .
I 've been there , ' " said Garnett , who was a star without a title in Minnesota for more than a decade before joining the Celtics and leading them to their NBA - record 17th championship in 2008 .
" ' You have a very , very , very bright future .
Continue to work and make decisions based on you and your family . "
“ What we now need is to establish if there are any living family descendants of those lost colonists living here in the UK and from them produce a reference library of DNA to match the American results against , ” Mr Powell told the Guardian .
Get your creative juices flowing
Organize your business and life
Do many things at once
Read , touch , view , and thereby learn
Get some friendly tabletop competition
Game in 768p
9.1MB , available at launch
Be a couch potato , even without a couch
Be somewhere else
Properly programed , an iPad will help you to : Though the jury 's out on whether iPad - toting disc jockeys will make it past a club bouncer -- much less be allowed to spin -- Mixr sounds like the app they 'd want to use .
The program 's creators say multitouch will allow prospective DJs to simply reach out and touch the virtual tables to manipulate knobs , faders , transitions and digital vinyl , and turn the iPad on its side to flip through their " record crate " library of ready albums .
Pricing unknown , planned June 2010 release ) - Nota 's no stranger to the App Store ; the piano training software received considerable acclaim in an earlier iPhone incarnation , and as far as we know , its laudable features translate directly to the larger screen .
So why are we excited to try it on iPad ?
Simple : now that we can fit more than three fingers on screen , we can actually play the blasted thing .
[ Via Crave 19.8 MB , now available Brushes paintings famously made it onto the cover of The New Yorker ; now the popular iPhone app wants a faster , larger home .
Taking advantage of not only screen size but enhanced processor power , Brushes for iPad allows you to zoom to 3200 % ( twice as far as its smaller counterpart ) , store favorite colors as swatches , and watch how your creations came together after the fact in a video replay mode .
3.6MB , available at launch -
With the iPad still hours away , it 's impossible to say whether Brushes or Sketchbook Pro is the better painting app , but believe it or not , the latter actually has more brushes -- 75 in all -- than its close competitor .
Both feature color wheels , custom swatches , eyedroppers , six discrete layers and deep multitouch zoom , but a lower price and a professional pedigree ( plus the ability to export layered PSD files ) might see Sketchbook Pro win the day .
10.7MB , available at launch -
It 's not the end results that make Drawing Pad worth a look ; with practice , you 'll likely get far better paintings out of apps like Brushes or Sketchbook Pro , regardless of whether you 're six or sixty .
No , it 's the childlike wonder that comes from flipping through boxes upon boxes of crayons , markers , stickers and paper , more than you could ever afford , all tucked away neatly in a Mary Poppins - sized drawer .
At the current $ 500 price , few are going to buy their child an iPad -- but if Drawing Pad is as good as the above video , we 'd certainly pay an extra $ 2 to let a child play on ours .
[ Thanks , grkhetan ! ]
19.1MB , available at launch - Like Sketchbook Pro , Omnigraffle is a piece of professional desktop software migrated to your iPad -- but unlike Sketchbook , this app also comes with a professional price .
If dropping $ 50 does n't scare you away , however , we could well imagine the ability to turn freehand drawings into quality flow charts , layouts and wireframes would be quite accessible and perhaps even fun on the large , multitouch screen .
5.5 MB , available at launch - Sure , Omnigraffle covers the bases , but if your visions of a better tomorrow are limited to user interface design , we imagine you might save money and try iMockups instead .
Even if your pen-and - papers skills have n't degenerated to the point ours have ( we blame these comfy , ergonomic keyboards ) , explaining what you want your website 's front end to feel like looks surprisingly easy in the above video .
[ Via TUAW 9.1MB , available at launch -
If you 're building a business , managing an organization , or just need an app to keep tabs on your life , Bento appears to be one heck of a to - do list .
With 25 database templates , it can keep track of persons , places , objects or anything else you might want to log , and will reportedly let you act on those logs with integrated email , browser , video and photo viewers , plus sync to the desktop version of Bento for even greater flexibility .
11.1 MB , available at launch - One Twitter app comes up with a new feature , the rest copy it as fast as they can -- such is the mobile arms race .
On iPad , it 's looking like that feature might be an entire tabbed web browser -- because after observing the glory of multi-column multitasking in the above video , we can't even bear to look our plain jane iPhone 's Tweetie in the eye .
[ Via TUAW 2.7MB , now available -
What were we just saying ... something about you can expect any iPad Twitter app worth its salt to include a web browser .
One of the clients du jour on desktop , TweetDeck is no exception , and unlike that upstart Twitepad , it will actually be out on launch day .
Here , the browser and specific Tweets are displayed at the top of the page with two Twitter feeds below , a third accessible when you turn the iPad on its side ; plus , you can also view your friends ' tweet locations visually on an integrated Google Map .
[ Via AppAdvice 1.7MB , available at launch
The iPad may not have multitasking -- at least , not till OS 4.0 -- but as we saw with Twitepad above , that does n't mean you can't make a single program do several different things .
That 's the entire idea behind Mini apps , a space for you to store and use a whole bunch of Dashboard widgets at the same time .
The initial release is limited , giving you only a browser , weather , calculator , sticky notes and NASA 's Image of the Day , but considering you can spawn multiple mini browsers and notes , some might argue that 's plenty -- and the developers insist more widgets are on the way .
[ Via TUAW Availability unknown -
We 've now seen Twitter clients , notepads and widget apps that integrate a web browser , but what about a program that gives you two browsers in one ?
That 's what SplitBrowser aims to do , and in a rather ingenious way ; it gives you control over the dividing line between two browser windows to adjust however you see fit .
Since the app almost certainly has n't seen a real iPad yet , we 're not sure whether the device can actually handle all that video and multitouch web browsing all at the same time -- but even if this particular implementation does n't work , we 're definitely sold on the idea .0.1MB , available at launch - even in its original flat paper form , The Elements got attention for providing stunning photographs and intriguing facts about the 118 elements of the Periodic Table .
On the iPad , it 's much more .
Tapping on any element yields a rotating 360° view ; updated facts from WolframAlpha appear on one side .
Objects can be manipulated and thrown about using multitouch , and you can even split images in two to view the elements in stereo 3D -- assuming you have a pair of old - school cardboard specs .
The publisher is n't even charging a premium for the interactivity , as the book costs less than its wood pulp analog .
Hooray for science !
1.74GB , available at launch - the above video is fairly self - explanatory , and completely mind - blowing .
When it comes to interactive magazines , Wired has set the example to follow -- and should their publisher manage to produce content like that without charging an arm and a leg , they will receive great applause .
We 're note sure if Wired itself will be the ticket , but we can't wait to scrub through magazines like it on a touchscreen , tapping on explanatory videos and even interactive advertisements along the way .
Pricing unknown , Summer 2010 - Compared to Wired Mag 's demo , Popular Science 's digital edition looks fairly tame -- but unlike Wired , this magazine will actually be available at launch .
The prototype for publisher Bonnier 's Mag+ platform ; expect its simple two - axis , transparency - filled design to be replicated across many magazines if this first issue takes off .
19.3 MB , available at launch -
When contemplating how news on a tablet PC would work , most every major news service decided it was time to embrace Negroponte 's Daily Me , and produce an interactive newspaper that looked just like ... well , a newspaper .
We think the Associated Press has a more interesting take -- a program that sorts news by location , hands you headlines , or even just tosses you a stack of pictures to see which catches your fancy before you grab your cup of joe and settle in for a good read .
15.9 MB , available at launchNow here 's an interesting way to sort through news .
Rather than give you a single trusted news source or an RSS reader where you can choose your own , SkyGrid claims to provide the most popular news -- the news that 's spreading across the web the quickest -- with some sort of secret algorithm , displaying headlines on the left and the actual news item on the right .
Originally , the company provided a premium financial news aggregator for hundreds of dollars per month ; since this one 's free , we 're eager to give it a try .
0.2MB , available at launchAmazon 's books may not be as interactive as some of the materials above -- yet -- but the company 's extensive bookstore itself will be a welcome addition to many iPads , offering not only competition to Apple 's own book prices but -- Amazon claims -- a variety of features for pleasant reading experiences , too .
Bookmark , highlight and annotate , sync your place in a novel with other e-readers , and even adjust the device backlight from inside the application .
5.8MB , available at launch
The iPad is your card table , your card holders , your scorecard , and your deck of cards .
There 's no AI , so you bring your own opponents -- and the rules .
But just because Isocards is n't intelligent enough to play against you does n't mean it is n't smartly designed .
Multitouch allows you to deal cards to each real - life opponent with a flick of the finger -- and keep cards hidden for clandestine play until the app detects you 've cupped your hand over them for a safe reveal .
The creator 's even planning local Bluetooth awareness for a future update , so players can drag their cards off the screen , and onto a companion iPhone .
5.5MB , available at launchlike Isocards above , Board Box relies on you to provide the opponent -- but ensures you 'll never lose a piece in exchange .
Fifteen classic board game presets are included alongside granite , mahogany and plastic virtual pieces , but creator Movile says you can mix , match and create your own as well .
There 's also an email feature that lets you play online -- we 'd guess very , very asynchronously -- with other Board Box users around the globe .
( via Touch Arcade 16.6MB , available at launchWe know what you 're thinking .
We would n't ride that coaster either .
But we 'd probably have a blast making it using Air Coaster XL 's multitouch 3D interface .
One finger rotates , two zoom and three pan the camera in an track editor mode , after which you can either ride or upload it to the shared community server , where someone less inclined to vomit can whip out anaglyph red / blue glasses and experience it in stereoscopic 3D .
[ Via 148 apps 25.4MB , available at launchAfter condemning thousands of souls to dreams of pastel plane crashes with Flight Control , Australian developer Firemint brought us Real Racing , a game that looked too good for many to believe it was an iPhone title .
This is Real Racing in HD .
What more do we need to say ?
We can see Real Racing HD has better graphics ; Firemint says it also runs faster , allows you to skin your vehicle with imported photos and play against ghosts , and is cross-compatible with the original iPhone version for WiFi and Bluetooth play .
157MB , available at launchTo date , developer Gameprom has released three pinball tables on iPhone to critical acclaim : Jungle Style Pinball , The Deep Pinball and Wild West Pinball .
At first , this seems like a simple collection of all three -- but where the iPhone apps could only pan across a small section of the table at a time , The Pinball allows you to see the whole high - res table at once , view the action in anaglyph stereoscopic 3D , and even control the game from across the room using your iPhone or iPod Touch as a WiFi remote .
The game started life as a Mac title , in case you 're confused by the above video .
[ Via TUAW Pricing and availability unknownLike Real Racing above , N.O.V.A. ( Near Orbit Vanguard Alliance ) was a fantastic - looking iPhone title that 's more than welcome at the improved 1024 x 768 resolution , especially with iPad - optimized gesture controls .
As you can see in the above video , your protagonist can doff a Metroid Prime - esque visor to lock onto multiple enemies with a flick of the finger , swipe two fingers across the screen to toss a grenade , or twist three around the handle of a pressure door to open it for entry .
166MB , available at launch -
Not quite as pretty as Australian counterpart Real Racing HD , Need for Speed : Shift nonetheless impresses with improved graphics and touch controls -- including the ability to just touch the car to drop into first - person mode and an on - screen shifter you can flick with a thumb for manual gearshifts .
204MB , available at launchTouchgrind was a big hit on the iPhone , giving players a fingerboard and a sizable miniature skateboard park filled with rails and jumps to play in .
Problem was , on the iPhone you could n't see where the heck you were going -- but screenshots show that will change drastically on iPad , with Touchgrind HD .
If you happened to like playing blind , do n't worry ; you can divide that extra real estate in half with a new splitscreen multiplayer mode .-
While gamers were still waiting for decent disc - based Xbox 360 games to arrive back in 2005 , they whiled away the hours with a simple but addictive top - down shooter , Geometry Wars , where the player controlled a lone ship in a box of space surrounded by wave after wave of neon foes .
Then , the action was controlled with a pair of analog sticks ; here , it 's your thumbs in play .
Honestly , we 've always had a soft spot for the underappreciated DS version 's precise touchscreen control even as we mourned its pitiful screen size , so we 've got high hopes for this one .
40 MB , available at launch - Lost , Castle , Modern Family , Grey 's Anatomy -- you can read the above picture -- they 're all coming to iPad on launch day .
Sure , there 's a catch or three .
You 'll need a WiFi connection to use the service , so you 're not going to be able to indulge your secret The Bachelor passion in remote locales over 3G .
Also , ABC only plans to offer part of their lineup ( we hear 20 shows ) and the exact series and episodes offered are of course " subject to change . "
We want it anyhow .
1.5MB , available at launch -
On iPhone , there were any number of apps that teased us with Netflix functionality , but really only let us manage our DVD queue .
On iPad , we 're waiting for the other shoe to drop -- but it looks like this time , we 're getting the whole shebang .
" Just download this free app and you can instantly watch TV shows & movies streaming from Netflix , " reads the iTunes App Store page .
We 'll happily comply .
1.5MB , available at launch -
If this were only a well - constructed way to manage our TV time , we 'd give it a pass -- but judging by the screenshots and description , the Yahoo !
Entertainment app will be a portal into Yahoo's considerable news resources as well , letting you watch video clips and read stories from all around Yahoo right on your iPad.16MB , available at launch - Drag a program window onto your second monitor , then pick it up , take it with you , and continue working .
That 's what Shape Services is selling with its iDisplay , an app that not only extends your Mac ( and eventually Windows ) display onto the iPad , but also allows you to interact with content thus moved with multitouch control and the on - screen keyboard .
Early reports tell us the technology 's not exactly ready for primetime ( read : it crashes a lot ) but now that there 's a proof of concept , we'd bet good money it 's only a matter of time before someone gets this idea right .
[ Via TUAW 0.6MB , available at launch -
Will you really attend important business meetings on an iPad ?
Depends on your boss , we 'd guess .
If he or she has a subscription to Citrix System 's GoToMeeting service and is lenient enough to let you use it from your couch though , you 'll might be able to " dial in " to get two - way audio teleconferencing and view entire presentations -- Citrix says you can pinch - to - zoom on whatever 's displayed on the speaker 's computer screen -- remotely with this app.5.2MB , available at launchHalf those who rated Antecea 's ezDesktop VNC and RDP software on the iTunes App Store gave it a single star , so we do n't have too much hope for the company 's sophomore effort .
However , we definitely want what Antecea says it 's selling -- an app that will theoretically give us complete tablet control over our Windows , Mac and Linux PCs and even redirect their audio back to the iPad , all from the comfort of our couch cushions .
2.3MB , available at launch - Wormhole Remote wo n't support audio redirection , and will only connect your iPad to Macs running Snow Leopard by launch day , unlike the multiplatform Desktop Connect .
Disclaimers out of the way , check out its upside : gesture - based remote control over a streamlined desktop interface that lets you simply flip from one application to the next .
Also , this hilariously creepy video .
Availability unknown ( rejected by Apple , currently resubmitting ) -
But why settle for remote desktop on a PC when you could turn your iPad into a remote control for the entire house ?
That 's what HomeSeer 's HSTouch Pad promises to do .
The interface may not look like much in the above screenshot , sure , but if you 've got a HomeSeer automation system installed , this app gives you live feeds from each camera , touchscreen control over each individual light , temperature control per zone and a home screen which monitors not only the status of your security system , but also weather reports and a RSS feed .
One of a number of home automation apps we expect to roll out soon .
1.5 MB , available at launch
Through the second half of the 1930s motor racing was dominated by two German teams - Auto Union and Mercedes , known collectively as the Silver Arrows - who benefited from state funding from the Nazi regime .
They were almost unstoppable , in effect crushing all viable opposition .
The Silver Arrows drivers were stars in Germany , and the vehicles they drove were propaganda vehicles , unashamedly adorned with swastikas even if not all of those behind the wheels endorsed the Nazi ideal .
Despite that , the value of their success to Hitler was unquestionable .
The 1939 season followed a similar pattern to earlier ones .
The Silver Arrows swept all before them in the major races , leaving the other marques to battle for the scraps in the less important contests .
By the time of the Swiss Grand Prix in August - the fourth and final race counting towards the European championship - much of Europe was preparing for a war which seemed inevitable .
Hermann Lang 's victory , completing the Silver Arrows ' clean sweep , gained him the drivers ' title , albeit in controversial circumstances .
According to the rules at the start of the season , Hermann Müller should have won on points , but Herman Lang had more wins and was favoured by the Nazis .
On August 25 the Mercedes team set out on a 1400 km journey to Belgrade , taking with it a large fuel lorry as a precaution in case it had to get back to Germany under its own steam .
It entered two cars , as did Auto Union , partly an indication that the race was not among the most important and partly a sign that even the teams were not oblivious to the deteriorating political situation around them .
von Brauchitsch prepares for the start of the race © Unknown Enlarge
Lang travelled with the Mercedes team and his team - mate Manfred von Brauchitsch arrived in Belgrade by air from Munich on August 31 .
A cursory inspection of the proposed 3 km course was not encouraging - it was undulating with numerous cobbles and tramlines .
In the practice session that evening Lang was fastest out of the three cars that took part .
The Germans noted the atmosphere was tense in the city and chose to stay in their hotel , although the Mercedes drivers did venture out for a stroll .
Early the next morning drivers and officials were woken early by reporters to be told German troops were attacking Poland .
Lang recalled driving up to a nearby hill , where radio reception was best , to listen to the news .
Emotions were mixed but the organisers pleaded with the Silver Arrows to stay ; had they not then the financial losses would have been substantial .
The decision was not actually in their hands .
Adolf Hühnlein , a high - ranking Nazi official who headed the National Socialist Motor Corps , who controlled German motorsports , ordered them to remain and race to underline German dominance .
As Auto Union were still waiting for Tazio Nuvolari , Ulrich Bigalke joined Müller on the second day of practice , taking the number of cars to four - Alfa Romeo and Maserati , which were tentatively expected , never materialised and the British had been told earlier in the month European travel was unadvisable .
Although Nuvolari finally arrived in Belgrade by train on the Saturday for qualifying , he was understandably off the pace against three drivers who were now familiar with the circuit , even though he had been favoured with a special practice session earlier in the day .
Even von Brauchitsch was faster although an Auto Union official noted he was " still drunk from the previous evening " .
Lang in action before shattered goggles forced him out © Unknown Enlarge
On the morning of the race - Sunday , September 3 - things grew even more serious with the news Britain had declared war on Germany .
Lang remembered hearing the news at breakfast .
" All of us lost every inclination to race but [ Alfred ] Neubauer [ the Mercedes manager ] returned from our embassy with the news we must keep calm and start . "
But shortly after dawn , von Brauchitsch set off for the airport and bought a ticket on a flight to Vienna .
On hearing the news a furious Neubauer immediately went after him , hauled him off the plane and ordered him to compete .
Against this backdrop a series of races took place in the morning - three for motorcycles and four for sports cars - ahead of the main event .
Five cars assembled on the grid ; two each from Auto Union and Mercedes and one local entry , Bosko Milenkovic in an old 2.3 - litre Bugatti T51 .
Milenkovic did not feature in any of the practices and appears to have only joined the others on the day .
At 4.45 pm in warm late - summer sunshine the race started in front of between 75,000 and 100,000 spectators .
von Brauchitsch got the better start from Lang , with the Auto Unions in third and fourth - Milenkovic was woefully slower than the others and by the end was more than 19 laps adrift .
Lang and von Brauchitsch were tearing into each other , ignoring Neubauer 's frantic signals to race as a team .
On the seventh lap a stone from von Brauchitsch 's car flew up and hit Lang .
" Suddenly something hit me and everything went dark , " Lang said .
" [ It ] not only shattered my autoscreen but also both glasses in my goggles .
My eyes were full of splinters . "
He managed to get to the pits , blood streaming down his face , and the Mercedes team doctor pulled glass splinters from his eyes while Walter Bäumer took over his car .
On the 16th lap von Brauchitsch spun and stalled .
" My engine died and I had to let the car run backwards so that it would start again . "
As he turned it round " Nuvolari came round the corner like a shadow … thanks to his extreme driving skills an accident was avoided . " von Brauchitsch 's bullying driving continued , forcing Bäumer into the straw bales and out of the race , but into the second half the rough surface started taking a toll .
Milenkovic had a lengthy stop because he was unable to remove his radiator cap , while von Brauchitsch came in with destroyed tyres , soon followed by the leader , Nuvolari .
But Nuvolari returned with the aid of a push from his mechanics , another rule violation which was spotted by Mercedes .
Neubauer was about to lodge a protest when he was quietly reminded about von Brauchitsch 's own indiscretion .
Nuvolari climbs out of his Auto Union after winning © Unknown Enlarge
After 65 minutes and 50 laps the race was over .
Nuvolari won by 7.6 seconds from von Brauchitsch with Müller a further 23 seconds behind .
Milenkovic , still pottering around , was flagged in .
The Prince Regent , Paul , presented Nuvolari with the cup of King Peter II .
It was the last win of Nuvolari 's brilliant career .
There were no celebrations .
News had arrived during the final laps that France had declared war on Germany , and the two teams wanted to return home as soon as possible .
Mercedes went avoiding Hungary after reports their fuel lorry would be confiscated , even going so far as to split up to make detection harder .
Auto Union , who had taken the precaution of buying up fuel of their own locally , took a different - and unknown - route .
The journey took the teams four days , but there was a final twist to the Belgrade Grand Prix .
Even though Europe was at war , Mercedes and Auto Union continued to exchange letters about the illegal moves of their two drivers .
That was the last grand prix in Europe for almost seven years and the end of a remarkable era .
The Nazi party continued to fund the Silver Arrows until 1941 and senior party officials sought to keep racing going through 1940 in safe territories .
But as the war escalated it was increasingly evident normal racing was not a feasible option as the resources needed to maintain the teams could not be justified .
The last contest , the Mille Miglia , took place on April 28 , 1940 and was won by Huschke von Hanstein and Bäumer .
The photo of the wining pair shows them resplendent in Nazi insignia , although the propaganda machine had to doctor the picture and add the SS logo to Bäumer 's overalls .
The Belgrade Grand Prix also fell victim to politics as it was all but airbrushed out of the record book by Yugoslavia 's communist government , partly because of the role of King Peter and partly because the race was dominated by drivers from fascist countries .
Someone has vomited on your carpet ?
Maybe you had your friends over and someone had too much to drink or your kid or pet was sick ?
Although it ’s quite unpleasant do n’t panic .
It ’s not impossible to clean it .
I have some tips and tricks for you .
Even if you do n’t contact a cleaning company like https://monstercleaning.com to help you - you can do it yourself .
Clean it immediately
You need to be quick .
Do n’t let it sit for too long because the vomit might set deep into the carpet fibers .
If that happens , it can be quite hard to clean it and the smell will be impossible to remove .
Prepare yourself with a trash bag , gloves , a spoon , white vinegar , a spray bottle , and a microfiber cloth / dish towel .
Put on your gloves
on your gloves Use the spoon and scrape the vomit out of the carpet .
Throw it in the trash bag .
the spoon and scrape the vomit out of the carpet .
Throw it in the trash bag .
Put some white vinegar in the spray bottle , add a little water .
some white vinegar in the spray bottle , add a little water .
Spray the solution on the affected area .
the solution on the affected area .
Blot the area using the microfiber cloth or dish towel .
If for some reason you acknowledged the vomit later you can still clean it
Use the same method I described above but with some differences .
Spray the area before you use the spoon .
the area you use the spoon .
Repeat the entire process above until the spot is clean .
Still not able to clean it ?
Get baking soda , a towel , a vacuum cleaner , microfiber cloth / dish towel , a spoon , and a bottle .
Pour the baking soda over the affected area .
the baking soda over the affected area .
Put a towel over the baking soda for at least 15 minutes .
a towel over the baking soda for at least 15 minutes .
Remove the rowel and vacuum the baking soda .
the rowel and vacuum the baking soda .
Grab a spoon and scrape the vomit ( just like in my first tip ) .
a spoon and scrape the vomit ( just like in my first tip ) .
Spray some white vinegar mixed with water .
some white vinegar mixed with water .
Blot using a microfiber cloth or dish towel .
You can also use club soda .
You need a spray bottle and microfiber cloth / dish towel .
This documentary shows the war in Afghanistan at a time where the USA supported the Taliban to fight against their Soviet enemies .
Now the Taliban fight the Americans with weapons they got as a present from the USA just some years before .
Is there anything we can learn out of history ?
Soviet Afghan War
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8-7Ht7_cUu8
But after a while , they said , family members shrugged off the cameras and relaxed .
The same cannot be said of the fieldworkers , most of them childless graduate students seeing combat for the first time .
“ The very purest form of birth control ever devised .
Ever , ” said one , Anthony P. Graesch , a postdoctoral fellow , about the experience .
( Dr. Graesch and his wife have just had their second child . )
In one house , Dr. Graesch was recording locations when an escalating argument threatened to get ugly .
He bailed out for air and continued to track people inside by peeking through the windows .
“ Luckily it was a one - story bungalow , ” he said .
In weekly meetings , the researchers discussed what they were witnessing .
“ Every time we met , I felt like I was on the defensive , ” said Tamar Kremer - Sadlik , the research director , who herself has two children and a working husband .
“ I mean , it ’s not like I approved of everything these parents were doing .
But I could relate to them .
I knew exactly what they were going through . ”
Continual negotiations , for one .
Parents generally were so flexible in dividing up chores and child - care responsibilities — “ catch as catch can , ” one dad described it — that many boundaries were left unclear , adding to the stress .
The couples who reported the least stress tended to have rigid divisions of labor , whether equal or not .
“ She does the inside work , and I do all the outside , and we do n’t interfere ” with each other , said one husband .
The videotapes reveal parents as at - home teachers , enforcing homework deadlines .
As coaches and personal trainers , sorting through piles of equipment .
As camp directors , planning play dates and weekend “ family time . ”
“ The coordination it takes , it ’s more complicated than a theater production , ” said Elinor Ochs , the U.C.L.A. linguistic anthropologist who led the study .
“ And there are no rehearsals . ”
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Friday , April 23 , 2010
Preface from Alex Jones :
To truly grasp the magnitude of this story , you really have to read the entire article .
Immediately after the “ pull it ” controversy , debunkers claimed there was no plan to conduct a controlled demolition of the building .
Now the fact that officials were considering blowing up the building is established , Silverstein ’s consistent denial that this took place is a huge smoking gun .
How did Silverstein expect to demolish the building safely when such a process takes weeks or even months to properly set up , even without the additional chaos surrounding WTC 7 on 9/11 ?
How could explosives have been correctly placed on such short notice inside a burning building that had already been evacuated – unless the explosives were already in place ?
This new revelation is astounding and it needs to be investigated immediately .
A Fox News hit piece against Jesse Ventura and the 9/11 truth movement written by former Washington D.C. prosecutor Jeffrey Scott Shapiro inadvertently reveals a shocking truth , that World Trade Center leaseholder Larry Silverstein , who collected nearly $ 500 million dollars in insurance as a result of the collapse of Building 7 , a 47 - story structure that was not hit by a plane but collapsed within seven seconds on September 11 , was on the phone to his insurance carrier attempting to convince them that the building should be brought down via controlled demolition .
Writing for Fox News , Jeffrey Scott Shapiro states , “ I was working as a journalist for Gannett News at Ground Zero that day , and I remember very clearly what I saw and heard . ”
“ Shortly before the building collapsed , several NYPD officers and Con-Edison workers told me that Larry Silverstein , the property developer of One World Financial Center was on the phone with his insurance carrier to see if they would authorize the controlled demolition of the building – since its foundation was already unstable and expected to fall . ”
In February of 2002 Silverstein Properties won $ 861 million from Industrial Risk Insurers to rebuild on the site of WTC 7 .
Silverstein Properties ’ estimated investment in WTC 7 was $ 386 million .
This building ’s collapse alone resulted in a payout of nearly $ 500 million , based on the contention that it was an unforeseen accidental event .
“ A controlled demolition would have minimized the damage caused by the building ’s imminent collapse and potentially save lives .
Many law enforcement personnel , firefighters and other journalists were aware of this possible option .
There was no secret .
There was no conspiracy , ” writes Shapiro .
However , obviously aware of how it would impact his insurance claim , Larry Silverstein has consistently denied that there was ever a plan to intentionally demolish Building 7 .
In June 2005 , Silverstein told New York Post journalist Sam Smith that his infamous “ pull it ” comment , which has been cited as proof that Silverstein planned to take down the building with explosives , “ meant something else ” .
In January 2006 , Silverstein ’s spokesperson Dara McQuillan told the U.S. State Department that the “ pull it ” comment meant to withdraw firefighters from the building ( despite the fact that there were no firefighters inside WTC 7 as we shall later cover ) .
There was no mention whatsoever of any plan to demolish the building before it fell .
Shapiro ’s faux pas has unwittingly let the cat out of the bag on the fact that Silverstein was aggressively pushing for the building to be intentionally demolished , a claim that he has always vociferously denied , presumably to safeguard against putting in doubt the massive insurance payout he received on the basis that the collapse was accidental .
For over five years since the infamous PBS documentary was aired in which Silverstein states that the decision was made to “ pull ” the building , a construction term for controlled demolition , debunkers have attempted to perform all kinds of mental gymnastics in fudging the meaning behind the WTC leaseholder ’s comments .
“ I remember getting a call from the fire department commander , telling me that they were not sure they were gonna be able to contain the fire , and I said , ‘ We ’ve had such terrible loss of life , maybe the smartest thing to do is pull it .
And they made that decision to pull and we watched the building collapse , ” said Silverstein .
Debunkers attempted to claim that Silverstein meant to “ pull ” the firefighters from the building due to the danger the structure was in , and this explanation was also later claimed by Silverstein ’s spokesman , however , both the FEMA report , the New York Times and even Popular Mechanics reported that there were no firefighting actions taken inside WTC 7 .
Another clip from the same documentary clearly illustrates that the term “ pull ” is industry jargon for a controlled demolition .
“ While I was talking with a fellow reporter and several NYPD officers , Building 7 suddenly collapsed , and before it hit the ground , not a single sound emanated from the tower area .
There were no explosives ; I would have heard them .
In fact , I remember that in those few seconds , as the building sank to the ground that I was stunned by how quiet it was , ” writes Shapiro in his Fox News hit piece .
Shapiro ’s contention that the 47 - story building simply collapsed into its own footprint within seven seconds without making a sound , a feat only ever witnessed in world history on 9/11 alone , is contradicted by numerous other first - hand eyewitnesses .
Contradicting Shapiro ’s claim that the collapse of the building was quiet , NYPD officer Craig Bartmer stated that he clearly heard bombs tear down Building 7 as he ran away from its collapse .
“ I walked around it ( Building 7 ) .
I saw a hole .
I did n’t see a hole bad enough to knock a building down , though .
Yeah there was definitely fire in the building , but I did n’t hear any …
I did n’t hear any creaking , or … I did n’t hear any indication that it was going to come down .
And all of a sudden the radios exploded and everyone started screaming ‘ get away , get away , get away from it !’…
It was at that moment …
I looked up , and it was nothing I would ever imagine seeing in my life .
The thing started pealing in on itself …
Somebody grabbed my shoulder and I started running , and the shit ’s hitting the ground behind me , and the whole time you ’re hearing “ boom , boom , boom , boom , boom . ”
I think I know an explosion when I hear it …
Yeah it had some damage to it , but nothing like what they ’re saying …
Nothing to account for what we saw …
I am shocked at the story we ’ve heard about it to be quite honest , ” said Bartmer .
EMT Indira Singh , a Senior Consultant for JP Morgan Chase in Information Technology and Risk Management , told the Pacifica show Guns and Butter , “ After midday on 9/11 we had to evacuate that because they told us Building 7 was coming down .
If you had been there , not being able to see very much just flames everywhere and smoke – it is entirely possible – I do believe that they brought Building 7 down because I heard that they were going to bring it down because it was unstable because of the collateral damage . ”
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
{openx:49}
The host asked Singh , “ Did they actually use the word “ brought down ” and who was it that was telling you this ? , ” to which Singh responded , “ The fire department .
And they did use the words ‘ we ’re gonna have to bring it down ’ and for us there observing the nature of the devastation it made total sense to us that this was indeed a possibility , given the subsequent controversy over it I do n’t know . ”
Another EMT named Mike who wished to remain anonymous wrote in a letter to the Loose Change film crew that emergency responders were told Building 7 was about to be “ pulled ” and that a 20 second radio countdown preceded its collapse .
“ There were bright flashes up and down the sides of Building 7 , you could see them through the windows … and it collapsed .
We all knew it was intentionally pulled … they told us , ” he stated .
Following news reports in the days after the attack that Building 7 had collapsed due to fire damage , Mike fully expected this mistake to be corrected after the chaos had subsided , but was astonished when it became part of the official story .
Mike ’s report of a countdown preceding the collapse of WTC 7 was backed up by Former Air Force Special Operations for Search and Rescue , Kevin McPadden , who said that he heard the last few seconds of the countdown on a nearby police radio .
In addition , the language used by firefighters and others at ground zero shortly before the building fell strongly indicates that the building was deliberately demolished with explosives , and not that it fell unaided .
“ It ’s blowin ’ boy . ” …
“ Keep your eye on that building , it ’ll be coming down soon . ” …
“ The building is about to blow up , move it back . ” …
“ Here we are walking back .
There ’s a building , about to blow up … ”
Photo and video evidence of the collapse of Building 7 shows classic indications of a controlled demolition .
The standard ‘ crimp ’ in the center - left top of the building and the subsequent ’ squibs ’ of smoke as it collapses clearly represent explosive demolition .
Veteran news anchor Dan Rather shared the view that the building looked like a controlled demolition during news coverage of the event on CBS .
Several news agencies , including the BBC and CNN , reported that the building had already collapsed 26 minutes and as much as over an hour before it actually fell .
Footage broadcast 20 minutes before Building 7 fell shows BBC reporter Jane Standley talking about the collapse of WTC 7 while it remains standing in the live shot behind her head .
A Separate BBC broadcast shows reporters discussing the collapse of Building 7 26 minutes before it happened .
Just about every sentence of Shapiro ’s hit piece is contradicted by numerous other eyewitnesses , so his feigned righteous indignation in ranting , “ I was there .
I know what happened , and there is no single credible piece of evidence that implicates the United States of America in the Sept. 11 attacks , ” fails to ring true .
However , the most damning aspect of the article is Shapiro ’s inadvertent revelation that Larry Silverstein was on the phone to his insurance company pushing for the building to be demolished , which is precisely what happened later in the day , and as innumerable eyewitnesses as well as video footage and physical evidence prove , the collapse of WTC 7 could have been nothing else than a controlled demolition , which would place Silverstein ’s $ 500 million insurance payout in severe jeopardy if ever acknowledged .
Shapiro ’s testimony , intended to debunk questions surrounding the official story behind 9/11 , has only succeeded in raising more , because it completely contradicts Larry Silverstein ’s insistence that he never considered deliberately demolishing WTC 7 with explosives .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Provoking pro-choice advocates , Oklahoma has passed into law two highly restrictive abortion measures .
One requires doctors to show women an ultrasound of their fetus and point out its physical characteristics — even if the patient was impregnated through rape or incest .
( Watch a news report about the abortion controversy . )
Here 's how these " extreme " measures came about :
Was the bill passed easily ?
No .
The state 's Democratic Gov. Brad
Henry initially vetoed the bill , but , this week , Oklahoma 's legislature voted 32 – 12 to overrule Henry 's veto and make the bill law .
What is fueling the controversy ?
The first measure , which legally requires doctors to give any pregnant woman considering an abortion an ultrasound probe , plus a " detailed description of the fetus , " before she makes her final decision .
How " detailed " ?
The doctor must " describe the heart , limbs , and organs of the fetus . "
What about the second measure ?
It stipulates that doctors cannot be sued if they decide not to tell an expectant mother that her baby has birth defects .
What are the bill 's detractors saying ?
Gov .
Henry called the law 's first measure an " unconstitutional invasion of privacy " and condemned the second as " unconscionable . "
Claire Potter at Tenured Radical suggests that forcing women to undergo an ultrasound probe against their will meets " the technical statutory definition of rape in Oklahoma . "
How do the bill 's supporters respond ?
They say it prevents women from making ill - informed decisions and protects doctors from being sued for following their religious beliefs .
Glenn Coffee , the Republican majority leader of the state legislature , called the overturning of the veto a " good day for the cause of life . "
What 's next ?
Henry says the bill is unconstitutional and will likely be overturned in court .
The Center for Reproductive Rights , a pro-choice group , has already filed a lawsuit .
Meanwhile , Oklahoma is preparing to vote on another anti-abortion bill that would require women to fill out a survey about their decision .
Is Oklahoma unique in having such stringent abortion laws ?
Although these measures are " considered some of the strictest in the country , " says NPR , Florida legislators are readying a similar bill .
And in Missouri , lawmakers are mulling a bill that would actually require women to listen to their unborn child 's heartbeat " if the heartbeat is audible . "
Sources : New York Times , CNN , Prospect , Tenured Radical , NPR
New York ( CNN ) --
The three men accused of plotting to bomb the New York City subway last year planned to attack trains at Times Square and Grand Central stations , a federal law enforcement source said Monday .
Najibullah Zazi and his two co-defendants wanted to inflict maximum casualties around the anniversary of the September 11 terrorist attacks , the source said .
The trio , wearing homemade bombs , plotted to position themselves in the middle of busy subway cars in order to kill the most people , probably targeting the 1 , 2 , 3 , or 6 line trains , the source said .
Since his arrest , Zazi has given authorities information about the plot .
The law enforcement source said Zazi would probably have chosen September 14 for the attack , but was also considering the September 15 or 16 .
Zazi's co-defendants , Adis Medunjanin and Zarein Ahmedzay , are indicted in the plot and have pleaded not guilty .
All three men went to the same high school in Flushing , Queens , New York .
The plot was foiled when the FBI began following Zazi and police stopped him on a bridge into New York .
Zazi said that prompted him to dump his bomb materials and return to Denver , Colorado , where he was working as a shuttle driver , authorities said .
Prosecutors have said they plan one or two more arrests overseas .
Zazi is scheduled for sentencing in June .
Guest blogger : lawiscool.com
Do you think you own your car ?
If the government convinces a judge that it ’s more likely than not that your car is " tainted " with crime , the court can let the government take it from you .
No conviction , trial , specific victim , or even specific crime are required .
Ontario ’s Attorney General asked the courts to let him seize a house and trucks of an alleged bike thief and drug dealer months before he could even stand trial .
Another man lost thousands in cash and some personal property to the government because the banknotes smelled of marijuana .
The government justifies this law by the need to fight crime and recover its costs .
But the really interesting question for all of us is what property really means , do we have any true rights to it , and what the government can do to our property .
Although these cases involved people who seem to be different from most of us , we should learn that ownership in Canada is really a permission from the government to have something , whether we are shady characters or law - school professors .
Igor Kenk had a bike store on Queen West in Toronto .
One day cops staked him out .
They saw money change hands after some guy cut locks on a bike and brought the bike to Kenk .
They saw it twice , and then they arrested Kenk .
After searching his store and other addresses connected to him , they found hundreds of bicycles , pounds of pot and some cocaine .
The police charged Kenk with theft and possession for the purpose of trafficking .
About 500 bikes were claimed after a public showing .
The remaining 2292 bikes went to storage because no one showed up for them .
Kenk was arrested in July , 2008 .
In October , the province gave him a notice that it would be applying to court for a forfeiture of his store , the bicycles , and his two pickup trucks under the Civil Remedies Act .
Not only did he not have his criminal trial yet , but even his preliminary hearing will not be held until next March .
Kenk is not the first man to see his property slip to the government ’s hands without any criminal conviction .
Robin Chatterjee lost almost $ 30,000 in cash and other personal property without even being charged with a crime .
All it took was the smell of marijuana coming from his things when the police stopped Chatterjee ’s car for a minor violation .
The police did n’t find any actual pot .
When the Attorney General of Ontario asked the courts to let the government keep Chatterjee ’s property , Chatterjee started a legal battle .
He claimed the Civil Remedies Act was against the constitution .
And he lost at every step of the way , including at the Supreme Court .
But his case became a leading judicial decision on civil forfeiture — government ’s taking of crime - connected property without compensation .
In many Canadian provinces , legislatures gave the government a right to take crime - connected property with a court ’s permission .
In Ontario , this right comes from the Civil Remedies Act .
This law allows the government to take “ proceeds ” and “ instruments ” of “ unlawful activity ” without compensation .
The purpose of the law is to compensate victims of crime in general and to recover costs of crime .
Your property only needs to be associated with or “ tainted ” by crime to fall under the law ’s sweep .
The government does n’t have to prove you committed any crime .
It does n’t have to produce any specific victim of crime .
It simply must show to the court that your property is “ tainted . ”
The standard of proof is more - likely - true - than - not , also known as the balance of probabilities .
The Chatterjee case ended up supporting the Civil Remedies Act .
His lawyers started at the Ontario ’s Superior Court by attacking the law on many fronts .
They claimed that the province does n’t have the power to pass a law that is essentially a criminal law .
Under the Canadian constitution , only the federal government can do that .
The court rejected this argument and said that a forfeiture to recover costs of crime and compensate victims is a matter of property and civil rights in the province .
The lawyers also claimed that the law breached four sections of the Charter .
The Superior Court disagreed again .
On appeal , Chatterjee ’s lawyers dropped two Charter challenges out of four but still lost on all counts .
The version of the case that reached the Supreme Court of Canada did n’t allege any Charter violations .
All Chatterjee tried to claim was that Ontario overstepped its powers because the Civil Remedies Act was essentially a criminal statute designed to punish people .
The SCC unanimously rejected the appeal .
So , the Ontario law stands as it is .
Our courts made it clear that the Charter does not apply when the government takes our property to recover costs of crime , even if you did n’t commit any crime .
What ’s more , courts ’ rulings show that the Charter does not protect our property from the government at all .
First , the Charter does n’t even mention “ property . ”
Second , not a single Charter section Chatterjee relied on convinced the courts that the Charter could imply property protection .
He tried sections 7 , 8 , 9 , and 11 ( d ) .
Section 7 guarantees us fundamental justice when the government tries to take our life , liberty , or security .
Section 8 protects us from unreasonable search and seizure .
Section 9 prohibits the government from arbitrary arrests .
Section 11 ( d ) guarantees presumption of innocence and a fair trial .
The Superior Court held that s. 7 does not protect “ economic interests . ”
It also said that even the stress and the stigma of losing your property under the label of crime are not enough to harm our “ security ” that s. 7 protects .
As for s. 8 , the court said it applies to privacy , not property .
Section 9 was rejected outright .
Section 11 ( d ) did n’t fly because the court held that “ civil forfeiture [ did ] not qualify as an offence . ”
So there was no presumption of innocence to protect or fair trial to guarantee .
Our courts could n’t find any protection of private property from government action in the Charter .
You can say that you do n’t care because people like Kenk and Chatterjee are bad guys , even if no court of law convicted them of any crime .
It looks like a pretty smart idea to go after a bad guy ’s assets when there is a chance some sleazy lawyer will get him off .
It should n’t happen to us because we are not bad guys .
Our stuff does n’t smell of marijuana .
But the Civil Remedies
Act does n’t just target people who smell like drugs .
You only need to be in the wrong place at the wrong time or even let wrong people use your property to get caught by this law .
The statute specifically allows the government to take property of mentally ill found not criminally responsible or of people who were acquitted or who were n’t even charged .
Again , this law does n’t require any specific crime or any specific victim .
Your property only needs to be “ tainted . ”
The reasons are noble but the net is wide , and it ’s the breadth of the law that you should be worried about .
The law does n’t work with exceptions .
It targets general categories .
Because laws apply to general groups of people and do n’t include lists of good guys , we should always check them for potential abuses .
But this case also gives us a good chance to see what private property means in Canada in general .
Chatterjee ’s lawyers threw all Charter sections they could think of at the Superior Court judge .
All failed .
They dropped two out of four on appeal .
Still no luck .
Finally before the Supreme Court of Canada , all Charter challenges to property taking by the government were abandoned .
And there is a good reason for that .
Our modern constitutional law does not protect private property .
We need to know this to understand our government and our legal system and to plan our lives accordingly .
The starting point in this understanding should be the question of what property is .
Property is not a thing , it ’s a relationship , as they say in first - year law - school classes .
Your car is your property because you are in a certain relationship with other people .
This relationship gives you a right to exclude anyone else from driving your car .
The other end of this relationship is that other people have a duty not to take your car without your permission .
But the most important thing about this relationship that makes your car your property is that the government will enforce it .
The police will charge a car thief with a criminal offence .
The courts will convict him or will order him to return the car if he took it accidentally .
The only reason your car is yours is because the government lets you have it .
The government gives you a permission to keep your car and to exclude others .
If the government decides to take its permission back , you lose your property or some part of it .
For example , if a police officer needs your car in an emergency , he can lawfully take it from you .
Or the Parliament can pass a law allowing the government to take all cars with a milage below 10 mpg catching your Hummer in the net .
There is no legal limit to how the Parliament can change your property relationships through statute because there are no constitutional protections of private property in Canada .
That ’s why Chatterjee ’s Charter arguments failed so miserably .
We do not have a right to property in Canada like we have a right to life , liberty , or security .
And the Ontario legislature can’t just pass a law infringing on those three lightly like it can with property rights .
The Charter forces the government to follow the principles of fundamental justice if it wants to imprison , kill , or endanger someone .
The criminal process is extremely demanding on the government because of the Charter , and the Parliament ca n’t take these rights from us because it ca n’t change the Charter on its own .
For these reasons , our rights guaranteed by the Charter are truly our rights .
Everything else are just privileges granted by the government , including property and ownership .
You can say that the government is not some evil organization to be feared and distrusted , and you will be absolutely right .
Canada is a democracy but the democracy is nothing but the rule of a majority .
The very reason we put some crucial rights away from Parliament ’s reach is to protect them from the majority .
History knows many examples when democratic majorities persecuted smaller groups of citizens .
For this reason , it ’s important to know what rights are protected and what rights are not .
The Ontario ’s Civil Remedies
Act is a good example of how our property rights in Canada are not protected from the government .
The public should know this , even if there are many perfectly good reasons for this lack of constitutional protection .
The public should know that our property is just a government ’s permission to call some things “ ours . ”
This permission is not permanent , nor does the government have to follow any special fair process to take this permission back .
Still , Canada ’s federal and provincial governments have traditionally respected the stability of property and ownership .
Because private property is critical to the survival and prosperity of our country , there is no reason to believe that Canadians will support any Parliament that tries to change the status quo .
But we should be watchful when it comes to small abuses , especially against our less fortunate citizens “ tainted ” with crime , because there is no Charter challenge that can help them .
http://lawiscool.com
In a new CNN / Opinion Research poll , the ephemeral nature of the Tea Party movement is once again revealed .
When asked for their opinion of Tea Parties , respondents were decidedly unenthusiastic .
April January Strongly Support 12 % 15 % Moderately Support 15 % 20 % Moderately Oppose 6 % 8 % Strongly Oppose 21 % 11 % Do n’t Know Enough 45 % 45 %
While the total numbers for support and opposition are tied at 27 % , the support numbers have declined since January and those strongly opposed have doubled .
A mere 4 % reported having attended a Tea Party rally or meeting .
And , although little attention is usually paid to the “ Do n’t Know ” response , 45 is a pretty high figure .
Nearly half the country has no opinion at all about the Tea Party .
These numbers confirm previous polling that shows the Tea Party to be a much smaller phenomenon than the impression given to it by the media .
It incorporates a tiny percentage of the population and is widely disliked .
This disparity between the reality and the press coverage is something I detailed in two previous reports :
The Tea Party Delusion and The Phony Populism Of The Tea Crusades
The Tea Bag sag coincides with the plummeting popularity of the Tea Bag Hag , Sarah Palin .
The CNN poll showed Palin ’s favorability rating at 39 % ( 55 % unfavorable ) .
69 % of respondents said that she is not qualified to be president .
She came in third in preference rankings following Mike Huckabee and Mitt Romney .
And while Obama beats all three in head - to - head match - ups , Palin fares the worst losing 55 % to 42 % .
This confirms the findings of a Fox News poll in January that had Obama over Palin 55/31 .
The facts notwithstanding , many in the media will continue to push the Myth of the Bagged Teasers as if it were a credible force in contemporary politics .
They will saturate the air with coverage of tomorrow ’s tax day Tea Bagging and pretend that this fringe ( and often vulgar and violent ) group deserves recognition .
And Fox News will , once again lead the parade with its top anchors dispatched around the country to herald the phony movement that they helped to invent .
It ’s particularly telling that Fox , and their partners in talk radio , have invested so much time and money in the Tea Crusades and have so little to show for it : 4 % participation and overwhelming unfavorability .
By any measure , that ’s a lousy return on investment .
[ Addendum ] CBS also released a poll that asks Tea Partiers about themselves .
The short story :
They are old , white , Republican , Fox News junkies who believe that Obama is a foreign - born socialist .
Surprise !
TUESDAY , APRIL 20 , 2010 IDW PUBLISHING FIRST LOOKS FIRST LOOK : THE A - TEAM : WAR STORIES : MURDOCK
The A - Team : War Stories : Murdock will arrive in stores on April 28 from IDW Publishing .
The issue is written by Chuck Dixon and Erik Burnham , art by Guiu Vilanova , cover by Michael Gaydos .
Here 's how IDW describes the issue : " A standalone prequel to this summer 's most anticipated movie !
H.M. ' Howling Mad ' Murdock is as crazy as they come -- crazy like a fox , those closest to him would say .
Whatever the case , none can deny that Murdock is a fearless pilot and soldier -- a true warrior who will never leave a fellow warrior behind ... even if it costs him his own sanity . "
The A - Team : War Stories : Murdock will be 32 pages and will cost $ 3.99 .
CLICK FOR LARGER IMAGES
FIRST LOOK : ANGEL # 32 Angel # 32 will arrive in stores on April 28 from IDW Publishing .
The issue is written by Bill Willingham and Bill Williams , with art by Brian Denham and David Messina and covers by Jenny Frison and Messina .
Here 's how IDW describes the issue :
As more vampires start running around Hollywood , Connor and crew must figure out a way to stop the carnage and deal with his little merry band of demon girls .
Meanwhile , Angel has it out with his captors , before learning that things really can get weirder than he thought . "
Angel # 32 will be 32 pages and will cost $ 3.99 .
CLICK FOR LARGER IMAGES
FIRST LOOK : ARMY OF TWO # 4 Army of Two # 4 will arrive in stores on April 28 from IDW Publishing .
The issue is written by Peter Milligan , with art by Dexter Soy and Jose Marzan Jr. , cover by Chester Ocampo .
Here 's how IDW describes the issue : " Stockholm Syndrome and Mexican Mayhem , as Jaime 's bid for power over Êthe Maras reaches its most murderous .
Meanwhile , Rios is a marked man after killing Borges , the Êleader of the prison gang .
Can Salem rescue Rios before the prisoners Êexact revenge ?
Or has being in prison changed Rios into a gangster ? "
Army of Two # 4 will be 32 pages and will cost $ 3.99 .
CLICK FOR LARGER IMAGES
FIRST LOOK : G.I. JOE : COBRA II # 4 G.I. Joe : Cobra II # 4 will arrive in stores on April 28 from IDW Publishing .
The issue is written by Mike Costa and Christos N. Gage , with art by Antonio Fuso and covers by Howard Chaykin and Fuso .
Here 's how IDW describes the issue : " The plans of Cobra , Chuckles , and the agents following him all collide .
Can anyone survive ?
Will the Joes get what they want from Chuckles ... by any means necessary ?
And brace yourself for a last page that will impact the entire line of G.I. Joe books ! "
G.I. Joe : Cobra II # 4 will be 32 pages and will cost $ 3.99 .
CLICK FOR LARGER IMAGES
FIRST LOOK : THE LAST UNICORN # 1 The Last Unicorn # 1 will arrive in stores on April 28 from IDW Publishing .
The issue is written by Peter S. Beagle and Peter B. Gillis , with art and cover by Renae De Liz .
Here 's how IDW describes the issue : " Whimsical .
Lyrical .
Poignant .
Adapted for the first time from the acclaimed and beloved novel by Peter S. Beagle , The Last Unicorn is a tale for any age about the wonders of magic , the power of love , and the tragedy of loss .
The unicorn , alone in her enchanted wood , discovers that she may be the last of her kind .
Reluctant at first , she sets out on a journey to find her fellow unicorns , even if it means facing the terrifying anger of the Red Bull and malignant evil of the king who wields his power . "
The Last Unicorn # 1 will be 32 pages and cost $ 3.99 .
CLICK FOR LARGER IMAGES
FIRST LOOK : LOCKE & KEY : CROWN OF SHADOWS # 5 Locke & Key : Crown of Shadows # 5 will arrive in stores on April 28 from IDW Publishing .
The issue is written by Joe Hill , with art and cover by Gabriel Rodriguez .
Here 's how IDW describes the issue : " Chapter 5 : Light of Day .
Four words : ' Giants hitting each other . ' "
Locke & Key : Crown of Shadows # 5 will be 32 pages and will cost $ 3.99 .
CLICK FOR LARGER IMAGES
FIRST LOOK : SONG OF SAYA # 3 Song of Saya # 3 will arrive in stores on April 28 from IDW Publishing .
The issue is written by Daniel Liatowitsch and Todd Ocvirk , with art and cover by Yair Herrera .
Here 's how IDW describes the issue : " Based on the Japanese smash - hit PC game , in this stunning and heartbreaking conclusion , Josh and Saya track down the rogue doctors performing barbaric , experimental surgeries on human subjects ... all in a quest to gain access to Saya 's world .
Josh and Saya 's pledge to put a stop to it all culminates in a blood - soaked , mind - blowing finale in which they both pay the ultimate price . "
Song of Saya # 3 will be 32 pages and will cost $ 3.99 .
CLICK FOR LARGER IMAGES
FIRST LOOK : STAR TREK MOVIE ADAPTATION # 3 Star Trek Movie Adaptation # 3 will arrive in stores on April 28 from IDW Publishing .
The issue is written by Alex Kurtzman , Robert Orci , Mike Johnson and Tim Jones , with art and cover by David Messina .
Here 's how IDW describes the issue :
The official comics adaptation of the blockbuster film !
The creative team behind the best - selling Star Trek : Countdown returns to continue the story as Kirk and Spock meet for the first time at Starfleet Academy !
This mini-series , includes scenes not included in the film ! "
Star Trek Movie Adaptation # 3 will be 32 pages and will cost $ 3.99 .
CLICK FOR LARGER IMAGES
FIRST LOOK : TANK GIRL : THE ROYAL ESCAPE # 2 Tank Girl : The Royal Escape # 2 will arrive in stores on April 28 from IDW Publishing .
The issue is written by Alan C. Martin , with art and cover by Rufus Dayglo .
Here 's how IDW describes the issue : " Hold onto you brain as the ride gets even stranger .
Dayglo and Martin land us somewhere between The Trip and Ray Harryhausen as Tank Girl and her team struggle to find way out of the certain death that waits them .
Not recommended for children , the elderly Êor wussies . "
Tank Girl : The Royal Escape # 2 will be 32 pages and will cost $ 3.99 .
CLICK FOR LARGER IMAGES
FIRST LOOK : TRANSFORMERS #6 Transformers # 6 will arrive in stores on April 28 from IDW Publishing .
The issue is written by Mike Costa , with art and covers by Don Figueroa .
Here 's how IDW describes the issue : " It 's the Autobots versus the biggest foe they 've faced since Devastator !
But with Optimus Prime in captivity , do our heroes stand a chance ? "
Transformers # 6 will be 32 pages and will cost $ 3.99 .
CLICK FOR LARGER IMAGES
E-mail the Continuum at RobAlls@aol.com
Return to the Continuum home page
Copyright © 2010 , The Comics Continuum
Giant African
Snails are the largest species of snails on the planet , with a shell that can grow up to 30 cm long and 15 cm in diameter .
Native to the tropical forests of Ghana , Africa , Giant African Snails live in tropical conditions , with no natural enemies .
That , combined with the fact each snail can lay up to twelve hundred eggs per year , makes their large population , a problem .
wherever a colony of these giant snails settles down , all other species of tree snails go extinct .
Their insatiable appetite for any kind of plants and fruits , makes Giant African Snails pests , in their homeland .
Just so you can get an idea , these things eat even the stucco and paint , buildings .
Like all snails , GAS are hermaphrodite and very prolific .
Just one pair of snails can turn into an 8 to 10 billion colony , in their 5 - 7 year life span .
Another half cycle like this , and we ’re looking at 16 quadrillion giant crawlers .
It ’s a scary image , especially since they can bury themselves for up to 6 months , if the climate is n’t right for them
While they ’re regarded as parasites , in Africa , in the Western World , Giant African Snails are some of the most coveted pets on the market , because of their intelligence and ability to reproduce sounds .
Actually , I ’m pulling your leg , people just like them because their huge , slimy and hard to come by .
Photo Credits
Photo Credits
Photo Credits
Photo Credits
Photo Credits
Photo Credits
Photo Credits
Photo Credits
Photo Credits
Photo Credits
Photo Credits
At 3.79 million square miles , the United States is a pretty big place , but what if all 300 million of us moved into one state ?
According to this neat infographic based on Brooklyn ’s population density , Americans could all live “ comfortably ” in an “ area the size of New Hampshire ” and still have “ extra room for parks . ”
Sounds delightful .
| Cartophilia|
For much of the season , myself and other Coyotes faithfuls were tortured by national media commentators telling us the dire status of our team and how hockey simply does n't work in the Valley of the Sun where the temperature does not dip low enough in the winter months to allow for backyard pond hockey .
Like most of the season ticket holders and huge Coyotes fans that I know , we just went along , pointing out the issues with the way that the questions were framed .
We pointed out the poor decisions that the team had made , the 8 years of losing , the bankruptcy , the lack of marketing , etc. etc .
In the end , we knew one thing , hockey could succeed in Phoenix .
Last week , Derek Zona posted this article on From the Rink with this season 's final attendance numbers for each team .
His notes on the Coyotes were :
Everyone 's favorite NHL story , the Phoenix Coyotes , saw the biggest drop in attendance from 14,876 ( 84 % capacity ) a year ago to 11,989 ( 67 % capacity ) this season .
The ownership issues obviously had an enormous impact on the attendance numbers , as the television ratings jumped 24 % from 9,200 households to 11,500 households .
I inquired whether a month - by - month breakdown could be made , but it was not to be .
So I scurried around and found the numbers myself , and they reflect a lot of what I witnessed throughout the season .
A dreadful beginning , followed by a steady rise following Christmas and a very strong finish ...
After the jump , I 'll explore a couple of breakdowns of the numbers and what I think it shows for the future viability of hockey in Phoenix ...
First , let 's just look at the month - by - month breakdown .
Note that the Coyotes only played 2 home games in the months of February and April , so those numbers have a bit of small sample size concerns :
October 9,999 November 9,843 December 11,122 January 12,195 February 15,078 March 14,730 April 17,140
As you can see , there is a steady rise in attendance throughout the season .
While the final average attendance was just 11,989 ( ranking dead last in the NHL ) , the Coyotes post - Christmas attendance averaged 13,870 , which was better than the Thrashers or the Islanders and within a hundred of the Avalanche .
Is it right to completely discount the first half of the season ?
Of course not ; but it is clear that once the Coyotes started winning , and more and more news came out about the ownership probably being resolved , fans started to come out to Glendale .
Some additional numbers of interest : Coyotes Saturday attendance averaged 13,359 for the season and 15,759 post -Christmas .
That 's a very healthy number of fans making it out to Glendale for those Saturday games .
Additionally , the only three games post - Christmas that did not break 10,000 fans were Tuesday , January 12 against the Sharks ( 9,248 ) ; Thursday , January 14 against the Devils ( 9,430 ) ; and Thursday January 21 against the Predators ( 9,142 ) .
Although those are very poor numbers , they were certainly the anomaly and not the rule .
And they are three mid-week games without large transplant fanbases in Phoenix .
The first two playoffs games have been huge successes with sell out crowds of over 17,000 for each .
Friday night 's game is ( or will soon be ) a 3rd sellout , marking the 7th straight for the team ( and as an aside , the breakdown of Coyotes to Red Wings fans for games 1 and 2 was probably 85 - 15 and 75 - 25 , respectively ) .
What does it all mean ?
I think it means that there are plenty of people that are willing to support the Coyotes in Phoenix and make it the successful franchise that the NHL believes it can be .
Will these fans keep showing up indefinitely ?
Of course not ; not unless the product on the ice continues to be worth seeing .
Phoenix has a fickle fanbase and the only team that has any real history here are the Suns , and even they were struggling to sell tickets at the beginning of the season before folks knew that they would be a decent team .
Winning this first round series against Detroit will help significantly in galvanizing the goodwill of the fans in Phoenix .
Settling the ownership situation ASAP and spending the summer planning an aggressive marketing campaign will help prevent the drop - off when the next season opens .
Having another successful season next year and challenging for the Pacific Division crown will really be the key .
I guess the point I 'd like to leave you with is this : I challenge any fanbase that is not one of the Maple Leafs , Canadiens , Red Wings , Rangers , Flyers and maybe one or two others that are slipping my mind to suffer a period of prolonged disappointment and not see the types of attendance woes that we saw in Phoenix in the early part of this season .
The Penguins and Capitals were having terrible attendance numbers prior to their recent successes .
Even last year , the attendance was not great , but it was decent ( 14,876 average attendance , fairly steady throughout the season ) .
The beginning part of this season was hell for Coyotes fans , and the fans that were with me for the games when the attendance was under 8,000 truly wondered whether it was a pipedream to keep our team .
Is the fanbase perfect ?
No , but which fanbase really is ?
Can it and will it succeed ?
I think so .
The bandwagon may be large , but it 's not all folks that do n't know anything about hockey .
It 's a lot of folks that just had been turned off by the negativity surrounding the team over the past few years and especially this past summer .
Sure , some folks are just starting to get into hockey and do n't know all the rules yet , but keep cultivating this fanbase by putting a winning product on the ice , and I have no doubt that the Coyotes will be every bit as successful as Dallas in establishing a franchise that nobody is talking about moving every few years .
Arch Linux and XMonad 15 May 2010 technology
{ width = " 500 ” height = " 293 ” }
Warning : Geekery ahead !
I 've been meaning to write for a long time about the EeePC 1000HE I got last August and Arch Linux .
When I got the netbook , I installed Arch , and used Awesome as a window manager .
It worked well , but then — in a fit of curiosity and tweakery — I decided to try out Jolicloud .
Jolicloud is a nice distribution , specially designed for netbooks , and every single feature on the EeePC worked perfectly out of the box .
However , I missed the elegance of Arch Linux , and more importantly , the long battery life .
I may have had something misconfigured , but with Jolicloud , my battery life was around 4.5 to 5 hours , whereas with Arch Linux and Awesome , I was getting 8 hours with WiFi switched on and more than 9 hours with it off .
I 'm going to be using the netbook in the field in Brazil this year , where power outlets are sparse and power cuts frequent , so I recently wiped the drive and reinstalled Arch Linux .
Arch is a very clean and elegant distribution , where you basically get only the barest of essentials by default , and then build your system up the way you want .
Consequently , it 's not ideal for beginners , but it is a great way to learn about maintaining and configuring a system , and it 's brilliant for netbooks , where you want to minimise resource use .
Although it is not a beginner 's distribution , I have to say that the wiki and forums are the best around , and I 've always found the answer to my questions there .
I think it 's telling that when I 've been Googling for answers to some non-Arch related Linux questions , results from the Arch Linux wiki or forum have always featured prominently , and have always been useful .
Anyway , I had obviously learned a bit the first time round , because this installation and configuration session went much more smoothly , and I 've managed to get the things I had issues with last time ( like hibernation and font configuration ) properly sorted out .
I 've also started using XMonad as a window manager .
Like Awesome , it 's a tiling window manager , meaning that it automatically organises placement of your windows for you , and allows you to use just the keyboard to navigate and manage them .
I liked Awesome , but for some reason , I had a hard time modifying the configuration to my liking , without totally breaking things .
I thought that XMonad would be even harder , because the configuration file is in Haskell — a language I do n't know .
Haskell turned out to be easier to understand than I thought , and because you can set up your configuration to override some of the default settings ( rather than having to write a full , replacement configuration ) , the file can be quite concise and easy to write and maintain .
I 've got a couple of very thin status bars as you can see in the screenshot above ( and here ) which take up very little vertical space , and there is no window chrome which all means that you maximise the screen space for content — important on such a small screen .
I think that I 've got things set up the way I like now .
I 've got very few applications with GUIs ( just Chromium , gVim , Inkspace , Gimp , evince , OpenOffice ( for emergencies ) and TeXMaker ) , but I have some nice command line applications .
I 'm using mc for file management , feh for image viewing ( and setting the desktop background ) , R for statistics and graphs , irssi for occasional IRC use , scrot for screenshots and twidge for Twittering .
I 've also managed to set up Dropbox as a daemon , with the dropbox .py script to check status and other things , so that I do n't need a panel or dock .
I find this barebones system oddly bracing and refreshing .
On the Mac , I love the way that everything Just Works , and the fact that the applications are so beautifully designed ( aesthetically and functionally ) .
Arch Linux is almost the opposite of that ( with the exception of the functional part ) : things work very well , but only if you configure them yourself , and the command line applications I have chosen , while beautiful in their own way , are completely different from their Mac counterparts .
There is occasionally a bit of mental crashing of gears going from one to the other , but more often it is a refreshing switch , like having a cool shower .
The stripped down system suits my little netbook ( nicknamed ' Archie ' of course ) very well .
( NaturalNews ) Psychiatrists have been working on the fourth revision of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders ( DSM ) and , in it , they hope to add a whole slew of new psychiatric disorders .
Unfortunately , many of these disorders are merely differences in personality and behavior among people .
The new edition may include " disorders " like " oppositional defiant disorder " , which includes people who have a pattern of " negativistic , defiant , disobedient and hostile behavior toward authority figures . "
Some of the " symptoms " of this disorder including losing one 's temper , annoying people and being " touchy " .
Other " disorders " being considered include personality flaws like antisocial behavior , arrogance , cynicism or narcissism .
There are even categories for people who binge eat and children who have temper tantrums .
Children are already over - diagnosed for allegedly being bipolar or having attention - deficit disorder ( ADD ) , which results in their being prescribed dangerous antipsychotic drugs .
To categorize even more childhood behaviors as psychiatric disorders will only further increase the number of children who will be needlessly prescribed antipsychotic drugs .
Each new revision of DSM has included controversial new additions , and this newest version is no exception .
In fact , the manual has increased considerably in size over the years .
What is most disturbing about the current proposed revisions is the blatantly brave , new way in which so - called medical professionals are viewing individual characteristics .
Children who exhibit unique eccentricities in accordance with their unique personalities , in general , would be categorized as having a mental illness .
If this criteria had been used in past centuries to diagnose illness , there may have never been people like Mozart or Einstein who ventured outside the norm and came up with new or unique ideas.article captured the essence of this concept perfectly in the following quote :
" If seven - year - old Mozart tried composing his concertos today , he might be diagnosed with attention - deficit hyperactivity disorder and medicated into barren normality .
"
The perception that character differences are somehow a psychic illnesses not only absolves individuals of personal responsibility , but it takes away their unique personhood .
It reduces people into subjects that cannot think for themselves , but rather have to be controlled through drugs .
Which brings us to perhaps the biggest thrust behind the DSM revisions : the drug companies .
Pharmaceutical companies stand to gain a lot for having virtually every person categorized as mentally ill and in need of drugs .
A more accurate approach to the situation is to assess the psychiatrists and drug lords who are contriving such nonsense as being the true possessors of mental illness .
Perhaps these people are the ones that need to be institutionalized .
Sources for this story include :
Maurizia Bonvini , a journalist based in Milan , is following the movement .
The Asinara movement represents the current economic situation in Sardinia , where some sixty factories have closed their doors over the past few years .
The Vilnys factory case is particularly emblematic because just before the regional elections in 2009 [ Italian Prime Minister ] Silvio Berlusconi came to Sardinia and promised that he would defend local jobs .
His candidate , Ugo Cappellaci , was voted in , but nine months later , the problems started .
The Vilnys factory is a petrochemical plant which produces polyvinyl chloride ( PVC ) .
But its main raw material supplier , energy giant ENI , has refused to supply the plant since the start of November , forcing redundancies .
Why ?
The workers say the official excuse is because Vilnys owes ENI 20 million euros .
That 's hard to believe however , because by forcing Vilnys to lay off workers it 's certainly not going to get its money back .
The workers think it 's really because ENI wants to bring its Sardinian petrochemical activities to a close ; perhaps even in the whole of Italy .
That would suggest why the Vilnys managers have been in negotiations with the Italian finance minister .
The only hope for the workers on Asinara Island is that the factory will be bought out by the Qatari group Ramco , which is planning to invest in Italy 's petrochemical sector ....
But will it protect the jobs of these workers ? "
Experiments do not always work as planned .
Sometimes you may invest a lot of time into a ( sub ) project only to get no , or only moderately interesting results .
Such a ( moderately ) failed experiment is the topic of this week ’s blog post .
Some time ago I wrote a CSV exporter for an application I was writing and , amongst the fields I needed to export , were floating point values .
The application was developed under Visual Studio 2005 and I really did n’t like how VS2005 ’s printf function handled the formats for floats .
To export values losslessly , that is , you could read back exactly what you wrote to file , I decided to use the " %e " format specifier for printf .
Turned out that it was neither lossless nor minimal !
If you use " %f " as a format specifier , printf uses a readable default format that is friendly only to moderate values , that is , neither too small nor too big .
If the value printed is too big or too small , you lose precision or you get an exaggeratedly long representation .
Consider :
printf ( " %f
" , 1e - 20f ) ; printf ( " %f
" ,3.14e20 f ) ;
you get the output :
0.000000 314000008403897810944.000000
In the first case , you loose all information , in the second you have an extra long representation .
However , if you use the engineering notation specifier " %e " , you get the more sensible ( but not always shorter ) output :
9.99999968e-021 -3.14000008e+020
With GCC , you get e+20 instead of e+020 but you still get extra non-significant + and zeroes , and , in bonus , weird rounding artifacts .
Indeed , 3.14e20 is a valid and sufficient representation for the same number .
Visually , we could reduce the printf format to " %e " , but while it would be visually more pleasing , rescanning output values will not always yield the original machine - precision float .
In some cases it does , but not always , and that ’s bad .
So if " %e " is n’t sufficient ( it defaults to 6 digits after the point ) , how many digits do we need ?
A float in IEEE 754 representation as one sign bit , 8 bits for exponent and 23 bits for the mantissa .
Since it also has a virtual most significant bit ( which is 1 ) , the mantissa can be seen as 24 bits , with a leading 1 .
This leaves us with digits , which makes " .7e " a bit short , as quick testing shows , and makes " .8e " format necessary .
So the first goal here is to save floats in text losslessly but we ’d also like them to be as short as possible .
Not so much for data compaction that for human reading ; 3.14e20 is still better than 3.1400000e+020 .
So , naively , I set to write “ clean up ” code :
////////////////////////////////////////
// // Rules : // // floats are of the form : // // x.yyyyyyyyye±zzz // //
Removes sign after e if it's a + //
Removes all non significant zeroes .
//
Packs the resulting representation // static void fd_strip ( char s[ ] ) { // find e char * e = strchr(s , 'e ' ) ; if ( e ) { char * d = e+1 ; // remove ( redundant ) unary + if ( * d== ' + ' ) * d='_' ; d++; // strip leading zeroes in exponent while ( *d && ( * d== ' 0 ' ) ) * d++='_' ; if ( * d==0 ) // the exponent is all zeroes ?
* e='_' ; // remove e as well // rewind and remove non-significant zeroes e--; while ( ( e>s ) && ( *e== '0 ' ) )
*e--='_' ; // go forward and pack over _ for ( d=e ; *e ; e++ ) if ( * e !='_ ' )
*d++=*e ; * d=0 ; } else { // some kind of nan or denormal , // do n't touch !
( like ±inf ) } } //////////////////////////////////////// // // simplistic itoa - style conversion for // floats ( buffer should be at least 16 // char long ) ( 0.12345678e±12 + \ 0 ) // void ftoa( float f , char buffer [ ] ) { snprintf ( buffer , 16 , " %.8e " , f ) ; // redundant but safer fd_strip ( buffer ) ; }
As I have said in a previous post , if your function ’s domain is small enough , you should use exhaustive testing rather than manual testing based on a priori knowledge you have .
Floats are a pest to enumerate in strict order ( because , for example , the machine - specific epsilon works only for numbers close to 1 , and does nothing for 1e20 ) so I build a ( machine - specific ) bit - field :
typedef union { float value ; //
The float 's value unsigned int int_value ; struct { unsigned int mantissa:23 ; unsigned int exponent : 8 ; unsigned int sign : 1 ; } sFloatBits ; // internal float structure } tFloatStruct ;
that allows me to control every part of a float .
looping through signs , exponents , and mantissas will allow us to generate all possible floats , including infinities , denormals , and NaNs .
The main loop looks like :
t FloatStruct fx ; for ( sign=0 ; sign <2;sign ++ ) { fx.sFloatBits.sign = sign ; for ( exponent=0 ; exponent < 256 ; exponent ++ ) { fx.sFloatBits.exponent=exponent ; for ( mantissa=0 ; mantissa< ( 1u < < 24 ) ; mantissa ++ ) { float new_fx , diff ; char ftoa_buffer [ 40 ] ; // some room for system - specific behavior1 char sprintf_buffer [ 40 ] ; // ? fx.sFloatBits.mantissa=mantissa ; if ( isnan ( fx.value ) ) { // we do n't really care for // NaNs , but we should check // that they decode all right ?
// // but nan==nan is always false !
} else { // once in a while if ( ( mantissa & 0xffffu ) ==0 ) { printf ( " \r% 1x:%02x:%06 x %-.8e " , sign , exponent , mantissa , fx.value ) ; fflush ( stdout ) ; // prevents display bugs } how_many ++ ; ftoa( fx.value , ftoa_buffer ) ; sprintf ( sprintf_buffer , " %.8e " , fx.value ) ; // gather stats on length // ftoa_length+=strlen(ftoa_buffer ) ; sprintf_length+=strlen(sprintf_buffer ) ; // check if invertible // new_fx = ( float ) atof ( ftoa_buffer ) ; if ( new_fx!=fx.value ) { diff = ( new_fx - fx.value ) ; printf ( "
%e %s %e %e
" , fx.value , ftoa_buffer , new_fx , diff ) ; } } } // for mantissa } // for exp } // for sign printf ( "
" ) ; printf ( " average length for %%-.8e = %f
" , sprintf_length / ( float ) how_many ) ; printf ( " average length for ftoa = %f
" , ftoa_length / ( float ) how_many ) ; printf ( " saved : %f
" , ( sprintf_length - ftoa_length ) / ( float ) how_many ) ;
So , we run this and verify that 1 ) all floats are transcoded losslessly and 2 ) the ftoa is much shorter than printf ‘s .
Or is it ?
*
* *
After a few hours of running the program ( it takes a little more than 6 hours on my computer at home ) , the results are somewhat disappointing .
First , it does transcode all floats correctly .
But it does n’t shorten the representation significantly .
Using GCC ( and ICC ) , you get that the average representation length out of " .8e " without tweaking is 14.5 digits ( including signs and exponents ) .
Using ftoa ( and fd_strip ) , the representation is shortened to 13.53 digits on average , an average saving of 0.96 , which is far from fantastic .
With visual studio , the savings are a bit better , but clearly not supercalifragilisticexpialidocious either : from an average of 15.5 digits , it reduces to 13.6 , an average saving of 1.9 digit .
With double s , the results are quite similar .
On GCC ( and ICC ) you start with an average length of 23.2 , and of 22.5 after “ simplification ” .
For double , you have to use " .16e " to get losslessness .
*
* *
So , it turns out that it was a lot of work for nothing not much .
On the bright side , we figured out that 7 digits are n’t always enough to save floats in text and get them back losslessly ; while the documentation says it should be only seven .
Maybe it ’s a platform - specific artifact , maybe not ; anyway , it ’s much better to save numbers losslessly than saving them so that they are merely pretty to look at .
Acknowledgements
I would like to thank my friend Mathieu for running the experiments ( and help debug ) on Visual Studio Express 2008 .
The help is greatly appreciated , as I did n’t have a Windows + Visual Studio machine at hand at the time of writing .
Share this : Reddit
Twitter
More
Facebook
Email
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
The Market is Our Cornerstone , Not Government
Recently , Peter A. Gilbert , Executive Director of the Vermont Humanities Council , aired a piece on Vermont Public Radio ( i.e. , taxpayer - subsidized statist propaganda ) , later printed in the Rutland Herald ( i.e. , customer supported statist propaganda ) , titled “ Rule of Law is Our Cornerstone . ”
It ’s a remarkable if predictable example of statist doublespeak , Orwell - style .
Towards the beginning of the editorial , Dwight Eisenhower is quoted as having said : “ The world no longer has any choice between force and law .
If civilization is to survive , it must choose the rule of law . ”
Were Ike still alive to read this , I ’d be pointing out to him what a preposterous statement this is .
First , “ law ” is force – otherwise it would not qualify as a “ law , ” but a mere suggestion or recommendation .
Or rather , in order for any governmental “ law ” to be anything other than just ink on paper , there must be police and soldiers willing to use any level of violent force – up to and including deadly force – in order to enforce such politico - bureaucratic edicts .
Secondly , since there is precisely nothing civilized about conducting human relationships in such a manner , “ civilization ” , as such , cannot even exist while we ’re tyrannized by governmental “ law . ”
If we want a civilized society in which to exist and interact , all conduct must of necessity be both peaceful and voluntary .
This means no taxation or government , but rather a laissez - faire free market in which individuals trade with each other , save , invest , and otherwise live their lives free from violent intrusion and socialistic or fascistic intervention .
Mediums of exchange , such as gold and silver , would also replace government - sanctioned fiat currencies that possess no real intrinsic value , thus opening the door to hyperinflation and high interest rates .
No government means stable monies .
But to listen to Gilbert ’s deluded expose ’ is to visit a bizarre world of the dystopian and surreal :
“ What matters is not just the rule of law itself – that system that keeps us from the law of the jungle , that protects people and property , that actually creates freedom by establishing a system of ordered liberty , and that underlies everything from drivers taking turns at a four - way stop sign to the purchases we make . ”
If these were not the statements of a shallow thinker , Gilbert would recognize that the very creation of a government automatically threatens both people and their property by its intrinsic nature .
With government , things can never be otherwise .
And there is neither order nor liberty under government .
There is only bungling , unaccountable , wasteful and costly bureaucracy – and there are only infringements upon liberty in virtually every aspect of the individual ’s life .
I do n’t need government to regulate me at an intersection : I already excercise caution so as not to inflict damage on anyone ( physical or economic ) nor sustain any myself .
It ’s no business of anyone ’s what purchases I make – be it milk , motorcycles , marijuana , or machineguns – except those with whom I negotiate and execute the deal .
That ’s both order and liberty .
Not government .
In short , government “ law ” is not , never was , and never will be the cornerstone of anything except tyranny and injustice of the most repugnant order .
“ Our ” cornerstone , the cornerstone of a free and equitable society , is an unfettered marketplace absent of all political government .
And nothing whatsoever besides .
Abandoning all loyalty to the democratic processes this nation holds dear , President Obama has made the decision that getting energy tax legislation through Congress with the approval of the American people is just too much of a pain to bother with .
Instead he will have the EPA declare as early as next week that CO2 is a dangerous global warming gas and will start regulating its emissions immediately .
Obama ’s promise to open up vast stretches of ocean on the East Coast and Gulf of Mexico to energy exploration is simply a ruse to soften up the public for soon to be announced draconian regulations .
Similar to how Obama used the $ 50 million dollar study on healthcare companies competing across state lines to sell ObamaCare as a bipartisan bill , his recent decree allowing energy companies to explore ( not drill , not produce energy from … just explore ) new stretches of ocean for oil is also meant to be a trivial , yet impressive enough sounding carrot for conservatives right before he stuffs his Marxist trash down their throats .
NBA Finals : From afar , watching Game 1 of Lakers - Heat with Chris Bosh
As Chris Bosh watches his former teammate and team duel for this year 's title , he roots them on and laments what might have been .
The police cleared a portion of the Union Square area late Thursday after a Consolidated Edison employee reported seeing two gasoline canisters in the back of an Oldsmobile Cutlass that was parked in front of the utility company ’s headquarters , law enforcement officials said .
But the car , and the gas cans , belonged to a man who mows lawns for a living , said Paul J. Browne , the Police Department ’s chief spokesman .
The authorities lifted the evacuation at 12:45 a.m. Friday , about two and a half hours after the report was called in .
A police official said the car ’s owner , whose name was not released , had parked on Irving Place to attend a concert in the Union Square neighborhood .
There was “ no malicious intent , ” Mr. Browne said .
The gas cans were found on the floor of the car ’s back seat , he said , and the police were concerned because the Cutlass was parked in front of the Con Ed headquarters at 4 Irving Place .
The ever - colorful and controversial Michael Moore fleshed out his thesis that Democrats are wimps by mimicking them as babies and likening them to scared animals , during an appearance on MSNBC Wednesday .
“ Democrats are in for an ass - whipping of biblical proportions in November if they do n’t get off the dime and do the job they were sent there to do , ” he said on The Rachel Maddow Show .
“ Do n’t they see that ? ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Moore acknowledged Maddow ’s point that the party controlling the presidency almost always loses seats in the mid-terms historically , but claimed Democrats can avoid that “ by having the courage of their convictions . ”
Echoing remarks from his interview with Raw Story last week , the filmmaker contrasted the purportedly tepid Democratic spirit with the zeal Republicans have in advancing their agenda when in power .
“ When the Republicans come into town , they get in the hummer , and they drive down Pennsylvania Avenue and mow down anybody in sight , ” Moore quipped .
“ They walk into Congress with both guns blazing , and they say ‘ we were sent here to do a job , ’ and then they do the job . ”
“ Democrats come in , ” he continued , proceeding to mock them in a baby voice “ and go , ‘ Oh , hi , hi .
I guess we do n’t need universal health care for everybody .
We can , we can , no we can compromise .
It ’s okay . ' ”
Pulling no punches , he said , “ They used to at least sing ‘ Kumbaya . ’
Now they go in like frightened animals .
I do n’t understand it . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Maddow played a clip from Moore ’s latest documentary Capitalism : A Love Story and asked the Oscar - winning filmmaker why Democrats have n’t implemented stronger banking regulations “ even in the midst of the financial system collapsing . ”
“ They are blind and they are deaf to all of this , ” Moore said , predicting that “ the next collapse or crash is right around the corner . ”
He alleged that the issue has n’t been dealt with because banks are “ lining the pockets of our members of Congress . ”
He argued that the American public admires leaders with courage , even if they disagree with their political views .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Americans do n’t really see themselves as Democrats or Republicans .
They want somebody in there who believes in something , who ’s going to go for it , ” he said , claiming that progressives are likely to be “ depressed ” and stay home in the November elections if Democrats do n’t assert the power of their majority status .
Summing up their very friendly exchange , Moore called Maddow a “ force for good and a national treasure . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Whoa , ” responded The Nation ‘s Washington editor Chris Hayes on Twitter .
“ Lefty media stars of the world , unite ! ”
In a cut scene from Capitalism that Moore provided exclusively to Raw Story , he interviews a former New York Times reporter who alleges that capitalism is bringing about the downfall of humanity by allegedly encouraging society to ignore climate change .
Although Moore has a devoted following of progressives , he is often criticized as being too unwavering and extreme in his political viewpoints .
ADVERTISEMENT
This video is from MSNBC’s The Rachel Maddow Show , broadcast March 10 , 2010 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
This recipe is a full - fat version for making cream cheese that uses only goat milk cream .
If you prefer a lighter version , you can substitute part of the cream with goat milk .
Anyway , I do not recommend using less than half cream , though , in order to get the best flavor and texture for homemade cream cheese .
The small amount of rennet used to make cream cheese is what gives it the additional firmness over other soft cheeses such as quark or cottage cheese .
Remember , always add liquid rennet to a few tablespoons of water first and never directly to the milk .
Ingredients
1 quart goat milk cream
2 Tbsp. cultured buttermilk
1 drop double strength liquid rennet dissolved in 2 Tbsp .
Water
In a stainless steel pan , warm the cream to about 70° F , stirring to ensure even heating .
Add the buttermilk , and mix thoroughly .
Stir in the rennet and water mixture , and again mix thoroughly .
Cover the pot and allow to sit for 24 hours at room temperature .
Sprinkle about 1/2 tsp. salt over the mixture , and then whisk lightly to mix .
Pour the cream into a cheese cloth lined colander placed over a bowl to save the whey for future use .
Let drain for about 12 hours .
At that time , you can collect the cream cheese from the cheesecloth and place into a bowl for storage in the fridge .
Alternatively , if you ’d like a drier , molded cheese , you can place the cream cheese into a cheese mold or a small plastic container with holes in the bottom to further drain and increase the body of the cheese .
var _gaq = _gaq || [ ] ; _gaq.push (['_setAccount ' , ' UA - 17740839-2' ] ) ; _gaq.push ( [' _trackPageview ' ] ) ;
( function ( ) { var ga = document.createElement ( ' script ' ) ; ga.type = ' text/javascript ' ; ga.async = true ; ga.src = ( ' https : ' == document.location.protocol ?
' https://ssl' : ' http://www') + '.google-analytics.com/ga.js ' ; var s = document.getElementsByTagName(' script ' ) [ 0 ] ; s.parentNode.insertBefore( ga , s ) ; } ) ( ) ;
Grocery & Gourmet Food
The main characters in Lost have killed many other people over the course of the show .
Many kills were cases of self defense and the defense of others either individually or in combat .
Many were murder .
Of those some are premeditated , some are spur of the moment ; some are manslaughter .
At least one , that of US Marshal Edward Mars , was euthanasia .
Contents show ]
When analyzing a questionnaire , one often wants to view the correlation between two or more Likert questionnaire item ’s ( for example : two ordered categorical vectors ranging from 1 to 5 ) .
When dealing with several such Likert variable ’s , a clear presentation of all the pairwise relation ’s between our variable can be achieved by inspecting the ( Spearman ) correlation matrix ( easily achieved in R by using the “ cor.test ” command on a matrix of variables ) .
Yet , a challenge appears once we wish to plot this correlation matrix .
The challenge stems from the fact that the classic presentation for a correlation matrix is a scatter plot matrix – but scatter plots do n’t ( usually ) work well for ordered categorical vectors since the dots on the scatter plot often overlap each other .
There are four solution for the point - overlap problem that I know of :
Jitter the data a bit to give a sense of the “ density ” of the points
Use a color spectrum to represent when a point actually represent “ many points ”
Use different points sizes to represent when there are “ many points ” in the location of that point Add a LOWESS ( or LOESS ) line to the scatter plot – to show the trend of the data
In this post I will offer the code for the a solution that uses solution 3 - 4 ( and possibly 2 , please read this post comments ) .
Here is the output ( click to see a larger image ) :
And here is the code to produce this plot :
R code for producing a Correlation scatter - plot matrix – for ordered - categorical data
Note that this code will work fine for continues data points ( although I might suggest to enlarge the “ point.size.rescale ” parameter to something bigger then 1.5 in the “ panel.smooth.ordered.categorical ” function )
# -----------------
# Functions #
----------------- panel.cor.ordered.categorical
5 ] 5 ] Credits :
The original R code for the correlation matrix plot was taken from R Graph Gallery ( The differences are : 1 ) The use of spearman correlation ; 2 ) The adding of hist panel and ; 3 ) The changing of points sizes
The idea to use symbols for changing the point sizes was offered by Doug Y'barbo .
And also to Dirk Eddelbuettel for offering to use cex ( although I ended up not using that )
If you got ideas on how to improve this code ( or reproducing it with ggplot2 or lattice ) , please do so in the comments ( or on your own blog , but be sure to let me know 🙂 )
Summary
We ’ve seldom seen a piece of legislation so widely misrepresented , and misunderstood , as the new health care law .
We stopped counting the number of articles and items we turned out on the subject after the total reached 100 .
Some of that is understandable .
The debate went on for more than a year , while the different House and Senate bills changed their shape constantly .
The final law was the product of an awkward two - step legislative dance that first enacted the Senate ’s version , then quickly amended it with a reconciliation " fix . "
No wonder people are confused .
And even now the misrepresentations continue .
The new law is no longer a moving target , but some opponents persist in making false or exaggerated claims about it .
Our inboxes are filled with messages asking about assertions that the new law :
Requires patients to be implanted with microchips .
( No , it does n’t . )
Cuts benefits for military families and retirees .
( No .
The TRICARE program is n’t affected . )
Exempts Muslims from the requirement to obtain coverage .
( Not specifically .
It does have a religious exemption , but that is intended for Old Order Amish . )
Allows insurance companies to continue denying coverage to children with preexisting conditions .
( Insurance companies have agreed not to exploit a loophole that might have allowed this . )
Will require 16,500 armed IRS agents to enforce .
( No. Criminal penalties are waived . )
Gives President Obama a Nazi - like " private army . "
( No .
It provides a reserve corps of doctors and other health workers for emergencies . )
" Exempts " House and Senate members .
( No .
Their coverage may not be as good as before , in fact . )
Covers erectile - dysfunction drugs for sex offenders .
( Just as it was before the new law , those no longer in jail can buy any insurance plan they choose . )
Provides federal funding for abortions .
( Not directly .
But neither side in the abortion debate is happy with the law . )
For details on these claims about the new law , please read our Analysis section .
Analysis
As opponents pointed out during debate , the House and Senate health care bills were very long and complicated documents .
They also changed several times , making it difficult even for those who had read ( or written ) the bills to keep up with what was in them .
This was a perfect breeding ground for wild rumors .
We picked off a lot of them while the bills were still under consideration , but now that the legislation has been signed into law , we ’d like to start cleaning up the rest .
Will the law require all patients to be implanted with microchips ?
No .
Nothing like this appears in the new law , or in any of the bills that Congress considered .
This claim stems from a wild misinterpretation of a provision in the original House leadership ’s bill ( H.R. 3200 ) that did not require implantation of anything , and that was , in any case , not part of the final legislation .
The part of the original House leadership ’s bill that ’s usually referenced to support this rather paranoid claim actually would have set up a registry for class III medical devices and class II devices that are " implantable , life - supporting , or life - sustaining . "
The Federal Drug Administration ’s classifications determine how much oversight and regulation the device has — class III devices ( such as , for example , replacement heart valves or artificial hips ) need pre-market FDA approval ; class I devices ( like x- ray film or tongue depressors ) need only general quality controls .
Class II devices , which need to meet performance standards but do n’t need pre-market approval , cover a wide range — blood pressure cuffs are class II , but so are cerebral shunts .
That ’s why the bill specified implantable , life - supporting and life - sustaining devices .
But the bill did not mandate implantable devices of any kind , least of all microchips .
Rather , it said that implantable devices will be registered so that physicians can access data about safety and effectiveness in a way that " protects patient privacy and proprietary information . "
And again , it did n’t become law .
Is TRICARE coverage for military families and retirees affected ?
No .
Some early scuttlebutt spread by chain e-mails claimed that the House bill would reduce benefits for TRICARE , but we were among the many debunking that false report .
See " Health Care Overhaul and TRICARE . "
And as things have turned out , there ’s nothing like that in the new law .
Dr. Charles Rice , assistant secretary of defense for health affairs , has said that the beneficiaries will not see any change as a result of the new legislation : " For the Department of Defense , and specifically for our 9.6 million TRICARE beneficiaries , this law will not affect the TRICARE benefit .
Eligibility , covered benefits , copayments and all other features of our TRICARE program remain in place . ”
The Department of Defense TRICARE site says the same thing : " This law will not affect the TRICARE benefit .
Eligibility , covered benefits , copayments and all other features of our TRICARE program remain . "
Will the Amish , Muslims and other religious groups be exempt from the coverage requirement ?
Some Amish may .
It ’s unlikely that other groups will .
We ’re still checking out this rumor , but the versions we ’ve seen are likely overblown .
The law does say that some religious groups may be considered exempt from the requirement to have health insurance , and it uses the definition from 26 U.S. Code section 1402 ( g ) ( 1 ) , which defines the religious groups considered exempt from Social Security payroll taxes .
Eligible sects must forbid any payout in the event of death , disability , old age or retirement , including Social Security and Medicare .
They must also be approved by the Commissioner for Social Security .
The law was originally designed to apply to the Old Order Amish , and we have yet to find any cases in which members of other religious groups were successfully able to claim exemption .
The Social Security bureaucracy has been slow to respond to our queries about which religious groups have been granted exemptions from the payroll tax .
But both the federal government and the courts have been very strict on such exemptions in the past .
For instance , in 1982 the Supreme Court found that a member of the Old Order Amish claiming exemption under 1402 ( g ) was in fact subject to payroll tax for his employees .
That section , the Court said , is applicable only to the self - employed .
And in two cases where self - employed individuals claimed a religious opposition to Social Security but were n’t members of approved sects , they were also ordered to pay the tax .
The Christian Science Church , a religious group with restrictions on health care use , has stated publicly that members will be subject to the insurance requirement .
Will the law allow insurers to continue denying coverage to children with preexisting conditions ?
In theory , maybe , but the president of America ’s Health Insurance Plans has said they will not do so .
The health care law was supposed to forbid insurers from denying coverage for children ’s preexisting conditions , starting in 2010 ( four years before a similar provision kicks in for everyone else ) .
Democrats pushed this as a major selling point of the bill , but it was called into question just a few days after the law ’s enactment when insurance companies said that vague language allowed them to continue denying coverage .
Previously , insurers might grant coverage to an uninsurable family if a child had a preexisting condition , but exclude that condition from coverage — that is , the insurance companies would n’t pay any costs associated with the condition .
The new law forbids them from doing so .
But , the insurance companies argued , it does not forbid them from denying coverage outright to the entire family .
However , on March 29 , the president of AHIP , the insurers ’ lobbying group , wrote a letter to Secretary of Health and Human Services Kathleen Sebelius promising that insurance companies would follow the spirit of the law .
" Health plans recognize the significant hardship that a family faces when they are unable to obtain coverage for a child with a pre-existing condition , " AHIP President Karen Ignani wrote .
" With respect to the provisions related to coverage for children , we await and will fully comply with regulations consistent with the principles described in your letter . "
Does the law provide for armed IRS agents to enforce penalties ?
No .
This is a fantasy .
GOP lawmakers claim the law might require “ as many as 16,500 ” new jobs in the IRS , a figure inflated by dubious assumptions .
But the agency ’s role will be mainly to hand out tax credits , not to enforce penalties .
And the IRS wo n’t be sending armed agents to enforce the health care mandate , as falsely claimed by Texas GOP Rep.
Ron Paul .
The law specifically waives any criminal penalties for those who both decline to obtain insurance coverage and refuse to pay the tax enacted to penalize lack of coverage .
For more on this subject , see our Ask FactCheck “ IRS Expansion . "
Does the law set up a " private army " for Obama ?
No .
The health care law establishes a Ready Reserve Corps of doctors and other health care workers who can be called upon in the case of a public health emergency .
E-mails that call them " Hitler youth " and speculate that they may be administering " lethal injections " are thoroughly false and malicious .
For more on this subject , see our Ask FactCheck " Obama ’s Private Army . "
Are members of Congress and their staffs " exempt " from the law ?
No .
House and Senate members must obtain coverage just like everybody else — and the new law may give them more limited choices than they have now .
The notion that they would somehow be " exempt " is a twisted idea pushed by some conservatives who opposed the creation of exchanges through which individuals could buy coverage and claimed that everyone except Congress would be forced into the exchange plans .
Others opposed creating a new government - run " public option " insurance plan , and claimed ( falsely ) that most non-lawmakers would be herded into that , while members of Congress continued to get their coverage through the Federal Employees Health Benefits Plan , which also covers 8 million federal workers , retirees and family members .
But the " public option " is n’t even part of the new law .
Meanwhile , Congress adopted a Republican amendment that takes House and Senate members and their staff workers out of the FEHB , and forces them to obtain coverage through the new state - run insurance exchanges that will be set up in 2014 .
In the exchanges , private insurance companies will compete for the business of millions of currently uninsured Americans , those who already buy their own coverage and many small - business owners .
These exchanges are modeled on the FEHB , and could turn out to offer a more limited selection of policies .
That remains to be seen .
For more details , see our Ask FactCheck , " Congress Exempt from Health Bill ? "
Lately , the debate has shifted to whether some congressional staffers are " exempt " from this Republican - sponsored requirement to get coverage from state exchanges , which is another matter .
The law defines congressional “ staff ” as “ full - time and part - time employees employed by the official office of a Member of Congress , whether in Washington , DC or outside of Washington , DC . ”
That language comes from an amendment to the Senate HELP committee bill written by Republican Tom Coburn , who now says that his own definition is too narrow .
Coburn and others argue that this definition excludes committee and leadership staff , including those working for Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi .
The Congressional Research Service agrees that this is possible .
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ’s spokesman told Politico that the provision does apply to leadership staff , but not committee staff .
So some Capitol Hill staff workers may still continue to get coverage the same way they always have .
Does the new law cover Viagra for convicted sex offenders ?
There ’s no change from current law .
Convicts who are not in prison can purchase whatever health plan they ’d like and some plans could cover erectile - dysfunction drugs .
The Congressional Research Service said that there was nothing in the new law that would " require health plans to limit the type of benefits that can be offered based on the plan beneficiary ’s prior criminal convictions . "
This mini-controversy erupted when Republicans introduced a string of amendments in a final effort to obstruct passage of the reconciliation bill .
Republican Sen. Coburn of Oklahoma proposed the amendment to bar sex offenders from getting health plans that covered such drugs with federal money through the state - based exchanges .
Democratic Sen. Max Baucus of Montana called the amendment " a crass political stunt . "
And it failed by a 57 - 42 vote .
Does the law provide federal funding for abortions ?
Not directly , and there are provisions in place to prevent it from doing so indirectly .
There ’s language in the law that says subsidies from the government ca n’t be used to pay for abortion services , except in cases of rape , incest or danger to the life of the mother .
It ’s true that many women who now lack insurance might obtain private policies that cover wider abortion services as a result of the new legislation and with the help of federal subsidies .
But insurance companies must keep any subsidy money they receive segregated from premium payments made by private individuals , and must use only private money to pay for abortion coverage .
That does n’t satisfy either side in the abortion debate .
Anti-abortion groups are also concerned about increased federal funding for community health centers , but we ’ve seen no evidence these centers perform abortions .
For more on this subject , see our Ask FactCheck “ The Abortion Issue . "
— by Jess Henig
Sources
Reynolds , Maura .
" Health bills allow some a religious exemption . "
CQ Politics .
3 Aug. 2009 .
United States v. Lee , 455 U. S. 252 . U.S. Supreme Court , 23 Feb. 1982 .
Jaggard v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue , 582 F2d 1189 .
U.S. Court of Appeals , Eighth Circuit , 8 Sep. 1978 .
Droz v. Commissioner of Internal Revenue , 48 F.3d 1120 .
U.S. Court of Appeals , Ninth Circuit , 1 Mar. 1995 .
Church of Christ , Scientist .
" New federal health care reform law and Christian Scientists . "
Press release .
25 Mar. 2010 .
Pear , Robert .
" Coverage Now for Sick Children ?
Check Fine Print . "
New York Times .
28 Mar. 2010 .
Ignani , Karen .
Letter to Kathleen Sebelius . 29 Mar. 2010 .
Lovley , Erika and Patrick O’Connor .
" Health bill may exempt top Hill staffers . "
Politico . 24 Mar. 2010 .
Fox News .
" GOP Senator : Health Care Law Will Permit Sex Offenders to Get Viagra . "
6 Apr. 2010 .
Condon , Stephanie .
" GOP Rolls Out Last - Ditch Efforts to Stop Health Care Bill . "
CBS News .
24 Mar. 2010 .
Frates , Chris .
" Dems reject amendment to ban Viagra for sex offenders . "
Politico . 24 Mar. 2010 .
One might think that learning which spice to add to which dish is one of the first things you would be taught in Spices 101 , but they would be wrong .
Learning to source and purchase fresh , quality products is paramount when learning to cook well with spices .
Would you make a fruit salad with moldy fruit ?
Spread rancid butter on fresh baked bread ?
Of course not .
Likewise , you should aim to use the best spices and herbs possible , for reasons we will discuss below .
This is the second post in our Spices 101 series .
In my first post , I debunked common spice myths and pointed out how proper selection and addition of good quality spices to a dish can elevate the flavor of a dish with little effort and minimal cost .
Next week we will talk about how proper storage is important for preserving your newly acquired quality spices , followed by how to grind whole spices and finally , learn what spices to stock your pantry with .
For now , let ’s take a look at the good , the bad and the ugly facts about buying spices .
Photo by SINDELL357
Rules for Buying Spices
This post could have been titled “ Throw away your spices and start over ” and as harsh as that may sound , it ’s not far off in describing how I feel about the state of most spice cabinets I see .
Here are my purchasing tips for stocking your pantries and spicing up your life – through food .
Stay Far Away from Typical Grocery Store Spices
Products on the shelves of your average grocery chain my have been there for a year or more , and they probably sat in a warehouse up to a year before that .
Since the average shelf life of ground spices maxes out around six months , chances are you ’re buying stale spices .
Also , these spices are generally very poor quality and may contain nasty contaminants , which we ’ll look at in a minute .
Purchase Whole Spices
Purchase whole spices and grind them yourself to retain maximum potency and ensure a fuller flavor .
Whole spices will stay fresher , longer .
Since ground spices have such a short shelf life , chances are every ground spice in your cabinet right now is past it ’s prime .
Since ground spices have such a short shelf life , chances are every ground spice in your cabinet right now is past it ’s prime .
You know what you are getting with whole spices .
Ground spices may have other ingredients such as salt , rice or flour mixed in and FDA regulations do not require suppliers to list these add-ins as ingredients .
Also , ground spices are not required to be free of contaminants .
Buy the Best Possible Spices You Can Afford
Cheap spices are cheap for a reason .
The health regulations for ground spices are lax , with the ASTA ( American Spice Trade Association ) cleanliness specifications stating that “ … it is not possible to grow , harvest , and process crops that are totally free of natural defects ” .
* What , so let ’s just grind them in and sell them ?
Pretty much .
What are these ‘ defects ’ ?
Well if you really want to know , a few of them are mold , exctreta ( yep , that ’s poo ) , dead insects , rat hairs , wire , string and a list of other ‘ foreign matter ’ .
What percentage of this foreign matter may be in your pre-ground spices ?
It ’s shocking , but up to 20 % for some is still considered “ acceptable ” .
The average is much less , but still … .
Ick .
So what can you do to source better spices ?
Go to Ethnic Markets .
Often ethnic markets have good quality whole spices at affordable prices .
They are selling spices that are used regularly and are re-stocked much faster than an average grocery store where spices may sit for much longer .
Of course ethnic markets can sell poor quality spices as well , but talk to the staff .
Smell the spices and buy a small amount to try at home to see if you like them .
Source a local spice merchant .
These spices shops nearly always guarantee quality and freshness .
The best part ?
You can usually chat with the staff about how to incorporate their products into your cooking .
Some may even have recipe cards to hand out .
Source Quality Spices Online .
If you cannot locally source whole spices , consider purchasing online from a reliable company .
There are many options out there .
Here are my recommendations :
Avoid gourmet shops selling regular spices at inflated prices .
It happens plenty .
If you ’ve been to your local ethnic market and / or specialty spice merchant and experienced the real thing , you can usually just use your eyes and nose to identify the frauds .
Most spices are incredibly pungent , and should never smell musty .
Buy Small Amounts of Spices at a Time
Spices are not the ingredients to be buying bulk for your home kitchen because they do go stale .
Unless you are a very active cook and are heavy - handed with the spices , I would n’t recommend buying bulk spices .
Remember , if you ’re buying good quality spices , you wo n’t need to use as much for cooking as they will be much more potent than standard grocery store fare .
A little goes a long way .
Final thought : When You Can , Grow your Own
The best solution for sourcing dried herbs is to grow your own !
Or buy from a friend or family member who has a garden .
Hang bundles of fresh herbs upside down to dry , then fill mason jars with their fragrant leaves .
Stored properly ( which we ’ll talk about next week ) these herbs will last all winter .
There is growing interest in knowing where your dairy , meat and vegetables come from .
Do n’t you want to know where your spices come from as well ?
Greg – better known as Ned Flanders in the comments – makes his debut as an F1 Fanatic guest writer by picking ten of the oddest causes of driver retirements .
Retiring from a motor race is often an unremarkable experience for an F1 driver .
Although reliability has improved hugely in recent years , the sight of a smoking car pulling off the track remains a routine one for F1 viewers .
But occasionally a race ending incident occurs which is rather more noteworthy .
Some you may be familiar with – Lewis Hamilton ?
óÔé ¼Ôäós pit lane exploits , for example - and others you may never have heard of – how about the driver who was soaked by his cockpit fire extinguisher mid race ?
This is a collection of the some of the most embarrassing , frustrating and downright bizarre race retirements ever recorded in F1 .
Lack of motivation
Damon Hill , 1999 Japanese Grand Prix , Suzuka
Damon Hill ended his Grand Prix career in the most ignominious style possible at his final race in Japan in 1999 .
On lap 22 , while running in 17th place , Hill damaged his front wing in a spin and headed to the pits .
But instead of waiting for a nose change , he stepped out of the otherwise undamaged car for the final time , despondently claiming ?
óÔé¼ ? £ there was no point in going on ?
óÔé¼Ôäó .
His team boss Eddie Jordan disagreed ; the incident sparked a rift between the two which lasted for many years .
The extent of Hill ?
óÔé ¼Ôäós disillusion with F1 had been long been apparent .
By 1999 , Hill was a shadow of the driver who had once challenged the likes of Prost and Schumacher , and while his team mate Heinz Harald Frentzen was challenging for the title Hill seldom progressed beyond the midfield .
At Suzuka , what was left of his already weak motivation finally disappeared .
It was an unfortunate end to a remarkable F1 career .
Beached in the pit lane gravel trap
Lewis Hamilton , 2007 Chinese Grand Prix , Shanghai
Lewis Hamilton ’s first Grand Prix retirement came in the most frustrating and embarrassing circumstances imaginable .
At the 2007 Chinese Grand Prix , while running on threadbare tyres as the team delayed a switch from wet to dry weather rubber , Hamilton ?
óÔé ¼Ôäós McLaren understeered at snails pace into a tiny gravel trap in the pit lane entrance .
He could have been forgiven for lamenting his luck – it was virtually the only gravel trap on a circuit surrounded by acres of tarmac run off .
After futile attempts first to accelerate out of the gravel and then to gain a push from the marshals , Hamilton conceded defeat and began the short walk of shame back to the McLaren garage .
Little did he know that the points he had frittered away in the Shanghai pebbles would eventually cost him the championship .
Read more : 2007 Chinese Grand Prix review : Raikkonen win blows title race open
Crashing in the pits
Lewis Hamilton and Kimi R?â?ñikk?â?
Ânen , 2008 Canadian Grand Prix , Montreal
Hamilton ?
óÔé
¼Ôäós pit lane demons came back to haunt him in Canada barely six months later .
A safety car period early in the Canadian Grand Prix encouraged most cars to dive into the pits , and from a seven second lead Hamilton found himself staring at the gearboxes of rivals Kimi R?â?ñikk ?â?
Ânen and Robert Kubica as he headed for the pit lane exit .
With hindsight he would have been better served observing the red light by the pit lane exit .
He didn ?
óÔé¼Ôäót , and subsequently cannoned into the back of R?â?ñikk?â?
Ânen ?óÔé¼Ôäós Ferrari , putting both out on the spot .
The lost win , and the likely six points he was denied by his ten place grid penalty for the following race in France , almost cost him the title for a second consecutive season .
Read more : Controversy as Lewis Hamilton hits Kimi R?â?ñikk?â?
Ânen in pit lane
Stalling while waving to the crowd
Nigel Mansell , 1991 Canadian Grand Prix , Montreal
Nigel Mansell retired from the lead of the 1991 Canadian Grand Prix with less than half a lap to go – of this there is no doubt .
What is less clear , however , is what caused his car to stop just a few hundred metres from the flag , gifting victory to his nemesis Nelson Piquet .
Mansell and his team claimed that the gearbox in his Williams had failed coming out of the hairpin for the final time , causing him to stop .
What Mansell declined to acknowledge was that he had been seen waving to the Canadian fans in a premature celebration just moments before his car ground to a halt .
Cynics suggested he had in fact allowed the revs from his Renault engine to drop too low , causing the engine to stall .
Mansell refuted the criticism , calling his detractors ?
óÔé¼?£idiotic ?óÔé ¼Ôäó and ?
óÔé¼ ?£pathetic ?
óÔé¼Ôäó , and blamed the press for the creating rumours .
Was Mansell genuinely blameless or was it a desperate attempt to cover his blushes ?
You decide .
Running over a loose drain
Juan Pablo Montoya , 2005 Chinese Grand Prix , Shanghai
A dislodged drain cover was responsible for Juan Pablo Montoya ?
óÔé ¼Ôäós exit from the 2005 Chinese Grand Prix .
Running slightly wide out of Turn 10 , Montoya drove straight over the protruding metal grate , damaging his front right wheel beyond repair .
The safety car was dispatched for several laps while marshals attempted to weld the grate shut .
The incident effectively handed that year ’s constructors ’ championship to Renault .
Alarmingly , though , it was not the only time that the drainage had caused chaos at Shanghai .
Just four months earlier , Australian V8 Supercar driver Mark Winterbottom came across a similarly dislodged drain cover which sliced through his car and could well have injured him .
Thankfully , there have been no such incidents since .
Read more : 2005 Chinese Grand Prix Review
Burnt by the cockpit
Mark Webber , 2004 Japanese Grand Prix , Suzuka
Mark Webber is renowned for coping with tough conditions in an F1 cockpit – recall his performance at Fuji in 2007 despite vomiting in his helmet .
But at the 2004 Japanese Grand Prix at Suzuka , Webber was forced surrender to adversity , in this case an overheating cockpit .
The temperature of the driver ?
óÔé ¼Ôäós seat inside the Jaguar had intensified throughout the race to the point where it was actually burning Webber .
Though his mechanics attempted to cool him by throwing a bucket of water into the seat during a pit stop , the heat soon returned until the luckless Aussie finally decided he could take no more and withdrew .
It had nevertheless been a valiant drive that typified Webber ?
óÔé ¼Ôäós commitment , though presumably his rear end has never been quite the same .
Trapped nerve
Justin Wilson , 2003 Malaysian Grand Prix , Sepang
The HANS device , which helps protect drivers from neck injuries in the event of a violent accident , met with some opposition when it was introduced in Formula One .
And with some good reason , as there were a few major problems to iron out as Justin Wilson discovered .
Racing in only his second Grand Prix Wilson was forced to withdraw 41 laps into the race after losing all feeling in his arms .
The injury was eventually attributed to an ill - fitted HANS device , which had been putting so much force on his shoulders that it caused a trapped nerve .
Considering that racing in Malaysia is a major physical challenge at the best of times , Wilson did well to survive as many laps as he did
Pit lane crash
David Coulthard , 1995 Australian Grand Prix , Adelaide
David Coulthard ?óÔé
¼Ôäós race - ending accident at the 1995 Australian Grand Prix was not only highly embarrassing but costly .
In his final race for Williams , Coulthard was comfortably leading as he entered the pits for his first stop .
Yet he did not slow enough for the tight pit lane entrance and understeered on the dusty surface into the pit wall .
After the race , Coulthard desperately tried to pin the blame for the accident onto his Renault engine , claiming he had been ?
óÔé¼ ?£ driven towards the wall ?
óÔé ¼Ôäó by the sudden acceleration of his Williams .
But for all his denial ?
óÔé ¼Ôäós the bottom line was that DC had thrown away a comfortable win with an amateurish mistake .
He was n’t the only driver to be caught out by the slippery surface , though .
Johnny Herbert abandoned an attempt to get into the pit lane and continued for another lap , while Roberto Moreno backed his Forti into the pit wall not far from where Coulthard crashed .
Crashing on purpose
Nelson Piquet Jnr , 2008 Singapore Grand Prix
Initially , Nelson Piquet Jnr ’s race - ending accident at the inaugural Singapore Grand Prix seemed innocent enough .
It appeared to be nothing more than another error by a much - maligned driver who was on his way out of F1 .
The rumours of the crash being part of a wider race fixing scandal were gradually extinguished , and the incident was soon forgotten .
Only in July of the following year did the shocking truth emerge .
Piquet , it transpired , had been ordered by the Renault team management to crash his car in order to give his team mate Fernando Alonso an opportunity to win .
Piquet did not dispute this request ( undoubtedly influenced by the promise of a contract extension ) , backing his car into the wall at turn 17 just metres in front of a packed grandstand .
Never before in F1 ?
óÔé ¼Ôäós six decade history had a driver been forced by his own team to endanger his life ( and the lives of spectators and marshals ) by crashing intentionally .
That the three known conspirators – Piquet Jnr , Flavio Briatore and Pat Symonds – are no longer in F1 indicates that the sport is no longer prepared to tolerate such behaviour .
However , the inability of the FIA to successfully punish the trio , allied to the suggestion that others had knowledge of the plan ( including a certain Ferrari driver ) , means that it is not inconceivable that similar schemes could be devised in the future .
Spanners jammed under brake pedal
Johnny Herbert , 1998 Italian Grand Prix , Monza 1998
At the 1998 Italian Grand Prix at Monza Johnny Herbert experienced a situation Toyota owners across the world currently live in fear of .
His Sauber ’s brake pedal jammed as he approached the high speed Lesmo corner , causing his car to slide off into the gravel .
To the millions of fans world wide watching on television the spin appeared simply to be a driving error , yet the hapless Herbert was not to blame .
Incredibly , a mechanic had mistakenly left a spanner in the cockpit before the GP , which had worked its way into the footwell and became lodged beneath the brake pedal .
Herbert was predictably unimpressed , labelling the mechanic responsible ?
óÔé¼ ?£ stupid ?
óÔé¼Ôäó , and perhaps unsurprisingly he left the team just a few races later
Bonus blunders
It was n’t easy to whittle this one down to a top ten .
Here ’s a few more that did n’t make the cut :
Running out of fuel
Jean Alesi , 1997 Australian Grand Prix , Melbourne
Jean Alesi is by no means the only driver to have run out of fuel in an F1 race , but ignoring his team ’s instructions to pit for fuel was unprecedented .
For several laps , his Benetton team desperately tried to remind the Frenchman that he needed to come back to the pits to refuel , yet he turned a blind eye to the pit boards and ignored all radio messages .
Inevitably , he coasted to a halt with an empty fuel tank on lap 35 , leading ITV commentator Murray Walker to suggest that the Benetton mechanics would be ?
óÔé ¼Ôäóab - so - lute - ly furious !?óÔé¼Ôäó
Michael Schumacher ’s safety car woes
Michael Schumacher , 2005 Chinese Grand Prix and 2004 Monaco Grand Prix
What is it with Shanghai and driver retirements ?
The 2005 Chinese Grand Prix capped arguably the worst season of Michael Schumacher ?
óÔé ¼Ôäós career .
On lap 23 , Schumacher lost control of his car going into turn six and spun his car into the gravel and into retirement .
The spin alone was unbefitting of a seven - times world champion ; the fact that it had occurred under the safety car made it even more embarrassing .
It wasn ?
óÔé ¼Ôäót his day .
Less than two hours earlier , while heading to the grid , the German had drifted carelessly into the path of Christijan Albers ?
óÔé ¼Ôäó quicker Minardi , causing a sizeable shunt which forced both men to start from the pit lane .
Schumacher ?
óÔé ¼Ôäós mediocre run to 12th in his only previous Chinese GP was scarcely more impressive , leading many observers to suggest he had finally come across a bogey circuit .
But Schumacher disproved this in some style in 2006 , scoring his final win to date at the track .
It was n’t his only altercation behind the safety car , however – in 2004 he emerged from the Monte - Carlo tunnel having crashed into the wall during a caution period .
Fire extinguisher explosion
Oliver Panis , 2004 British Grand Prix , Silverstone
Toyota ?óÔé¼Ôäós hopes for success at the 2004 British Grand Prix were dampened quite literally when the fire extinguisher in Olivier Panis ?
óÔé ¼Ôäó cockpit suddenly and inexplicably went off , filling the car with foam and blinding the driver .
Fortunately Panis managed to bring the car to a halt in the gravel without making contact with the barriers or another car , but his final race at Silverstone was over .
Over to you
The incidents above represent ten of the most bizarre reasons for retirements I could think of , I ?óÔé ¼Ôäóm sure there have been plenty more accidents or mechanical failures that I ?
óÔé ¼Ôäóm unaware of that have been stranger still .
So this is where you come in .
If you know of any other odd retirements worth mentioning , let us know in the comments below .
This is a guest article by Ned Flanders .
Want to try your hand at writing a guest article ?
Got a great idea for a top ten ?
Get in touch here ..
F1 top tens
Nakba , the Arabic word for " catastrophe , " has entered the English language in reference to the Arab–Israeli conflict .
As defined by the anti-Israel website The Electronic Intifada , Nakba means " the expulsion and dispossession of hundreds of thousands [ of ]
Palestinians from their homes and land in 1948 . "
Those who wish Israel to disappear actively promote the Nakba narrative .
For example , Nakba Day serves as a mournful Palestinian counterpart to Israel 's Independence Day festivities , annually publicizing Israel 's alleged sins .
So established has this day become that Ban Ki-moon , secretary general of the United Nations — the very institution that created the State of Israel — has sent his support to " the Palestinian people on Nakba Day . "
Even Neve Shalom , a Jewish - Palestinian community in Israel claiming to be " engaged in educational work for peace , equality , and understanding between the two peoples , " dutifully commemorates Nakba Day .
The Nakba ideology presents Palestinians as victims without choices and therefore without responsibility for the ills that befell them .
It blames Israel alone for the Palestinian - refugee problem .
This view has an intuitive appeal , for Muslim and Christian Palestinians had long formed a majority on the land that became Israel , whereas most Jews were relative newcomers .
Intuitive sense , however , does not equal historical accuracy .
In his new tour de force , Palestine Betrayed , Efraim Karsh of the University of London offers the latter .
With his customary in - depth archival research — in this case , relying on masses of recently declassified documents from the period of British rule and of the first Arab–Israeli war , 1917 – 49 — clear presentation , and meticulous historical sensibility , Karsh argues the opposite case : that Palestinians decided their own destiny and bear near - total responsibility for becoming refugees .
In Karsh 's words : " Far from being the hapless victims of a predatory Zionist assault , it was Palestinian Arab leaders who , from the early 1920s onward , and very much against the wishes of their own constituents , launched a relentless campaign to obliterate the Jewish national revival which culminated in the violent attempt to abort the U.N. partition resolution . "
More broadly , he observes , " there was nothing inevitable about the Palestinian– Jewish confrontation , let alone the Arab–Israeli conflict . "
Yet more counterintuitively , Karsh shows that his understanding was the conventional , indeed the undisputed interpretation in the late 1940s .
Only with the passage of time did " Palestinians and their Western supporters gradually rewr [ i] te their national narrative , " thereby making Israel into the unique culprit , the one excoriated in the United Nations , university classrooms , and editorials .
Karsh successfully makes his case by establishing two main points : that ( 1 ) the Jewish - Zionist - Israeli side perpetually sought to find a compromise while the Palestinian - Arab - Muslim side rejected nearly all deals ; and ( 2 ) Arab intransigence and violence caused the self - inflicted " catastrophe . "
The first point is more familiar , especially since the Oslo Accords of 1993 , for it remains today 's pattern .
Karsh demonstrates a consistency of Jewish goodwill and Arab rejectionism going back to the Balfour Declaration and persisting throughout the period of British rule .
( To remind , the Balfour Declaration of 1917 expressed London 's intention to establish in Palestine a " national home for the Jewish people , " and the British conquest of Palestine just 37 days later gave it control of Palestine until 1948 . )
In the first years after 1917 , Arab reaction was muted , as leaders and masses alike recognized the benefits of the dynamic Zionist enterprise that helped revive a backward , poor , and sparsely populated Palestine .
Then emerged , with British facilitation , the noxious figure who would dominate Palestinian politics over the next three decades , Amin al - Husseini .
From about 1921 on , Karsh documents , Zionists and Palestinians had many choices to make ; while the former invariably opted for compromise , the latter relentlessly decided on extermination .
In various capacities — mufti , head of Islamic and political organizations , Hitler ally , hero of the Arab masses — Husseini drove his constituents to what Karsh calls " a relentless collision course with the Zionist movement . "
Hating Jews so maniacally that he went on to join the Nazi genocide machine , Husseini refused to accept their presence in any numbers in Palestine , much less any form of Zionist sovereignty .
From the early 1920s , then , one witnessed a pattern still in place and familiar today : Zionist accommodation , " painful concessions , " and constructive efforts to bridge differences , met by Palestinian anti-Semitism , rejectionism , and violence .
Complementing this binary dramatis personae , and complicating its stark contrast , stood the generally more accommodating Palestinian masses , the disgracefully anti-Semitic British mandatory authority , a Jordanian king eager to rule the Jews as subjects , feckless Arab state leaders , and an erratic American government .
Despite the radicalization of Palestinian opinion by the mufti and despite the Nazi rise to power , Zionists kept seeking an accommodation .
It took some years , but the mufti's zero-sum policy and eliminationism eventually convinced reluctant Labor leaders , including David Ben-Gurion , that good works would not facilitate their dream of acceptance .
Still , despite repeated failures , they continued the search for a moderate Arab partner with whom to strike a deal .
In contrast , Ze'ev Jabotinsky , the forerunner of today 's Likud party , already in 1923 understood that " there is not even the slightest hope of ever obtaining the agreement of the Arabs of the Land of Israel to ' Palestine ' becoming a country with a Jewish majority . "
Yet even he rejected the idea of expelling Arabs and insisted on their full enfranchisement in a future Jewish state .
This dialectic culminated in November 1947 , when the United Nations passed a partition plan that nowadays would be termed a two - state solution .
In other words , it handed the Palestinians a state on a silver platter .
Zionists rejoiced but Palestinian leaders , foremost the malign Husseini , sourly rejected any solution that endorsed Jewish autonomy .
They insisted on everything and so got nothing .
Had they accepted the U.N. plan , Palestine would be celebrating its 62nd anniversary this May .
And there would have been no Nakba .
" Had they accepted the U.N. plan , Palestine would be celebrating its 62nd anniversary this May .
And there would have been no Nakba "
The most original part of Palestine Betrayed is the half that contains a detailed review of the flight of Muslims and Christians from Palestine in the years 1947 – 49 .
Here Karsh 's archival research comes into its own , allowing him to present a uniquely rich picture of the specific circumstances of Arab flight .
He goes one by one through the various Arab population centers — Qastel , Deir Yassin , Tiberias , Haifa , Jaffa , Jerusalem , Safad — and then takes a close look at the villages .
Israel 's war of independence divides into two parts .
Ferocious fighting began within hours of the United Nations vote to partition Palestine on Nov. 29 , 1947 , and lasted till the eve of the British evacuation on May 14 , 1948 .
The international conflict began on May 15 ( the day after Israel came into being ) , when five Arab state armies invaded , with hostilities lasting until January 1949 .
The first phase consisted largely of guerrilla warfare , the second primarily of conventional warfare .
Over half ( between 300,000 and 340,000 ) of the 600,000 Arab refugees fled before the British evacuation , and most of them in the final month .
Palestinians fled in a wide range of circumstances and for varied reasons .
Arab commanders ordered noncombatants out of the way of military maneuvers ; or they threatened laggards with treatment as traitors if they stayed ; or they demanded that villages be evacuated to improve their standing on the battlefield ; or they promised a safe return in a matter of days .
Some communities preferred to flee rather than to sign a truce with the Zionists ; in the words of Jaffa 's mayor , " I do not mind destruction of Jaffa if we secure destruction of Tel Aviv . "
The mufti's agents attacked Jews to provoke hostilities .
Families with the means to do so fled danger .
When agricultural tenants heard that their landlords would be punished , they worried about being expelled and preempted by abandoning the land .
Bitter internecine enmities hobbled planning .
Shortages of food and other necessities spread .
Services like water - pumping stations were abandoned .
Fears spread of Arab gunmen , as did rumors of Zionist atrocities .
In only one case ( Lydda ) did Israeli troops push Arabs out .
The singularity of this event bears emphasis .
Karsh explains about the entire first phase of fighting : " None of the 170,000 – 180,000 Arabs fleeing urban centers , and only a handful of the 130,000 – 160,000 villagers who left their homes , had been forced out by Jews . "
The Palestinian leadership disapproved of a population return , seeing this as implicitly recognizing the nascent State of Israel .
The Israelis were at first ready to take back the evacuees but then hardened their position as the war progressed .
Prime Minister Ben-Gurion explained their thinking , on June 16 , 1948 : " This will be a war of life and death and [ the evacuees ] must not be able to return to the abandoned places .
. . .
We did not start the war .
They made the war .
Jaffa waged war on us , Haifa waged war on us , Beisan waged war on us .
And I do not want them again to make war . "
In sum , Karsh explains , " it was the actions of the Arab leaders that condemned hundreds of thousands of Palestinians to exile . "
In this book , Karsh establishes two momentous facts : that Arabs aborted the Palestinian state and that they caused the Nakba .
In the process , he confirms his status as the preeminent historian of the modern Middle East writing today , and extends the arguments of three of his earlier books .
His magnum opus , Empires of the Sand : The Struggle for Mastery in the Middle East , 1789 - 1923 ( with Inari Karsh , 1999 ) , argued that Middle Easterners were not , as usually thought , " hapless victims of predatory imperial powers but active participants in the restructuring of their region , " a shift with vast political implications .
Palestine Betrayed applies that book 's thesis to the Arab–Israeli conflict , depriving Palestinians of excuses and victimhood , showing that they actively , if mistakenly , chose their destiny .
In Fabricating Israeli History : The " New Historians " ( 1997 ) , Karsh exposed the shoddy work , even the fraudulence , of the school of Israeli historians who blame the 1948 – 49 Palestinian refugee problem on the Jewish state .
Palestine Betrayed offers the flip side ; if the earlier book refuted mistakes , this one establishes truths .
Finally , in Islamic Imperialism : A History ( 2006 ) , he showed the expansionist core of the Islamic faith in action over the centuries ; here he explores that drive in small - bore detail among the Palestinians , connecting the supremacist Islamic mentality with an unwillingness to make practical concessions to Jewish sovereignty .
Palestine Betrayed reframes today 's Arab–Israeli debate by putting it into its proper historical context .
Proving that for 90 years the Palestinian political elite has opted to reject " the Jewish national revival and [ insisted on ] the need for its violent destruction , " Karsh correctly concludes that the conflict will end only when the Palestinians give up on their " genocidal hopes . "
NEW YORK — Desperate fans of the recently concluded television series Lost are speculating that the program is continuing on in a parallel dimension somewhere , and that alternate versions of showrunners Damon Lindelof and Carlton Cuse are currently writing new episodes of the series .
" It 's very possible that a sideways world running concurrent to our own exists , and that a facsimile of myself is happy , fulfilled , and already gearing up for the season seven premiere of Lost , " said 36 - year - old Kevin Molinaro , who , along with more than 20 million other hopeless fans , has recently booked multiple roundtrip tickets from Los Angeles to Australia in hopes of traveling through a vortex in the space - time continuum .
" I just have to find a way to get there .
We all do . "
According to data from Google analytics , searches for " How to build / detonate / use a hydrogen bomb to open up a multidimensional wormhole " have increased 10 millionfold since the episode aired .
Advertisement
So then this beaver - guy in front of me in line starts yelling at the cashier ...
Wait .
Is it REALLY relevant to the story to mention that the guy was a beaver ?
Aww c'mon John .
If I had n't , everyone probably would 've pictured him as a normal guy .
* gasp * " NORMAL " ??
Aw John !
I did n't mean that !
Beavers are totally normal for some reason in this comic .
You have built a dam between us .
“ Good Books That Almost Nobody Has Read ” and “ More About Neglected Books , ” from The New Republic magazine , 1934
In early 1934 , Malcolm Cowley , then literary editor of the New Republic magazine , sent out a series of letters to a number of America ’s leading novelists and critics .
“ Each year , ” he wrote ,
… a few good books get lost in the shuffle .
It may not be the fault of the publisher , the critic , the booksellerâ € ” it may not be anybody ’s fault except that of the general system by which too many books are distributed with an enormous lot of ballyhoo to not enough readers .
Most of the good books are favorably reviewed , yet the fact remains that many of them never reach the people who would like and profit by them , the people for whom they are written .
Then , after a while , the publisher remainders them and they are forgotten .
Some week we should like to run a list of books like this , as a means of making amends to their authorsâ € ” and perhaps also to the public that has so far missed the chance of reading them .
Could n’t you think of two or three or four and jot down their names , preferably with a few sentences identifying them ?
About a dozen writers responded , and Cowley reprinted their lists and comments in two articles : “ Good Books That Almost Nobody Has Read , ” which appeared in the 18 April 1934 issue ; and “ More About Neglected Books , ” which appeared on 23 May 1934 .
In addition , several readers responded to the first article with suggestions of their own , and their letters appeared in the 30 May 1934 issue .
Although Cowley concluded the first article with an observation that , “ American criticism ought to be given a chance , too , for sober second judgment of the books that deserve it , ” the New Republic did not return to the subject until its brief series , “ Lost and Found ” , which is included among the Sources on this site .
Although a few titles , such as Nathanael West ’s Miss Lonelyhearts and Kafka ’s
The Castle are now well - established classics , there are more titles that even I have n’t heard of than in perhaps any other of the Sources included on this site so far .
John Dos Passos
Dos Passos blasted the nature of professional criticism as the root of the problem of overlooked books :
“ The fact that most professional critics are over - worked and confused by the flood of books and ballyhoo about books that roars over their heads every week makes it impossible for them to get any perspective on their work .
The result is that there is no actual critical weeding out another .
Everything published goes down the same chute out of the overbright glare of publicity into oblivion .
In their brief passage some of the books sop up more money for their authors and publishers , and others less , but unless they hit the reprints and the cheap editions , their fate is the same in the long run .
It is important to establish a public memory for good or for usefully informative writing . ”
He then named six titles as “ … books I think should be kept out of the ash barrel . ” :
• Laugh and Lie Down , by Robert Cantwell “ A straight and skillful and original first novel dealing with the first impact of industrial life on a young man growing up in a Pacific Slope town .
Undoubtedly one of the best novels of the last ten years . ” • Woman of Earth , by Agnes Smedley “ An uneven but impressive I suppose autobiographical narrative of a young woman ’s life in a Western mining camp and in New York . ” • Nobody Starves , by Catherine Brody “ A good local story about Detroit automobile workers . ” • Forgotten Frontiers , by Dorothy Dudley “ A profound factual and atmospheric study of the origins of Dreiser ’s work and the Chicago and Indiana background of our writing during the first fifteen years of the century . ” •
The American Jitters , by Edmund Wilson “ Edmund Wilson ’s compendium of a year ’s reporting that has , besides a great deal of valuable information , some magnificent writing in it , the description of Hollywood architecture and the lyrical account of the Coronado Beach Hotel . ” •
The Disinherited , by Jack Conroy “ A springy lively narrative of the coming of age of a coal miner ’s sonâ € ” as absolutely out of the soil and roads and garages and backhouses of these United States as Jack London ’s good early stuff . ”
Sinclair Lewis
“ All of the following , ” Lewis wrote “ have received more or less critical attention and had a certain amount of sale , but none of them anything like what they lave deserved . ”
• Karl and the Twentieth Century , by Rudolf Brunngraber “ A novel which symbolizes the whole collapse since 1914 in the person of the little man in the street . ” • Dynamite ! , by Louis Adamic
“ That this should not have a huge sale is a disgrace to the entire country .
No book has so well explained why the American labor movement has been so violent , why in so many ways it has been so futile , and why racketeering in general has arisen . ” • Nobody Starves , by Catherine Brody Lewis also named this novel , writing that it was , “ A story of the depression without romanceâ€ ” because it is too authentic to need ‘ romance . ' ” •
The Child Manuela , by Christa Winsloe “ Upon one or two chapters of the original plan of this novel was based the famous film ‘ Madchen in Uniform . ’
For some mysterious reason , though it had fair acclaim , it did not , in Americaâ € ” though it did in Englandâ € ” begin to have the enormous success of that film . ” •
The Human Body , The Care and Feeding of Adults , and Behind the Doctor — all by Dr. Logan Clendenning “ The amazing combination of racy and amusing stories with profound experience and a good sense that refuses to yield to fads in all these books should have made them necessities for every household , and yet their sales have been only reasonably large . ” • The Glastonbury Romance , by John Cowper Powys “ Like Mr. Powys ’s Wolf Solent , this is an authentic drama of the human soul with a curiously detached observation of innumerable little details of the background against which that soul plays out its destiny . ” • Night Over Fitch ’s Pond , by Cora Jarrett “ A novel which contrives to combine the suspense of a good detective story with the dignity of a psychological novel . ”
Edmund Wilson
Wilson had only one suggestion but ended up plugging a second :
• The Five Seasons , by Phelps Putnam “ … [ C]ertainly one of the best recent books of poems . ” • The Shadow Before , by Bill Rollins “ By the way .
Bill Rollins ’ book , ‘ The Shadow Before , ’ seems to me the best American industrial novel I have ever read . ”
Clara G. Stillman
Stillman , translator and biographer of the novelist Samuel Butler , named four titles but offered no additional comments about them :
John Chamberlain
• Orange Valley , by Howard Baker [ Don Napoli reviewed Orange Valley several years ago on his “ Reading Califonia Fiction ” site and found it of limited interest to modern readers .
–Ed. ] • American Humor , by Constance Rourke
Isidor Schneider
Schneider was a long - time editor of the Marxist magazine , The New Masses .
• The Jungle Tide , by John Sill “ A British naturalist describes the forests of Ceylon .
Apart from the textural beauty of the writing , the quietly dramatic quality of the narrative made everything in it exciting , but for some reason the description of the road - making in the jungle by monkeys and other animals remains most vivid in my mind . ” • A Brief History of Russia , by Pokrovsky “ As the most thoroughgoing application of the Marxian dialectic that has yet been made in the writing of a national history , Pokrovsky ’s book is of great value .
I am sure it will become a landmark . ” • Imperialism , and The State and Revolution , by V. I. Lenin “ This profound piece of research and generalization incorporates Lenin ’s development of Marxism to cover the imperialist stage of capitalism , and is a presentation of the greatest historymaking ideas of our time .
It seems incredible that its circulation should be so small . ” • Chaka , by Mofolo “ An African Negro of extraordinarily rich literary powers writes a fervid historical novel based on the career of Chaka , builder oi the Zulu empire .
The book was scarcely even reviewed . ”
[ Thomas Mokopu Mofolo was actually a Bashoto , born in South Africa , who lost his land under the Bantu Land Act and died poor and forgotten in Lesotho .
He is now considered one of the region ’s finest writers .
• The History of Italian Literature , by Francesco De Sanctis
This book , written with passion as well as with patient scholarship , and in beautiful prose , deserves to be in the libraries of everybody interested in literature , rather than in the few academic libraries to which I am afraid it has been relegated .
In his A History of Modern Criticism , Raoul Wellek wrote that De Sanctis , “ wrote what seems to me the finest history of any literature ever written .
It successfully combines a broad historical scheme with close criticim , theory with practice , aesthetic generalisation with particular analysis . ”
The Cambridge Companion to the Italian Novel goes so far as to say it “ can even be read as a novel , a Bildungsroman that has as its protagonis the rising national consciousness of Italian writers . ” •
The Cannery Boat , by Takiji Kobayasbi and others “ I am told that many readers are looking about for good examples of proletarian literature .
Here is something they have missed . ”
Schneider suggested four other books , but Cowley did not have space to include his comments on them :
• Leninism , by Joseph Stalin • The Memoirs of Gluckel of Hameln from Esther Nebenzahl ’s review on Amazon.com : “ ‘ The Memoirs of Gluckel of Hameln ’ ( 1646 – 1724 ) is the only surviving written memoir by a Jewish woman before the nineteen century .
Born in Germany , Gluckel was a dynamic , clever woman .
Belonging to the rich stratus of Jewish Askenazi society , she married a merchant and had 14 children .
Besides being responsible for the upbringing of her children , she was a partner to her husband ’s business dealings .
After his death she carried on with the business and refused a number of marriage proposals , determined to first marry - off all her children before settling herself into old - age retirement . ” • The Poems of Gerard Manley Hopkins • To Make My Bread , by Grace Lumpkin from the University of Illinois Press , which has reissued this novel : “ A story of the growth of the new South , To Make My Bread revolves around a family of Appalachian mountaineersâ€ ” small farmers , hunters , and moonshinersâ€ ” driven by economic conditions to the milltown and transformed into millhands , strikers , and rebels against the established order .
Recognized as one of the major works on the Gastonia textile strike , Grace Lumpkin ’s novel is also important for anyone interested in cultural or feminist history as it deals with early generations of women radicals committed to addressing the difficult connections of class and race . ”
Suzanne La Follette
La Follette was a journalism and early advocate of a libertarian approach to women ’s rights .
• The Golden Calf , by Ilf and Petroff “ The only book I think of at the moment which seems to me to have been much too ligbtly dismissedâ € ” not by The New Republic , let me hasten to sayâ € ” is ‘ The Little Golden Calf , ’ by Ilf and Petroff .
I take this quite personally , because so few people even know about it that I rarely find anyone who can laugh over it with me .
It is magnificent satire , and satire which leaves one feeling that Russia is a pretty swell place .
Moreover it is more amusing from first to last than anything I ’ve read in a decade . ”
The first complete and uncensored translation of “ The Golden Calf , ” by Konstantin Gurevitch and Helen Middleton was issued last year by the Open Letter Press .
–Ed .
Thornton Wilder
• Meditations on South America , by Count Hermann Keyserling Wilder wrote that running a list of neglected books “ is a fine idea ; but I ca n’t think of any more except the Keyserling ‘ Meditations on South America , ’ and I do n’t even know whether that was published in the United States . ”
Keyserling believed that Latin America would ultimately prove the source of a renaissance of human civilization , but a recent writer has called “ Meditations ” a “ strange book … in many passages of which Keyserling seems intent upon insulting Latin American womanhood in general because of his pique with Victoria Ocampo for having rejects his sexual overtures …. ”
A stone I think I will leave unturned .
Horace Gregory
• Saturday Night at the Greyhound , by John Hampson “ A study of disintegration in English lower - middle - class society , tracing the decline of a family that ran a public house .
It ’s a book that should be read by young novelists who lack a sense of dramatic structure . ” • Guardian Angel , by Margery Latimer
“ An unusual book of short stories that was rapidly lost sight of largely because its author , like Hart Crane , died at the wrong moment . ”
Latimer was a student of Zona Gale ’s who was active in radical causes in the 1920s and whose marriage to the black novelist , Jean Toomer , was the subject of scandal at the time .
Much of the content of Guardian Angel is available online through Google books .
• The Black Boxer , by H. E. Bates “ A collection of stories written by a young Englishman who represents practically the same quality that Katherine Anne Porter displays .
He has a good sense of form and utilizes it effectively . ” • Ideals , by Evelyn Scott “ Ideals , by Evelyn Scott , is a bit older than the time limit you set , but I think it represents one of the high points in Mrs. Scott ’s career .
I ’ve never forgotten her study of a small - town bank clerk whose daughter ran off with an Italian chauffeur .
• Life of Byron , by Ethel Colburne Mayne “ … [ N ] ever reached the people who should read it . ” • Wife of Rossetti , by Violet Hunt “ … [ W ] ild but original .
In this case the book was overshadowed by Poor Splendid Wings [ by Frances Winwar ] , a sensational but insensitive would - be history of the Rossetti circle . ”
Gregory added , “ Poetry , I think , is a rather special case .
. . .
I consider my No Retreat ( Harcourt , 1933 ) a lost cause , for the book sold very , very badlyâ€ ” I think like two hundred copiesâ€ ” and I doubt if it will ever leave the publisher ’s shelves until it ’s dumped on the market .
Allen Tate ’s Poems : 1928 - 1931 never made its way .
You know that I violently disagree with most of Tate ’s opinions , but I hate to see good poetry neglected .
. . .
The same is true of [ Raymond Ellsworth ] Larsson ’s O City Cities .
Larsson has an ear , and is a lyric poet of limited but definite range .
F. Scott Fitzgerald
Fitzgerald named four books , two of which have survived fairly well –remaining in print and in critical discourse if not in heavy rotation , as they used to say in the record business .
Fitzgerald added , “ There are probably other neglected books , ” Fitzgerald added , “ but these occur to me especially .
When the most violent emotional hysteria takes place over any rehash of Lenin ’s ‘ Imperialism , ’ any story about a steel mill made out of the dry bones of Upton Sinclair and Jack London , or any version of Hamsun ’s Growth of the Soil , I think the novels above certainly deserve a second reading .
In each case they are the men who did it first and that means a lot to me in my valuation of people ’s artistic merit . ”
He also mentions “ a book called The Spring Flight , by whom I ’ve forgotten –he never appeared again , ” and “ the detective stories of Raoul Whitfield , who I think is as good as Hammettâ€ ” in fact I once suspected he was Hammett under another name . ”
“ As for Raoul Whitfield ’s detective stories , most of them are published by Knopf , and Danger Circus , which appeared last year , is the most recent , ” Cowley added .
[ Several of Whitfield ’s books are back in print from blackmask.com , but the one copy of Danger Circus posted on Amazon is priced at a whopping $ 2,250 ! ( as of May 2010 ) ]
Cowley was n’t able to identify The Spring Flight ’s author at the time of the first article , but added the following in the second piece :
But there was another and graver blunder among the original lists of “ Good Books That Almost Nobody Has Read ” — a blunder that I do n’t greatly regret because it can be corrected now and because it was the occasion for a lot of interesting correspondence .
F. Scott Fitzgerald mentioned “ a book called The Spring Flight , ’ by whom I ’ve forgottenâ € ” he never appeared again . ”
To this , after some searching through catalogues , I added the comment that we could find no trace of The Spring Flightor its author — perhaps Fitzgerald remembered the wrong title . ”
At least fifteen people wrote in to supply the missing information ; and their letters , when pieced together , give a fairly complete picture of a book , an author and a promising career in fiction that ended as soon as it began .
“ The book Fitzgerald had in mind , ” Hartley Grattan said , “ was by Lee J. Smits and was published by Knopf in 1925 .
Smits was a great friend of my good friend G. D. Eaton , and it was Eaton who prodded him into writing this one novel .
I never met Smitsâ € ” I doubt that he ever visited New Yorkâ € ” but I can recall Eaton saying that Smits was one of the laziest people mentally he ever knew .
He vastly preferred the life of a beachcomber on the waterfront at Detroitâ € ” if you can imagine such a thingâ € ” to the labors of composition .
Right now I cannot recall the reviews , but I know Eaton and myself were enthusiastic and hoped The Spring Flight ‘ was the first of a series of novels from Smits ’ pen .
It runs in my mind that Mr. Knopf had the same idea and did everything possible to induce Smits to work . ”
Mr. Knopf has volunteered the information that The Spring Flight had a sale of 3,244 copiesâ€ ” ” not so bad , really , for a first novel , ” but this comparative failure “ so discouraged Smits that I do n’t think he has attempted to publish a book since . ”
Another correspondent , H. C. Brown of The Detroit News , adds that Smits formerly worked for that paper and is now on the staff of the Hearst - owned Detroit Times .
Still another correspondent , Foster Mohrhardt , of Colorado State Teachers College , says that a reading of Smits ’ daily column in The Times would indicate that he does n’t intend to write another book .
Slowly the information about him piles up .
Sol Sniderman , the editor of Point , a new literary magazine in Madison , Wisconsin , says he has heard that The Spring Flight is now so rare “ the author himself is advertising for a copy . ”
Paul Munter , of Brooklyn , thinks that “ Its neglect is a national crime … .
Brilliantly it traces the evolution of a half - baked , half - enlightened character in a nation suffering from arrested development .
The boy stumbles along , pert , cocky , minutely disillusioned , full of American nonchalance and gullibility ( especially as regards women ) ; he contracts disease , tries this and that enterprise and finally settles down in his groove with a wife somewhat his senior .
The book can not die .
Some day it will be recognized as what it isâ € ” the American Pendennis . ”
â
€ ” It seems to me that the author of an American Pendennis ought to change his mind and write another novel ; it might be an American Vanity Fair .
T. S. Matthews
Matthews , the literary editor of Time , named nine books , none of which came up on any other list :
• The Way of Sacrifice , by Fritz von Unruh “ The story of a storm troop before Verdun written by a Junker and suppressed by the General Staff .
A wild and extraordinary book . ” •
The Devil , by Alfred Neumann “ Scott ’s Quentin Durward retold .
The most morbidly powerful historical novel I remember reading . ”
[ The Devil is a fictional account of the relationship between Olivier Necker , a barber of Ghent who became the confidant and advisor of King Louis XI of France and , at least in Neumann ’s account , mutated from a honest soul into a scheming manipulator .
I have to confess that I found the book a bit too overwrought to be worth discussing on this site .
–Ed. ]
• Anarchism is Not Enough , by Laura Riding “ You ’re quite wrong about L. R. , and I hereby threaten to write a piece to prove it . ” • War , by Ludwig Renn More complete , more impersonal account of the German soldier ’s side of the War than ‘ All Quiet . ' ” • & Co. , by Jean - Richard Bloch “ A novel on a grand scale of a Jewish industrial family in Alsace , late nineteenth century . ”
[ Also one of the most difficult book titles to search for .
–Ed. ] • Sleeveless Errand , by Norah C. James
“ A story of post - war London ; one of the few convincing suicide stories I remember . ” • The Martial Spirit , by Walter Millis “ The Spanish - American War as a case history . ” • Greenbanks , by Dorothy Whipple “ A middle - class English novel so damn well done it reminds you of Chekhov . ” • Solal , by Albert Cohen ( Dutton , 1933 ) .
“ A novel by a French Jew about one of the same who ran the goy gamut and relapsed into Jewish sainthood .
This is a wild melange of various kinds of writing , but either it ’s a good book or I ’m crazy . ”
Newton Arvin
Arvin was an award - winning biographer of Whitman , Hawthorne , Melville , and others .
He wrote Cowley , “ Your query makes me realize how little ‘ current literature ’ I manage to get read , and how much of what I do read is either negligible ( deserving the oblivion into which it falls ) or so distinguished that it continues over several years to be recognized and discussed .
I am sure that there is a third type , the type you speak of ; but I imagine it is only the people who really keep up with things who are able to speak of it knowingly .
However , I will make out a list of the books more or less of this sort that occur to me ”
Mary M. Colum
Colum was a frequent reviewer for The New York Times and was considered one of the best critics of her time .
She wrote Cowley that somewhere in the back of her mind are the names of other good books lost in the shuffle , but “ the only two that I know much about are Hart Crane ’s Collected Poems ( Liveright , 1933 ) and Frank O’Connor ’s The Saint and Mary Kate ( Macmillan , 1932 ) .
I am staggered to hear from you that Hart Crane has been remaindered , but very few people understand poetry unless it is read aloud to them .
. . .
“ The Saint and Mary Kate is one of the best Irish novels of recent years , and in addition is very amusing and humorous .
I ca n’t understand why it has got lost , when all sorts of silly and trashy Irish novels have been boomed .
It seems to me sometimes that the best books get the most ignorant reviews .
The worst of it is that there are too many reviewers , where there ought to be just a few who know their business . ”
Robert M. Coates
• After Leaving Mr. Mackenzie , by Jean Rhys “ A novel not widely read but distinctly out of the ordinary . ” • The Making of Americans , by Gertrude Stein ” [ I ] n spite of being Gertrude Stein ’s finest and greatest work , does n’t seem to be getting very far in this country . ” • Life Among the Lowbrows , by Eleanor Rowland Wembridge “ A tremendously illuminating inquiry into the minds of the semi-moronic . ”
Clifton Fadiman
An enthusiast for lesser - known books and writers throughout his life , Fadiman included a number of other neglected titles in his 1941 anthology , Reading I ’ve Liked , which is already one of the Sources for this site .
• The Last and First Men , by Olaf Stapledon “ A magnificent philosophical fantasy which the reviewers appreciated but the public missed . ” • Karl and the Twentieth Century , Rudolph Brunngraber “ Probably the most intelligent piece of fiction out of Central Europe in the last few years . ” • Beethoven : His Spiritual Development , by J. W. N. Sullivan “ A great book on Beethoven and a great book on music . ” • Downstream , Sigfrid Siwertz
“ This is the most remarkable study of family disintegration I have ever read .
It did not deserve to die . ”
[ Siwertz was a Swedish writer .
Downstream , the English title of Selambs , is a powerful novel of the decline of a wealthy Stockholm family in the years around World War One. –Ed. ] • Mary Lee , by Geoffrey Dennis “ Admirers of Dennis have been whooping him up for almost a decade here without making much of an impression on the public .
He is a minor writer , but a remarkable minor writer . ”
Harry Hansen
Harry Hansen , then book editor of The New York World - Telegram , reached back far before Cowley ’s limit of the last few years and recalled what must have been favorites from his first decade as a book reviewer at the turn of the 20th century .
Robert Cantwell
Cantwell , whose first book , Laugh and Lie Down , was mentioned five times in the two articles , cited two books by Irish writers : Sean O’Faolain ’s Midsummer Night Madnessand R. W. Postgate ’s Dear Robert Emmet : “ The first of these , a volume of short stories , received very little attention until O’Faolain ’s novel , began to be praised so widely .
The second is a biography [ of the Irish nationalist Robert Emmetby an English Socialist and scholar who knows a tremendous lot about Irish history , the theory of revolutions and the activities in Ireland of British secret agents .
“ Now let me think , ” Cantwell continued .
“ Do you want to go back as far as 1922 ?
There ’s S. E. Morison ’s Maritime History of Massachusetts which I ’ve been reading .
It ’s a beauty .
And there ’s Bill Haywood ’s Book if you want to get into valuable neglected documents .
I also liked Edwin Muir ’s The Three Brothers . ”
Lewis Gannett
Gannett was a book critic of The New York Herald Tribune .
He mentioned three books : John Evans ’ Andrew ’s Harvest , Steinbeck ’s Pastures of Heaven , Agnes Smedley ’s Daughter of Earth , and Boris Savinkov ’s Memoirs of a Terrorist : “ Three of these are first novels , a type of book quite likely to be overlooked by the public . ”
Nathan Asch
Asch , whose first novel , The Office , was one of the first books featured on this site , replied with a lament perhaps to be expected from a writer already beginning to be forgotten : “ Poets expect to be neglected , books on philosophy have a specialized audience , and translations are a by - product on which the author hardly ever counts .
. . .
But American novelists must live on the American public .
These four must have been considerably discouraged , and they are so good that the development of the American novel may have been retarded by their failure to find more readers . ”
“ Of these four writers , all true novelists , ” he continued , “ I know what three are doing : one writes synopses for the movies , one has become a subsistence farmer , and one has gone to Hollywood and writes scenarios there . ”
• Summer is Ended , by John Herrmann “ Love and the acquisitive instinct develop side by side , with damage to love . ” • Prairie Women , Ivan Beede
“ The effect of the Nebraska sun and storms and plains on the descendants of the pioneers . ” • Call Home the Heart , Fielding Burke “ This is the best proletarian novel I have read in any language . ” • The Laughing Pioneer , Paul Green
“ This book is a phenomenon ; it is a very beautifully written story of love today , shattered by the inequality of class . ”
Responses to the articles
In the weeks after Cowley ’s second article , TNR published several letters with further suggestions and comments on the topic :
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
There 's a new trend in web design that I 'm already getting sick of .
Designers , listen up !
I know you love your Apple products and it's great that you 've found so much inspiration from their designs but please , for the sake of people who are n't using OS X or Safari , make sure your web designs look good on other operating systems too .
Stats Speak For Themselves
Unless you 're selling something Apple - related ( iPhone & Mac apps , etc. ) , chances are you 're going to have a decent amount of traffic from people who are n't running OS X .
Should n't you make your design look nice for those users too ?
Check your Google Analytics visitor info and you 'll see that a lot of people still use Windows ( gasp ! ) .
UPDATE : Just to be clear , the stats above are indeed for [ DevGrow ] ( http://devgrow.com/), a site marketed towards web developers and designers .
I checked a few of my other websites , including the last 400,000 visitors for a site that 's not as targeted , and Windows XP was unequivocally the dominant platform ( for that site , 90 % use Windows , of which 60 % use XP ) .
What to Avoid
Most of my complaints stem from websites that use certain fonts that are illegible at certain sizes and with certain effects applied to them .
Now , I 'm not asking you to abandon your typographical instincts , just test out your design on Windows or Linux to make sure it looks decent .
I do n't think I 'm knowledgeable enough to suggest the perfect OS - friendly fonts stack , however there are many articles out there that discuss it .
A handful of websites are able to somewhat pull off using exotic fonts , like Elliot Jay Stocks :
Apple has positively inspired a lot of great designers and I admire the bulk of it , especially if they look good on any computer ( Tapbots I 'm looking at you ! ) .
Parting Thoughts
I 'm just ranting off from my personal experiences - can anyone else relate to this sentiment at all ?
I 'm still relatively new to web design so maybe I 'm missing something here , or maybe I should just turn on smooth fonts in my Windows Display options , but do I really have to ?
For some reason , I kind of like my Windows fonts they way they look - does that make me a bad person ?
And if you 're curious , I use either Windows XP or Ubuntu for work .
For everything else and when I 'm traveling , I use my 15 " Macbook Pro .
A Manhattan nightclub owner did cocaine off a cocktail waitress ’s shoulder after he could n’t convince her to let him take a toot off her tush , she says in court papers .
In a $ 3.5 million Manhattan Supreme Court sexual - harassment lawsuit , Nicole Slama says Quo co-owner Gary Malhotra cornered her in a storage closet at his West 28th Street club , and then forced her into using her body as human drug paraphernalia .
“ I want to sniff it off your [ butt ] .
You have a great [ butt ] , ” Malhotra told her while grabbing her rear in the creepy 2007 attack , the suit says .
Slama had thought she ’d gotten a lucky break when a friend of the family offered to help her get a job at Quo — which at that point had been broken up into two separate clubs called Myst and Retox — in 2007 .
Slama “ had recently left her job as a waitress at Applebee ’s because she was not making very much money in tips , ” and as “ a full - time student , needed income and was told that cocktail waitresses at nightclubs make excellent tips , ” the suit says .
On her first shift , she made $ 500 — but she also started hearing rumors that the owners often used the manager ’s office “ as a place to do cocaine and to have sex with employees and guests , ” the suit says .
Slama said Malhotra offered her coke on a couple of occasions and she turned him down — but he would n’t take no for an answer on the night of Dec. 6 , when he shoved her into a closet and demanded to do drugs off her derriere .
Slama pushed him away and said “ No ! ” — but he then grabbed her breast and said , “ OK , off your [ breast ] then , ” the suit says .
“ No ! ” the 24 - year - old said .
“ I really do n’t want to .
I want to leave right now .
I want to go right now ! ”
“ OK , ” Malhotra replied .
“ Off your shoulder then . ”
Slama resisted again , and Malhotra told her , “ You have to let me , ’ cause you work for me . ”
He then “ slipped the strap of her tank top off her left shoulder and pushed her left hand down so that she could not move it ” and shook some coke onto her shoulder , before snorting it off and licking her shoulder and neck , the suit says .
Slama said she “ tried her hardest not to cry because she thought it would infuriate him . ”
She sneaked out of the club and reported the incident to the cops .
Malhotra was convicted of sex abuse , harassment and forcible touching in December .
Slama ’s lawyer , Andrew Miltenberg , said his client was a “ sweet , wonderful kid , ” and that the criminal convictions speak for themselves .
Reached for comment yesterday , Malhotra said Slama ’s suit “ had no merit , ” and dismissed her as “ a disgruntled employee who was fired and who ’s seeking monetary gains .
Her claims are not substantiated . ”
dareh.gregorian@nypost.com
Play Audio Download Audio Join Mailing List
April 16 , 2010 : Lonely Pluto floats in the darkness at the edge of our solar system .
It 's so far away even the Hubble Space Telescope has trouble making out the details .
Nevertheless , Pluto is so interesting , even fuzzy images of the dwarf planet are compelling .
A team of researchers led by Marc Buie of the Southwest Research Institute recently released the best Hubble images to date :
Above :
The best - ever Hubble images of Pluto .
Credit : NASA / ESA / SWRI
The best - ever Hubble images of Pluto .
Credit : NASA / ESA / SWRI
The data reveal an icy molasses - colored world with a surprising amount of activity .
Buie compared Hubble images taken in 1994 vs. 2003 and discovered that Pluto 's northern hemisphere has brightened while the southern hemisphere has dimmed .
Ground - based observations suggest that Pluto 's atmosphere doubled in mass during approximately the same time period .
And no one is certain what 's causing the molasses - colored splotches on Pluto 's surface .
" It 's baffling , " says dwarf planet expert Mike Brown of Caltech .
" For now , we can only guess .
Although these images are the best we have to date , they just are n't clear enough to answer all the questions they raise . "
For instance , what 's happening to Pluto 's atmosphere ?
Pluto can get so cold , researchers believe , that its atmosphere can actually freeze and fall to the ground .
If Earth 's atmosphere did that , it would make a layer 30 feet thick , but Pluto has less to work with .
When it ’s on the ground , Pluto 's entire blanket of air is no more than a frosty film of nitrogen and methane .
" Until the mid-1980s , Pluto 's northern hemisphere was tilted away from the sun for over 100 years , accumulating a substantial amount of frost , " says Buie .
" Now the northern hemisphere is coming into sunlight and appears , as shown in the Hubble images , to have been growing brighter . "
Above :
An artist 's concept of frosty Pluto .
Credit : ESO / L. Calçada
An artist 's concept of frosty Pluto .
Credit : ESO / L. Calçada
The atmosphere might also be changing in response to Pluto 's highly eccentric orbit .
During the late 1980s , Pluto approached as close to the sun as it ever gets ( about 2 1/2 billion miles ) and gradually started warming .
Now the temperature on Pluto is up to a balmy - 385 degrees Fahrenheit !
Surface frosts exposed to such " warmth " may be subliming — that is , changing back into a gas .
" Pluto , right now , has the best atmosphere it's had in our lifetime , " says Brown .
And about that molasses …
Researchers think these dark areas may be primordial organic matter .
" We know there 's methane on Pluto , " says Brown .
" Here 's what we think happens : Sunlight hits the methane and breaks it apart into its chemical components -- hydrocarbons .
Over millions of years this process makes a dark reddish - brown oil or tar like substance that sticks to the ground .
These darker areas spread larger as they absorb more sunlight and cause additional frost to sublimate . "
Right :
An artist 's concept of New Horizons at Pluto .
" Now , Pluto is headed away from the sun again , " says Brown .
" It will gradually get colder and colder and its atmosphere will refreeze to its surface .
In fact , that should have already started happening , but apparently it has not .
It 's a mystery . "
NASA 's New Horizons probe is en route to investigate .
The spacecraft left Earth in January 2006 and has been racing toward Pluto for an encounter in July 2015 , hopefully before the atmosphere refreezes .
" New Horizons will map the entire sunlit portion of Pluto , " says Buie .
" And as it swings closer , it will get very detailed images , maybe as good as 50 - 100 meter resolution . "
" This will allow us to explore some of the interesting areas we 've pinpointed , " he continues .
" For example , the recent Hubble images reveal a very bright spot – brighter than anything else on Pluto – near the equator .
And just to the left of that bright spot is some of the darkest terrain on Pluto 's surface .
We want to examine the area where these bright and dark areas are touching and figure out what 's causing the differences .
This is a good target because it includes every kind of terrain Pluto has to offer . "
" We know there are surprises waiting for us on Pluto , " says Brown .
Author : Dauna Coulter | Editor : Dr. Tony Phillips | Credit : Science@NASA
by Miguel de Icaza
Excited to see the work happening on the Linux consumer space in the MeeGo Universe .
There is now a MeeGo 1.0 download available for everyone to try out .
At Novell we have been contributing code , design and artwork for this new consumer - focused Linux system and today both Michael Meeks and Aaron Bockover blog about the work that they have been doing on MeeGo .
These screenshots are taken directly from Aaron 's and Michael 's blog posts .
Aaron discusses the new UI for the music player Banshee and Michael discusses the new UI for the Email / Calendar program .
Media Panel in MeeGo
You can still get access to the full Banshee UI themed appropriately :
Themed MeeGo UI for Banshee
Check Aaron 's blog for the details on the design process and the new features coming out for it .
Then , on the Evolution side of things Michael discusses Evolution Express a renewed effort to make Evolution suitable for netbooks .
The work done there is amazing , here are some screenshots :
Evolution Express on MeeGo
Just like Banshee , Evolution now integrates with MeeGo panels , like this :
Summary of your tasks on the MeeGo Panel
This is what the new preferences panel looks like :
Themed MeeGo UI for Banshee
And finally the calendar :
Evolution Express Calendar on MeeGo
Third Party Applications
You can also run existing Mono applications on MeeGo .
I give you the photo management application F - Spot :
F - Spot on MeeGo
And this is Jonathan 's Pinta painting program built on Mono with Gtk# :
The Mono - based paint program Pinta
Pinta is fascinating as it shows how much punch can be packed by CIL code .
Pinta and all of its effects use 328 k of disk space and for distribution it only takes 108 k of disk space .
Development Tools
And we are of course very happy to be supporting developers that want to target MeeGo using Windows , Mac or Linux with our MonoDevelop plugin for MeeGo .
If you are more of a Visual Studio developer , our upcoming MonoTools for Visual Studio 2.0 will also support developing applications for MeeGo from Windows .
MeeGo
I am blown away by the way that everyone involved in MeeGo has been able to execute on the vision of bringing Linux to the consumer space by the way of the netbook .
Kudos to everyone involved .
Fabio Capello intends to select Jamie Carragher in England 's provisional 30 - man squad for the World Cup after the Liverpool defender indicated a willingness to come out of international retirement for the tournament in South Africa .
Carragher made himself unavailable for selection after the friendly against Brazil in the summer of 2007 having grown frustrated at a perceived lack of opportunities in his favoured centre - half role .
Capello's predecessor , Steve McClaren , failed to persuade him to change his mind and the defender also politely declined when the current manager revisited the issue on his appointment over two years ago .
The defender , capped 34 times , had preferred to concentrate on club commitments and has been a consistently fine performer for Liverpool over the last decade .
Yet Capello and England 's general manager , Franco Baldini , who are braced to be without their first - choice defensive midfielder , Gareth Barry , at the finals because of an ankle injury , became aware of a shift in Carragher 's stance and have seen an opportunity to integrate more experience into their squad .
The 32 - year - old has been sounded out over a possible return and , although the situation is still delicate , Capello is intent upon picking him for his initial 30 - man party , to be named on Tuesday , ahead of the pre-tournament training camp in Austria .
Carragher 's worth as a seasoned centre - half is clear and is more significant because Rio Ferdinand and Ledley King , who will also be in the squad , have struggled with injuries .
Ferdinand has started only 11 Premier League games all season having suffered from back and groin complaints but could begin Manchester United 's game tomorrow against Stoke City .
King , long since restricted by chronic knee problems , has played only four times since the end of February but impressed Capello by excelling twice in five days against Bolton and , on Wednesday night , at Manchester City .
John Terry and Matthew Upson will retain their places , though there is a certain irony in the appeal of Carragher 's versatility given his preference for playing at centre - half .
He has been employed at full - back and in defensive midfield for England in the past and , in the likely absence of Wes Brown and Joleon Lescott with foot and hamstring injuries respectively , he could potentially be utilised in either wide defensive role yet again .
Whether he features at Hull tomorrow remains to be seen because he is troubled by a slight ankle injury .
His international return would still represent an eye - catching selection , with the England management team seeking to bolster a squad disrupted by a recent spate of injuries .
Michael Dawson and Phil Jagielka have impressed in recent weeks , though it is uncertain whether either has done enough to get into the squad that will play friendlies against Mexico and Japan this month before being slimmed down to 23 .
Capello was initially due to attend Arsenal 's game against Fulham on Sunday but will now be at Stamford Bridge where Chelsea hope to win the Premier League title for the first time in four years .
The head coach has dispatched Baldini to Upton Park to scrutinise the credentials of West Ham's Scott Parker given the potential absence of Barry for the finals .
The Manchester City midfielder damaged ankle ligaments during Wednesday 's defeat to Tottenham and his club manager , Roberto Mancini , fears Barry could be absent for up to a month .
" I 'm very sorry for Gareth , " said Mancini .
" He is a fantastic guy and a fantastic player .
I hope he can play in the World Cup , but I think that 's a decision for the England medical staff and Fabio Capello . "
The loss of a player who has been a consistent selection under successive England managers would represent a considerable blow to England 's chances in South Africa and , aside from Parker , could yet earn Michael Carrick or the Spurs midfielder Tom Huddlestone , capped against Brazil last November , inclusion in the squad .
Doctors have long struggled to cure post - traumatic stress disorder ( PTSD ) , a psychological ailment that often plagues war - torn soldiers , rape victims , and others who 've lived through extremely frightening or life - threatening experiences .
Now , some psychiatrists believe they 've found a pill that helps .
Since 2004 , researchers have been testing the psychedelic party drug " ecstasy " — also known as methylenedioxymethamphetamine , or MDMA — on PTSD patients , and the results have been promising .
Here , a concise guide to the drug that could cure our soldiers ' nightmares .
( Watch a CNN report about ecstasy and PTSD )
Why are doctors so excited about this treatment ?
Because , in some patients , it nearly eliminates the problems associated with post - traumatic stress .
While symptoms of PTSD vary widely from person to person , sufferers often experience recurrent nightmares , anxiety , phobias , blackouts , and uncontrollable anger .
But after only a few doctor - assisted MDMA therapy sessions , a large majority of patients in the study " experienced huge drops in symptoms as measured by a standard PTSD scale , " says Brian Vastag in Scientific American .
Some patients said they were " completely " cured .
Even years after taking MDMA , most patients " no longer meet the criteria for PTSD . "
And only a few suffered a relapse .
How does MDMA help PTSD patients ?
By changing the brain 's chemistry .
MDMA reduces activity in the amygdala — the brain 's " fear center " — and causes the brain to produce chemicals that greatly reduce fear and anxiety , and boost empathy and the desire to connect with others , experts say .
This allows psychiatric therapy to have greater , more profound effects .
Is the research controversial ?
There are skeptics , but the research into the therapeutic use of ecstasy is part of a broadening movement in the medical world toward the use of psychedelics like ecstasy , LSD , and psilocybin , the active ingredient in " magic mushrooms , " to cure everything from cluster headaches to chronic depression .
Various doctors and universities are involved , but a primary research sponsor is the Multidisciplinary Association for Psychedelic Studies ( MAPS ) , which backed the most comprehensive study of MDMA in 35 years .
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration has also been increasingly supportive , granting researchers permission to study the drugs further .
What are the downsides to MDMA treatment ?
When taken in a controlled environment , MDMA has proved to be quite safe .
But the drug remains highly illegal , and doctors warn that self - medicating is dangerous .
Psychedelics can cause a wide range of health problems , including sharp increases in body temperature , liver , kidney , and cardiovascular failure , and even death .
" If you 're suffering from combat stress , " says Ryan Gallucci at American Veteran magazine , " DO NOT TAKE ECSTASY ON YOUR OWN . "
Sources : Scientific American , Washington Post , MedicineNet , U.S. Justice Dept. , National Institute on Drug Abuse , American Veteran Magazine
To launch menu in floating header , scroll to bottom of page .
The date across each moon shows you when content within its pages was last updated .
These are some of our site sponsors .
Without their support we could n't publish .
Express your pleasure of reading us for free by clicking on their banners to visit their websites .
Abengoa Solar has initiated commercial operation of Solnova 1 , the new parabolic trough technology plant that is part of the Solúcar Platform in Spain .
The start up follows the successful completion of the operation and production testing conducted over the course of three days .
Solnova 1 is made up of 980,000 square feet of mirrors that cover an area totaling approximately 280 acres .
The plant employs technology which concentrates solar radiation onto a heat - absorbing pipe inside of which flows a liquid that reaches high temperatures .
This fluid transfers its energy to the water vapor that reaches a turbo - generator , where it expands to produce electricity .
The Solnova 1 plant incorporates parabolic trough technology developed by Abengoa Solar and has integrated significant design enhancements , including the Abengoa Solar - developed ASTRØ parabolic trough collector which ensures far superior precision thanks to its design and exclusive process of construction and alignment .
Santiago Seage , CEO of Abengoa Solar , emphasized that reaching theoretical design capacity during production testing constitutes a significant milestone .
“ Our technological progress and accumulative expertise have enabled us to reach our goals much sooner than we had anticipated .
We will use this experience in the two 280 MW CSP plants planned for the United States in Arizona and California , ” he said
The former US president George Bush has made a direct plea to David Cameron to support the Northern Ireland peace process , amid widespread concern in the US about the Tories ' new electoral pact with the Ulster Unionists .
In his most active intervention since leaving the White House , Bush took the rare step of calling the Conservative leader to ask him to use his influence to press his unionist partners to endorse the final stages of the 15 - year search for a settlement .
The intervention by Bush , in a telephone call last Friday , appeared to have failed last night when the Ulster Unionist party confirmed that it would vote against the devolution of policing and criminal justice powers to Belfast .
The unanimous decision by the party executive means that the once mighty UUP , which governed Northern Ireland until direct rule was imposed in 1972 , will be the only member of the four - party power sharing executive that will vote no today .
The Democratic Unionists and Sinn Fein , which brokered the agreement on policing last month , will join the SDLP in voting for the deal .
The decision by the UUP to oppose what London describes as the final piece in the jigsaw of the 1998 Good Friday agreement will come as a blow to Cameron and will cause alarm in the US .
The Tory leader supports the devolution of policing powers to Belfast but appears to have failed to persuade his political allies in Northern Ireland to follow his lead .
Amid alarm in the US at the prospect of a UUP no vote , Bush telephoned Cameron last Friday to ask him to plead with the UUP leader , Sir Reg Empey , to endorse the deal .
While the UUP does not have enough votes to scupper the deal , political leaders in the US fear a no vote from the UUP could undermine support for the settlement within the DUP and among the wider unionist community .
The Guardian understands that the White House is so concerned that the US economic envoy to Northern Ireland , Declan Kelly , persuaded Bush to intervene .
The former president , who took a close interest in the peace process during his years in the White House , telephoned Cameron to ask him to use his influence to persuade Empey to vote for the deal .
" There was a feeling that a conservative to conservative conversation was the right way to go about this , " said one source familiar with the transatlantic negotiations .
" This conversation was borne out of the concern that Empey is holding out . "
Another source familiar with the contact said : " This is the most active thing George W Bush has done in his post - presidency period .
He has been incredibly restrained and diplomatic since leaving the White House .
He has maintained radio silence . "
One source familiar with thinking on Northern Ireland on both sides of the Atlantic added : " The fact that George W Bush has decided to intervene is really significant .
He was interested in the peace process as president and appointed an envoy .
It is a general sign of how concerned people are in the US about what David Cameron is up to . "
A Tory source said : " George Bush did have a conversation with David Cameron .
It was a positive conversation .
David underlined his commitment to the agreement and said we are doing all we can to support it .
But he said that we cannot force Sir Reg to vote for it .
George Bush thanked David and said , ' I can see you are engaged . ' "
Democrats and Republicans will be bitterly disappointed with last night 's decision by the UUP .
As one of the main architects of the Good Friday agreement in its former days as the Northern Ireland 's largest party , the party traditionally reflects middle ground unionism .
But Empey , who is minister for employment and learning in the executive , believes it is foolish to devolve the final set of powers while the coalition is struggling to function .
A meeting between the UUP and the Sinn Féin deputy first minster , Martin McGuinness , broke up after just three minutes last night .
The White House has been watching developments with care .
Hillary Clinton , the US secretary of state , yesterday pleaded with Empey in a phone call to support the deal .
A group of US Congress members wrote to Cameron last month to issue a stark warning that dissident terrorists will be " emboldened " to intensify their attacks if he fails to persuade the Tories ' partners to endorse the final stage of the peace process .
Cameron has faced pressure in recent weeks over his decision to form an electoral pact with the UUP , which could provide him with crucial support if the general election leads to a hung parliament .
The pact has prompted fears in Washington that he may abandon the even - handed approach to Northern Ireland that was adopted by John Major .
Zionist investment company “ Nakish ” to build a tourist hotel on the site of the Islamic burial grounds of al - Qishleh .
The exhumed bones of dead Muslims [ Archives of Al - Aqsa Foundation ]
The Aqsa Heritage and Endowment Foundation has confirmed that the Israeli “ local committee for planning and construction ” in the city of Jaffa has conclusively ratified a bid by the Zionist investment company “ Nakish ” to build a tourist hotel on the site of the Islamic burial grounds of al - Qishleh .
The planned hotel building will extend three floors below ground .
In a statement released on Friday 16th April , the al - Aqsa Foundation asserted that it denounced and rejected the decision which effectively authorises the violation of the sanctity of dozens of graves located on the historic Mamluke Islamic burial site of al - Qishleh cemetery .
The statement explained that the Jaffa local committee ’s decision came on the heels of another decision made by the “ local committee ” for the Interior Ministry in Liwa ’ Tel al - Rabee ’ [ Tel Aviv ] , which had refused various and repeated appeals from the Foundation .
This decision means that the city of Jaffa will be forced to witness the disinterment of the bones of dozens of Muslim dead , and the fresh violation of another Muslim burial site .
Source
As Timothy Egan points out in today 's Times , Nike is one of the few sponsors to stick by Tiger Woods .
The company is also retaining an even more questionable sport star : Ben Roethlisberger .
Roethlisberger was accused of raping a woman in Lake Tahoe last summer .
He denied the accusation and no criminal charges were filed , but now a 20 - year - old college student has alleged that he encouraged her and her friends to take shots at a Milledgeville , Ga. bar , then had his bodyguard " escort " her into a hallway , whereupon Roethlisberger raped her .
Again , no charges have been filed ( Egan blames poor police work for this ) , but NFL commissioner Roger Goodell has taken the situation seriously enough to suspend Roethlisberger for six games without pay .
Not taking the situation as seriously : Nike .
Advertisement
Egan takes
Nike to task for continuing to consider Roethlisberger part of their " roster of athletes , " though they ousted Michael Vick from said roster for dogfighting .
Writes Egan ,
After Atlanta Falcons quarterback Michael Vick pleaded guilty to running a felony dog- fighting ring , Nike took action .
" We consider any cruelty to animals inhumane and unacceptable , " the company said at the time .
But cruelty to women is O.K .
Nike 's backing of Roethlisberger is surprising , Egan writes , because the company also has a stellar record of sponsoring female athletes .
He says ,
At the company headquarters in Oregon , Nike helps obscure female athletes train and find a community of equally motivated women .
That 's one message from Nike .
The other is : It 's O.K. for a buffoon of a man to disrespect women , so long as he continues to throw a football well .
Advertisement
But Nike is n't the only source of mixed messages on Roethlisberger .
It 's worth noting that since he has n't been charged , we can't state with confidence that he 's committed a crime .
Yet several sportswriters ( Egan a notable exception ) seem to be taking the position that even if he were charged , the rape of a young woman would be more like an indiscretion .
Wrote Peter King back in March ,
[ I ] f Roethlisberger is without fault , it still is utterly preposterous he puts himself in these situations .
If Roethlisberger is without fault , he has to re-think who he associates with , and he has to re-think whether it's a very good idea to be hanging around college bars at 2 in the morning .
If Roethlisberger is at fault , the issues are entirely different .
If he 's at fault , he has got to grow up .
So we 'll see .
Advertisement
Grow up ?
Not , " go to jail ? "
And speaking yesterday of the media coverage of the Roethlisberger scandal , Jason Whitlock writes ,
It was completely irresponsible .
Statements made by drunken sorority girls are not facts .
Statements made by sober sorority girls about an evening spent bar - hopping and drinking are not facts .
Advertisement
Then he plays the fake - rape - allegation card :
Some young women use alcohol as an excuse to be sexually aggressive at fraternity houses and nightclubs and then quickly concoct a story of sexual assault when confronted by their disapproving peers .
Most of these allegations never make it to police headquarters .
The allegations are too sketchy and the accuser 's immediate jury of peers reject them .
Advertisement
Again , Roethlisberger has n't been charged .
But if it 's unfair to assume he 's guilty , it 's just as unfair to summarily accuse his alleged victim of " concocting a story " — especially if Egan 's right that the reason for the lack of charges is police incompetence and not the " sketchiness " of the allegation .
According to Whitlock , the real reason Roethlisberger should be suspended is that by drinking with sorority girls , he " placed himself in a vulnerable position . "
Whitlock seems to have things backwards .
It 's a serious shame that we wo n't see the case resolved in a court of law , and that everything we say about it must thus have the flavor of speculation .
It 's also true , however , that when multiple women make rape allegations against one of your spokesmen ( a third woman accuses Roethlisberger of assaulting her at his house ) , you have to think about what you 're selling .
Nike could choose to say that it believes Roethlisberger is innocent , that he remains an uptstanding athlete and a good representative of their brand .
Or it could drop him .
By doing neither , it sends the message that it just does n't care .
Advertisement
Nike 's Women Problem [ NYT ]
2nd Woman Says She Was Assaulted By Steelers ' QB Roethlisberger [ NY Post ]
Ten Things I Think I Think [ Sports Illustrated ]
Big Ben Pays For Wrong - Headed Decisions [ Fox Sports ]
Big Ban : NFL Suspends Ben Roethlisberger 6 Games [ AP ]
Comments
I feel like I can relate to the fellow with the removed tumor : ever since I got seriously into programming , my L - mode has gotten a bit out of control .
For example , coming down to a choice about triangle - based vs plane - based collision for cubes took days of deliberation just to get it down to those two choices .
Plenty of folks had to yell in my face just to " make a decision already ! "
I feel like it's hard because not only do I not have a lot of experience , but I 'm typically left without enough concrete information .
And when you 're the type of person who typically double - checks and second - guesses himself a lot , actual work slows to a crawl .
Having a bad memory does n't exactly help either ( especially when you 're trying to recall paradigms ) , so sometimes I just have to guess .
And making an educated guess when you have little creative energy is barely a guess at all .
When those guesses go awry , you start to doubt yourself a lot ( hence more double - checks and asking other people questions ) .
R-mode sometimes feels like a crapshoot !
Anyway , I think I need to take a hint from you and not think * too hard * about it .
I imagine that takes practice , though .
Posted by Steve on May 12 , 2010 at 03:09 PM UTC - 5 hrs
IMO this < a href= "
Posted by I think programmers are faced with the these dilemmas every day .
And it spans various orders of magnitude from architectural decisions , language decisions to things as detailed as should I use a recursive solution or an iterative one and whether a variable should be an integer or long or a double .
IMO this http://technikhil.wordpress.com/2010/04/07/jugglin...
" > mental juggling is a part of programming and what makes programming so challenging and when you get it right - so rewarding .
Posted by Technikhil on May 12 , 2010 at 10:23 PM UTC - 5 hrs
@sammy , i think this can cover a lot more areas in life than just programming .
i believe i handle things differently in programming ( or even business in my case ) , than i do in everyday life ( specifically with spending my own money ) .
since your post is directed more at programming , i would add the caveats of confidence and goal .
i would suggest that someone who is confident in their abilities and decisions will not have any issue regardless of how many decisions / flavors are placed in front of them .
i would agree that at some point , there will be some dissemination , in order to determine if their chosen path is better than this new path presented .
in the end , i believe their confidence will lead to the direction chosen , and quickly .
i would chalk this up to leadership .
some are leaders in some areas , others in other areas , while some are not leaders at all .
if you are a leader in that area , generally speaking decisions will come easy .
another caveat is goal .
if the goal is to get it done , then you are going to choose the path of least resistance and most comfortable , but if the goal is to make a process faster , then a different path may be chosen .
if lines of code , or cost are the goal , then other choices may be made .
many times the goal will dictate decisions .
one other thought ... policy ... many times policy removes the decisions as well .
Posted by shag on May 13 , 2010 at 05:34 PM UTC - 5 hrs
My best defense against " analysis paralysis " was taught in a class on Engineering Decision Making long ago .
The class taught many estimation and preference - expression techniques , but the best lesson it taught the batch of young academics in the room was that outside the world of a textbook , information is NOT free .
With so many books and blogs and discussion boards to do cheap research that cost may seem low at first but if we consider the time needed , the cost is clearer .
Cost awareness has a way of sharpening focus , with oneself or when dealing with clients / colleagues / bosses .
Posted by Chris on May 13 , 2010 at 05:54 PM UTC - 5 hrs
Posted by Alas , the Baba Shiv experiment holds unsettling implications for anyone looking for a society based upon reason .
It suggests reason can occur , but it cannot prevail .
As a WSJ reporter commented , the surprising thing is not that emotion sometimes wins over reason , it 's how easily it wins .
Posted by tom sheepandgoats on Nov 20 , 2010 at 08:01 AM UTC - 5 hrs
When we hear the word " appliances " , we tend to think of things in the kitchen — blenders , mixers , juicers , espresso machines .
When IBM thinks of appliances , however , they think of something else : Quick and easy software stacks , ready to run right out of the box .
That 's exactly what IBM , in partnership with Novell , announced today : A new line of software appliances aimed at simplifying the tech needs of small and medium business — with Linux under the hood .
IBM has developed several appliances , applicable to a variety of business needs , from email to performance monitoring and analytics to collaboration .
These appliances combine a base operating system — Novell 's SUSE Linux Enterprise Server — the necessary middleware , and the application in question into a single stack , pre-configured to work out - of - the - box .
The new offerings , as described by IBM , are :
IBM Lotus Foundations .
A complete technology and collaboration solution for small and medium sized businesses .
Using software appliances provides faster access and adoption of solutions , from accounting packages to a local network infrastructure .
A complete technology and collaboration solution for small and medium sized businesses .
Using software appliances provides faster access and adoption of solutions , from accounting packages to a local network infrastructure .
IBM Lotus Protector for Mail Security .
Protects IBM Lotus® Domino® and mixed email infrastructure from spam , viruses and other threats originating on the Internet .
Using software appliances means protection can be installed and running in a matter of hours .
Protects IBM Lotus® Domino® and mixed email infrastructure from spam , viruses and other threats originating on the Internet .
Using software appliances means protection can be installed and running in a matter of hours .
IBM WebSphere Application Server Hypervisor Edition Hypervisor Appliances .
Offers all of the robust features of the WebSphere Application Server Family for virtual environments .
By configuring and packaging as an appliance with SUSE Linux Enterprise Server , customers can activate an optimized instance of WebSphere quickly and efficiently .
Offers all of the robust features of the WebSphere Application Server Family for virtual environments .
By configuring and packaging as an appliance with SUSE Linux Enterprise Server , customers can activate an optimized instance of WebSphere quickly and efficiently .
IBM Cognos Now !.
Delivers operational dashboards for real - time monitoring of key performance indicators ( KPIs ) and metrics across disparate data sources .
Delivers operational dashboards for real - time monitoring of key performance indicators ( KPIs ) and metrics across disparate data sources .
IBM Smart Analytics Optimizer .
Enables a new class of high speed business intelligence and analytic queries .
We spoke with IBM's Director of Linux Strategy , Jean Staten Healy , and Novell 's Director of Alliance Marketing Josh Dorfman , about the new appliances and what they offer small and medium businesses .
Healy spoke of the companies ' longtime partnership : " " Working with Novell in support of their SuSE Appliance Program is one of the more recent examples of collaboration between our two companies , but we have a 20 + year tradition of teaming together to better serve our mutual clients . "
Asked about the appliance program itself , Dorfman told us that " since the SUSE Appliance Program started in July 2009 , we 've seen 70,000 registered users build over 310,000 appliances .
We 're experiencing great momentum and this announcement with IBM is an example of the support behind this emerging trend . "
What , we asked , can these appliances do for the IT staff ?
More so , what can these appliances do for IT staff on shoestring budgets , working against managers who still believe in manual typewriters ?
After some chuckling all around , Healy pointed out the benefits the appliances bring , and what can make them attractive to even the most tightfisted technophobe .
Among them is the cost , which applies not only to the price tag , but to the cost of the time and manpower spent implementing the appliances and keeping them running .
That the devices are ready to go out of the box , and in some cases can be set up within thirty minutes is also attractive , both to the overworked IT professional and the business owner without a tech presence .
These appliances are not just for the server room , however .
The appliances — which refers to the software stack itself , not any specific hardware — can also be deployed virtually , or — floated ? — into the cloud .
Independent Software Vendors — including GroundWork Open Source , Ingres , and Zmanda — can utilize these appliances to further their own work .
" Our comprehensive approach helps ISVs to simplify appliance creation , reduce development and support costs , and enter new markets .
With just a few mouse clicks , ISVs can build , test and deploy a software appliance that is flexible enough to meet any customer need : software , virtual or on - demand " , said Dorfman .
Italy is a breathtakingly beautiful country that will always be at the top of the list one of the highlights for anyone traveling to Europe .
So make sure you do n’t miss these sights in in Italy .
Italy has everything the traveller is looking for , from the impossibly blue Mediterranean Sea to the spectacular snowcapped Alps .
There is fabulous food at every stop along the way , and while there , you ca n’t help but trip over history with every step you take .
Here are a few things you must not miss when you travel to Italy :
Rome
The Eternal City , where life is about La Dolce Vita and Bella Figura .
Romans will tell you that Rome is Caput Mundis – the capital of the world .
Rome , the capitol of the Italian Republic , is a modern city , built on seven ancient hills .
It has the highest number of archeological treasures in the world .
It is in Rome you will find the Trevi Fountain , ( make sure you throw in a coin to ensure your return ! ) , ancient ruins , The Spanish Steps and some of the worlds best shopping .
The Roman Colosseum
Talk about the original home for extreme games .
The two thousand year old Colosseum is both a spectacular and grim place .
You can almost hear the ghosts of gladiators clashing their swords and signing multi-drachma contracts with their agents .
In Ancient Roman times , the monument was known as the Flavian Amphitheater .
The name Colosseum comes from a 37 meter statue of Nero that stood alongside , which was called the Colossas of Nero. considering the many senseless acts of violence that occurred here .
Kind of like the beauty pageants are today .
The Vatican City
Did you know that Rome is the only city in the world to host an entire foreign state within its borders ?
Since 1929 the 0.2 square miles of Vatican City has been a separate sovereign state .
Inside it ’s borders you will find Saint Peter ’s Basilica and The Vatican Museums .
While the Sistine Chapel , painted by Michelangelo when he was only 32 years old and completed in only 4 years , is the showstopper , there are so many treasures in this over 9 miles of space that it is worth taking your time visiting the Raphael rooms , the Pinacoteca and a Tour Italy Now favorite , the Gallery of Maps .
Keep in mind though , that it is said if you spent only one minute admiring each painting it would take you four years to see each piece !
The art , architecture , history and sheer aura scale of this place will leave you speechless ( Well except for breathless comments like , “ magnificent ” , “ unbelievable ” , and “ where ’s the bathroom . ” ) .
Saint Peter ’s Basilica stands on the site of the tomb of St Peter the Apostle with the first construction launched under the emperor Constantine in the 4th century .
Now it is one of the largest religious building in the world , and is the work of centuries of the combined genius of Bramante , Raphael , Michelangelo , Bernini and Maderna .
Make sure you leave time to send a postcard from the Vatican Post office which is operated by the Swiss .
Florence
Florence is a Renaissance wonder and the center of Italian art .
This breathtaking city is the highlight of a trip to Italy for culture lovers .
Florence ’s iconic site is its domed cathedral , the 13th century Santa Maria del Fiore ( known as the Duomo ) , built by Filippo Brunelleschi .
A magnificent birds eye view of the city is yours after climbing the steps of the nearby Campanile Tower ( partially designed by Giotto ) and the Baptistery with its golden bronze doors , dubbed the “ Gates of Paradise ” by Michelangelo himself .
Florence was home to some of the art worlds most famous names , including da Vinci , Machiavelli , Raphael , Donatello , and generous art patrons , the Medici Family .
A visit to the Uffizi gallery and the Galleria dell ’Academia are musts for art lovers .
Are you looking for something more contemporary ?
Florence is also home to the modern well - known “ artists ” such as Gucci and Ferragamo .
Take a stroll on the 14th century Ponte Vecchio bridge stretching along the Arno river where you can visit the many gold shops .
Tuscany ( Siena , Montepulciano , Pisa , San Gimignano )
The landscapes of Tuscany are where many Italian dreams are made .
With its tall cyprus trees trees leading to country villas , charming medieval towns atop towering hills , home to some of the worlds best wine , cheese , cashmere producers you can understand why .
Tour Italy Now suggests visits to the grand , sweeping Campo in Siena , a day of wine tasting in the picturesque towns of Montepulciano and San Gimingnano .
Of course , no visit to Tuscany is complete without a visit to Pisa and the city ’s iconic tower
Umbria ( Assisi )
Often overlooked for the more famous Tuscany , Umbria is Italy ’s “ Green Heart ” Tour Italy Now ’s favorite Umbrian town is Assisi .
The town of Assisi sits atop one of the many rolling hills in the region and is dominated by the massive structure of the Basilica di San Francesco ( Basilica of St Francis ) .
Built in memory of Italy ’s favorite saint , St Francis , the Basilica Since the death of St Francis in 1225 , Assisi has been an important spot for pilgrims wanting to visit the saint ’s hometown .
The highlight for art - loving tourists are the recently restored fresco ’s by Giotto and paintings by Pietro Lorenzetti .
Amalfi Coast
Breathtaking views at every turn , lemon scented air , villas of ancient emperors and sandal shopping shopping are just some of what awaits the visitor to of the Amalfi coast .
Each town along the the protected UNESCO World Heritage Site has it ’s own charm and flavor .
In Amalfi you can visit a paper factory .
In Sorrrento , explore the lemon groves and see how Limoncello is made .
Capri is a island of beauty and glamor .
For the history buff there are visits to the gardens of emperor Augustus and the Villa Jovis , the residence of Emperor Tiberius .
Naples and Pompeii
Many people skip Naples , rushing right past it after visiting the historic sites of Rome and on the way to the panoramic Amalfi Coast , but Naples is worth a stop .
Visit Bourbon palaces filled with artistic masterpieces spanning centuries .
The The National Archaeological Museum , the most important Italian archaeological museum , is filled with Greek , Egyptian and Roman antiquities .
The Farnese Collection includes some of the most important examples of classical marbles .
Of course you can not talk about Naples and not mention Pizza .
Naples is the birthplace of this delicious staple and no visit to Italy is complete without trying at least one .
The Volcanic Mount Vesuvius is visible from just about any spot in the city of Naples .
Pompeii is the Roman town destroyed by the eruption of Mt Vesuvius in 79 A.D. Let Tour Italy now plan a visit to these fascinating ancient ruins .
Venice
Venice is a city of charm and magic .
Founded in the 5th century and spread over 118 small islands , the entire city is an extraordinary architectural masterpiece in which even the smallest building contains works by some of the world ’s greatest artists such as Giorgione , Titian , Tintoretto , Veroneseto just to name a few .
This romantic , watery city is a itself a work of art , made for leisurely wandering in a labyrinth of tiny alleyways and people watching from famous cafes .
In mid-winter Venice celebrates a world famous Carnival and the streets and waterways are filled with costumed revelers and the grand palazzos host elegant masked balls .
Every two years the Biennale is the toast of the contemporary art world .
Tour Italy Now ’s Venetian do n’t miss highlights include a moonlit gondola ride in the Grand canal , a visit to the historic Piazza San Marco to see history spanning from Byzantine times to modern day and shopping for a souvenir of island produced Murano glass .
Bologna
Situated between the Po River and the Apennines , the northern city of Bologna is home to the oldest university in the Western world ( established in 1088 ) and is known throughout Italy for the excellent quality of life it provides its residents .
The landscape of this city , one of the most developed in Italy , is enriched by elegant and extensive arcades ( or porticos ) , an architectural element for which the city is famous .
Have your camera ready as we explore Neptune Square and its beautiful fountain , and nearby Major Square , both located in the heart of the city .
Home to companies such as Lamborghini and Masserati , Bologna is a pedestrian - friendly city where guests can feel free to explore on foot .
Here , you will be fascinated by the opulent King Renzo Palace , the Podestà Palace , and the Basilica of San Petronio , one of the largest basilicas in the world .
Vineyards
Chianti , Prosecco , Barolo , Pino Grigio , are juts a few of Italy ’s famous wines .
There are vineyards in every single region if Italy .
A visit to a wine producer is an easy side trip to any of Italy ’s major cities .
Take a tour and you will enjoy the tastings all the more after having seen the sheer craftsmanship and patience that goes into making fine italian wines .
The Italian Alps
You will probably catch yourself thinking , “ these mountains can not be real .
I bet some Hollywood film company put together the ultimate background to impress the tourists . ”
But in actual fact , the Italian Alps are real , and they are beautiful beyond anything you have ever imagined before in your life .
Do you know about the amazing tale of Hannibal surprising the Romans by bringing elephants through the Alps ?
Elephants were the ancient warfare equivalent of our modern tanks , so you can bet Hannibal had the Romans on the run as soon as they saw his army coming over those mountains .
I read somewhere that Italy is the home of more American expatriates than any other country .
So you should be warned in advance that if you stay too long in Italy , you might never want to come back .
With that in mind , proceed with caution .
Devastation of War Archival Discovery Reveals a Ruined Berlin
Forgotten for decades , a trove of post - war photographs from 1945 has recently been unearthed .
The snapshots illustrate the devastation of the German capital and capture the desperation of the city in the weeks after the end of World War II .
They also show glimpses of Berlin 's resilience .
FAIRVIEW PARK , Ohio -- Debbie Tsiros is asking the people of Fairview Park to help her family sell their home there .
Unless voters pass Issue 29 on the May ballot , the property cannot be rezoned and a new buyer cannot get a mortgage .
Tsiros said the sale nearly closed late last year , but the buyer 's lender said the house was on a lot zoned for commercial use and no bank would extend a loan for it .
Voting in progress
Early voting for the May 4 primary has already begun .
People who want to vote early may go to their county Board of Elections and do so , or they can request an absentee ballot and cast their vote by mail .
Learn all about the election in our voter guide .
Mayor Eileen Patton did some digging and found that there were about two dozen residential properties in Fairview Park on commercial lots .
There used to be upward of 75 on lots that were zoned so adjacent businesses could expand , the mayor said .
But when the city implemented a master plan in 1998 , many of those lots wound up zoned as residential .
The home owned by Tsiros ' parents , Donald and Pauline Kurtz , is on West 224th Street .
The family has found itself caught between some old law and some new economic issues .
Patton said several similar homes had changed hands over the years without a problem .
But with the recent mortgage crisis , lenders started imposing stricter terms .
Troy McMahan , a loan officer with Fifth Third Bank in North Olmsted , confirmed that most lenders today would not extend a residential mortgage for a house on a commercially zoned lot .
All zoning changes in Fairview Park must go before the voters .
Tsiros ' family and the mayor got Fairview Park City Council to pass an ordinance placing the rezoning on the May 4 primary ballot , just beating the deadline , Patton said .
The mayor said the city wanted to extend the same help to the other affected property owners , but it was too late .
Those issues will go on the November ballot .
Ken Fisher , law director for the city of Brunswick , said some Ohio municipalities could have fixed the zoning with a simple ordinance ; while others -- like Fairview Park -- place such issues before the voters .
Fisher said the Fairview Park situation is unusual because property rarely gets rezoned from commercial to residential .
Typically , it gets rezoned the other way because commercial property is deemed more valuable and saleable .
Fisher and McMahan said another problem today is that most lenders are not making many commercial loans .
" There 's just no development going on right now , " Fisher said .
Ed FitzGerald , Lakewood 's mayor , said his city has a number of homes on property with the potential for commercial use , but the zoning is set up so the homeowner can elect to retain its residential status or can sell it as a commercial property .
That has n't interfered with home sales in Lakewood , he said , adding that he has n't gotten any complaints .
To reach this Plain Dealer reporter : jewinger@plaind.com , 216-999-3905
Our man Thomas Ricker was just wondering how long it would take before Apple determined the fate of Opera Mini for iPhone , and we 've got some good news -- it 's been approved and will be available for free on the App Store within 24 hours !
Ca n't say we were expecting that , since non-Safari - based browsers have typically been verboten from Apple 's little kingdom , but we 're certainly happy to be surprised .
We 'll do up a full hands - on when we see it in the store , but for now check the demo video after the break .
We 're getting reports that UK and Australian readers are already able to download and enjoy this surprising little addition to the app store -- be sure to give this iTunes link a shot and see if it works in your region , mmkay ?
We just got our hands on Opera Mini for the iPhone , and the first thing we noticed is , in fact , how fast it renders pages .
When we open the app , we are quickly introduced to the default Opera Screen , with links to Facebook , Twitter and the like .
Opening a new tab is a single touch and loading virtually any homepage is quick .
While scrolling through the loaded page , some images do n't fully render until you stop over them .
Multitouch is enabled to some extent -- you can pinch to zoom , and double tapping only fully zooms in and out , with really no inbetween .
Something else we noticed that we'd been looking for in OS 4 , is the ability to Find in Page .
It works really well , and the words being searched are highlighted for an easy find .
This browser totally kicks safari out of the water , and we 're definitely looking forward to updates for Opera Mini .
It looks to be live in the US now !
Hit up that iTunes link and go wild !
James
Murphy is the kind of person who knows a little bit about a lot of vaguely connected subjects – making music , selling music , fashion , drugs , electronics , mixed martial arts .
But the thing he understands most is the unifying concept of cool .
He 's spent an inordinate chunk of his life thinking about what being cool signifies , and it 's something his band LCD Soundsystem dissect and reconfigure in almost every song they produce .
This May , LCD will release their third ( and last album ) , This Is Happening .
And what seems to be " happening " is that Murphy has reached the apex of his ( mostly real ) persona ; he now understands coolness so intimately that it 's become an almost academic pursuit .
He thinks about it more than he feels it .
" I was a lot cooler 10 years ago , " Murphy says at a restaurant near his home in the Brooklyn neighbourhood of Williamsburg , North America 's hipster utopia .
He immediately explains the difference between being in LCD now and his early days with Death From Above , the record label he helped create in 2001 with two like - minded associates .
" New York likes art stars .
When I was in DFA , we were seen as these crazy guys throwing these drug parties connected to some fashion show .
That was cool to people .
Now I 'm just a guy in a band .
I suppose what happened is that I spent my whole life wanting to be cool , but eventually came to recognise the mechanism of how coolness works .
So it 's not really that I do n't want to be cool any more – it's more like I 've come to realise that coolness does n't exist the way I once assumed . "
People always mention how Murphy does n't look like a conventional pop star , but he does n't look like a conventional 40 - year - old adult ; he 's 6ft 1in with a XXL torso , and his bangs protrude forward like the shelf of a cliff .
His hands are enormous and he ( somehow ) always seems to have exactly two days ' growth on his jowls .
He wears a designer Yves Saint Laurent T - shirt to our interview , and he 's still wearing it when he performs in front of 1,400 dance - punk nerds 12 hours later .
Much like his lyrics , Murphy 's conversation style toggles between low and high culture .
He brings up arcane philosophies , undercuts his own ideas through self - deprecation , and then tries to reconcile the middle ground between them .
Even when he talks about other people , it sounds like self - analysis .
" There are some people who are just plain great at making music .
That 's not who I am , " he says .
" However , I can succeed at making music that works as dumb body music , but that can also meet someone in the middle if they want to investigate our songs in a deeper way .
I know the things I can do : I understand music and I trust my taste .
And taste is important . "
What this essentially means is that LCD try to make sophisticated music within the simplest possible parameters .
Some might call such a goal pretentious ; if they did , Murphy would not mind .
" I actually want to write a treatise in defence of pretension , " he says .
" I think the word pretension has become like the word ironic – just this catch–all term to distance people from interesting experiences and cultural engagement and possible embarrassment .
Pretension can lead to other things .
You know , the first time I read Gravity 's Rainbow , I did so because I thought it would make me seem cool .
That was my original motivation .
But now I 've read it six times , and I find it hilarious and great and I understand it .
You ca n't be afraid to embarrass yourself sometimes . "
Because his lyrics are often sardonic ( the new single is titled Drunk Girls ) and because Murphy has a reputation for living hard ( he often swigs a concoction of whisky and champagne on stage ) , LCD appeal to a lot of people who just want to get stoned and jump in place .
But the real reason it works is because Murphy understands the nature of sound ; he uses repetition and tempo to dictate how the listener emotively responds to his work .
I ask him if he can remember the first specific sound that moved him .
' I used to lie on the kitchen floor and put my head next to the refrigerator vent and sing these weird melodies in my mind '
James Murphy
" Oh , yeah .
Revolver , when I was six , " he says immediately .
" It was the song Tomorrow Never Knows .
The hum on that song .
The other sound that really affected me was the hum from our refrigerator .
I used to lie on the kitchen floor and put my head next to the refrigerator vent and sing these weird melodies in my mind .
I 've always sung to machines . "
Twenty - five years on , he heard that hum again – but this time he was on ecstasy .
And in many ways , that was the embryonic moment when LCD Soundsystem was born .
" I was at a club not dancing , because I did n't dance .
For years , I never danced , " Murphy says .
" I was on ecstasy and I was peaking , and then the DJ played Tomorrow Never Knows and I lost my marbles .
But I also had a very important revelation , which was that the way I was feeling was actually me .
It was n't the drug .
It was me .
But you know , I never took ecstasy until I was 30 .
That 's important .
When it comes to drugs , I 'm a big proponent of the boat - sails - wind analogy : your life is a boat , the sails are your emotions , and drugs are the wind .
When you 're a kid , your boat is small and your sail is huge , and drugs are like a hurricane .
So you need to get to a point in life where you have a big enough boat to navigate the weather . "
It should n't be difficult to imagine Murphy as a teenager , but it is .
When he describes the younger version of himself , he sounds like a person who only exists in unrealistic teen movies – an idealistic counter - culture badass who listened to krautrock while kick - boxing .
Yet when he tells these stories , the details are so rich and oblique that they must be at least partially true .
Within the world of his rural New Jersey high school , Murphy was a very interesting , periodically terrifying kid .
" I used to get in fights a lot in high school , " he says .
" I was sort of fixated on fairness when I was 15 , and I sort of looked wussy – I wore a lot of Smiths shirts and I had skater bangs .
But I would often get into fights whenever things seemed unfair , and I was notorious for being a really , really crazy fighter .
I hurt a few kids pretty bad .
I broke one kid 's orbital bone .
I broke one person 's arm .
Broke some ribs .
I was the kind of person who would sit on a guy 's chest and just keep hitting him .
I just got very upset any time someone would antagonise me to the point of fighting , and I wanted to teach them a lesson .
I kind of got psychotic , actually . "
' My dad said :
The world is insanely unfair , and 99.9 % of the time it 's unfair in your favour .
You 've actively marginalised yourself '
James Murphy
The inherent ambiguity of fairness is still present in a lot of Murphy 's music .
On the 2007 song New York , I Love You But You 're Bringing Me Down , he fixates on the phrase " Maybe I 'm wrong and maybe you 're right " .
On a new track Pow Pow , he keeps reconstructing and rewording the sentiment , " From this position , I can see both sides .
There 's advantages to each . "
Some of this obsession may have been inherited from Murphy 's ( now deceased ) father .
When he was 18 , James got hassled by a police officer .
Murphy 's dad responded to this by saying , " Well , what do you expect ?
Look at how you 're dressed . "
James countered that such a stereotype was " unfair " .
His father was not sympathetic to his plight .
" You 're not even Irish .
You 're just white , " the elder Murphy told him .
" Fairness only matters when you 're in a position of power and you 're trying to make things fair for someone else .
Life is not fair .
You 're a white , upper - middle class male in the United States of America .
The world is insanely unfair , and 99.9 % of the time it 's unfair in your favour .
You 've actively marginalised yourself , and that 's your choice .
I respect that .
But tomorrow , you can cut your hair and become like everybody else .
Try being black . "
Murphy later attended New York University ( he got mostly A grades ) .
In another weird example of fairness ( or the lack thereof ) , Murphy almost became a writer for a television sitcom in 1992 .
A friend had submitted Murphy 's prose writing to a TV executive who was looking for someone who understood New York .
Murphy passed on the opportunity ; he absent - mindedly thought the offer had come from someone involved with It 's Garry Shandling 's Show , a comedy that ran on the fledgling Fox network from 1986 to 1990 .
A decade later – while looking through storage boxes in his parents ' home after they'd both died – he found the old business correspondence from that period of his life .
The show he had actually been offered a writing job on was Seinfeld , which would become the most popular sitcom in US history .
" I did n't think much about it at the time .
I was 22 .
I just went back to New York to smoke pot and play guitar , " he says .
" But even knowing what I know now , I 'm happy I did n't do it . "
Recorded in drug- friendly Los Angeles ,
This Is Happening is very much in the vein of LCD 's previous work : long , euphoric , rhythm - conscious songs that are only slightly more funny than depressing .
Murphy writes exceptionally well about friendship and self - identity , and he deftly captures the aphoristic interior monologues of smart , problematic people ( on the album 's first cut , he sings about a person who finds himself , " Talking like a jerk / Except you are an actual jerk /
And living proof that sometimes friends are mean " ) .
This was a central reason director Noah Baumbach tapped Murphy to score Greenberg , a film about a former musician who loathes the world almost as much as he loathes himself .
Of course , the clearest illustration of LCD 's identity will always be 2002's multi-dimensional Losing My Edge .
" To me , Losing My Edge was the perfect narrative song that could have ever come from me , " Murphy explains .
" Everything had a layer behind it .
Was it making fun of other people ?
Sure .
Was it making fun of myself for making fun of other people ?
Sure .
But it was also about me kind of believing the things I was saying , and it was also about being a little embarrassed for being the kind of person who would believe those kinds of things . "
But now , the " kind of person who would believe those kinds of things " is ( apparently ) going to stop being that person ; Murphy says
This Is Happening will be the final LCD album ( he 'll still make music , but not with this same band and not in this same way ) .
To some , the timing of this seems strange .
But not to the man making the decision .
He is still losing his edge , but this time it 's on purpose .
" It seems simple to me , " he says .
" It just feels like this should be the last one .
For one thing , I always told myself I would n't do LCD past the age of 40 .
For another thing , I do n't know if EMI would put another record out by us .
They 've been very good to me and they 've never tried to force me to create a hit , and everything people have told me about signing with a major label has proven untrue .
But the way the industry is going , EMI might not even exist in three years .
And a third factor is that I really want to do a good job , and I want to do everything myself .
Now , I could have other people do some of those things for me , but then it 's not really the band I want .
The only reason I would do that is because this is a business , and that 's not a good enough reason …
It seems like something I did n't want to have happen did happen : I see this band as pure evidence that having a decent idea is more important than being talented . "
Action - packed night here in St. Louis for Strikeforce in support of Alistair Overeem ’s first heavyweight title defense .
I wanted to share my favorites from Strikeforce with y’all before I shove everything I ’ve been dragging around for two weeks into my luggage and catch my flight home for a day .
I ’m off to Portland next for Strikeforce Challeners : Lindland vs Casey .
Not our Casey , but Kevin Casey .
Anyway , I think I did pretty fancy last night — there was ridiculous amounts of activity in Arlovski - Silva so I have probably too many photos from that fight .
Also included are some shots from Ribeiro vs Beerbohm .
Actually , I thought every fight was good save one undercard fight that was n’t so much boring but disappointing .
Okay , it was kind of boring .
And moreso because I saw the winner fight another boring fight before , at another Missouri card .
But that has nothing to do with these shots .
Because these are from AWESOME fights .
No , seriously .
I had a great time in St. Louis , especially the evening where I was regaled with tales of the old days ( I ’m new to the biz , only three years ) by the journalist legends of this industry from Sherdog and MMAWeekly .
I did NOT get to go up into the arch like I planned , but I have a feeling I will be back here , likely within the year .
After the fight , I ran into a drunk dude leaning on a wall while trying to buy a soda from the vending machine .
He walked slowly towards me , two hands up like he was going to grab me , but at snails pace , and eeked out , “ Fiiiiive ? FFFive ? ”
Oh .
I asked , “ Fifth floor ?
Elevator is down that corridor . ”
To which he nodded and whispered thanks , and trudged like a zombie towards the elevator .
I guess he did n’t make it up to the fifth floor because later he was in the lobby with a bucket .
Thanks St. Louis for having a lovely grocery in downtown and pizza open until 3 am .
Thanks Crowne Plaza for your broken , wide - open revolving door and the idiots who still tried to push it , and the customary post - fight drunkard , poisoned in the lobby , paramedics attending to him and his pail o’ puke .
For your consideration : Strikeforce !
Heavy Artillery !
Overeem vs Rogers !!
Thank you for signing the Guest Book for Sgt. Dan Eshbaugh .
All Guest Book entries and photos are reviewed for appropriate content before appearing online .
Most entries will appear within 24 hours of being submitted .
We encourage you to email friends and family members a link to this Guest Book so they may view and sign it as well .
Share this Guest Book with family and friends .
Email to family and friends
GRAND ISLE , La. —BP PLC struggled for a second day Friday to stop the oil gushing from the area where the Deepwater Horizon blew up , as President Obama traveled here to try to assure residents the federal government is doing everything it can to protect them .
The president 's visit to Grand Isle , a thin barrier island on the far southern tip of Louisiana about two and a half hours south of New Orleans , came as BP faced a day of stops and starts in its latest effort to stem the flow of oil .
In the operation , known as a " top kill , " ...
Bumpology is our weekly column on the science behind pregnancy , written by our reporter whose own bump is growing larger by the day
Getting a taste for what mum likes ( Image : Julia Fullerton - batten / Stone / Getty )
Days to go : 97
Waist size : 89 centimetres ( 35 inches )
Additional note : Back to craving cakes this week .
Perhaps baby is developing a sweet tooth .
Advertisement
Tucking into a particularly spicy curry the other night , I started wondering if my fetus was sharing in any of these wonderful taste sensations .
Fetal taste buds are said to develop just 13 to 15 weeks into pregnancy , and we ’re also told that babies can distinguish between different flavours in breast milk .
But do flavours also get into the amniotic fluid ?
According to Julie Mennella , a taste researcher at the Monell Chemical Senses Center in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , they can .
“ If it gets into the blood supply , it will get into the amniotic fluid and the breast milk , ” she says .
Volatile compounds , such as the sulphurous compounds that give garlic its taste , are able to get into the blood and thence into the amniotic fluid .
Each day in the third trimester of pregnancy , fetuses breathe and swallow around a litre of amniotic fluid , which passes over olfactory receptors in the nose and the taste receptors in the mouth .
Several studies have shown that babies whose mothers consumed garlic or anise during pregnancy are drawn towards those smells in the first few days after birth .
“ If you take amniotic fluid from mothers who have eaten a really garlicy meal , you can smell it , ” Mennella says , although she adds that no one to her knowledge has investigated whether capsaicin – the compound that puts the kick in chillis – can also get into the amniotic fluid .
Safety lesson
The memories of these tastes also seem to persist for some time after birth , and may shape babies ’ preferences for foods in later life .
In 2001 , Mennella found that the infants of mothers who drank 300 millilitres of carrot juice four times a week for three weeks during the last trimester of pregnancy , or during the first two months of breastfeeding , showed a greater enjoyment of cereals prepared with carrot juice once they were weaned ( Pediatrics , vol 107 , p e88 ) .
More recently , Mennella says she has found that infants whose mothers ate a lot of fruit during pregnancy are more accepting of fruit when it is introduced to them during weaning .
“ The baby is learning what foods mom likes , ” she says .
“ I think it ’s the first way they learn what foods are safe and also what foods are available . ”
Pregnancy and lactation may therefore be ideal times to set babies a good example by eating a healthy and varied diet , she suggests .
It may also be possible to set a bad example , however , as Paula Abate of the Mercedes and Martín Ferreyra Institute of Medical Investigation in Córdoba , Argentina , and her colleagues recently showed .
They found that infants whose mothers consumed at least 22.1 grams of alcohol per week during pregnancy – that ’s just under 3 units ( equivalent to two small glasses of wine ) – exhibited more smiling , suckling and licking expressions in response to the smell of alcohol than those whose mothers drank infrequently or abstained during pregnancy ( Experimental Biology and Medicine , DOI : 10.3181/0703-mr -69 ) .
None of these infants showed signs of fetal alcohol syndrome , however .
Intoxicated partners
All this raises the question of whether preferences learned in utero extend into the teens or adulthood .
Could my mother ’s wine consumption during pregnancy ( she admits that she had the odd glass with dinner ) explain my penchant for viognier , for example ?
Studies in rats suggest it might .
In a slightly bizarre experiment , adolescent rats whose mothers had been given alcohol during pregnancy showed a greater interest in intoxicated partners than those whose mothers had n’t consumed alcohol , and also preferred its smell .
Recent evidence has also suggested that the children of alcoholics are more likely to battle with alcohol problems themselves .
Becoming accustomed to the taste during late pregnancy might be one mechanism through which this happens , says Abate .
“ Prenatal alcohol exposure strongly predicts later drinking patterns and alcohol - related drinking problems , ” she says .
It is also too early to know just how much a mother needs to drink for the taste to reach her baby , but personally , I ’m not going to let this stop me from having the odd glass of wine .
I also ca n’t stop wondering what these amniotic cocktails taste like .
Read previous Bumpology columns :
My fetus is smarter than an earthworm , Ultrasound reveals breastfeeding mechanics , Boxing clever with the kung - fu fetus , Can old wives ’ tales tell me my baby ’s sex ? , Active fetus , boisterous child ?
Uh-oh ,
Why do I loathe lettuce ? ,
How does stress affect my fetus ?.
A baby gorilla claps her palms and leaps to the top of a wooden climbing frame .
Another grips the hands of her keeper and swings head over heels with childlike exuberance .
The pair play in long grass in the shade of bamboo , fig and wild banana trees .
This is Ndeze and Ndakasi , symbols of hope in the struggle to save the imperilled mountain gorillas of eastern Africa .
The pair , orphaned in massacres that shocked the world in 2007 , are settling into a new home and could soon be part of a new family .
Negotiations are under way to bring two adult gorillas from Rwanda to become their adoptive parents , with a view to returning the babies to the wild .
Innocent Mburanumwe , a warden at Virunga National Park in the Democratic Republic of Congo , said : " An adult male and female were sent to Rwanda during the instability here .
We could bring them back and drop them all in a big area to form a family . "
The return of the gorillas from Rwanda depends on the completion of the Senkwekwe Centre , a specially designed sanctuary for Ndeze and Ndakasi in a lush forest habitat in Virunga park .
The pair , each two and a half years old , moved there last December from a makeshift shelter in the city of Goma .
The babies lost their parents in a spate of killings that cost the lives of 10 gorillas in 2007 .
Ndeze was found , at two months old , clinging to her slaughtered mother 's breast .
Photographs of her dead father , a majestic silverback called Senkwekwe , being carried on a bamboo trellis caused international revulsion .
The fragility of life in Congo 's eastern forests was brutally underlined last month when two - year - old Nsekanabo , a nephew of Ndeze , died after being caught in a snare laid by poachers .
The head of local conservation efforts described the loss as " a catastrophic setback " .
The Guardian joined Mburanumwe to watch the baby gorillas at play in their 40x40 m walled enclosure from a newly completed viewing platform .
" They were found as little babies and taken to Goma , " Mburanumwe said .
" We put them in a sanctuary there .
Doctors gave them milk and medicines .
" But in Goma there is much noise and dust , and the air is not good .
The place was not as safe as here .
In Goma there was no food , but here we have people collecting leaves and bringing them daily , so it 's easy for them to grow .
The babies are very happy now and playing every day .
It 's like the habitat where they were born . "
The infants sleep in the same room as their carers at the centre , which was built with support from donors including the Murry Foundation in Britain .
It is situated down a forest track next to the park headquarters in Rumangabo , north of Goma .
Mountain gorillas highlight the threat to great apes caused by disease , habitat loss , poaching and war .
A recent report showed that , of the world 's 634 primate species , 48 % are classified as threatened with extinction on the International Union for the Conservation of Nature 's " red list " .
The mountain gorilla is critically endangered .
There are 720 left in the wild in Congo , Rwanda and Uganda , but this represents an increase from 650 five years ago .
" The gorillas are doing much better now than 14 months ago , " said Samantha Newport , spokeswoman for Virunga park , adding that rangers had regained control of the gorilla sector from armed rebels in 2008 .
Last year the park began offering gorilla tracking to foreign holidaymakers , attracting about 100 a month from countries including Australia , America , Brazil , Britain , Italy , South Africa and Spain .
Visitors pay to walk through the forests with a professional tracker and observe the primates in their natural habitat .
Local activists hope that a period of relative political and military stability in eastern Congo could turn it into an unlikely tourist destination , rivalling the more established tracking tours in neighbouring Rwanda and Uganda .
Henry Cirhuza , DRC programme manager of the Gorilla Organisation , a UK charity , said : " It 's easier to track gorillas here in the DRC .
In Rwanda and Uganda you need to book six months before , whereas here you can book today and go tomorrow .
It costs $ 400 here instead of $ 500 there .
" You can spend one hour tracking here , whereas in Uganda it can take all day .
And tourism is the best way to bring money to the population here . "
But while there are tentative signs of declining violence in Africa 's oldest national park , grave challenges remain .
Poachers still roam here .
Several armed groups still live , cook and train in the park .
As the death of Nsekanabo last month demonstrated , gorillas still lose their hands , or their lives , in snares intended to catch other animals .
The latest and biggest danger to the gorillas comes from deforestation caused by the relentless demand for charcoal , on which local people are highly dependent for fuel to boil water and cook food .
Cirhuza said : " All the people in this town use charcoal and it's a big threat to the gorillas because of loss of habitat .
The gorillas are on a high plane in the mountains .
In one or two years they will be reached by those who take charcoal .
This park was created for the gorillas in 1925 .
If we lose the gorillas , there is no park . "
Park officials are attempting to combat the trade by distributing kits to local communities to manufacture biomass briquettes from plant waste as a cheaper alternative to charcoal .
Last year it promoted the scheme in an extraordinary publicity stunt , driving around Goma with six people wearing gorilla costumes imported from Britain .
Newport said : " Charcoal is the number - one threat to the survival of the park .
It 's very difficult to fight because we 've living in one of the most densely populated and impoverished parts of Africa .
Law enforcement is not enough ; you have to provide alternatives such as the briquette programme . "
F.E.A.R. 3 is back at it again with this latest trailer from Day 1 Studios upcoming shooter .
The trailer features a lot of people getting owned by the game ’s demonic duo and hints at the inevitable co-op that the game will offer .
There is n’t anything too horrific to be seen here .
Just a little of what to expect when gamers finally get their hands on the game .
Share this :
Tweet
× This page contains archived content and is no longer being updated .
At the time of publication , it represented the best available science .
For central Australia , the late summer and early fall of 2010 was eventful , starting with rain , and leading to floods , plants , and finally insects .
Between the end of February and early March , unusually heavy rain fell across Australia ’s dry interior .
Parts of central Australia received more rain in 11 days than they usually do in a year , and some places recorded rainfall totals more than double the total rainfall for all of 2009 , said the Australian Bureau of Meteorology .
The extreme rain brought floods , but it also turned the desert green , as shown in this vegetation index image .
The image was made with measurements from the Advanced Very High Resolution Radiometer on the NOAA - 18 POES satellite acquired throughout March 2010 .
Areas where plant growth was higher than the 2006 –2009 average are green .
Places where plants grew less than average are brown .
The intersecting corners of South Australia , Queensland , and New South Wales are intensely green , indicating explosive plant growth during March .
The green landscape provided ample habitat for locusts , and by the end of March , several bands of young locusts had infested New South Wales , northern South Australia , and southwest Queensland , said the Australian Plague Locust Commission .
The areas where locusts had been observed in March ( see Distribution of Australian plague locusts : 1 March to 31 March 2010 ) are the same areas that also experienced unusually high plant growth .
With ample habitat , the insects thrived .
The commission anticipated that swarms of locusts would develop throughout April .
The swarming locusts consume crops .
The locusts had already destroyed thousands of hectares of crops and pasture as of April 14 , reported AFP .
NASA image created by Jesse Allen , using data provided by the United State Department of Agriculture Foreign Agriculture Service and processed by Jennifer Small and Assaf Anyamba , NASA GIMMS Group at Goddard Space Flight Center .
Caption by Holli Riebeek .
Carol Bartz ( CEO , Yahoo ! )
As we reported , earlier this week Carol Bartz was front and center at TechCrunch 's Disrupt Conference and being interview by TechCrunch editor Michael Arrington .
Arrington pushed her a little too far when he disparaged her limited Yahoo !
success by comparing it to that of Steve Jobs at Apple .
Bartz , notorious for her foul mouth , had had enough .
She sassed him right back :
Bartz :
You are involved in a very tiny company .
Arrington : Very tiny .
Bartz :
And it probably takes a long time to even convince yourself what the hell to do .
I do n't want to hear any crap about something magical that the fine people of Yahoo are supposed to do in this short time , so fuck off !
And that one I meant .
Have Cameron 's Cuties really got what it takes to transform politics ?
Advertisement
As a study of female ambition it's worthy of a Vanity Fair picture spread : the Tories proudly parading their latest clutch of female candidates in a glossy photoshoot .
These are Dave 's Dolls , the real women he 's promoted and , in some cases , selected , to fight and win safe Conservative seats in the General Election .
And what a fascinating bunch they are .
No twin sets and pearls here .
Some blue blood , but not a blue rinse in sight , they are his new fighting force ; the secret weapon with which he believes he will win the war .
Cameron 's Cuties : From bottom left to bottom right .
Priti Patel , Kemi Adegoke , Keely Huxtable , Charlotte Vere , Nusrat Ghani , Charlotte Leslie , Deborah Dunleavy , Louise Bagshawe , Maria Hutchings , Julia Mulligan , Susan Williams , Penny Mordaunt , Helen Grant
They share a desire to make the world a better place - and for that they are to be applauded .
The question is whether the good intentions of the political amateur will be enough in the rough and tumble of Westminster - especially in these dire economic times .
It 's not their fault , but many of them have been chosen for the wrong reason : to carry David Cameron 's message that the Tories have changed .
Not changed their principles , but their appearance .
On the campaign trail : David Cameron hopes his female candidates will help him win the election
This is not to say that some of these women , with an average age of 39 , will not exceed our expectations .
After all , every MP has to start somewhere , and these women may yet prove to be among the political stars of the future .
But it 's hard not to feel a little disconcerted by some of their gushing apple - pie naivete .
' I 've always enjoyed helping people , ' says Charlotte Vere , 41 , close friend of Dave 's best mate , multi-millionaire Zac Goldsmith .
She answered the leader 's clarion call to join his band of sisters and become an MP .
Or how about this from Helen Grant , a successful lawyer , taking over Ann Widdecombe 's safe Tory seat and set to become the Tories ' first black woman MP : ' I heard one of David Cameron 's speeches and , yes , we do want to make money , but we really care about looking after each other . '
Some wear the fact they 're Tory - Come - Lateleys as a badge of honour : Nusrat Ghani , 37 , joined the party last summer .
Chick - lit author Louise Bagshawe , 38 , joined the Labour Party in 1996 and is proud of her new Tory membership , claiming it demonstrates she is a ' free thinker ' .
It 's easy to poke fun at how callow some of them are , but there is an important point at stake .
As Tony Blair discovered with his all - women shortlists and the record number of hapless female MPs he got elected in 1997 ( most of whom have sunk without trace ) , politics is a hard business .
These Tory candidates have been chosen because they are women and they know little about politics .
They are Dave 's ingenues , who , he believes , will bring a breath of fresh air into the stuffy corridors of Westminster .
But there are qualities that count more than your gender in politics , and they are courage and character .
Laudable though it is that a full - time mother of three wants to make a difference , I doubt 28 - year - old Keely Huxtable has any idea what lies ahead of her as a backbench MP .
Her last job , working for a haulage company , hardly qualifies her for running the country .
A successful MP also needs the hide of a rhinoceros and to be experienced in the day - to - day battle of Parliament .
These women say they have a dream .
Have n't we all ?
Mine is for a Conservative government able to steer this country through the troubled times ahead , stacked full of able and committed Tories who have run things in the past , and can run the country , whatever their sex , sexuality or colour .
PR girl : Priti Patel
THE PR GIRL
Priti Patel , 38 , Witham , Essex
Rising star , on Cameron 's ' A - list ' - a selection of preferred prospective candidates - set to be the Conservative party 's first Asian female MP .
Daughter of Ugandan immigrants expelled by dictator Idi Amin , Priti was born in London .
Parents ran a post office in rural Norfolk and then a successful small shop in the South - East .
Priti was educated at a Watford comprehensive and studied economics at Keele University .
Tory party member since the age of 18 , landed a job at Conservative Central Office in 1994 and became William Hague 's Press officer .
Also worked for drinks giant Diageo , and until recently was associate director at Weber Shandwick , one of world 's biggest public relations firms , with clients including Barclays .
Has a one - year - old - son with her husband , Alex Sawyer .
' I 've always thought the day the Conservatives get elected again will be the day they have people that look and sound like me , ' she says .
Chess tutor : Kemi Adegoke
THE CHESS TUTOR
Kemi Adegoke , 30 , Dulwich & West Norwood , London
Selected as area 's parliamentary candidate in 2008 from all female shortlist - though party members claim it was based on merit alone .
Born in Wimbledon , she was brought up and schooled at the state secondary International School of Lagos in Nigeria .
Returned to Britain in 1996 .
Father is a GP and mother a professor of physiology in Nigeria .
As a teenager , supported herself by working at McDonald 's before studying computer systems engineering at Sussex University .
Works as a systems analyst for the RBS Group and last year completed part - time law degree at Birkbeck , University of London .
Joined Conservative party in 2005 .
Interests include playing and teaching chess , reading , web development and graphic design .
' I 've always been a Conservative , ' she says .
' I 'm an economic liberal who does n't believe in socialism or a big state , but understands the need to be pragmatic .
There 's no other party for me .'
The Brownie leader : Keely Huxtable
THE BROWNIE LEADER
Keely Huxtable , 28 , Birmingham Northfield
Full - time mother , born and brought up in constituency .
Attended comprehensive school before studying politics at Cadbury College .
Joined Tory Party in 2003 and stood in council elections .
Married to Birmingham Tory councillor Tim Huxtable .
Daughter Katie is nearly two .
Worked in the civil service and local government , while completing Open University degree on social policy .
Long - serving Guider in the Brownies , school governor and volunteer music teacher .
Practising evangelical Christian .
' I 'm from an average , hard - working family , ' she says .
' I like to think I know what is needed at grassroots level . '
The entrepreneur : Charlotte Vere
THE ENTREPRENEUR
Charlotte Vere , 41 , Brighton Pavilion
On A - list , having answered Cameron appeal for people with no previous involvement in politics to stand for Parliament .
Married mother of two from South - West London , born in Malaysia where father served in the British Army .
Friend of Tory environmental campaigner Zac Goldsmith .
After leaving Stover School ( private girls ' school in South Devon founded by the Army ) , did degree in biochemical engineering at University College London before completing MBA at JL Kellogg Graduate School of Management in the U.S. Business woman and entrepreneur , has launched several companies .
Was CEO of Big White Wall , a social network for people with depression and poor mental health .
Interests include music - anything from The Killers , Muse and Foo Fighters to Mozart .
' Becoming an MP is a gradual process for me .
Talking to people on their doorsteps I realised I could help make lives better .'
The banker : Nusrat Ghani
THE BANKER WITH A CONSCIENCE
Nusrat Ghani , 37 , Birmingham Ladywood
Joined Tories last summer , responding to Cameron 's appeal .
Worked at Goldman Sachs , Age Concern , Breakthrough Breast Cancer and BBC World Service .
Born in Kashmir , moved to Britain as a child .
Daughter of teacher and full - time mum , educated in Birmingham at state schools , Cadbury Sixth Form College and University of Central England .
Married with three - year - old daughter .
Interests include cinema , theatre , skiing and fun runs .
' I am the daughter of immigrants and the first woman in my family to go to college and university , ' she says .
' Coming from such a background taught me the importance of education , aspiration and the work ethic to deliver the opportunity and social mobility to succeed . '
The surfer : Charlotte Leslie
THE SURFING BRAINBOX
Charlotte Leslie , 31 , Bristol North West
Tipped as future Education Secretary .
Single , lived in area all her life .
Joined Tories in 2004 after leaflet came through letterbox .
Father an NHS surgeon .
Dyslexic , she attended Badminton independent girls ' school - swimming at national level - and studied classics at Oxford .
Cornish lifeguard in summer holidays .
Worked in production on BBC shows including The Weakest Link and The Holiday Programme before moving to educational think tanks and charities .
Was special adviser to Shadow Education Secretary David Willetts , works part - time on public affairs for National Autistic Society .
Sports mad , she surfs , runs and is president of local boxing club .
' I could n't sit on the sidelines anymore with so much I wanted to change , ' she says .
' So I thought : " Come on , Charlotte , put your money where your mouth is . " '
The football coach : Deborah Dunleavy
THE FOOTBALL COACH
Deborah Dunleavy , 46 , Bolton North East
Born and raised in constituency , she stood in the last General Election , for Bolton South East , receiving 20 per cent of votes to Labour 57 per cent .
Daughter of painter and decorator , attended all - girls ' grammar school before working in sales and insurance .
Now director of firm of independent financial advisers .
Proud of her roots , still lives in Bolton with partner Mark and three children Olly , Isabella , Scarlett .
Parents and sister live in same street .
When son was at school , she took FA certificate and coached junior football team .
Passionate Bolton Wanderers supporter .
' Candidates like me are not professional politicians , ' she says .
' We 're ordinary people with typical life experiences . '
The handbagger : Maria Hutchings
THE HANDBAGGER
Maria Hutchings , 48 , Eastleigh , Hampshire
Chosen in 2007 from A - list elite .
Former Labour supporter , famously handbagged Tony Blair on TV about closure of special schools .
' Tony , that 's rubbish , ' she said , attracting headlines .
Private meeting with PM , but felt betrayed and joined Tories .
Father John , a fusilier in the 1st Battalion of the Royal Regiment , died of cancer when she was 12 .
Partially blind mother , Vicky , had three jobs to support family .
Attended Grays Convent and local sixth - form college .
Trained musician with degree in social science and public administration from London University .
Communications consultant for 28 years .
Married with four children , son is autistic .
' After years of battling to get my son the help he needed , I realised Labour was n't helping the most vulnerable , ' she says .
' The best way to get change was to be in Parliament . '
The author : Louise Bagshawe
THE CHICK - LIT AUTHOR
Louise Bagshawe , 38 , Corby and East Northants
Fiercely ambitious , part of Cameron 's inner circle , featured on A - list and tipped for early promotion to ministerial ranks .
Raised in Sussex , attended village primary and Woldingham Catholic girls ' boarding school .
Father a stockbroker , mother magistrate and former head teacher .
Read Anglo - Saxon and Norse at Oxford .
Worked for EMI Records and Sony Music , touring Europe with heavy metal bands such as Guns N' Roses .
Best - selling chick - lit author - books include Passion , Glitz and Glamour .
She and property speculator husband recently divorced .
Three children .
In 1996 , impressed by Blair , she joined Labour Party .
Switch to Tories came , because ' party seems ready to change ' .
' I wanted to do something more than sit in a pub , complaining about the state of Britain , ' she says .
The farmer 's daughter : Julia Mulligan
THE FARMER'S DAUGHTER
Julia Mulligan , 42 , Leeds North West
Local woman , can trace roots in constituency back five generations .
Born in village of Bramhope , mother was once Yorkshire 's only female full - time hill farmer .
After graduating in European politics and economics , first job was in sales and marketing at Leeds dealership .
Moved to leading international communications agencies before returning to Yorkshire where she runs marketing agency .
Married to Patrick , an Irish American .
Has two daughters , aged eight and nine .
' I knew David Cameron was serious about wanting more women in politics , ' she says .
' There are Tory candidates from all walks of life who understand voters . '
The rap fan : Susan Williams
THE RAP FAN
Susan Williams , 42 , Bolton West
Became involved in politics in 1997 over possible threat to grammar schools in Trafford .
Elected to council following year and became youngest council leader in June 2004 after Conservative landslide .
Degree in applied nutrition .
Prides herself on not looking like a stereotypical Tory - prefers ' a T - shirt to twin-sets and pearls ' , and rap music ( particularly Eminem ) to Radio 4 .
Married with three children .
' People say I do n't look like a Tory , whatever that means , ' she says .
' I 'm not posh - just an average woman who can empathise with other people . '
The Labour convert : Helen Grant
THE LABOUR CONVERT
Helen Grant , 48 , Maidstone and the Weald , seat held by Ann Widdecombe
Tipped to become Tory 's first black female MP .
Started life on a tough Carlisle council estate - daughter of white British mother and Nigerian father , who split up when she was a child .
Having excelled academically and in sport at comprehensive school , studied law at University of Hull .
Set up Grants Solicitors in Croydon .
Husband Simon is a partner .
They have two teenage sons .
Family law practice has 12,000 clients and 20 employees .
One of Cameron 's A - list candidates , shortly after being selected it was revealed she 'd joined the Labour party in 2004 .
Now says supported them only briefly .
' I heard one of David Cameron 's speeches when he said he recognised there was a whole generation of people who worked hard , who wanted nice things themselves , but who also believed in social justice , ' she says .
' I thought : " That 's me . " '
The magician 's assistant : Penny Mordaunt
THE MAGICIAN'S ASSISTANT
Penny Mordaunt , 37 , Portsmouth North
Raised in the area , stood unsuccessfully at last General Election .
Father in Parachute Regiment , before teaching .
Mother , a special needs teacher , died of breast cancer in 1988 .
Educated at local comprehensive , studied drama at Victoryland children 's theatre and read philosophy at University of Reading .
Magician 's assistant before successful career as communications consultant and PR guru .
A Royal Navy reservist , volunteered in Romanian orphanages .
Keen artist .
Selected to contest Portsmouth North in 2003 , achieving 5.5 per cent swing to Tories .
' I joined the party in part because I lost a parent and had to help look after the house and my youngest brother , ' she says .
' We were n't well off and that 's why I believe in low taxation . '
“ There ’s a lot of movement arrows on that diagram ” , you might be thinking .
And you ’d be right – there are , for that ’s the key to Mexico ’s system – movement from almost every player on the pitch and plenty of width when attacking .
The 3 - 1 defeat to England was harsh on Mexico .
They dominated possession and created the better chances – a lack of composure in the penalty area was their downfall .
Although expected to play a four - man defence , they instead lined up with what was basically a 3 - 4 - 3 system , with energetic wing - backs , pacey wingers , and Rafael Marquez stepping up in front of the defence to become a centre - half .
There has been somewhat of a turnaround since Javier Aguirre took over as manager .
This side featured just two of the players who started the final game under the reign of Sven - Goran Eriksson just 13 months ago , a disastrous 3 - 1 defeat to Honduras .
Whereas Eriksson had the side playing cagey , static , rigid football , Aguerre has the side expressing themselves and playing more attractive possession football .
Despite this , for the England game Mexico did not play Andres Guardado , the exciting left - sided attacking midfielder for Deportivo La Coruna , who many would pinpoint as Mexico ’s best player .
Instead , both Giovani dos Santos and Carlos Vela interchanged either side of Guillermo Franco .
The basic formation
This photo from the first half at Wembley ( they are attacking the goal closest to the camera ) shows Mexico ’s shape when they have the ball .
The centre - backs ( marked in red ) spread across the width of the pitch , with Rafael Marquez the only one within the width of the penalty area .
Ahead of them , the wing - backs push on over the halfway line , whilst Gerardo Torrado comes deep and looks for a short pass into feet .
His midfield partner , Efrain Juarez , plays a more energetic role and is further up the pitch .
The three forwards are spread across the width of the penalty area .
Guillermo Franco looked to drop deep and drag the centre - backs out of position ( as you can see , there is a lot of space for him to receive a ball to feet ) , with Vela and dos Santos looking to run in behind the England defence .
The most notable aspect of the above picture is that Mexico have three players wide on their right - hand side , wider than any England player , despite the fact the ball is on the opposite side of the pitch .
This is a key part of Mexico ’s game , looking to stretch the play and make the pitch as wide as possible .
A five - man defence when not in possession
Now in the second half ( attacking the goal at the far end ) , Mexico ’s defensive shape when they lose the ball becomes clear .
The two wing - backs ( in pink ) drop almost level with the centre - backs ( in red ) when out of possession , creating almost a back five .
The middle centre - back , Rafael Marquez , steps up ahead of his two central defensive colleagues and picks up any player playing ‘ in the hole ’ – in this case , Wayne Rooney .
The three forwards ( in yellow ) stay high up the pitch and press the defenders , whilst the two midfielders ( in blue ) take up fairly standard positions , with Juarez dropping deeper than Torrado .
Cancelling out a 4 - 4 - 2
This reiterates the point that Mexico only have two midfield players when defending – it really is a five at the back , and three upfront .
Mexico ’s wide players occupy England ’s full - backs , there is a straight 2 v 2 battle in the centre of midfield ( blue ) , the wing - backs occupy England ’s wingers ( pink ) and the three centre - backs take care of England ’s two forwards .
In the end , the only ‘ free ’ player on either side was a single centre - back .
Rafael Marquez was able to step up more confidently than Ledley King ( leaving two centre - backs against two strikers is more comfortable than leaving one centre - back against one striker ) and therefore Mexico dominated possession .
Marquez happy to step up
Here , Marquez ’s freedom to get forward is underlined – he moves a good 15 yards ahead of the other two centre - backs , giving Mexico a numerical advantage in the centre of midfield .
It also shows how naturally Mexico ’s system creates triangles in wide areas – here Torrado ( 6 , in blue ) and the two other players close to the ball should be able to hold possession and work the ball around England ’s two wide players .
In all , this was a rather good demonstration of how an attack - minded 3 - 4 - 3 can dominate possession against a 4 - 4 - 2 .
The key is the ‘ free ’ centre - back , who must be able to move into midfield to help retain the ball in that zone .
As with many three - man defence systems , it may come unstuck against a side playing a 4 - 3 - 3 with two natural wingers .
Look at the picture above , and imagine how much space England ’s wide players in a 4 - 3 - 3 would have been afforded , with Mexico often leaving just two men at the back .
With the players Mexico use , however , they should be able to respond fairly easily to this threat – the wing - backs are full - backs and therefore would be able to drop back and get goalside of opposition wingers , and Marquez is more than comfortable in a permanent central midfield role , meaning the side would become more like a 4 - 1 - 2 - 3 fairly seamlessly .
ZM has recently put forward the view that an imminent tactical trend is a ‘ centre - half ’ dropping back from midfield to defence , creating a back three and allowing the full - backs to push on – Mexico ’s switch to a four - man defence would essentially be the reverse of that , but has many similar characteristics .
Conclusion
Mexico ’s system seems organised yet fluid , and very difficult to play against .
Although they lost 3 - 1 at Wembley , they dominated the ball and created more genuine goalscoring opportunities .
If they are to get to the knockout stages in South Africa they will need improvements at both ends – their centre - backs must be more dominant in the air , and they cannot afford to waste such glorious goalscoring chances .
The latter issue is probably the key – either Carlos Vela or Giovani dos Santos need to step up and demonstrate their full potential – if they can do that , Mexico could progress .
Related articles on Zonal Marking :
The Apartment Decoration Cycle
This sign off is dedicated to sign offs .
Thank you for giving us the opportunity to spew out random nonsensical statements on the internet .
Alt - Text :
This cycle chart becomes more true the closer you are to being a college student .
Every April 1 , our hopes get dashed as wondrous possibility replaces mundane reality , only to disappear after 24 foolish hours .
Life is good when you 're able to watch your wish - fantasies come true .
When it comes to entertainment , some nagging dreams just wo n't die .
Here are five of our own , touching upon film , television , comics , music and the internet .
Got your own impossible dreams ?
Get them off your chest in the comments section below .
Firefly Reboots , Fox Apologizes — — — — — — — —— ——
After growing increasingly tired of pretending that 21st - century sci- fi television has a chance in hell of living up to Firefly 's impressive benchmark , all the major entertainment networks , including Syfy , agree to fund a decade - long reboot of Joss Whedon 's peerless sci- fi western .
All the original cast members return , including the always underrated Nathan Fillion , who has been allowed to leave the snoozy ABC mystery Castle for a much bigger payday .
Whedon also contacts the franchise brainiacs at Lucasfilm for advice on expanding the Firefly universe , and Fox issues an apology for canceling the 2002 show after a single brilliant season .
Alan Moore Changes Mind , Oversees Movie Adaptation of Comics — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —— ——
After viciously savaging the films adapted from his groundbreaking comics From Hell , Watchmen , League of Extraordinary Gentlemen and more , visionary writer Alan Moore takes matters into his own hands .
Given a blank check by DC Comics ' parent company Warner Bros. to develop reboots of those adaptations , as well as new films based on mind - warping comics like Lost Girls , Tom Strong and Swamp Thing , the iconoclastic Moore begins crafting a wish list of production talent to help Hollywood do justice to his work .
In related news , Grant Morrison 's iPhone has n't stopped ringing for three days .
Pink Floyd Reunites , Will Tour With Radiohead , My Bloody Valentine — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —— ——
Pink Floyd's Dark Side of the Moon will be played in its entirety on the reunion tour .
Image courtesy Capitol/ EMI
Founding Pink Floyd member Roger Waters and famous guitarist David Gilmour finally settle their differences to reunite the band , which will embark on a worldwide tour this summer .
Drummer Nick Mason will join them , while Traffic and Blind Faith vocalist and keyboardist Steve Winwood has tentatively been offered the spot of the late , great Richard Wright .
The newly reunited Pink Floyd , which first merged mind - blowing music and visuals in the mid-'60s , plans to unveil an effects - rich holographic environment on its forthcoming tour , during which it will play the greatest hits and deepest cuts from its wide - ranging career , including the greatest concept album of all time , Dark Side of the Moon .
Members of opening bands Radiohead and My Bloody Valentine will round out Pink Floyd 's rebooted rhythm section , sending rock fans scurrying for their wallets and hankies .
Neuromancer Film Arrives at Last — — — — — — — — —— —-
Sci -fi legend William Gibson will oversee Neuromancer 's migration to the silver screen .
Image courtesy Wikipedia / Gonzo Bonzo
After decades of stops and starts , William Gibson 's sci- fi novel Neuromancer will at last grace the silver screen .
Early word is that Avatar mogul James Cameron and Hobbit and Pan's Labyrinth auteur Guillermo del Toro are in the running for the director 's chair .
( The decision remains Gibson 's , and he has n't made one . )
Yet the prolific author has confirmed that Neuromancer will be energized by the next wave of immersive 3 - D Imax technology , and that Keanu Reeves is out of the running as the film 's antiheroic protagonist Case .
One additional confirmation :
The soundtrack will be composed by the newly reunited Pink Floyd , and its backing bands Radiohead and My Bloody Valentine .
Studios , Labels Throw In Towel , Back BitTorrent Supersite — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —— ——
Discs have been dying for decades , and digital is the only way to go , major labels and studios admit at a massive press conference held in Los Angeles .
All parties agree to set aside a collective $ 1 billion dollars to build a sprawling , internetworked supersite employing the BitTorrent protocol and featuring DRM - free libraries of music and movie catalogs .
The as - yet - unnamed site will allow users from any country to download any music , television or film release ever made for a per - title fee ; the files can be stored on or transferred to any device .
Plans are in place to create monthly and annual all - you - can - eat subscription tiers , allowing users to gorge on human culture 's mind - bending visual and sonic history for an affordable price .
What 's Your Foolish Dream ? — — — — — — ——
–
Those are our April Fools '
Day flights of fancy .
What entertaining dreams about sci- fi , comics , music and culture in general do you dare to harbor ?
Let us know in the comments section below .
See Also :
Earlier this week a group of Chinese Christians held a news conference to announce they were 99.9 percent sure they had found Noah 's Ark — the boat the Bible says was built by God 's most righteous man before a " sinful " human race drowned in the Great Flood .
Maybe the find on Mount Ararat in Turkey really is Noah 's Ark .
More likely , it is n't .
But if it is n't , that wo n't stop
Ark enthusiasts from believing it is out there somewhere .
Immediately in the wake of the news flash , experts weighed in to shoot it down .
" The wood in the photos is not old enough " ... " There are no location pictures to verify the site " ...
" No independent experts have looked at the data " ... " There 's never been evidence of a great flood . "
And the people voicing the loudest caution are biblical archeologists who believe the ark is real and that it can be found .
Dr. Randall Price , head of Judaic Studies at Liberty University , had been a cohort of the Noah 's Ark Ministries International team until two years ago .
He pulled out of the project , sensing they were being taken advantage of by Kurdish guides , who 've turned Ark searching into a cottage industry .
" I think we can't rule out the possibility that this is a hoax , because a lot of the things that happen in that region of the world , and especially with the Kurdish guides that are involved , are designed to try to extract money from gullible people , " Price said .
But he added : " I 'm reserving my opinion at this point until I see how things are developing . "
Dr. John Morris , lead archeologist at the Institute for Creation Research , says " I 'm leaning towards that the Chinese people have been deceived . "
Morris has led 13 expeditions to Mount Ararat looking for the ark .
He knows the area well and says of the recent find , " At best , it is an elaborate deception . "
Morris and Price were contacted by the Chinese team to take part in the press event , but they declined based on how little evidence they saw .
Professor Porcher Taylor at the University of Richmond says he , too , believes it is not Noah 's Ark , because " they 're digging in the wrong place on Mt. Ararat . "
Taylor says satellite imaging of the region about a half mile away from where the Chinese group says they found the ark shows what has been called " the Ararat anomaly , " an area that has intrigued the U.S. intelligence community for years .
" If the remains of Noah 's Ark are on Mt. Ararat , " Taylor says , " the only logical place would be at the Ararat anomaly site , and not at the site in these sensational claims made by this group . "
A fundamental question separating scientific inquiry into Noah 's Ark is :
Is the account of the great flood in the Bible true , or is it a mythical legend ?
Dr. Paul Zimansky , professor of archeology and ancient history at State University of New York at Stony Brook , says , " I think it has all the earmarks of a story , but in any case it is n't anything we can investigate as an archaeologist . "
A catastrophic flood on Earth is spoken of in many ancient cultures : in Sumerian , Babylonian , Greek , Hindu , Gallic , Scandinavian and Chinese legends .
Some even predate the Old Testament .
The odd thing , Zimansky says , is that even though there are written accounts of the flood in all these cultures , archaeologists have yet to find evidence of it .
If you take the Bible literally , Zimansky says , " this ark is going to be deposited in an archaeological context which would be a flood stratum .
And it 's not going to be a little flood stratum .
It 's going to cover the entire Earth .
Well , no such flood stratum exists . "
And that 's where Morris disagrees with archaeologists like Zimansky .
" It all depends on your presupposition , " says Morris .
" I think they 're looking at it through the wrong glasses . "
Morris says a great flood would shape the landscape of the entire planet — carving out crevices like the Grand Canyon , even separating huge masses of land like the African and South American continents .
" Everything on earth gives evidence of the flood , " Morris says .
That is why he is convinced something is up there on Mt. Ararat .
He says there have been hundreds accounts from eyewitnesses saying they saw what looked like a big ship .
Some of those accounts , he says , are from pilots who flew over the area during World War II .
Considerable amounts of military data and ground - penetrating imaging have reported showing a shape of something manmade on the mountain .
Taylor is also convinced Noah's
Ark is there , because of the Ararat anomaly 's shape and size .
" The boat - shaped Ararat anomaly and Noah 's Ark both have a 6 - to - 1 length - to - width ratio , " he says .
The Ark , depending on how you measure a cubit , could be anywhere from 450 to 600 feet long .
The anomaly is 1,200 feet .
But , Porcher says , scientists have debated for years the length of a cubit , which is thought to be the length of a man 's forearm between the elbow and the tip of his finger .
But whose elbow ?
The Bible talks of " the Nephilim " ( Genesis 6:1 - 4 ) being in the world at that time .
The Nephilim were giants or a very large race .
If a cubit was measured by the length of a very large man 's forearm , Porcher says that would mean " the ark was much larger than previously thought . "
Many experts have concluded from examining the photos that the images are of rock formations that strongly resemble the boat described in Genesis .
Whatever it is , it convinces Morris , and countless others , to keep returning to Mt. Ararat , hoping to find what their faith tells them can be found .
Here at GeekDad , we have been promoting the value of role - playing games with children for quite some time .
And , along with all the other geek parents out there in libraries and schools promoting the value of role - playing games in supporting the learning and development of our children – we'd like to lay a small claim on the latest offering from Wizards of the Coast .
The publishers of Dungeons and Dragons have just launched Monster Slayers : The Heroes of Hesiod which looks like it could be a whole new line of D&D products for children age six and up .
They are quick to link their product to the broad range of educational benefits including math skills , literacy , problem solving and creative thinking .
They leave out the other important skills that can be learned like how to pierce a dragons hide , why you should always let the thief open the locked box and why you should never , ever become separated from the party in a narrow dungeon .
That said , they are clearly responding to the growing number of role players who are keen to introduce their children to their favorite pastime .
On their website , they write :
We ’ve heard from many of you out there that you ’ve been wanting to unlock these benefits for your kids , but you feel that they ’re not ready for the basic game or you just do n’t have the time to run your own campaign .
So we put together this variation , based on the new novel for young readers , Monster Slayers by Lukas Ritter .
Monster Slayers :
The Heroes of Hesiod captures the flavor , fun , and educational benefits of Dungeons & Dragons in a fast - paced , easy - to - learn experience for kids ages six years old and up .
But , if you are concerned that Wizards of the Coast are cashing in here – do n't be .
The whole adventure is available as a free PDF from their website .
From a simple read , the game has been thought out well .
There are hero and monster cards and tokens which have much simpler stats , a basic one - page adventure outline and the playing system does look like a 6 - year - old could handle it .
In fact , the stats look very similar to those that I used in a simple version of Fuzzy Heroes that I started my 4 - year - old on a couple of years ago .
I only just printed Monster Slayers out , so will have to report back on how I found it with my two boys ( ages 6 and 8 ) .
My feeling is , that despite the claims , the creativity has been sapped out of the game by the simplicity of it .
I have a lot of fun with Fuzzy Heroes adventures because we use the whole house , and transform the furniture and fittings into aspects of our adventure .
They boys love turning their own soft toys into characters , and simple things like choosing their own special power ( rather than having it made up for them ... as in this game ) is a powerful tool in connecting them to their character and the game .
That said , it is great to see Wizards of the Coast putting this type of material out there for free .
May it inspire more parents to role the dice with their kids .
And as I said , proper review pending .
By Peter Bowes
BBC News , Palmdale , California
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
The US space agency Nasa has unveiled a powerful new tool in its quest to unravel the mysteries of the Universe .
The Stratospheric Observatory for Infrared Astronomy is a modified Boeing 747 - SP aircraft known as Sofia .
Developed in partnership with the German Aerospace Centre , DLR , the ' plane is the only flying astronomical observatory in the world .
It carries a 2.7 m telescope , and offers astronomers a unique opportunity to explore the cosmos .
It can identify objects that emit radiation at infrared wavelengths , which are not visible to the human eye .
Window on the Universe For years , astronomers have been looking forward to the day when they could carry out their work beyond the obscuring water vapour of the Earth 's atmosphere .
Airborne astronomy started in the 1960s when the planetary scientist Dr Gerard Kuiper pointed a 30 cm telescope out of the window of a plane .
This is one of the airborne machines that truly defies the imagination
John Carter
Sofia aircraft project manager
Between 1974 and 1995 , Nasa operated a telescope from a military cargo plane .
But Sofia is a major step forward .
The aircraft flies at up to 45,000 feet ( 13,716 m ) .
The high altitude means it is above 99 % of the water vapour that absorbs most infrared radiation from space .
In effect , it opens a window to the Universe that was previously obliterated from view , and allows observations to be made that are impossible with Earth - bound telescopes .
Sofia is based at Nasa 's Dryden Aircraft Operations Facility on the outskirts of California 's high desert .
" People have been working on this project for well over a decade , " says Bob Meyer , Sofia programme manager .
" There are some folks here that have dedicated half of their careers to getting Sofia flying , and we are on the cusp now of the first science flights .
It really is exciting . "
Open view
The 40,000 - pound ( 18,181kg ) telescope assembly is housed behind a huge cavity door in the side of the jetliner .
" It is open to the atmosphere , " explains Mr Meyer .
" There is nothing obscuring the view of the telescope itself ; and on the cabin side of the bulkhead , the scientists can ride along in a shirt sleeve or airline type environment and make the astronomical measurements with science instruments that are installed on the telescope . "
Nasa is completing the test flight stage of the project .
The first science flights are due to take place next winter .
Sofia 's telescope will investigate how stars and planetary systems form
The goal is eventually to fly 100 - 150 nights a year , for the next two decades .
Each flight will have 15 - 20 people on board , and will cost $ 100,000 - $ 150,000 ( £ 65,000 - £ 97,000 ) .
Flights will last about nine hours .
Sofia will explore the Universe in minute detail .
It will investigate molecular clouds to find out how stars and planetary systems form .
Evidence will be sought that can help astronomers understand the origin of life by studying complex biogenic molecules .
Scientists hope to learn how galaxies evolve with time by studying the dust and gas within them .
Sofia will also make measurements associated with comets and their characteristic tails .
There is a long - held theory that comets , colliding with Earth millions of years ago , may have brought water and other raw materials that made life on our planet possible .
" I find this particularly fascinating , " says Mr Meyer .
" Comets glow as they get nearer to the Sun , and most of the other infrared observatories that are in orbit are n't able to turn and look at comets when they 're that close to the Sun .
" Sofia will be able to do that .
So we 'll actually be able to measure and look at the tails of comets and actually measure the chemical constituents . "
Californian dreaming John Carter , Sofia aircraft project manager says : " This is a once in a lifetime project .
" It 's an incredible engineering feat .
This is one of the airborne machines that truly defies the imagination . "
Sofia will operate , primarily , from Southern California .
But the aircraft will fly from other locations around the world as required by the scientists and in response to astronomical events .
" It 's hard to know exactly what Sofia is going to contribute to the science of the formation of the Universe and our own Solar System , " says Mr Meyer .
" But I am sure it will make significant findings that will really contribute to the overall knowledge and understanding of how we got here and where we 're going . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Advertisement
Project management is the discipline of planning , organizing , and managing resources to bring about the successful completion of specific project goals and objectives .
Having a program management tool that you actually like using is pretty hard these days and finding a good list of applications from which to choose the one that fits best for you is also difficult .
As well as project management tools , a designer also needs invoicing tools in order to create and track payments and because
I ’m offering you a list of the best and , let ’s say , most appealing invoicing and project management tools or applications that you can find on the net .
Top invoicing tools
Whether you ’re a business owner , or just a freelancer , you ’re undoubtedly aware of how important invoices are .
After all , invoicing your clients is the primary way of getting paid .
Fortunately , there are plenty of options for invoicing .
They all allow you to send out invoices easily .
However , with the number of options for sending invoices for businesses , choosing the best invoice software can be very tricky .
Whether you ’re looking for invoicing software for small businesses or just a simple invoice software , you will find that most of the invoicing software available today offers more or less the same features .
There are all the essentials of a good invoice generator software , such as Whom To and From Who , as well as the Date of the invoice , or any other details that might be important for the specific situation .
Without further ado , here is a list of invoicing software that you can take a look at .
They ’re all software that allow you to manage invoices , and makes easy invoices creation as simple as possible .
Some even offer invoice tracking as well .
This is potentially the best invoicing software .
Its main advantage over other billing tools is its sheer speed of work .
Generating professional invoices with it is a breeze .
There ’s also another advantage to this invoice generator software , and that is the billing timer , as well as the option to export your invoices .
You will find a clean and simple user interface , which ensures that you know which invoices are due , and which ones are taken care of .
The best thing ?
This is actually a free invoicing software , as long as you do n’t use payments .
Payments have a flat 2.8 percent rate .
Sighted
Another dead - simple piece of software , this is also among the choices for the best invoice app .
It is also extremely fast , and is created by a team that wants you to get paid .
It is no secret that wrong money management can kill your small business , but you could always give this invoicing software a try .
The team realizes that having well - managed finances will increase the chances of getting paid , and getting paid on time .
There is integration of multiple payment functions as well .
All in all , you wo n’t feel like you ’re missing out on anything .
Dead simple UI , 24/7 support and incredible speed , along with advanced functionality .
These are only a few of the reasons why Freshbooks has such a large user base .
There are even more options , such as repeat billing , adding a logo to your invoice , getting paid in multiple currencies , etc .
There ’s even the option of seeing whether your client is seeing or paying your invoice in real time .
Advertisement
Zoho actually offer a lot of features that are n’t specifically tied to invoicing , such as offering marketing and sales tools , their software is simple , and ideal for anyone who wants to be able to quickly create invoices .
There are functions such as creating automated reminders , well - designed invoices , team - based collaboration and project time tracking .
There is also integration with the most widely used payment gateways , such as Stripe and PayPal , which means that you ’re most likely covered as far as getting paid goes .
This is a very versatile invoicing software .
That versatility is mostly from the fact that you get options and features for anything from freelancers to enterprise - size businesses .
Regardless of what you need , there ’s the option of a different language , different currency , or even free templates for invoices that you can edit and send out .
You can also get detailed invoicing reports , which might come in handy if you ever need to create a budget and get an expected revenue number .
If you have less than three clients , you can opt for a free plan .
However , if you ’re working with more , you ’ll be looking at $ 19.95 per month .
This is a software that makes online invoicing easy .
There is advanced client and project billing , which lets you maximize billable hours , and enhance profitability by managing the project ’s deliverables .
Bildu is an interesting option as far as invoicing tools go .
It is very effective and highly convenient .
It gives you a blend of professional options , yet it is colorful and fun .
It gives you a very useful set of functions , and you can ease your invoicing experience as much as possible .
It does n’t miss out on any aspect of billing , and you get incredible details .
There are currently three products by Billdu .
The first one is Billdu Online , where you can get any payment - regarding matter done immediately .
You can even have an accountant that uses your account , and manage everything .
Billdu Mobile lets you do the same thing , but from the comfort of your phone or tablet .
Billdu Page is the final option , and lets you turn your business into an online business in a matter of hours , and get a professional website with its own invoicing and billing capabilities .
This is a well - known option , which was primarily built for small business owners , as well as freelancers .
If you want the full functionality , which includes customer support as well as a few other things , you ’ll have to pay , but otherwise you ’ll be good with the free plan .
You can track your expenses , create business reports , create and send invoices and more .
What ’s specifically good about Wave is the fact that it does n’t set any limitations on its features .
What this means is that you can use it for as many customers or reports as you need , without worrying that you ’ll run out .
This is another simple tool that you ’ll enjoy learning and using .
Everything is done in the cloud , and you get unlimited invoices , unlimited items and taxes , with your own branding .
Converting an estimate into an invoice is a piece of cake , and you can also send that invoice in a variety of formats .
This is one for the professionals , as the invoices are simply beautiful and have a professional tone to them .
There is also the ability to include taxes , discounts , currencies etc .
There ’s a very simple dashboard that lets you have an overview of all invoices and their status , as well as filter them as you wish .
You can either send the invoices directly , or attach them to an e-mail as a PDF .
You also have a billing timer that runs in the background as you work , which can be very useful .
An ideal solution for both freelancers , and small businesses , you can manage everything from invoices and time to clients , payments and estimates .
You can customize your invoices with HTML and CSS , giving you a new level of control , and it has advanced functionalities such as recurring invoices and convenience cost .
Ronin is pretty flexible , meaning you can use it as a single person , or as a large company , and has a very wide suite of tools you have at your disposal .
Do you want to create your invoices in a matter of seconds ?
Do you want to manage everything in an environment that is safe and secure ?
Invoiceable gets you all that , as well as other functionalities such as a dashboard that lets you have a complete overview of everything , and charts for costs that are easy to read .
There ’s also a mobile app for the popular platforms , letting you send anything on the go .
The only limitation is that you get a “ Powered by Invoiceable ” at the bottom of each invoice , but that can be removed for a small fee if you want to .
If you want a dead - simple , free , online invoicing system that you can either host on your own server , or host on one of the recommended providers , Simple Invoices is your best bet .
You get multiple invoice types , export capabilities , as well as customizing wording on the invoices you ’re working on .
There is also PayPal support , as well as the option for recurring invoices .
Even though it is a fairly robust tool , you get plenty of functionality with Paymo .
There is online invoicing , as well as time tracking and complete project management .
There is also a mobile app for sending invoices and mobile tracking on the go .
Paymo is dead simple for both connecting it to your favorite payment gateway , as well as setting up recurring invoices .
There ’s support for PayPal , Google Checkout and Authorize.net .
Timetrack
Fast data entry , iCal synchronization , Excel importing and exporting , you name it , Timetrack has it .
Its main goal is to simplify management of time sheets and invoicing , and give you advanced functions such as multi-user support and role - based access control .
Freelancers and small businesses will love this tool .
There is also the option to create invoices based on time sheets , as well as customize your invoice template .
FusionInvoice
Even though its hosted online , FusionInvoice is a very powerful tool built mostly for small businesses and freelancers .
You can install it on your own server , as it is completely open source , and it has all the basic functionality .
There ’s even the ability for restricted guest accounts , for clients and accountants .
It simply lets you send a quote , get an approval , and convert to an invoice .
This is basically an all - in - one solution that gets you expense tracking , payments and invoicing functionality .
There are also options for entering expenses on the go , as well as storing receipts digitally .
You can customize invoices , pull project hours and simply put , stay on top of your business ’ financial health .
An intuitive software , you can issue bills and receipts , integrate PayPal , create charts etc. , all of which combined give you a very efficient invoicing system .
There is also the possibility of issuing a wide spectrum of documents , such as bills , advance payments , purchase orders , receipts etc .
As far as safety is concerned , you get a secure SSL protocol encryption , which ensures your invoices are safe .
If you ’re looking for a tool that lets you manage , create and send all invoices , as well as keep an overview of your inventory and products from one place , Invoice Journal is definitely the way to go .
There is plenty to be done with it , from customizing templates , to creating estimates and filtering everything .
You can choose from multiple languages , there ’s recurring invoices support , and you can import data from other applications as well .
IF you ’d rather keep things online , and have everything done in a fairly quick and dead simple manner , it does n’t get much better than Invoiceto .me .
It is a free online invoicing service that gives you an option to fill in your details , the recipient ’s details , and a custom message , and then either send it directly or save it as a PDF .
Powered by jQuery , the service is extremely effective in what it does .
Siwapp is another open - source alternative .
It ’s API , and the fact that it is built on Symfony , makes it possible for it to work as a module and connect itself to other business apps .
It is fairly simple in its functionality , letting you create , as well as manage invoices .
You can have different serial numbers , save drafts , download PDFs , and everything is done from a single dashboard .
How much simpler does it get ?
If you want to avoid any installations and keep things free and simple , this is an excellent option .
You simply fill in your details on one page , then proceed entering other details , and finish by downloading the whole invoice as a PDF .
Yes , it really is that simple , yet it gives you professional invoices in minutes .
If you want a professional invoice , yet a personal touch needs to be added , such as a business logo , go for Invoice Ninja .
You have a free plan if you ’d rather skip paying for this kind of service , and you can create four templates , as well as integrate over 30 payment gateways .
Previously CurdBee , there is a vast variety of features that you can choose from with Hiveage .
Aside from the basic functionality , you have elegant invoices with your own branding , and a range of payment options .
There ’s even the option of managing multiple teams though a single login .
It is free , but there is also a selection of paid plans for advanced functionality .
Top project management tools
Every project begins with a to - do list .
There are supplies and tools to buy , items or programs to put together , and tasks to be done .
Taken as a whole , it can be overwhelming , a list that only ever seems to grow , no matter how many items you cross off .
This can kill a personal project before it starts , or leave a professional a muddled mess .
But hope is not lost .
Break you project down into manageable pieces and surely what seemed impossible is entirely doable .
But how do you do that ?
Well , as if often the case these days , there is an app for that .
Many of them , in fact .
These project management tools can help you sort through your seemingly endless list of tasks .
Instead of a notebook full of scribbles , you can put your to - do list into digital format that helps you — and anyone you ’re working with — stay on track to complete your project .
These tools for project managers range from simple task management apps to complex collaboration software .
With so many options to help you out , how do you know what the best online project management software is for you ?
Just searching for project management software returns an overwhelming number of results , but we ’re here to help .
We ’ve taken a look at these apps and have come up with a list of some of the best project management software .
This is a diverse list , ranging from customizable project tools to core project management .
Each of them is different and all are preferred by someone , often for very different reasons , based upon how they approach their projects and the way they think .
With such an array of tools , we hope you can find the best project management software for you .
Every one of these apps will tout itself as the way to help you organize your to - do list .
Each of them is very different .
Some may work better for individuals while others are tailored towards team collaboration .
Some offer note - like boards , others contain lists , some combine both .
We ’ve focused on presenting the core idea of each project management app and a list of its key features .
Take a look and see what might work for you :
Hubstaff
Tasks simplifies project and task management for creative teams .
From the start of a project to its final phases , you can see everything that ’s going on within a task and plan out your next moves with precision .
The app ’s Kanban interface shows you where every project stands in relation to your workflow .
This way , you can identify roadblocks and keep tasks moving .
Click into a specific task , and you ’ll see all the relevant details , including a description , due date , comments , attachments , labels , and more .
Design teams can break projects into Agile sprints that ensure efficiency and seamless team collaboration .
This view also gives managers a way to assess workload and see which projects are at risk of missing a deadline .
Hubstaff Tasks has a free Basic plan that comes with all its features , 100 MB of storage and support for up to 5 users .
Its Premium supports more than 5 users , and costs as low as $ 4 / month per user .
ActiveCollab has recently been revamped in version 5.0 .
It offers time tracking , task management , and team collaboration features .
You can even import expenses , and the app offers invoicing features , one of its most useful tools .
You can track both expenses and payments .
Invoices and other payments can be made with PayPal within ActiveCollab .
Cloud plans with ActiveCollab begin at $ 25 a month .
You can also run a self - hosted version for your own server .
Asana unifies file storage , project management , and project collaboration .
You can manage a team without stuffing everyone ’s inboxes with a million emails .
Its simple layout is meant for relatively simple projects .
With this project tracking software , you can easily break your project into tasks and assign tasks to specific team members .
It also allows you to organize tasks for timelines and roadmaps and set notifications about project updates .
Another key feature is the ability to create project dashboards for quick overviews of where you ’re at and where you ’re going .
Avaza is very client - focused project tracking t software .
It is built around fitting into a client lifecycle .
It can assist you in project completion from submitting a quote to accepting payment and all the steps between .
Using this app , you can send and track detailed estimates to clients , which can then be converted into projects with a simple click of the mouse .
Tasks can be complied into to - do lists , which are then organized into sections that can be worked into your existing schedule .
Sections can be used to plan out an week at a time , as you can plan out the start of the day and its end .
Team and client questions get their own tab ( fittingly titled Questions ) , giving you a chance to maintain clear communications and make sure everything is on track with your clients ’ needs .
Avaza is designed as a one - stop - shop for client projects , offering more than just project management tools , but also invoicing tools , a Time & Expenses tab , and payment through PayPal or Stripe .
Basecamp has a very social media - like interface and is less structured than a lot of other apps , offering a more carefree collaboration environment .
Like social media sites , Basecamp offers desktop and / or email notification options .
There are options for in - app collaboration between team members and you can manage the workload of multiple users .
Message boards are also available for discussion and brainstorming opportunities .
As projects progress , the app also offers a reporting system for performance , and even the ability to create separate dashboards for client viewing .
Unlike some of these project management apps , Bitrix24 is free for unlimited users .
Storage is limited to 5GB a month , however , without paying ; the upgrade costs $ 39 a month .
It offers a really good alternative to DropBox for document sharing .
You can use Bitrix24 in the cloud , or choose to self - host on your company ’s own server .
It offers a diverse array of tools : layered task options , time tracking , time management , Gantt charts , and employee workload planning .
Group chat , instant messaging , and video teleconferences are all available communication methods .
Freedcamp is very customizable software .
Tasks can be organized in a to - do list of a Kanban board .
You can sort them from there into a calendar or into milestones , whichever suits you and your project better .
It ’s a tool built to provide for both short term and long term planning and can easily serve as a hub for your project .
You can keep discussions within projects , add an upgrade for invoicing tools , CRM , and upload files … for a few examples .
It ’s all kept in one app , too , making such a complex project management tool surprisingly simple to use .
GanttProject is open - source , offering free project management and scheduling tools .
It can generate ( somewhat obviously ) Gantt charts and PERT charts .
It can also create reports in both PDF and HTML formats , while offering a wide variety of versatile time management tools .
Open source software , as always , allows mangers to spot problem area so that teams and companies can set goals .
You can create a clear schedule for you project very easily , as well as create milestones and assign tasks .
Jira is a tool designed specifically for software development teams .
It offers the ability to track bugs and identify outstanding issues .
It can also show you how much time each task took , allowing you to better manage the workflow for your team .
Jira is another app that charges a kind of ‘ rent ’ to use , staring at $ 10 for ten users a month .
The makers of this tool , Atlassian , also offer a variety of other apps that a project manager might find useful , including HipChat ( team chat and file sharing ) and Confluence ( document collaboration ) .
These can be integrated with Jira , as all of them have been designed to work together smoothly .
MeisterTask offers a Kanban board setup , with bright colors for your lists and wallpapers to make projects look fun and social .
It is one of the newer project management tools on the net .
MeisterTask will alert users when tasks are dragged to new lists .
Just moving tasks around will reset due dates and send out emails .
The dashboard will display all the tasks you need to do in one easy format .
Boards can be rearranged in a variety of ways .
The important features are all there , including — but not limited to — issue tracking , time tracking , and both internal and external user collaboration .
There is no storage or user limit .
Conversations are easy to initiate and participate in , with instant updates .
In social media fashion , you can like and comment on tasks .
This tool really shines for those who brainstorm with mind maps , as MeisterTask is fully integrated with MindMeister .
Mind maps designed there can be dragged into MeisterTask to be turned into a , well , task , helping your project take form from your initial vision .
As newer , friendlier , socially focused app , MeisterTask offers apps for Apple .
It also gives users the ability to do two integrations with the likes of Zendesk , Google Drive , Dropbox , and Git Hub .
Orangescrum is software focused on providing project management tools for IT teams .
It is totally customizable , and anyone with tech skills can turn it into what they need and then some .
Whatever form of project organization you want —
Gantt , Kanban , timelines , etc. — are available .
It can be hosted on - site for free , but the better supported cloud version starts at $ 9 a month .
The free version can be integrated with DropBox and Google Drive .
Podio
Podio is totally customizable to your project and management style .
Fields can be dragged and dropped where you want them .
You can view your tasks as cards , calendars , or lists .
It also offers a built - in search function to find items , particularly helpful for large complex projects .
Like many of the other apps already mentioned , Podio has a social aspect as well .
You can post updates , chat with your team , or ask questions .
It offers you a place to focus all the elements of your project ’s task tracking in one area , ensuring nothing gets confusing or out of hand .
Producteev is a large scale project management tool .
Designed to keep confusion to a minimum in large organizations , it offers ‘ Networks ’ as way of organizing projects by team , product , department , or anything else under the sun .
This makes sure that people are n’t being overwhelmed in updates that are n’t relevant to them .
From these Networks , you can add people , tasks , and projects , much like other tools , then add due dates and labels .
Producteev is designed around filters and can be a great way to make sure multiple groups in the same company stay on task .
Scoro is a tool with a lot to offer .
It has a KPI dashboard updated in real - time , and you can help keep your team on the same page with shared calendars .
Scoro also has a time - tracking tool for team members .
You can have it create progress and finance reports , and it also provides pre-set templates for invoicing and quoting .
Scoro is designed for streamlining your project management , and its features are designed with that in mind .
Taiga.io
Taiga.io is another piece of open source project management software designed for software developers .
Very customizable , Taiga .io features a built - in wiki for your project and tools for video - teleconferencing .
It is free for unlimited public projects and one private project with four collaborators .
Teamwork Projects keeps everything for your project in one place , including tasks , files , and conversations with your team members .
It offers Gantt chart and calendar creation , as well as setup reporting .
It can support integration with DropBox , Box.com , and Google Drive , as well as a number of accounting and customer service apps .
This is another paid tool , with plans starting at $ 12 a month for unlimited users .
Trello is all about Kanban boards .
Tasks are put on cards which can be organized into any number of lists and moved between them .
Lists can be named and organized however you please , from a ‘ to - do ’ and ‘ complete ’ set up , to different elements of your project .
Users can comment on tasks , as well as tag or assign others in them .
Every update will appear in the notifications menu .
The site offers power - up options to support different tools , such as viewing tasks on a calendar , voting options , and automatically filtering out older tasks .
It is a very versatile project management tool that can be used for both personal and work tasks , alone or on a team .
Wrike is a good option for small teams .
Privacy settings are customizable on projects .
Users can interact with a real - time activity stream .
It also can be integrated with many , many different services and software .
Wrike is free for up to five users and offers 2 GB of storage .
It ’s very easy to learn , taking maybe an hour for most users .
Conclusion on invoicing and project management tools
Finding the best project management tool for you will ease your workload and help your team achieve your goals , whether professionally or personally .
There are a lot of options out there , and make sure you choose the right one for your needs and skills .
Even though you might think that working as a freelancer , or even starting a small business is stressful , having an invoice tool such as the ones above can ease up much of the struggles .
You can create professional invoices , get paid in a number of ways and through various gateways , and collaborate with teams .
All of these things will make running your business much easier .
Recently , G4 held a Star Wars themed charity car wash for the Make - A - Wish foundation .
In true G4 fashion , they hired a bunch of LA Models to dress as sexy slave Leias and Playboy playmate , Sarah Jean Underwood ( go ahead .
Google her. ) , as a young Padme with blaster and midriff .
To make sure that cars kept moving along and the slaves kept doing their jobs , the 501st showed up in full gear .
[ blip.tv ?posts_id=3695473&dest=-1 ]
Check out more videos and photos from the event , past the break .
[ blip.tv ?posts_id=3695446&dest=-1 ]
[ blip.tv ?posts_id=3695453&dest=-1 ]
[ blip.tv ?posts_id=3695468&dest=-1 ]
[ via SWTORStrategies ]
On his blog , Wladimir Palant complains about Google providing browser users with a not effective enough way to opt - out from Google Analytics .
Specifically , he does n't like how the Google Analytics Opt- out Browser Add - on actually allows Google Analytics scripts to load and run , just setting a global variable (
_gaUserPrefs
) in the hosting page which tells the code not to send back data .
This approach is inherently flawed , because the hosting page can easily force Google Analytics to run by simply overwriting the aforementioned
_gaUserPrefs
variable .
Worse , the
_gaUserPrefs
variable is automatically added to every single page you load .
Hence , the fact itself you 're using this " opt- out " add - on can be easily detected if you keep JavaScript enabled , adding some extra points to your unanonymity score .
Something like
if (!!_gaUserPrefs ) alert ( " You hate Google Analytics , do n't you ? " )
can make a nice test to update the Panopticlick suite with , singling out privacy concerned persons .
However , the original sin is that the Google Analytics ' script still being downloaded and executed , and if you find this questionable from a security / privacy perspective , then the Google 's Analytics Opt - Out Browser Add - on serves no purpose .
Wladimir 's post initially advertised his own extension as a better solution , but later he had to retract :
Still , until Google can come up with something better I recommend people to use Adblock Plus with EasyPrivacy filter subscription , thatâ€™s the easy and reliable solution ( check the update below ) .
Update : Sorry , that last part wasnâ€™t entirely correct â€ ” EasyPrivacy doesnâ€™t block Google Analytics script either , due to many websites being broken without it as mentioned above .
True , if you block Google Analytics ' script by using a proxy , a firewall , a host file or Adblock Plus with an ad - hoc filter , many sites are going to break because they depend on JavaScript objects provided by Google Analytics .
They integrate GA calls within essential functionality , such as link and button event handlers or even initialization routines , and they fail more or less dramatically when the script is missing .
Sad , silly but true .
This is no news ( and no problem ) at all for NoScript users , though : in fact , almost one year and half ago , this very issue prompted the development of NoScript 's Script Surrogates feature , which prevents the breakage by " emulating " the blocked script with dummy replacements .
This means that NoScript users have Google Analytics blocked by default , with no site - breaking side effects .
So , until Google can come up with something better I recommend people to use the reliable and easy solution ;)
All mixes linked to on this site are created for entertainment , and as demonstration of mixing and production techniques only .
The copyright for the individual tracks used remains with the artist .
If you like the mixes , created by DJ's all over the world for fun , please buy the original songs and support the original artists .
If you are a representative of either the artist or the publishing company and would like the tracks removed , please contact me directly and I will take the tracks offline .
Better still , if you are a representative of the artist and like what the DJ's have done here , contact me directly and offer us some proper remix work .
For Whom the Wind Blows
Sometimes it seems Denmark ’s primary goal in life is to make the U.S. feel environmentally inferior .?
I could offer a thousand examples of Americans worshiping at Denmark ’s much - touted altar of energy enlightenment .
But President Obama expressed it best on Earth Day , 2009 , when he said , “ Today , America produces less than 3 percent of our electric through renewable sources like wind and solar - less than 3 percent .
Now , in comparison , Denmark produces almost 20 percent of their electricity through wind and power . ”
Shame on us !
In his most recent book , Power Hungry : The Myths of “ Green ” Energy and the Real Fuels of the Future , Robert Bryce tells us to get over it .
A senior fellow at the Manhattan Institute , Bryce deploys his calculator to question the numerical logic of wind power .
While advocates of renewables will surely take issue with the buttons he ’s pressed ( they already have ) , Bryce - whose book is a sustained attack on our irrational infatuation with wind and solar power - dedicates an instructive chapter to Denmark ’s status as the world ’s leading light on wind energy .
The point most lauded by pro-wind pundits ( Bryce picks on The Atlantic ‘s Joshua Green and the Times ‘s ? Tom Friedman ) is that Denmark ’s famous transition to wind - it now accounts for 13.4 percent of all the electricity generated in the country ( not 20 percent ) - has helped the country stop importing oil .
The general implication behind this impressive statistic is that Denmark , by harnessing wind , has taken a profoundly significant step toward reaching the same Holy Grail that we ’re told over and over again must be sought here at home : energy independence .
Bryce ( who , by the way , writes with a nice dash of attitude - “ all of the wind power and happiness in Denmark makes me want to fly to Copenhagen for a cup of coffee and a hug ” ) swiftly debunks any suggestion that Denmark is moving closer to energy independence .?
First , while it ’s quite true that Denmark no longer imports oil , it ’s not because of wind .
Instead , it ’s because - sensitive topic here - it has pursued an active offshore drilling program .
In fact , Denmark is an exporter of oil due to its aggressive exploration of the North Sea .
But more importantly , while Denmark is indeed off the oil - import habit , it now imports all its coal , and as wind power increases these coal imports “ show little sign of declining . ”
The reason for this continued reliance on coal is simple : wind , being wind , is n’t always blowing .
What this means for Denmark - which is heavily reliant on coal - is that demand for coal literally shifts with it .
Sometimes the wind is blowing when you need it ; then you use it .
Sometimes it is not blowing when you need it ; then you use another energy source - again , in Denmark ’s case , coal .
Sometimes it blows when you do n’t need it ; then you export it - as Denmark often does .??
As is the case everywhere , the failure of wind to meet energy needs precisely when they arise means that it must always be buttressed by conventional sources of generation –sometimes coal , sometimes natural gas .?
Either way , the upshot is the same : the consumer gets hosed .
It should be noted , in all fairness to Denmark , that its citizens have done something the U.S. seems unwilling to do : they ’ve kept energy demand flat .
Today , Denmark uses the same amount of per capita energy as it did in 1981 .
Remarkable .
But this accomplishment should not obscure what has happened in Denmark since the country turned to massive investments in wind power .
The Danes are more dependent on oil than ever - even if it is their own .?
In fact , they get 51 percent of their primary energy from oil , compared to 40 percent in the United States .
Same with coal - they are also more reliant on coal as a primary energy source than the United States ( 26 versus 24 percent ) .
Greenhouse gas emissions have actually increased ( by 2.1 percent ) as the use of wind energy has doubled .
?
These figures rarely make it into all the “ energy happy talk ” about Denmark .
The story of Denmark is one to heed as we prepare to dive headlong into alternatives .
Bryce douses the green energy movement with a cold shower of facts and figures , ones that collectively remind us that a transition to wind and solar power would take decades , that it would be astronomically expensive , that it would make the U.S. reliant on China for turbines , and that it would lead to “ energy sprawl . ”
For all the intuitive appeal of renewable energy , Power Hungry makes a convincing case that decarbonizing the world ’s primary energy use will mean letting the sun shine and the wind blow while embracing natural gas as a bridge to nuclear energy .
Then , and only then , might it be time for Denmark to envy the United States .
Pourquoi nous ?
Une équipe de 30 ans d’expérience .
L’univers du transport n’a plus de secret pour nous !
HOMOSASSA , Fla. , May 27 ( UPI ) -- A Florida mother said she was shocked when her 8 - year - old daughter was mistakenly given a pornographic DVD by a teacher instead of a DVD full of school photos .
Dana Hill said her daughter , a student at Rock Crusher Elementary School in Homosassa , brought the DVD home after the discs of pictures from the school year were distributed to the class and sat down with her 12 - year - old brother to view its contents , Bay News 9 , a St. Petersburg , Fla. , based cable news channel , reported Thursday .
Advertisement
However , Hill said the children quickly noticed something was wrong when a pornographic film started playing .
Citrus County sheriff 's officials said the pornographic DVD was accidentally mixed in with the picture DVDs and they are not currently planning to pursue any criminal charges .
School officials said they are still weighing disciplinary action .
Hill said she is awaiting an apology .
" I have had no approach from the teacher -- regardless if it's through the school board or through the school -- with an apology .
She has made no approach at all , " Hill said .
Its for a good cause !
Proceeds from the Glass City Beer Festival support the programs and services of the NWO Hemophilia Foundation , which is a non-profit organization .
The NWO Hemophilia Foundation serves those affected by bleeding disorders by providing education , advocacy , and direct support .
These services are not readily available from other community resources , so we greatly thank you for participating in the city ’s longest - running craft beer festival .
We are 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) Charitable Organization .
From the description in Rick Prelinger 's Field Guide to Sponsored Films : Popular scientific film directed by Frank Capra that launched the Bell System Science series .
Combining animation and live action , Our Mr. Sun uses a scientist - writer team to present information about the sun and its importance to humankind .
NOTE : Produced in Technicolor , the film was originally telecast in 1956 and 1957 to 9 million homes ; some 600 16 mm prints were distributed to schools and community organizations through the Bell Telephone System film libraries .
plus -circle Add Review
comment Reviews
Reviewer : NYChivist - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - September 4 , 2010
Subject : A wonderfully dated animation from the jazz era of Bell Labs I personally remember these old films as magic from my misspent youth as a kindergärtner .
I thought Eddie Arnold was hokey then as I do today .
He needs Zsa Zsa to keep him in check .
Father Time as a ' railroad earth hobo ' kinda worked for me .
It comes from a simpler time in our American history & more of the modern lifeforms might not ' grok ' the reference and , therefore , regard him as a square or in modern tongue : ' a douche ' .
The Sun is portrayed as a Leo personality which is totally realistic .
I dig the Sun 's jazzy phraseology , daddy - o .
This is a very warm ( npi ) science flick aimed towards an audience of youth , hepsters , & the general populus of the 1950's .
I give it five novas .
- September 4 , 2010A wonderfully dated animation from the jazz era of Bell Labs
Reviewer : LeGrande - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - August 17 , 2010
Subject : Barrymore lends his voice to Father Time .
While the film is over 50 years old , most of the information is still very relevant and accurate .
The cartoon features about thermonuclear reactions , chlorophyll production , and silicon - solar - cell derived electricity are excellent review for anyone young or old .
It gets preachy at the end , but in 1950s Cold - War America , many attempts were made to show that one big difference between us and the Soviet Union was our religious beliefs and their lack of religion .
It was during this time in US History that the words " Under God " were added to the Pledge of Allegiance .
So I understand the quote from Psalms and the admonition of the Scientist to pray as part of the political climate of the time .
An excellent film , worth watching over and over .
Previously , I had thought that the man playing opposite Albert was Barrymore .
I was wrong .
Barrymore did the voice for Father Time .
- August 17 , 2010 Barrymore lends his voice to Father Time .
Reviewer : copperbird49 - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - March 18 , 2010
Subject : My earliest memories ....
I remember this film being shown at school when I was seven or eight years old .
I loved this " scientist " , as we called them back then , and it was as interesting and informative now , as then .
I watched this man in many of these informative Bell productions and he is the source of many and much of my early learning of science and I always loved each and every one of them .
I thank the archive and the sources of all of these wonderful memories of our film heritage .
Wonderful !!! - March 18 , 2010
My earliest memories ....
Reviewer : ajhil - favorite favorite - February 26 , 2010
Subject : A dimmer sun this time .
The magical aura that has surrounded my memory of this film for half a century did n't survive a second viewing .
Eddie Albert is as corny as ever , Frank Baxter is drolly charming , also as usual ; but neither are to blame for the way the film drags along .
The dreadful animation is responsible for that .
This was the era in which Hanna , Barbera , and other post modernists eschewed the technical and artistic heights to which cartooning had ascended , introducing a childish primitivism that eventually infected the entire industry .
Obviously that included the Bell Telephone series .
The animated segments are visually repulsive and boring and they drag down the entire production .
Add to that the shockingly inappropriate ( even for that time ) religious promotion of the last five minutes and the result is a vast disappointment .
I wish I had n't seen it again !
My memories were far better !
- February 26 , 2010A dimmer sun this time .
Reviewer : clearwoodlouis - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - March 7 , 2009
Subject : Thanks , Mr. Sun
It was like walking down memory lane to watch this film , which I may have seen in my grade school science class .
I appreciated the religious content toward the end , but I guess it would not be a hit in our general educational climate of seperation of church and state .
These films are entertaining and instructive .
- March 7 , 2009
Thanks , Mr. Sun
Reviewer : MensaProfEngr - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - May 29 , 2008
Subject : Fantastic Scientific Investigation , Proving the Sun's Awesome Power Everyone watching this factual account , albeit earlier science , must attest to the awesome power of the sun , and it 's changing effects on our meager planet .
To this awesome powerhouse , humans are one insignificant effect .
Due to the Sun , our planet has frozen and fried .
We 're just somewhere in the middle at present .
- May 29 , 2008 Fantastic Scientific Investigation , Proving the Sun's Awesome Power
By Jeremy Bowen
BBC Middle East Editor
Mr Miliband took the decision after an investigation by British Police Britain 's foreign secretary David Miliband has taken the decision to expel an Israeli diplomat after the UK 's serious organised crime agency turned up evidence that Israel cloned British passports .
The Israeli diplomat is not the ambassador himself , but the expulsion sends a very strong signal to Israel of Britain 's disapproval and anger .
The indications are that the person who will go will be the head of the London station of Mossad - Israel 's secret intelligence service .
Diplomatic sources say Britain does not have evidence that Mossad murdered senior Hamas official Mahmoud al - Mabhouh in Dubai .
However , the accusation was made by police in the United Arab Emirates .
They presented CCTV footage showing an alleged Israeli hit squad , some disguised with wigs and others wearing tennis gear , following Mr al - Mabhouh in the hours before he was killed .
Britain 's relations with Israel have been difficult for some time .
Mr Mabhouh was murdered in a Dubai hotel room , police say Israel resents Britain 's support for greater clarity in the labelling of products from Jewish settlements in the occupied Palestinian territories .
And late last year the former Israeli foreign minister , Tzipi Livni - now Israel 's opposition leader - was forced to cancel a trip to Britain at short notice after a warrant was issued for her arrest on war crimes charges .
Worldwide , Israel is now under all - round diplomatic pressure from its allies .
The Americans , with the support of Britain among others , are pushing Israel to stop building for Jews on occupied land in Jerusalem , on the grounds that it makes negotiating peace with the Palestinians next to impossible .
Past attempts
If Israel is implicated in the murder of Mr al - Mabhouh , it wo n't be the first time .
During his first term as prime minister in 1997 , Israel 's prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu ordered the poisoning of another Hamas official , Khaled Meshaal in Jordan .
However the attempt was bungled after Mr Meshaal 's bodyguard captured two of the Mossad hit team .
Mr Netanyahu was forced by a furious King Hussein to send the formula for the antidote to Jordan .
Mr Netanyahu also had to offer to release the Hamas leader Sheikh Ahmed Yassin to Jordan to mollify the King , who had recently signed a peace treaty with Israel .
Sheikh Yassin was a thorn in Israel 's side until he was killed in an air strike in Gaza in 2004 .
Mr Meshaal survived and is now the leading political figure in Hamas , living in exile in Damascus .
The attempt to kill him was one factor that led to the Israeli public turning against Mr Netanyahu in elections in 1999 .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
High Times recently reported that New York City recorded , in 2009 , the second highest number of marijuana arrests on record .
The police arrested over 46,000 people – that ’s right , 46,000 – for public possession of marijuana .
That ’s 46,000 people bogging down the judicial system , trudging through city precincts , and otherwise diverting the police from more pressing duties .
I find this ludicrous and asinine .
New York City is now the marijuana arrest capital of the world .
I can think of few acts as harmless as smoking a joint , even in a public park , and I find it hard to believe that a New York police officer feels a pressing need to arrest a public pot smoker rather than patrol the city ’s streets .
These are bad arrests – they are for minor and harmless infractions that require paperwork , processing and police time .
And they cost taxpayers a whopping $ 50 to $ 90 million .
What is the point of putting 46,000 stoned people in jail ?
To teach them that marijuana is ( allegedly ) a gateway drug ?
How utterly absurd .
This policy constitutes nothing short of a shameful and egregious waste of public money , a backwards policy , and an inexcusable lapse of competent government .
Marijuana use is the most promising source of new government revenue in today ’s battered and stressed economy .
It stands to fill public coffers and plug gaping budget holes , unburden our judicial system , and give cops something better to do .
As governor , I will call for the legalized regulation and taxation of marijuana use .
A stunning majority of pot smokers are responsible citizens who will gladly pay a tax to enjoy their ganja .
Marijuana use poses no public health risk ; in fact it poses public health benefits .
Most important , we desperately need the tax revenue because we have run out of things to tax .
Therefore , it is high time to end the exploitation of marijuana users and institute a responsible public policy of regulation and taxation .
Kristin Davis is a Libertarian candidate for Governor of New York .
The Daily Caller interviewed her here .
A network of individuals , independent and alternative media activists and organisations , offering grassroots , non-corporate , non-commercial coverage of important social and political issues .
French media caught red-handed : Honduras coup protest photo presented as Iranian The German daily Junge Welt reported that the French public national television channel " France 2 " has diffused an image of a protest in Honduras against the June 2009 military coup and portrayed it as young Iranians resisting security forces during the Ashura day protests in Tehran .
This abuse of images was observed by the French website " Arret Sur Images " . [ 2 ]
Further , while France 2 apologized [ 3 ] for this " mistake " , Le Parisien , a French daily which also published this image on Monday , tried to blame it on the Associated Press , the originator of the image .
The Associated Press in return defended that they published this image already on June 29 and that it was also printed in Le Figaro and in The Independent in the beginning of July .
As the author of the Junge Welt amplifies , this practice reminds on the behaviour of German media in summer 2008 , when the mainstream news ( ZDF , RTL , Bild , N24 ) used images [ 4 ] from Nepal and India to illustrate Chinese police violence in Tibet .
__________________
Notes :
[ 1 ]
http://www.jungewelt.de/2009/12-31/045.php?sstr=iran
[ 2 ]
http://www.arretsurimages.net/dossier.php?id=156
[ 3 ]
http://teleobs.nouvelobs.com/rubriques/vite-vu/articles/image-honduras-iran-pujadas-presente-des-excuses?idfx=RSS_notr&xtor=RSS-17
[ 4 ]
http://www.stefan-niggemeier.de/blog/ein-nepal-fuer-ein-tibet-vormachen/
__________________
The German daily Junge Welt reported [ 1 ] that the French public national television channel " France 2 " has diffused an image of a protest in Honduras against the June 2009 military coup and portrayed it as young Iranians resisting security forces during the Ashura day protests in Tehran .
This abuse of images was observed by the French website " Arret Sur Images " . [ 2 ]
Further , while France 2 apologized [ 3 ] for this " mistake " , Le Parisien , a French daily which also published this image on Monday , tried to blame it on the Associated Press , the originator of the image .
The Associated Press in return defended that they published this image already on June 29 and that it was also printed in Le Figaro and in The Independent in the beginning of July .
As the author of the Junge Welt amplifies , this practice reminds on the behaviour of German media in summer 2008 , when the mainstream news ( ZDF , RTL , Bild , N24 ) used images [ 4 ] from Nepal and India to illustrate Chinese police violence in Tibet.__________________Notes :[ 1] [ 2][ 3][4]__________________
disinfo alert
The iPad is out , and the staff has been locked in the bowels of the Orbiting HQ until our review is finished .
In the meantime , folks are already digging into configuration files hidden deep inside the iPad - only 3.2 version of iPhone OS and turning up references to Apple 's next - generation mobile hardware .
Now included in the growing collection of hardware supported in USBDeviceConfiguration .
plist are two new fourth - generation iPhone models , iPhone3,2 and iPhone3,3 .
These are in addition to the iPhone3,1 model that was previously referenced , and suggests that Apple plans to have multiple versions of fourth - gen hardware .
This may be another clue that Apple will make a CDMA - compatible model that rumors have long indicated is destined for Verizon 's network .
A third hardware item could suggest a WiMAX - compatible model , which could be offered on Sprint 's network .
Most bets are hedged on the expectation that Apple will wait for LTE to be rolled out before building a 4G compatible iPhone .
Alternately , it could be the other long - rumored iPhone variant , the " iPhone nano . "
Of course , it could be something that no one has even guessed at yet .
( A quick note for those not familiar with Apple 's naming pattern : Apple uses a ProductNameX , Y pattern for product IDs .
The first number , X , is the main product revision , while Y is a minor variant .
While the iPhone 3G is considered the second - generation iPhone hardware , Apple labeled it iPhone1,2 since most of the changes were minor compared to the original iPhone .
The iPhone 3GS , the 3rd - gen iPhone hardware , has a product ID of iPhone2,1 . )
Also in the list is iPod4,1 , the first reference we 've seen to fourth - gen iPod touch hardware .
That would most likely be revealed in the fall — the typical iPod launch window — after the fourth - gen iPhone hardware is released in the summer .
Finally , the updated list includes iProd2,1 .
References to iProd0,0 turned up in late 2008 , and it was suspected to be a prototype Apple tablet .
i Phone OS 3.1 revealed a reference to iProd1,1 , and that was later confirmed to be the iPad .
So iProd2,1 is most likely the next major iPad hardware revision .
When that hardware is ready for release is anyone 's guess — we would n't bet on it happening before 2011 — though we are n't really surprised that Apple is already working on it .
Human rights are getting flushed down the toilet over and over again .
Literally .
In an attempt to draw attention to the practices of former Bush adviser John Yoo , an activist at the University of California Berkeley School of Law installed toilet paper printed with the United Nations Convention Against Torture in bathrooms across campus Wednesday .
Aiming to draw attention to Yoo ’s support of so called Bush “ torture ” memos , the paper suggests to users that they ’re party to flushing human rights down the toilet .
Yoo became a professor at Berkeley following his stint in the Bush Administration .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ The regular toilet paper at UC Berkeley was replaced with our Yoo Toilet Paper brand , ” activist Matt Cornell wrote on his web site , yootoiletpaper.com .
“ This irreverent act of protest was meant to draw attention to the ongoing consequences , of the torture memos . ”
In a press release , Cornell wrote : “ Each roll of toilet paper contains text from the United Nations Convention Against Torture , just one of the many laws that critics say Yoo violated when authorizing the use of torture against detainees . ”
He added , “ Cornell says that the irreverent prank is intended to remind Berkeley ’s law students that Professor Yoo helped turned human rights laws into toilet paper . ”
In interviews , Yoo has defended authoring memos which allowed the Bush Administration to practice “ enhanced interrogation , ” which critics decry as torture .
“ We had to fight effectively a new type of war where intelligence was going to be a primary factor in deciding who wins , ” he recently told US News .
“ Our government had to deal with the fact that getting information out of al Qaeda members was going to be the thing that decided if we were able to win the conflict .
I do n’t regret the answers we had to give .
I would give pretty much the same answers now . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Artist Matt Cornell created toilet paper “ made possible ” by John Yoo .
This video is from YouTube , uploaded April 20 , 2010 .
KAPOLEI , Hawaii —
At first glance , it does not look much like garbage .
More than 20,000 tons of it have been shrink - wrapped into green bales that are neatly stacked , ready to ship about 2,300 miles across the Pacific to the mainland as an another export — “ opala , ” as garbage is called in Hawaiian .
But the trash ’s passage has been delayed again and again since it first began piling up here in the tropical heat last September .
Now , when the wind changes , it offers a pungent reminder of how Oahu ’s latest plan to dispose of some of its trash has gone awry .
For a 44 - mile - long volcanic island in the middle of the Pacific Ocean , in one of the few parts of the United States where Interstate highways do not actually go between states , the options for getting rid of garbage are limited .
That is how officials here hit upon the idea of shipping some of their garbage to the mainland , at least temporarily .
But what was supposed to be a quick fix has turned into a long - running problem after the company that was hired to ship the trash failed to get necessary permits from the federal government .
I ’m still trying to find a chance to inflict my flailing imagination on some poor sap by acting as storyteller in the two - player freeform adventure game Sleep Is Death , but I know that when I do I ’ll be spoiled for choice for art assets .
( Do games have art in them ?
“ Yes . ” )
The recently released version 1.4 is complemented by an incredible amount of player - made content for you to steal , you light - fingered wee blighter .
Some of it goes way above and beyond what we ever thought the game was capable of .
Pretties !
Pictured above is a scene from a story by former Maxis man Shannon Galvin , an artist on Spore and lead artist on Jonathon ‘ Braid ’ Blow ’s upcoming The Witness .
He ’s absolutely gone to town , pouring an incredible amount of effort and detail into the game ’s pixelly editor .
If you thought SiD by necessity looked like a C64 game , think again – and read the charming , weird and beautiful tale Galvin played with SiD ’s creator Jason Rohrer .
SiD games can read so well after the event , like tiny , mysterious comics from another world .
You can download all the assets for your own games by accessing the private download page you ’ll have if you bought SiD .
There are currently three other packs lurking there too , which I ’ll investigate in due course .
You can read the stories they fuelled here .
Then there ’s the fan portal sidtube.com , which aims to become an epic repository for SiD resources , stories and finding people to play with / against .
If you ’re thinking of making your own SiD story , you ’re bound to find a head - start there .
If you do n’t own SiD yet , remember that buying it snags you two copies , so you can unquestionably play with a friend .
Or wife / husband / cat / alternative psychotic personality / whatever .
What about you lot ?
How ’s it going ?
Any fine SiD tales you ’d like to share with the rest of us ?
" RIP Guru , " wrote Kendra Wilkinson .
" R.I.P. Guru .
1 of the most distinctive voices ever in hip - hop .
He made up 1 / 2 of the greatest rap duo of all time & was far too young to go , " tweeted music producer Mark Ronson .
" FOR GURU !!
' I loved my friend
He went away from me , nothing more to say The poem ends , Soft as it began - I loved my friend . '
Langston Hughes , " offered rapper Heavy D .
Guru broke into the music biz in the 1980s with the launch of Gang Starr , which found instant success with its acclaimed 1989 debut , No More Mr. Nice Guy , and the 1991 classic Step In the Arena .
In 1993 Guru struck out on his own with his pioneering Jazzmatazz Vol. 1 , a project that fused jazz and rap and featured some wild collaborations between hip - hop artists and jazz legends , including Donald Byrd , Branford Marsalis and Ronny Jordan .
Three more volumes followed , featuring appearances by Jamiroquai , Erykah Badu , Macy Gray , the Roots and Isaac Hayes .
Gang Starr , meanwhile , continued to lord over the underground hip - hop scene in New York and refine the genre of jazz - rap throughout the '90s until the release of the 2003 album The Ownerz , which proved to be the group 's last .
Knowing his time was short , Guru penned a farewell to fans , paying tribute to Solar , his legacy in Gang Starr and Jazzmatazz , as well as his family , especially son KC , whom he called " the love of my life . "
" I write this with tears in my eyes , not of sorrow but of joy for what a wonderful life I have enjoyed and how many great people I have had the pleasure of meeting .
" The work I have done with Solar represents a legacy far beyond its time and is my most creative and experimental to date .
I hope that our music will receive the attention it deserves as it is some of the best work I have done and represents some of the best years of my life . "
The debate was less rigid than the main prime ministerial debates Senior Scottish figures from the main political parties have clashed on the economy in a live television debate .
SNP leader Alex Salmond and Scottish Secretary Jim Murphy went head - to - head on issues such as jobs , banking and the future of public spending .
The Tory and Lib Dem Scottish affairs spokesmen , David Mundell and Alistair Carmichael , also took part in the event , hosted by Sky TV .
Tax and civil liberties also featured in the 90 - minute programme .
The debate , at The Hub in Edinburgh , was staged on the day it emerged the SNP is trying to raise £ 50,000 to proceed with legal action over the prime ministerial debate on BBC 1 on Thursday .
The party wants an SNP politician included " for balance " .
Mr Salmond , the Scottish first minister , used Sunday 's event in the capital to blame the three " London parties " for looming public spending cuts on Scotland .
' At crossroads '
Urging voters to elect local and national SNP " champions " on 6 May , he said : " The issue as this campaign reaches its climax is trying to provide an alternative to that miserable spectre of the London - based parties .
" I think that alternative is to , yes have government efficiencies and junk the things that do n't matter , but to get the economy growing . "
Mr Murphy presented the election as a clear choice between Gordon Brown or David Cameron as prime minister , and backed the creation of high - tech jobs for Scotland and a fair reduction of the deficit .
" We 're at a crossroads , " he said , adding : " We can either continue away from this recession with Labour or we can go back to the old divisions of the 1980s of the Tory party - 15 % interest rates , mass unemployment - and who can ever forget the poll tax in Scotland . "
But Mr Mundell accused the Scottish secretary of living and fighting " the battles of the past " and said the Tories had the right policies to support economic recovery .
He went on : " This election is about the future .
It 's about whether we have five more years of the same with Labour , or we have change which only the Conservatives can deliver . "
Audience reaction Mr Carmichael argued Labour and the Conservatives no longer had the election " all sewn up " , as he said they had done in the past .
Appealing to disgruntled Labour voters , he said : " After 13 years , Labour has let Scotland down .
" They allowed the banks to trash our economy , they 've eroded our freedoms and they sent our troops , and some to die , in an illegal war in Iraq .
" They 've let you down and they take Scotland for granted . "
The rules for the Scottish TV debate , hosted by Sky political editor Adam Boulton , were less rigid than those agreed for the main prime ministerial debates , with the four participants allowed to freely debate with each other .
Responding to questions from the audience on benefits , the parties said they wanted to help people on benefits back to work .
The banking crisis was one of the issues discussed Mr Mundell hit out : " Jim Murphy and the Labour Party have had 13 years to deal with this issue .
Now Jim is coming forward 13 years later to say he 's going to make work pay - why did n't you do it in the last 13 years ?
The Scottish secretary , who said Labour wanted to make people £ 2,000 better off by helping them back to work , responded to Mr Mundell : " We introduced a national minimum wage - your party fought it tooth and nail and said it would cost a million jobs .
" We introduced tax credits many of which you are now determined to restrict . "
Mr Salmond weighed in , telling Mr Mundell : " It 's not just Jim who 's had 13 yeas in government - you 've had 17 years in government before that .
" There have been decades of failure of majority Tory government and majority Labour government . "
Mr Carmichael , whose party want to make the first £ 10,000 of earnings tax - free , said the benefits system was now so complicated that people did not know what they were due to get .
" They 're given money that they claim and they take in good faith and then they 're told its been overpaid and they 're ending up with something as little as £ 10 - £ 20 a week to feed a family , " he said .
Financial sector Later in the debate , Mr Murphy hit out at Mr Salmond , a former MP , for failing to vote in the minimum wage at Westminster , after saying he had always supported it .
Mr Murphy told him : " We sat up all night that night - the Conservatives opposed it and you went to your bed .
He added : " Alex - you slept for Scotland . "
Mr Salmond replied that it was not always possible to take part in every Commons vote .
On the banking crisis , Mr Murphy warned institutions such as the Royal Bank of Scotland , bailed out by the UK government , and HBOS , whose takeover was backed by the UK chancellor , may not have survived in an independent Scotland .
Referring to previous comments by the SNP , he said : " All this talk about Iceland and Ireland and ' arcs of prosperity ' - we do n't hear very much about it any more . "
Mr Mundell said : " If this debate had been taking place 18 months ago , Alex Salmond would have been telling us Scotland should be joining that arc of prosperity , which is now and arc of insolvency . "
Bank control Recalling Mr Salmond 's previous comments that HBOS had been taken down by " spivs and speculators " , he added : " It was quite clear that its economic model was entirely wrong - you can't run an economy on soundbites . "
Mr Salmond sought to put blame for the banking crisis on the UK government , which controls the financial sector .
And he said the US government was publishing e-mails from investment house Goldman Sachs which showed it was deliberately " bringing down " its own funds , which cost institutions like RBS hundreds of millions of pounds .
The first minister asked : " If that action to actually destroy a financial institution to make a profit is not an example of spivs and speculators , then what on earth is ? "
Mr Carmichael said he was " enormously frustrated " there was no proper control of the banks , saying they had to start lending to businesses again , adding that the country should never again be " held ransom by casino bankers " .
Iraq war
On the Iraq war , Mr Carmichael accused former prime minister accused Tony Blair of systemically undermining the work of UN weapons inspector Hans Blix 's work in the country , ahead of its invasion in 2003 .
On civilian deaths in Iraq , the Lib Dem politician angrily told Mr Murphy : " We do n't know , because your government and Tony Blair did n't even have the decency to count them . "
Mr Mundell attacked Labour for initially blocking an Iraq inquiry , adding : " One of the main reasons for that was the evidence Gordon Brown gave to that inquiry that , during the period of the Iraq war , Labour cut our defence spending . "
Mr Salmond hit out at Mr Mundell for supporting the war , and asked the Scottish secretary : " How can you Jim , after we now know there were n't weapons of mass destruction , with that knowledge , how can you still justify an illegal invasion of a country which cost innumerable lives ? "
The Scottish secretary said the UN thought the then leader Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction , but added : " Its clear now there was a mistake .
" There were no weapons of mass destruction , but in all good faith , we took a decision which was to try to liberate Iraq from a tyrant we believed had weapons of mass destruction . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Hello Unity developers !
I have some big news to share with you this week : today , we ’re showing two new branches of our technology to the world at Google ’s annual developer conference , Google I /O .
The first is Unity Android , which we announced this spring .
Though we ’ve shown some sneak peeks at our Android support in private and at GDC in March , we ’ve not yet shown all anything like what we ’re showing this week .
In the Developer Sandbox at the show , we have several Android demos running on two different devices .
On Google ’s Nexus One , we have both Penelope and Star Troopers .
We ’re also showing a couple demos running a new tablet device sporting Nvidia ’s Tegra 2 chipset : the alien shooter we demoed on the iPhone 3GS GDC and Star Troopers .
The Developer Sandbox also includes a station showing another Google technology which , experimentally for now , we ’ve made Unity support .
That technology is called Native Client and we think it ’s a potential game changer for rich web applications and games in particular .
In a nutshell , Native Client is a security sandbox currently in Chromium that allows the secure execution of native code .
If you want to dig into the details ( e.g. how can native code be guaranteed secure ? ! ) , I *highly * recommend you watch Henry Bridge ’s explanation in this video .
If we really cut to the chase for why this matters for Unity , it ’s because what we ’re showing is Unity running in Chrome with no plugin at all .
That ’s right , there ’s no Unity Web Player installed on the machines running Unity content in Chrome .
Rather , with Google ’s clever technology , we ’re running Unity content in Chrome using just default access and no additional installation or user interaction .
It ’s kind of wild !
Chrome ’s market share is already growing like a weed , but it ’s innovation like this that will keep driving adoption at a torrid pace .
Even cooler still is the fact that all this new technology from Google is open source , so it can readily be adopted by other browsers if they want to .
We think they should .
Unity ’s Native Client port got some very prominent attention outside the Developer Sandbox as well , appearing in the keynote by Google ’s Sundar Pichai this morning .
Sundar showed Lego Star Wars in a mockup of the forthcoming Chrome Web Store .
Though not fully public yet , the Chrome Web Store is being designed with games in mind , and we ’re sure that it can be yet another great channel for Unity developers to reach large audiences .
Some quick , semi- blurry shots from the keynote ( captions are mine ) :
The Web is where people spend their time …
… but it ’s often really tough to find the best apps .
The Chrome Web Store will help organize the web ’s best content with an open marketplace and tools for rating and discovery .
High quality content , including content created with Unity , will be available to a huge audience with no technical or commercial barriers to entry .
May the best content games win :)
I want to take a moment to say how fantastic it ’s been to collaborate with Google .
For a giant company famously populated with geniuses , the people we ’ve worked with have been incredibly humble , open , and responsive .
No doubt about it , this is a sharp , ambitious , and capable crew and they want to do good things for game developers .
In that vein , it ’s no secret that Unity believes in the future of games on the web and mobile devices .
We put the majority of our resources into charging ahead on these fronts .
Both markets are relatively new , but they ’re now attracting new audiences to games and seeing very high , sustained growth rates as a result .
As a game developer , being on the web and on mobile devices offers you the most frequent opportunities to capture a gamer ’s attention and in raw minutes , the greatest spans of time to entertain them .
Because both mobile and web are largely open platforms , we feel Unity is providing the greatest value to you by staying at the leading edge of the curve .
For developers , they are easy to enter and they unlock the largest audiences .
Sounds like a winning combination to us !
At Unity , we also believe there ’s significant value in targeting multiple devices .
Bigpoint had a great demo at GDC this spring , using Unity to create a game that could be played head - to - head , phone and browser .
Whether it ’s offering complementary experiences between the web and mobile devices , or a truly seamless experience across both , we think it ’s valuable for developers to offer entertainment this way .
And we ’re beginning to see that proven in many more cases by big and small developers alike .
We ’ve been very pleased to discover that our goals – offering the best possible technology to help game developers succeed – are in fundamental alignment with both Android and Chrome .
While we still think it ’s very important to continue to support all major browsers and as many mobile platforms as possible , we ’re very excited by the technological openness of Google ’s platforms and by the frictionless marketplace they ’re building to support them .
This means low barrier to entry and high potential for game developers – exactly the right ingredients for games to flourish !
As I ’m writing this , Google I / O just hitting stride for day 1 .
We will have a lot more to announce about this in the coming months , so stay tuned and we ’ll keep up to date on the latest and greatest .
If you ’re attending the show , come by and see us in the Developer Sandbox .
We ’re happy to answer questions at the show , or in the comments below this post .
Hit the ← or → key to navigate to other images
How To Ruin Your Child , Fred Phelps Edition
A child from the Westboro Baptist Church pickets outside of a soldier ’s funeral .
A child from the Westboro Baptist Church pickets outside of a soldier ’s funeral .
Hit the ← or → key to navigate to other images
To help curb its heroin epidemic , Russia wants Britain and the United States to do more to eradicate opium poppy production in Afghanistan .
Russian officials accuse Nato troops of refusing to destroy poppy fields in Afghanistan , which account for around 90 % of the world 's heroin supply .
The head of Russia 's drug control agency described Russia 's heroin problem as a " tsunami " sweeping over the country .
The BBC's Rupert Wingfield - Hayes reports from the Siberian city of Novokuznetsk .
To play this content JavaScript must be turned on and the latest Flash player installed .
Latest Flash player available here Play in either Real OR Windows Media players
First broadcast 2 April 2010
Gyanendra as king - but he has kept a low profile since he was deposed
The former king of Nepal , Gyanendra , has said that he hopes the country 's centuries - old Hindu monarchy may one day be restored .
Gyanendra - who was deposed in 2008 when the monarchy was abolished - said that he did not believe it had ended .
He was ousted after Nepal 's Maoists , who had fought a decade - long civil war for a republic , won elections in 2008 .
The BBC's Joanna Jolly in Nepal says that the former king 's views are unlikely to be taken seriously .
Our correspondent says that while there has been speculation that he may make a comeback , most mainstream political leaders reacted by dismissing his claims as irrelevant .
' Ups and downs ' " I do n't believe that the monarchy has ended , " the former king said in a rare interview late on Wednesday on Nepal 's Avenues Television .
" History shows that the monarchy has had its ups and downs ...
But I will do whatever the people want me do . "
Gyanendra came to the throne in 2001 after his nephew - the then crown prince Dipendra - gunned down most of the royal family before shooting himself .
Gyanendra 's brother , King Birendra , was killed as was his sister - in - law , Queen Aishwarya .
Gyanendra 's popularity plummeted when he sacked the government and took control of the country in 2005 .
He argued that the mainstream parties had failed to tackle the Maoist insurgency .
But his takeover backfired when mass protests forced the reinstatement of parliament .
The Maoists went on to win subsequent elections and Nepal was declared a republic , ending 240 years of monarchy , in May 2008 .
The former king - who admitted in his interview that his power grab had been a mistake - has kept a low profile since he was ousted .
" I left [ the throne ] without objections so that this country would see peace and prosperity .
My forefathers united this country and I hope that unity will not broken , " Gyanendra said .
He was speaking as Nepal 's lawmakers continue with their struggle to draft a new constitution , which correspondents say is unlikely to be completed by a 28 May deadline .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
For my generation , Sex and the City ’s vision of female empowerment rings increasingly hollow .
Girl power is over .
The release of the second Sex and the City film , in which four rich Americans analyse their marriages on a boringly opulent girls ' holiday to Abu Dhabi , sounds the death knell for a pernicious strain of bourgeois sex - and - shopping feminism that should have been buried long ago at the crossroads of women 's liberation with a spiked Manolo heel through its shrivelled heart .
Any woman who claims not to enjoy Sex and the City is still considered to be either abnormal or fibbing , at least by a certain strain of highly paid fashion columnist whose lives probably bear an unusual resemblance to that of the show 's protagonist , the lifestyle writer Carrie Bradshaw .
For the young women of my generation , however , Sex and the City 's vision of individual female empowerment rings increasingly hollow , predicated as it is on conspicuous consumption , the possession of a rail - thin Caucasian body type , and the kind of oblivious largesse that employs faceless immigrant women as servants .
What young women want and need today is secure gainful employment , the right to equal work , the right to make decisions about our bodies and sex lives without moral intimidation , and the right to be treated as full human beings even if we are not beautiful , skinny , white and wealthy .
Much ink has been spilt over whether the swinging sexual empowerment epitomised by Sex and the City 's insatiable Samantha Jones is a positive erotic model for women , or whether Samantha 's orgasmic adventures , squealingly portrayed by Kim Cattrall , are simply obscene .
In fact , the real obscenity of Samantha 's lifestyle has nothing to do with her bedroom antics .
In the first film , a minor plot - hook hinges on the character 's fancy for an antique ring costing $ 60,000 , which is eventually , to her chagrin , bought for her by her boyfriend .
The type of feminism that gives serious thought to whether a girl should buy her own diamonds has missed something fundamental about the lives and problems of ordinary women .
Like any glamorous fantasy , Sex and the City - style feminism is only harmless when it does not haemorrhage into reality .
Unfortunately , female empowerment under Britain's new centre - right coalition government also seems to be more about the shoes than the substance .
Gushing attention has been paid to the extensive footwear collection of the new Home Secretary and Minister for Women , Theresa May , by press outlets all too keen to minimise her appalling record on gay rights and her punishingly pro-life agenda .
With May and her fellow female cabinet member Baroness Warsi dubbed the coalition 's " fashion double act " , it seems as if all it takes to be pro-woman today is a really killer pair of heels .
But May and Warsi are doing nothing to stop the coalition , as one of its first acts in power , from proposing what amounts to a rapists ' charter .
Just this week , the new government found time in its recession - busting schedule to table a law that offers anonymity to men accused of rape , who are considered special victims of what the Mail calls " extreme man-hating feminism " .
No similar anonymity is being extended to those falsely accused of child abuse : women are being singled out as liars by a government that appears to support rape culture .
Meanwhile , in the real New York City , millions of women are living in poverty without adequate housing or health care , and an underground abortion railroad assists other American women denied essential reproductive services .
And in Abu Dhabi , the " glamorous , exotic " setting for the faux - feminist narrative of Sex and the City 2 , rape victims are jailed , and husbands are allowed to beat their wives with sticks .
A fantasy feminism of shopping , shoes and shagging is not an adequate response to a world that still fears women 's power and punishes our bodies .
" If pop culture 's portrayal of womankind were to be believed , contemporary female achievement would culminate in the ownership of expensive handbags , a vibrator , a job , a flat and a man , " comments the feminist academic Nina Power , whose book One - Dimensional Woman advocates a more radical basis for feminist thought than whether one is willing to spend $ 500 on a pair of Jimmy Choos .
Hadley Freeman of the Guardian confirms that the second film heralds the death of the Sex and the City franchise .
Good .
It needed to die .
It was a pernicious , elitist meme that distracted us from the real problems facing women 's liberation in the 21st century .
Fortunately , today 's young women , growing up post - recession , are less susceptible than the previous generation to having our heads turned by fashion , fortune and the weary phallic cipher of Mr Big .
Reclaiming the F Word , the upcoming book by Cath Redfern and Kristin Aune , charts the emergence of a new breed of feminist : young , political , pragmatic and attuned to issues of class and race , violence and power that are elided by sex - and - shopping feminism .
In a world where rape accusation is still considered a more serious crime than rape , the feminists of the 21st century want more from life than marriage , babies and a really great shoe collection .
We want power , fairness and freedom from fear , and we 're coming to claim it .
Girl power is over : long live the new feminism .
Special offer : get 12 issues of the New Statesman for just £ 5.99 plus a free copy of " Liberty in the Age of Terror " by A C Grayling .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Investigators are poring over a wealth of evidence to find out who tried to detonate a car bomb in Times Square - New York 's bustling entertainment area .
The bomb , described as " amateurish " , consisted of propane tanks , fireworks , petrol and a clock device .
It was planted in a sports utility vehicle .
NYC police commissioner Ray Kelly said there was no evidence to support a Taliban link to the bomb attempt .
It followed a claim by the Pakistani Taliban early on Sunday .
In a video message purportedly released by the Pakistani Taliban , the militants said it was a revenge attack for the deaths of its leader and the leader of al - Qaeda in Iraq .
We avoided what could have been a very deadly event
Michael Bloomberg
New York Mayor
In pictures : Bomb alert ' Crossroads of the world ' Evacuation eyewitnesses
At a news conference on Sunday , Mr Kelly said the device in the Nissan Pathfinder consisted of two clocks connected by wires to a can , which they believed was the detonator , propane tanks and a gun locker .
Mr Kelly also said a white man in his 40s was seen removing a dark shirt in the area and putting it in a bag .
The commissioner added that police would shortly speak to a person in Pennsylvania who believed he may have recorded the man on a video camera .
Experts still had a huge amount of camera footage to pore over , Mr Kelly said .
" It 's not easy to go through these tapes .
I think we had 82 cameras in the area - we 've looked at 30 of those cameras .
Three of them had some value , " he said .
Earlier on Sunday , US Homeland Security Chief Janet Napolitano said so far there was no evidence that it was more than a " one - off event " .
But she added that it was regarded as " a potential terrorist attack " .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The vehicle has been sent to a forensic lab in the city 's Queens district , after police had conducted a controlled explosion to make it safe , and Times Square was reopened .
Part of the district - where many theatres are sited - had been sealed off on Saturday night after the bomb alert .
" There are forensics in terms of video or possible video that might exist .
There is a lot of evidence being tracked down by a lot of people right now , " Ms Napolitano said .
Both US President Barack Obama and New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg praised the quick response by the New York Police Department .
" We are very lucky , " Mr Bloomberg told reporters .
" We avoided what could have been a very deadly event . "
He said the bomb " looked amateurish " , but could have exploded , adding that the incident was a " reminder of the dangers that we face " .
" We have no idea who did this or why , " he said .
Police believe the intention was to ignite a fireball .
ANALYSIS By Gordon Corera , BBC security correspondent
Authorities are being careful about assigning responsibility at this early stage .
Domestic right - wing extremists have carried out attacks in the past , including the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing which killed 168 people .
But those groups usually target government buildings .
There are also some similarities to the failed 2007 attack on the Tiger Tiger nightclub in London , in which a car bomb fizzled and failed to go off .
That was carried out by individuals inspired by al - Qaeda 's ideology , but who had no real contact with the organisation itself .
The relative amateurishness of the Times Square explosive device at least suggests a similar possibility this time .
For many years , the US expressed some relief that it appeared immune from the so - called home - grown radicalisation witnessed in the UK and Europe .
But recently there have been a number of arrests and growing evidence of jihadists based in the US turning to terrorism , including some arrests in New York itself .
Correspondents say the New York Police Department is on constant alert after a series of alleged terror plots in the wake of the 9/11 attacks .
Police acted on a tip - off from a street vendor - a Vietnam War veteran , who saw smoke coming from the SUV parked on 45th Street and Seventh Avenue at about 1830 ( 2230 GMT ) on Saturday .
The vehicle had its engine running and hazard lights flashing , officials said .
Duane Jackson , a 58 - year - old handbag vendor , said he had spotted the car parked illegally and when he examined it he saw keys in the ignition with about 20 keys on a ring .
' Pop , pop , pop '
He said he alerted a passing mounted police officer .
" That 's when the smoke started coming out and then we heard the little pop , pop , pop - like firecrackers going out and that 's when everybody scattered and ran back , " he told the Associated Press .
" We dodged a bullet here , " he added .
Police shut down several blocks of Times Square , as well as subway lines , while a robotic arm broke windows of the vehicle .
" There were explosive elements , including powder , gasoline , propane and some kind of electrical wires attached to a clock , " police spokesman Paul Browne said .
" No motive has been identified , " he added .
Police have established that the car 's registration plates do not match up with the Nissan .
They belonged to a car owner in the state of Connecticut , who told officers he had sent the plates to a junkyard .
Most Broadway shows went ahead despite the alert .
On everyone 's mind is the city 's darkest day , the September 2001 attack on the Twin Towers just a few miles away , says the BBC's Barbara Plett in New York .
The most recent terror alert in New York City involved a plot to set off suicide bombs in the subway system .
Earlier this year an Afghan immigrant , Najibullah Zazi , and an associate , Zarein Ahmedzay , both pleaded guilty in connection with the attempt .
Last year four New Yorkers went on trial accused of plotting to bomb synagogues in the city and fire missiles at military aircraft .
Are you in the area ?
Do you have any information to share ?
Send us your comments using the form below : Send your pictures and video to yourpics@bbc.co.uk or text them to +44 7725 100 100 .
If you have a large file you can upload here .
Read the terms and conditions
At no time should you endanger yourself or others , take any unnecessary risks or infringe any laws .
A selection of your comments may be published , displaying your name and location unless you state otherwise in the box below .
Name
Your e-mail address
Town & Country
Phone number
Comments
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .
Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .
Terms & Conditions
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Missbrauch Jesuiten - Bericht bringt grausige Details ans Licht
Prügelattacken , Vergewaltigung , Schweigen : Die Beauftragte für die Aufarbeitung der Missbrauchsfälle im Jesuitenorden hat ihren detaillierten Abschlussbericht vorgestellt .
Opfer und Zeugen berichteten von schlimmen Erfahrungen - und von systematischer Vertuschung .
Pollution on the move ( Image : Strdel / AFP / Getty Images )
ASIAN pollution is a global problem .
Millions of tonnes of soot , sulphur dioxide and other pollutants are fast - tracked into the stratosphere each year by the summer monsoon .
“ The monsoon is one of the most powerful atmospheric circulation systems on the planet , and it happens to form right over a heavily polluted region , ” says William Randel of the US National Center for Atmospheric Research in Boulder , Colorado .
 The monsoon is extremely powerful , and it happens to form right over a heavily polluted region 
The stratosphere begins about 12 kilometres up , above the troposphere where …
EVEN negative findings tell a story – but when experimental drugs are tested in animals , negative results are far less likely to be reported than positive ones .
This makes drugs appear more effective than they really are .
As a result , expensive clinical trials can sometimes go ahead when they are unlikely to succeed , diverting resources from better options , says Malcolm Macleod of the University of Edinburgh , UK .
When Macleod ’s team analysed 16 reviews covering 525 published papers on animal tests of potential stroke treatments , they found that only 10 papers , or 2 per cent , reported that a treatment failed .
Combining this with their own experiences as researchers , …
We know that Joe Lieberman is now an ‘ independent Democrat ’ and endorsed a number of Republicans in the 2008 presidential cycle , including John McCain .
But even for Lieberman this one is quite a leap .
Today Lieberman said that he ’s still deciding who he ’ll support in the Connecticut Senate race .
Now , Blumenthal has clearly had a tough few weeks , though it does n’t seem to have hurt him much in the polls .
But this is really more about McMahon .
Let ’s remember that before the Iraq
War became his biggest issue , Joe ’s big claim to fame and public issue was his fight against coarseness and obscenity in American culture .
So he ’s going to endorse the CEO of American pro wrestling , which is basically a festival of cartoonish mock violence and copious T&A ?
Not that there ’s anything wrong with that …
Late Update :
The sad thing is that I ’ve probably had to use some version of that headline a dozen or more times over the last few years .
But it ’s never the ultimate .
There ’s always more .
BP officials insist safety was a top priority on the Macondo drilling project more than 40 miles off the coast of Louisiana , but there were plenty of reasons for the oil giant to want to cut corners to save time and money .
The drilling rig cost BP about $ 530,000 per day to lease , not including the daily rates for the many contractors on board .
And the project was delayed repeatedly , having started in October 2009 by a rig that was later damaged by Hurricane Ida .
Later , while drilling with the rig Deepwater Horizon , the project lost more than a week when equipment became stuck at around 13,000 feet , forcing the crew to pull back , cement over a section and drill a wide path around it .
The “ time is money ” mantra would hardly have been unique to the Deepwater Horizon , or even to the oil industry , said Gregory McCormack , director of the University of Texas ' Petroleum Extension Service .
But in the reams of documents and hours of testimony about the accident that have come out in the past month there are a number of items that can be seen as examples of BP trying to cut costs .
Under pressure
According to a January 2010 BP well plan the Houston Chronicle obtained , the company had budgeted nearly $ 98 million for drilling and completion of the well .
With the exception of money spent before the rig actually started drilling into the seafloor , the largest portion of that budget — about $ 18 million — was expected to be spent once the well was drilled to its full depth .
Companies feel particular pressure to shorten such “ non-rotating ” time when drill bits are n't turning but the clock is still running on the rig .
That may help explain one of the first shortcuts noted by workers on the rig — the decision to move quickly from circulating drilling mud in the well to pumping in seawater .
Truitt Crawford , a roustabout who worked for the rig's owner , Transocean , told Coast Guard officials in a written statement about such pressure .
“ I overheard upper management talking , saying that BP was taking shortcuts by displacing the well with saltwater instead of mud without sealing the well with cement plugs , ” Truitt said in a witness statement obtained by the Chronicle .
The cement plugs would sit inside the bottom of a long section of pipe that was supposed to serve as the conduit for oil and gas to the surface when the well started producing .
But even before the cement plugs were put into place , there were other elements of the well design that were less costly — and could have compromised safety .
No secondary barrier
The final stretch of piping that ran from the wellhead just under the seafloor all the way into the oil reservoir was cemented in place at the very bottom .
The cement barrier , however , only went several hundred feet up and did not reach the next section of larger pipe above it .
This meant there was no secondary barrier between the reservoir and the wellhead , so if any gas leaked through the cement it would have an unobstructed path all the way to the surface .
A secondary barrier is n't required in federal well design standards , but as the Chronicle reported earlier this week , taking the time and spending the money to install one would have provided another level of safety .
There are other indications that the cement job may have done with an eye toward savings .
The final section of the production casing was supposed to be centered in the wellbore — the area carved out of the earth by the drill bits — by special brackets known as centralizers .
Keeping the pipe centered ensures that cement is distributed evenly all around and is n't thinner on one side .
The final section of the production casing was supposed to be centered in the wellbore — the area carved out of the earth by the drill bits — by special brackets known as centralizers .
Keeping the pipe centered ensures that cement is distributed evenly all around and is n't thinner on one side .
The original well plan called for 21 centralizers , but it was discovered that 15 of the centralizers were not the ideal design for the job .
Rather than wait for the right type of centralizers , the decision was made to use just the six on hand that worked .
BP also decided not to not run a final , time - consuming test on the cement job — a cement bond log — in which a device is lowered into the well that using sonic signals to determine how well the cement has adhered to the pipe .
Oil field services firm Schlumberger was hired by BP to provide a variety of services on the Deepwater Horizon rig and had a crew on standby on the rig from April 18 to 20 for any additional tests .
The team , however , was not called on for the bond log so they left the rig the morning of April 20 , according to Schlumberger .
Alleged argument
A number of witnesses in hearings before a joint Coast Guard / Minerals Management Service panel this week said BP and Transocean officials argued about last - minute procedures and tests related to the well 's integrity .
But one of the Transocean officials said to be at the center of the arguments , Jimmy Harrell , said there was no heated debate , just a discussion about BP 's plans to not perform a particular pressure test on the well .
BP officials eventually decided to do the test .
There is always a “ natural conflict ” between oil companies paying the bills for an offshore drilling operation and the owner and operator of a rig doing the work , said Carl Smith , a captain for a rig owned by Diamond Offshore , who was called as an expert witness during the Coast Guard hearings .
But Steve Tink , BP 's health and safety team leader for drilling and completions in the Gulf of Mexico , said the company 's drive to control the massive costs of drilling a deepwater well is not in conflict with promoting safe operations .
“ Our basic philosophy on that is that a safe rig is an efficient rig , ” he testified .
Brett Clanton in New Orleans and Jennifer Dlouhy in Washington , D.C. , contributed to this report .
tom.fowler@chron.com
SEARCH COVER STAR : SEARCH COVER : 1000 Glorious Issues 100th Issue 50 Shades Of Grey 500th Issue Adolf Hitler Advanced Passenger Train Aidan Crawley Al Gore Alan Freeman Alan Shearer Alastair Campbell Alastair Darling Alec Douglas - Home Alesha Dixon Aletta Louw Alex McDonald Alex Salmond Alexei Kosygin Alexis Tsipras Alf Robens Alistair Darling Amber Rudd Andre Previn Andrea Leadsom Andrew Hornby Andrew Lloyd Webber Andrew Marr Andrew Neil Andrew Young Andy Coulson Angela Merkel Angela Rippon Anita Ekberg Ann Parkinson Anna Chapman Anna Ford Annabel Goldsmith Annunziata Rees- Mogg Ant McPartlin Anthony Barber Anthony Blunt Anthony Eden Anton du Beke Archbishop Justin Welby Ariel Sharon Aristotle Onassis Arlene Foster Armageddon Army Soldiers Arthur Michael Ramsey Arthur Scargill Ayatollah Khomeini BBC Test Card Barack Obama Barbara Amiel Barbara Bush Barbara Cartland Barbara Castle Barings Bank Baroness Evans Baroness Scotland Barron Trump Barry Goldwater Bashar al - Assad Basil D'Olivera Basil Hulme Ben Gummer Benjamin Netanyahu Bernadette Devlin Bertie Aherne Betsy Duncan Smith Bianca Jagger Bienvenida Buck Big Ben Bill Clinton Bill Tarmey Black Rod Bob Diamond Bob Geldof Bobby Charlton Bobby Robson Bomber Harris Bonzo Boris Johnson Boris Karloff Boris Yeltsin Brenda Dean Brexit Brexit Bus Bristol Police British Army British Leyland British Weather Buckingham Palace Cabinet Camilla Parker Bowles Canary Wharf Captain Mark Phillips Cardinal Heenan Carillion Carole Caplin Caroline Benn Carrie Symonds Cathy Ashdown Cathy Newman Cecil Parkinson Channel Tunnel Charles De Gaulle Charles Kennedy Charles Manson Charles Saatchi Cherie Blair Cheryl Cole Chico Marx Chinese Army Chris Evans Chris Grayling Chris Huhne Chris Patten Christian Barnard Christine Hamilton Christmas Christmas Angels Christopher John Soames Claire Hamilton Clare Short Clive Jenkins Colin Moynihan Colin Powell Colonel Gaddafi Common Market Conchita Wurst Concorde Condoleezza Rice Conrad Black Corgis Coronavirus Count Jean - Francois de Chambrun Coventry Cathedral Cuban Missile Crisis Cyprus Cyril Smith Dame Edna Everage Damian Green Daniel Cohn Bendit Daniel Craig Danny Alexander Danny La Rue David Beckham David Blunkett David Cameron David Davis David Frost David Gauke David Gower David Jenkins David Liddington David Mellor David Miliband David Mundell David Owen David Steel David Trimble David Walliams Davis Davis Dec Donelly Dec Donnelly Declan Donnelly Denis Healey Denis Howell Denis Thatcher Dennis Stevenson Derek Conway Desmond Wilcox Diane Thatcher Dominic Cummings Dominic Raab Don Ryder Donald Rumsfeld Donald Trump Donald Tusk Dorothy Macmillan Douglas Carswell Douglas Hurd Dr Verwoerd Duke of Kent Duncan Sandys Dunkirk EU Brexit Ed Balls Ed Miliband Ed balls Edna Healey Edward Kennedy Edwina Currie Ehud Olmert Election Battlebuses Elena Ceausescu Elizabeth Truss Elton John Emmanuel Macron Emperor Akihito Emperor Hirohito England Football Team English Countryside Enoch Powell Estelle Morris Esther Rantzen Euan Blair Eurostar FW de Klerk Fabio Capello Father Christmas Fern Britton Ffion Hague Fifth anniversary Fighter Pilots Fiona Bruce Florence Cameron Francesco Schettino Francis Chichester Francis Maude Francis Pym Francois Hollande Francois Mitterrand Frank Dobson Frankie Howerd Fred Goodwin Frederick Coggan Gavin Williamson Gaynor Regan General Election General Galtieri Geoffrey Howe Geoffrey Rippon George Best George Brown George Bush George Carey George Entwhistle George Galloway George Harrison George Osborne George Shultz George W Bush George Wigg Gerald Corbett Gerald Ford Gerald Nabarro Gerry Adams Gerry Hayes Giftmart Catalogue Giulio Andreotti Glenn Hoddle Glynis Kinnock God Goerge Osborne Gordon Brown Graham Gooch Greek Statue Grosvenor Square Riots Groucho Marx Guantanamo Bay HMS Astute Hare Bear Harold Evans Harold Macmillan Harold Wilson Harriet Harman Harvey Weinstein Hazel Blears Heather Mills McCartney Heathrow Airport Helmut Kohl Helmut Schmidt Henry Kissinger Herman Von Rompoy Hilary Benn Hillary Clinton Hippies House Of Commons Houses Of Parliament Howling Laud Hope Hugh Gaitskell Hugh Grant Hugh Scanlon Hugh Trevor - Roper IRA ISIS Jihadi Iain Duncan Smith Ian Botham Ian Hislop Ian Maxwell Ian McDonald Ian Paisley Ian Smith Idi Amin Ikemba Chukwuemeka Odumegwu Ojukwu Imran Khan Iris Robinson Ivanka Trump Jack Jones Jackie Onassis Jacob Rees-Mogg Jacques Chirac Jacqui Smith James Anderton James Goldsmith James Murdoch Jean Shrimpton Jean - B?¬©del Bokassa Jean - Claude Juncker Jeffrey Archer Jeffrey Donaldson Jeffrey Epstein Jemima Goldsmith Jennifer Arcurri Jeremy Clarkson Jeremy Corbyn Jeremy Hunt Jeremy Thorpe Jerry Hall Jill Pay Jim Callaghan Jim Prior Jimmy Carter Jimmy Connors Jimmy Saville Jimmy Young Jo Swinson Joachim Sauer Joanna Lumley Joe Gormley John Bercow John Bishop John F Kennedy John F Kennedy Jr John Gummer John Kerry John Lennon John Major John McCain John McDonnell John McEnroe John Nott John O'Farrell John Prescott John Profumo John Redwood John Reid John Smith John Stonehouse John Terry John Vorster John Wells Johnny Bryan Jonathan Aitken Jose Maria Aznar Joseph Kagan Joseph Stalin Joshua Nkomo Judges Judy Finnigan Julian Assange Julius Libman Karen Bradley Karen Danczuk Karl Marx Kate Middleton Kathryn Blair Katya Jones Keith Joseph Ken Clarke Ken Livingstone Kenneth Baker Kenneth Kaunda Kevin Keegan Kevin Maxwell Kim Jong - un King Abdullah King Hussein of Jordan Kittens Kofi Annan Konrad Adenauer Koo Stark Kwame Nkrumah Laura Bush Lauren Silverman Len McCluskey Len Murray Leo Blair Leon Brittan Leonid Brezhnev Li Keqiang Liam Fox Liberace Light Brigade Lisa Marie Presley Liz Dawn London Marathon Lord Aldington Lord Butler Lord Carrington Lord Denning Lord Franks Lord Hutton Lord Leveson Lord Levy Lord Longford Lord Matthews Lord Rennard Lordi Louise Woodward Luciano Pavarotti Lyndon B Johnson Madeleine Albright Madonna Mahmoud Ahmadinejad Major Ronald Ferguson Malcolm Muggeridge Malcolm Rifkind Mandy Allwood Mandy Rice - Davies Mao Tse - Tung Marcia Williams Margaret Beckett Margaret Moran Margaret Thatcher Maria Hutchings Marianne Faithful Mark Oaten Mark Palios Mark Phillips Mark Reckless Mark Thatcher Martin Bashir Martin McGuinness Mary Archer Mary Wilson Matt Hancock Maurice Couve De Murville Max Mosley Meghan Markle Melania Trump Menachem Begin Metropolitan Police Michael Ancram Michael Argyle Michael Ashcroft Michael Atherton Michael Barrymore Michael Caine Michael Edwardes Michael Fallon Michael Foot Michael Gove Michael Heseltine Michael Howard Michael Jackson Michael Jackson Family Michael Martin Michael O'Brien Michael Parkinson Michael Peacock Michael Portillo Mick Jagger Mickey Mouse Middle East Migrants Mike Thornton Mikhail Gorbachev Miriam Gonzalez Durantez Mo Mowlam Mohamed Al Fayed Moon Landing Nadiya Hussain Nancy Reagan Nancy Shevell Naomi Campbell Napoleon Nativity Nazi Party Neil Hamilton Neil Kinnock Nelson Mandela Nicholas Blair Nicholas Ridley Nick Brown Nick Clegg Nick Griffin Nicky Morgan Nicola Sturgeon Nicolai Ceausescu Nicolas Sarkozy Nigel Dodds Nigel Farage Nigel Hawthorne Nigel Lawson Nigella Lawson Nikita Khrushchev No Terror Norma Major Norman Lamont Norman St John - Stevas Norman Tebbit Norman Willis O J Simpson Oleg Deripaska Olympic Security Guards Orange Men Osama Bin Laden Oswald Mosley 's Union Movement Owen Paterson P W Botha Paddy Ashdown Paddy Crerand Pamella Bordes Parliament Pat Pheonix Patricia Hewitt Paul Burrell Paul Condon Paul Eddington Paul Gascoigne Paul Hudson Paul McCartney Paul Merton Paul Nuttall Pauline Prescott Pete Doherty Pete Townshend Peter Cook Peter Jay Peter Mandelson Peter Parker Peter Robinson Peter Shore Peter Tatchell Peter Thorneycroft Peter Walker Philip Green Philip Hammond Philip May Phillip Green Pierre Trudeau Pierre - Yves Gerbeau Piers Morgan Polar Bears Pope Benedict XVI Pope John Paul II Pope Paul VI Prince Andrew Prince Charles Prince Edward Prince George Prince Harry Prince Michael of Kent Prince Philip Prince William Princess Anne Princess Beatrice Princess Catherine Princess Diana Princess Eugenie Princess Margaret Princess Michael of Kent Priti Patel Pudsey Bear Punch Quintin Hogg RMS Queen Elizabeth Rachel Thatcher Rail Privatisation Railtrack Raine Spencer Ray Gunter Ray Lewis Rebekah Brooks ( nee Wade ) Reg Prentice Reggie Kray Reginald Bosanquet Reginald Maudling Ricardo Carvalho Richard Arnot Richard Attenborough Richard Branson Richard Crossman Richard Desmond Richard Ingrams Richard Madden Richard Madeley Richard Nixon Richard Timney Ringo Starr Rishi Suank Rishi Sunak Robert Jenrick Robert Kee Robert Maclennan Robert Mark Robert Maxwell Robert Mugabe Robert Runcie Robin Cook Rock Of Gibraltar Roddy Llewelyn Ron Davies Ronald Reagan Ronnie Biggs Ronnie Corbett Ronnie Kray Rosie Barnes Ross Kemp Roy Hattersley Roy Thomson Royal Wedding Rugby Rula Lenska Rupert Murdoch Russian Soldiers Ruth Kelly SAS Saddam Hussein Sajid Javid Sally Henderson Sally Parmiloe Samantha Cameron Sarah Armstrong - Jones Sarah Brown Sarah Ferguson Sarah Gurling Sarah Macauley Sarah Palin Sarah Vine Scottish Referendum Seann Walsh Seasiders Selina Scott Sepp Blatter Sex Shop Shamima Begum Simon Cowell Simon Danczuk Simon Hughes Sir Ian Blair Sir Menzies Campbell Sir Paul Stephenson Sir Terence Beckett Slobodan Milosevic Spanish Football Team Spiro Agnew St Pauls Cathedral Stell McCartney Stephen Byers Steve Bannon Stock Market Traders Sue Lawley Sue Murray Susan Nilsson Sven Goran Eriksson Takeo Fukuda Tariq Ali Tax Avoidance Ted Heath Teddy Sheringham Terry Major - Ball Terry Venables Tessa Jowell Thabo Mbeki The Addams Family The Census The Clinton 's Cat The Dome The Grand National The Guildford Four The Parthenon The Queen The Queen Mother The Sphinx The Times The Titanic The White House The Windsors Theresa May Thomas McKillop Tim Lawrence Tim Peake Tiny Rowland Toilet Paper Tom Watson Tony Armstrong - Jones Tony Benn Tony Blair Tory MPs Tower of Babel UKIP Clowns Ukip Voter Ulrika Jonsson United States Navy VE Day Valery Giscard d'Estaing Vic Feather Victoria Beckham Vietnam Vince Cable Virginia Bottomley Virginia Roberts Viscount Linley Viv Richards Vladimir Putin Wayne Rooney Welephant Wendi Deng Will Carling William Hague William Rees-Mogg William Roache William Shakespeare William Waldegrave Willie Rushton Willie Whitelaw Wimbledon Windsor Winston Churchill Xi Jinping Yasser Arafat Yoko Ono Yvonne De Gaulle Zola Budd
4 The Red Fox
If there was a color - coded scale for cuteness like there is for Terror Alert Levels , the red fox would be at Level Orange -- way above Adorable Bomb Threat and just half a notch below Snuggle Jihad .
Look at him !
He 's got little stockings .
Like a sweet little furry whore .
I would name him Mr. Pringles and feed him chips .
You know he'd eat them all tenderly and shit .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Now , here 's the sound he makes :
If you came of age in a small town , you / re probably already familiar with the sound red foxes make .
Here is the exact transcription of the time you found out :
You : Jesus , this weed is amazing .
Am I being paranoid , or is the ground trying to sneak up on us ?
Your Dickhead Friend Barry : Ha !
You 're high , man .
You 're like , you 're ... you 're like , high .
Man .
Red Fox : AWWAAUUUUGHHGGGHHHH !!!!
You : WHAT THE FUCK WAS THAT ?
Your Dickhead Friend Barry :
What was what ?
You : Don't " What was what ? " me , you son of a bitch .
What the hell was that sound ?!
Is somebody raping a baby ?!
Your Dickhead Friend Barry :
That 's just a fox , dude .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
You :
There 's a fox raping a baby ?
Your Dickhead Friend Barry : No , that 's what foxes sound like .
Red Fox : AHGOOOOODDAAHHHHELLP
You : Fuck that .
Those were words .
That 's the Devil .
That is the Devil screaming for help .
I 'm going home .
I 'm going home , and I never want to see you again , for fear you will remind me of this night .
Your Dickhead Friend Barry : Do n't be such a pussy .
Red Fox : AAAEEEAAATYOURSOUUUULLL
Your Dickhead Friend Barry : OK , that 's the Devil .
If She ’s Not Having Fun You Have To Stop
This is about the nuts - and - bolts of how the work gets done .
This is about parenting the next generation .
A boy and a girl run around on the grass at the park .
The boy tackles the girl .
The girl laughs .
She gets up and runs away .
She loves to run .
He chases , she turns and they grab eachother , tumble and land in a pile , giggling .
After a few minutes , he tackles her again and she lands a bit hard .
She is bigger and physical , but he more than holds his own in roughhousing .
She pauses for a second .
Then she laughs again ; she ’s still having fun .
Dad gets his attention , and says , “ If she ’s not having fun , you have to stop . ”
He is two .
He needs to hear this now , and so does she .
And again , and again , and again , so that like wearing a helmet on the bike it is ingrained .
My kids would not think about riding a bike without a helmet .
Wearing a helmet is what you do when you ride a bike .
Doing otherwise has not occurred to them , and I need the lesson to stick so that , if their peers make bad choices , they stop and think and decide not to join the bad choices .
What I said will mean a lot of things in a lot of contexts ; but it always means the same thing .
Regard for one ’s partner is a basic component of respect .
At one level it ’s an anti-rape lesson .
This is “ Yes Means Yes ” in practice .
The mere absence of “ no ” does not a partnership make ; and a real partner wants to participate .
Shared activity is wanted by everyone involved ; “ pushing leaners ” is for political polling .
But it ’s not just an anti-rape lesson .
It ’s a life lesson .
So I start teaching it now .
He does n’t need to know what sex is or what rape is to know what a partner is .
If your partner is n’t having fun , you stop .
Here ’s a comic today even though Wes lost his last connection to the outside world while Tony lost his car to a tar pit .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The gloves came off in the second prime ministerial debate as Gordon Brown , David Cameron and Nick Clegg clashed over global affairs .
In fiery exchanges , the three leaders locked horns on Europe , climate change , tax , nuclear weapons and sleaze .
Mr Brown and Mr Cameron agreed less with Mr Clegg than last week and instead stressed policy differences .
BBC Political Editor Nick Robinson said all three performed well and it proved " we are in a tight three horse race " .
Opinion polls taken immediately after the debate gave conflicting verdicts over whether Mr Cameron or Mr Clegg came out on top but they agreed that the margins between all three contenders were much tighter than in the first debate .
But BBC polling expert David Cowling said there had been a significant drop in the number of people who thought Mr Clegg won , with Mr Brown having the most improved ratings .
The debate itself was livelier than last week , with flashes of anger from Mr Cameron in particular as he accused Labour of spreading " lies " about Tory policy on benefits for the elderly in election leaflets , telling Mr Brown he should be " ashamed " of them .
' Desperate '
At several points , both Mr Cameron and Mr Brown attempted to take a leaf out of Nick Clegg 's book by pointing to the squabbling of the other two .
But they avoided saying " I agree with Nick " in an effort to win the Lib Dem leader over and at one point Mr Cameron even said " I agree with Gordon " over nuclear weapons .
Mr Brown made a point of attacking Mr Cameron and Mr Clegg equally , rounding off his closing statement by telling his two rivals : " Nick you would leave us weak , David you would leave us isolated in Europe . "
I think it 's quite an insult that we were not represented in that debate
Alex Neil
SNP
Analysis : ' Game on ' in campaign
In quotes : Reaction to debate Pundits make their judgements Nick Robinson :
What a difference
But the Labour leader 's main pitch was to tell voters anything other than a Labour majority risked damaging the economy , telling voters : " Do n't do anything that puts this economic recovery at risk . "
Mr Cameron said Mr Brown sounded " desperate " and accused him of " trying to frighten people " .
In his closing statement , he said Britain needed a " clean break from 13 years of failure " .
Mr Clegg , who was the last to deliver a closing statement , sought to strike an optimistic note , saying " people are beginning to hope that we can do something different this time " and " if we do things differently we can be a force for good in the world " .
The three leaders began by calling each other by their first names , but as the debate developed Mr Clegg in particular started calling his rivals by their full names when he addressed them .
' Hypocritical '
Mr Clegg said he believed it was time for a " fundamental debate " on Europe and said " of course there are daft rules , of course it does daft things but it seems to me that we punch above our weight when you stand together in Europe " .
Mr Brown said he was determined to work with the " sensible " people in Europe , and accused Mr Cameron of aligning himself with " right - wing extremists " after pulling his MEPs out of the main centre - right European People 's Party grouping .
But the Tory leader said it would have been " hypocritical " to stay in the EPP .
HAVE YOUR SAY Thought Labour and Conservative were better prepared tonight , although the complete turnaround from ' I agree with Nick ' to ' get real ' was interesting , to say the least !
Pippa Mr Clegg weighed in by accusing Mr Cameron of working with " nutters , anti-Semites , people who deny climate change exists , homophobes " .
Mr Brown accused his two rivals of behaving like " my two boys at bath time - they are squabbling , " gaining him the first laugh of the evening .
He went on : " I am afraid David is anti-European , Nick is anti- American .
Both of them are out of touch with reality . "
Mr Cameron hit back : " What you are hearing from the other two is , frankly , do not trust the people .
Do not ask them when you pass powers from Westminster to Brussels .
" Just give in to everything that comes out of Brussels and do not stand up for your country . "
Mr Clegg came under attack from his two rivals over his proposal to include Britain 's Trident nuclear deterrent in the strategic defence review which all three parties have promised to hold after the election .
The Lib Dem leader cited a group of retired generals who have warned that replacing Trident could take money away from frontline troops and that US President Barack Obama had identified the threats of the future as terrorism and failed states .
But Mr Brown told him : " I have to deal with these issues every day and I say to you , Nick , get real . "
Mr Cameron agreed with the Labour leader , arguing " we are safer having an independent nuclear deterrent in an unsafe world ... a proper replacement for Trident . "
There was also lively debate over immigration policy , with Mr Clegg denying he wanted an " amnesty " for illegal immigrants and facing claims from Mr Cameron that his plan for regional targets did not make sense .
Mr Cameron faced a similar claim from Mr Brown about his plan for an annual cap on immigration .
Turning to the war in Afghanistan , Mr Clegg said the government had not pursued the right strategy or given the right equipment to British troops .
Mr Brown said British troops were in Afghanistan because there was a " chain of terror " linking al - Qaeda groups across the world to action which could happen in the UK .
Hung Parliament
The leaders also clashed over cleaning - up politics , with Mr Brown saying he was " ashamed " of the way MPs had behaved and Mr Cameron said no party should put itself on a pedestal over expenses .
But the Tory leader insisted there should not be voting reform to get rid of the first - past - the - post system .
" Do n't let us give up the way you can sack your government and throw them out , let us not have permanent hung Parliaments . "
Mr Clegg urged young people to register to vote , saying they could make it the " most exciting election in a very long time " .
Asked about the Daily Telegraph 's allegations during the televised leaders ' debate , Mr Clegg said : " It 's a complete nonsense story ... complete rubbish . "
The leaders were also quizzed about what they would do in the event of a hung Parliament , with Mr Clegg urging voters to ignore " ludicrous scare stories " about meltdown in the financial markets .
Anti-war protesters were involved in a stand - off with police outside the venue in Bristol which hosted the debate .
Six people were arrested for public order offences .
A number of opinion polls placed the Lib Dems ahead of Labour and gaining on the Conservatives after last week 's prime ministerial TV debate .
Others , such as the YouGov / Sun survey of 20 April , have even put the Lib Dems in first place .
Where 's the change when the three Westminster leaders tonight , Cameron , Brown and Clegg , were as one in their support for continuing a war in Afghanistan
Adam Price , Plaid Cymru
dot .
Rory : how it unfolded online Debate uncertainty over world role
It has increased speculation that the general election on 6 May will result in a hung parliament - polls suggest the Conservatives are still slightly ahead but would not have enough seats to get an overall majority .
Thursday 's debate was held at the Arnolfini Gallery in Bristol , hosted by Sky 's political editor Adam Boulton .
Ahead of the debate the BBC Trust rejected a joint appeal from the Scottish and Welsh nationalist parties against the BBC 's decision to exclude them from the prime ministerial debates - separate leaders ' debates are being held in Scotland , Wales and Northern Ireland .
Plaid Cymru's Adam Price branded the prime ministerial debate a " farce " , saying : " Where 's the choice ?
Where 's the change when the three Westminster leaders tonight , Cameron , Brown and Clegg , were as one in their support for continuing a war in Afghanistan - a war with no end in sight and which has cost us dearly in lives and in funds ? "
Angus Robertson , for the SNP , said : " If people in Scotland want to avoid the exclusion of Scottish interest which we saw on display again tonight , the only mention of Scotland came once when the prime minister talked about the weather , that is simply not good enough . "
UK Independence Party MEP Nigel Farage , said there had not been a " proper debate about the European Union in this election campaign . "
Mr Farage , who campaigns for Britain to leave the EU , said : " Was that it ?
A ten -minute debate in the entire general election campaign about the institution that now makes 75 % of our laws .
And what we saw was total agreement that we must be part of the European Union . "
Green Party deputy leader Adrian Ramsay said the debate showed the three main parties were " not taking climate change seriously . "
Simon Darby , of the British National Party , also complained about the lack of debate on the EU : " There was n't anybody there suggesting we should remove ourselves from the European Union .
On the question on the war in Afghanistan , they are all in favour of the war in Afghanistan .
We should n't be there . "
The English Democrats , who campaign for an English Parliament , said the debate was a " no score " draw for England : " Roll on a hung parliament with representatives from the English Democrats to stand up for England , like the SNP stand up for Scotland . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
If you already read Parts I through III and want to skip the preface , you can jump to the beginning of Part IV .
Preface
I am publishing this story somewhat hastily in response to the hue and cry on the Above Top Secret forums .
Apologies in advance for those areas that I would have improved or omitted entirely had I spent more time thinking about what others wanted to hear and less time thinking about what I wanted to say .
I attempted , where it occurred to me , to explain the terms and workings of the things I mention , but I may have forgotten to explain some items which could cause confusion and / or Google searches .
I will attempt to update this document in the coming weeks as I have time , to improve the clarity and eliminate elements which may unnecessary or uninteresting to others .
This began and remains a personal journey , an attempt to reconcile and understand my own history and work .
If you find it interesting , great .
If you do n’t , oh well .
The experience I ’m about to relate marked the beginning of the end of my NASA work , the end of the beginning of my awakening .
The transparent and noble institution I believed I knew was hiding something .
For those who want a synopsis , I ’ll try to post one in a few days .
Most of you already know parts of it , and I felt it most important that I first get down as many of the specific details as I could to ensure that people would n’t accuse me of the greater crime of making extraordinary claims without providing context and specifics .
It is fitting that I publish this today , the 9th anniversary of the launch of Mars Odyssey , the orbiter that made possible so much of the Mars rovers ’ good science ( in spite of all who have sought to limit it ) .
“ John ”
https://astroengineer.wordpress.com/
P.S. – I hastily inserted chapter headings to try to break up the text logically and make it more readable .
These do n’t correspond to the original posting in parts .
Chapter 1 : Spirit ’s Missing Time
Last January
I was at JPL on a project when a colleague of mine in the unrelated MER program was working a Spirit glitch .
Spirit is one of the two rovers still operating on Mars .
Spirit ’s expected mission was for a little over 90 days long , but six years later the rover is still operating .
Spirit has performed well beyond expectations , but even the best robot is going to have its off days .
One of these off days was in late January 2009 .
My friend and colleague , who I ’ll call Rich , was a senior software engineer on the team tasked with maintaining the mobility flight software , the code that controlled the rover ’s movements and experiments .
Spirit had refused an instruction .
It had been sent instructions to move , it acknowledged receipt of those instructions , but it did not move .
In and of itself that was not highly unusual , the rover is given license to ignore move requests it does not believe it can fulfill successfully or safely .
But not only did Spirit not move , its non-volatile flash memory was missing data about its motionless hours .
Through a separate subsystem they were able to estimate that it had been awake for at least an hour during the gap , but what it had been doing or why it had decided not to move was unknown .
Imaging before and after the event showed no change , cameras , IDD , suspension values , terrain ; all were the same .
This was the mystery my colleague and his team were engaged in solving .
Why did the rover ignore its command to move ?
Why did the rover record nothing ?
Presumably the one question would answer the other .
They ran a battery of system checks and all appeared nominal .
A refusal to comply can have its origins in the rover having lost track of its orientation , so they attempted to recover this with an on - board program that uses the panoramic camera and accelerometers to locate the sun and determine its own orientation from that .
After an initial unrelated failure in this procedure ( the accelerometer package was off ) they were able to reacquire orientation .
After a bit more testing and investigation , with more nominal results , the rover driver ( RP ) once again prepared move orders that were vetted and ultimately uplinked .
This time the rover moved as expected , and recorded its activities to flash .
The most probable explanation for the initial faults ( the failure to move , memory loss , loss of orientation ) was cosmic rays .
Cosmic rays are energetic particles , usually protons , capable of disrupting electronic systems they come in contact with .
With all systems once again performing as they should , it would be hard to explain any other way .
And this can happen , cosmic rays have been suspected in the transitory failure of other satellites , orbiters , and landers .
The potential for problems has been amply demonstrated in labs on earth , and as a result Spirit ’s electronics are somewhat hardened , to the degree reasonable for its expected exposure .
As part of working the problem , before Spirit had reacquired orientation , Rich had done a few things to dig deep into the mystery .
He had dumped portions of Spirit ’s memory to see what he might find through a forensic examination back on Earth .
Spirit has three kinds of memory : 3 MB EEPROM ( like a bootable thumb drive , where the VxWorks OS lives ) , 128 MB RAM ( like your computer ’s memory ) , and 256 MB flash memory ( like your hard drive ) .
He would have loved to dump everything , but that was completely impossible .
Spirit ’s downlink is far too slow and there are limits to what you can safely dump from a running system .
Downlink usually comes from a combination of UHF to orbiter to Deep Space Network ( DSN ) and HGA direct to DSN .
UHF is faster than HGA but limited by having only two 10 minute passes of the orbiter each sol in which to transmit data for relay .
HGA is much slower but the window is considerably longer , three hours in many cases , ultimately limited by power , temperature , and visibility of earth .
Daily downlink capability is only about 9 MB per earth day .
So , Rich focused on building the sequences to dump what he suspected would be key portions of flash and RAM .
After thorough testing he got the TAP / SIE to send these on the next uplink .
The commands were in fact sent , which was actually a pretty big coup for Rich .
The practice of dumping memory for analysis is a common technique for debugging software on earth , but rarely ( possibly never ) performed on a vehicle in space .
In this case it was allowed because the specific commands were deemed very low risk , and the uplink and downlink bandwidths were otherwise unused as the engineering teams worked the problem in simulator .
Rich pulled down about 7 MB .
He was after regions of flash which might hold evidence of a damaged table of contents ( TOC ) , perhaps even hints of the missing records .
He was also looking for regions of RAM that might contain loaded low level OS code , possibly revealing unusual EEPROM issues .
Also included in what he pulled down were small data samples taken across the entirety of the flash memory .
He had a pet theory that a cosmic ray memory failure event may leave some sort of signature in the data on the failed flash memory .
He was able to slip this 256 kb flash sampling past the TAP / SIE censors in the guise of sampling for the evidence of missing records , which arguably it could have been .
He received the data , but had no opportunity to examine it before Spirit was deemed restored .
Rich ’s regular schedule resumed and it was several days before he had the time to dive into the data .
A terrestrial memory dump is no special thing ; it is a computer ’s dejecta , something a software engineer wants to deal with only when he must .
But a memory dump from a craft on Mars ?
Now that ’s something special .
So on his first day off he began to examine what they ’d pulled down .
The first few hours were spent writing code to help the analysis , to separate the single block of data received back into its original and separate parts , and to place them in a proper context so his debugging tools could assist in the analysis .
A few hours later he had found the flash ’s TOC and found they contained no evidence of records corresponding to the rover ’s unresponsive time .
This was fine , it was merely a possibility he wanted to check , since the presence or absence would hint at the nature or timing of the initial failure .
He looked at the samples he took across the flash drive , and found nothing of absolute significance .
He knew that was a long shot , and that he would likely need to collect more data from other similar failures , likely from test labs on earth , before he could see if there was a real case to make .
He now turned his attention to the RAM he dumped .
He was targeting the region most likely to contain the code and stack of the applications core to OS and flight software .
Analyzing this would be painful , and possibly fruitless .
RAM is very dynamic and while it ’s parceled out in a fairly orderly way at first , as each application requests and releases memory it very rapidly becomes chaotic and a useful forensic analysis is nearly impossible .
At best he was expecting to find chunks of programs with signatures he could match up with code from the EEPROM he knew to be on - board , as well as the data ( the stack ) from some of those running programs .
What he would be looking at would be machine language , not the original high level language , C . If he found anything interesting he could use decompiling tools to give him a leg up in understanding the machine language he was seeing by turning it back into the more readable C .
His days off were over before he ’d found anything of interest , and it was n’t until his next time off that he was able to give things another look .
Over the next week Rich had an idea for a tool to help him understand the RAM dump .
He wrote a little utility to sample a dump of the version of the EEPROM most recently uploaded to Spirit , generating signatures ( context triggered piecewise hashes ) for the various pieces of application code on it .
The signatures themselves were made of short regions of the applications so in this way he might be able to better match the fragments he would have in the RAM dump .
He finished writing the tool and generating the signatures during the first half of that next day off .
He then ran it against the RAM he dumped and was able to identify quite a few sections of application code .
He began to check ( diff ) each section of recognized application code against the EEPROM source .
All were as expected except for regions of code related to telecom .
Only portions of the RAM dumped version matched the EEPROM version .
There was nothing yet startling here , perhaps he was comparing RAM to an older EEPROM dump , perhaps this section of the rover ’s memory had been unloaded and the region reused while he was dumping it , or perhaps there was a bug in the code he wrote to break up the original monolithic dump file .
He double checked everything .
He was using the latest known rover code .
He did n’t see anything wrong with his parser .
The only thing he could do was to see whether or not the regions which differed looked like they were actually part of the original telecom code .
He found some later regions which were , and this strongly suggested that either portions of the original code had been damaged or that the portions were simply different by design , representing a different ( older or newer ) version of the code .
He used his decompilation tools to examine the entire section of application code he could reconstruct and marked the regions which were different .
He then began to walk those sections of code .
Sure enough the code was different , and very oddly so .
The code dumped from the rover included function calls referring to a device accessed via the VME interface ( similar to a computer ’s PCI slot ) which Rich did not know about .
Chapter 2 : The Mystery Device
You work on a project like this and there is little about it which remains unfamiliar , so the apparent discovery of a device you did n’t know was on board gets your attention .
Rich ’s initial assumption was that this was entirely benign , he was sure it was a piece of vestigial code meant to connect to a device which the science or engineering teams had decided post software spec could n’t go to Mars .
And despite best efforts , old code can sometimes reappear in deployed software .
As separate developers merge their own changes back into a source tree , things can creep back in .
If the leftover and unused code caused no problems in testing , then likely no one would notice and the code would be deployed .
Rich checked the source code repository for any sign of this code in that application , in any earlier versions .
Nothing .
He then looked at the application ’s stack from the RAM dump and found evidence that several of the mysterious functions had actually been called .
This code was not vestigial ; there was assuredly some device on the VME bus with which the code was interacting .
As he examined the decompiled code from Spirit , the decompiled official terrestrial EEPROM code , and the official checked - in source which compiled to the EEPROM he began to piece together how this code appeared to be used .
It looked as if this code was executed when the telecom package was instructed to transmit data back to Earth .
The raw , experimental data files on flash memory would be passed to this mystery code where they would then be sent to this mystery device .
The image data from flash appeared to first be re-processed by the ICER ( MER ’s image compression ) library to drop the resolution before going to the mystery device ; the images passed to the device were akin to thumbnails of the originals .
This is where I got involved .
Rich and I had worked together quite a few times , and we ’d even talked about opening up our own consulting business back in the dotcom days , when a private space race first seemed a possibility .
He wanted me to confirm that what he was seeing was real , and he knew if I was able to show him it was n’t I ’d do so without the harsh judgment that can make reaching out to others tricky .
Years earlier he ’d confided to me a UFO sighting he experienced while camping in Joshua Tree National Park .
He did n’t know what to make of the experience , and neither did I .
I do n’t personally believe or have any knowledge that suggests UFOs are alien in origin , but neither do I have reason to disbelieve the very genuinely related and seemingly conventionally inexplicable experiences of a handful of friends and relatives .
Maybe they were hallucinating , maybe they were mistaking natural phenomena , maybe they were mistaking civilian or military craft , maybe they were making up the story for attention , or maybe there were aliens operating the UFOs .
I had no ability to know which was the case , and in the absence of sufficient evidence , I never felt the need to pick a pony in that race .
So when he called me in , it made emotional sense to me .
He was vague on the phone , just asked me to come over , told me he was looking through the rover dump and wanted a second opinion .
His tone betrayed some of his excitement .
I got to his house on that Sunday around 7 pm .
He related to me roughly the story above .
I spent the next four hours having him walk me through each step , from the dump parsing through the EEPROM app signature generation and matching , to the discovery of the variant telecom code , to the isolation of the suspect functions , to the evidence of those functions being called , and on to what those functions appeared to do when called .
I could find no break in the chain of his reasoning , every link was sound .
We were both pretty excited at this point , a mixture of the esoteric delight in knowing that we knew something few others did about a vehicle on another plane and the nervous knowledge that we likely were n’t meant to know this , and knowledge has had a cost all the way back to the Apple ; we heard the whisper of the snake , and pressed on .
He wanted to gather as much information as we could before he headed back in the next day .
He was as yet undecided on whether he ’d bring this up at the first SOWG meeting the next day , or whether this was better left unremarked .
He wanted to make as much progress as possible that night , in the hopes that his decision the next day would be clear .
We were sure the mystery device was a radio , the code required it to be .
But the fundamental question on the table was , why was this mystery radio there , and what kind of radio was it ?
We could n’t interrogate it directly and we ’d exhausted what the code we had available could tell us , we were left with trying to logically argue what outputs made sense given its inputs .
We considered many possibilities and hit upon two that seemed within the realm of possibility .
Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter ( MRO ) arrived on the Mars scene in the spring of 2006 , two and some years after Spirit touched down .
The MRO had a new UHF radio package called Electra , more capable than what Mars Odyssey offered .
Perhaps the rovers had been given a VME card which would allow them to take advantage of the increased bandwidth Electra would offer ?
This seemed like such a promising possibility , it could explain why the code had hooks where it did and why the system was n’t well known .
Such a device in the rovers would likely never be used , as the rovers were n’t expected to live long enough to see the MRO .
Even if the rovers were still around , changes to Electra between MER launches and MRO orbital insertion might mean this device was outdated and unusable .
Electra was engineered to benefit Mars missions ; legacy support might be highly desirable but not likely mission critical .
But the more we looked at this , the most likely candidate , the less sense it made .
Electra had in fact been used with MER , but so far as we knew only with the standard telecom package , and only for tests .
If Electra was now being used via some new device why had n’t we been alerted ?
Why was the code we looked at hard coded to send lower resolution thumbnails of the rover images ?
Downlink via relay requires the DSN and time on it is n’t lightly given .
Any test sending redundant data like experimental data and image thumbnails would be short - lived and this code was hard - coded ; it would have been active from the time of the last mobility flight software to the time of the next one .
Updates are rare , and everyone knows when they occur ; they cost up to two sols to implement , and generate considerable anxiety .
No such updates were recent enough to have this be merely a test .
Spirit would need to be broadcasting twice , once via the normal channel , and once via this alternate channel .
No regular downlinks via the normal channels were being missed , deviation from that norm would have been noticed and talked about .
With ongoing concerns about power levels and overheating , unnecessary and prolonged power drain which would result from the duplicate broadcasts would be noticed .
We could n’t entirely dismiss this possibility , since it was fit at least a few of the facts and all of our own prejudices .
But we began to look for further evidence to support or refute it .
And we considered the other likely explanation .
If the radio was n’t using the UHF antenna , then it was most likely using the HGA to reach earth directly .
This idea had a few powerful arguments in favor of it .
The bandwidth possible with the high gain antenna was much less than that via the UHF antenna , and we knew the data being sent was also much less .
Also , the dual transmissions could be explained as a safeguard , a redundancy .
Packet loss from one transmission ( via HGA or UHF ) could be filled in with the reduced resolution portions from the second HGA transmission .
But then we realized something that perhaps was most compelling from the human point of view .
Humans are impatient beings , and sending the second transmission with thumbnails either before or somehow coincident with the primary HGA signal would allow more time for decisions to be made in planning nextersol .
But if that was the case , who was receiving those images and experiment data ?
My colleague was sure no one he worked with was benefiting from it .
We tried to prove the case of a second HGA broadcast .
The first thing we did was try to compute the bandwidth this radio would be using , given what we knew about the data it would be sending .
Crude calculations showed it would need to handle about 25 kbps .
This was an important number because it was 50 % faster than what the rovers could do with their HGA , and less than 50 % of what it could do through the UHF to Odyssey .
It seemed unlikely they were primarily using a slower radio for the HGA , and only secondarily using this faster one .
Next we looked at power levels .
HGA transmission draws quite a bit of current , and power levels for the rovers are closely monitored ; a beam of sunlight ca n’t hit a panel nor a wheel disturb a single grain of Martian soil without it being recorded as fluctuations in the rover ’s power .
Admittedly hyperbole , but surely we might be able to estimate the power this mystery radio was drawing by looking at power logs across the rover ’s life .
My colleague had access to enough material that night to show that whatever current the additional transmission was requiring was minimal , within the margin of error , far below the levels of either UHF or HGA ( or even LGA ) .
It seemed to be a frequently used , medium bandwidth , ultra low power radio .
This seemed impossible , the power effectively determines the transmission distance , and at this power level , the radio would have effectively not been broadcasting .
We were about ready to go back to scratch and assume this was not broadcasting anything at all , perhaps it was performing some other minor function , perhaps it was obscure hardware image processing hardware for generating parity blocks used to add robustness to the images generated by the ICER library and triggered for some peculiar reason via the telecom code just as transmission is occurring .
But we did n’t abandon our radio hypothesis just yet , could n’t abandon our gut feeling that this was really a radio and that the most practical reason for it being there was to get a limited but useful set of sol data to ground before or in lieu of the full set .
It was roughly 4 A.M. when we gave up for the night .
My colleague decided not to bring any of this up at SOWG .
He and I would regroup the next day after work and with clearer heads see what we thought , and what we thought we could do about it .
Chapter 3 : Looking for a Receiver
Between breaks at work he used his access to follow up on our line of reasoning .
If it was a radio and if it was transmitting , DSN had to be involved .
He saw nothing to suggest that was the case .
If it was a radio and it was transmitting , one would expect something to be receiving .
How could he find who was receiving ?
Finding the receiving radio or signal directly would be almost impossible , but he realized he might be able to find evidence of what was received .
He knew what the code had been doing to Spirit ’s images , so on earth he recreated the function calls to ICER and applied the same transformations on about 100 Spirit images randomly picked from across recent months .
If he could find any of these recreated thumbnails on any computers he had access to , he had almost assuredly proven there had been a receiver , and likely would be able to determine who it was .
The image transformations used to make the thumbnails were so specific that they could be considered unique .
By mid-afternoon he ’d generated the thumbnails and their corresponding md5 hashes .
He now wrote a small application to scan specified directories and their sub - directories for those thumbnails , based on their unique signatures , their “ hashes ” .
He was able to integrate this code with something he ’d written a year before to help with forensic analysis of common Windows and UNIX file systems .
He would be able to search for matches amongst even some deleted files .
Viability of reading deleted files depends on whether the space the deleted files used has been needed and reused by new files .
Just an hour or so before the end of his he got a version of his app compiled for the different target computers he would check .
He had been given unofficial sudo ( admin ) access to a few key systems ( when he was troubleshooting problems for people ) , as well as the other systems he had normal user access to ; these included some of the NAIF and FLTOPS servers .
The jobs would take hours to complete .
He left for the day , the jobs still running .
We ended up not meeting that night .
We were both wiped from the lack of sleep the night before , and his avenue of investigation was better than anything I had in mind .
The next morning I got a call just after 7:00 A.M.
One of his jobs , run on one of the servers used to receive downlink imagery before distribution to the teams had gotten six hits .
The hits he got were all deleted files , in a temp directory under the home directory of a user he was n’t familiar with .
His sudo access on that computer was what allowed him to find the deleted files , and what allowed him to research the account .
Items in the home directory and the user ’s shell history pretty conclusively showed the account was owned by someone in JPL ’s Quantum Sciences and Technology Group .
We now had a bizarrely intriguing who , but the why remained wholly untouched .
I could barely focus on my own tasks all day .
We would meet up that evening , he was going to quietly recover what he could from that directory and we ’d go over his findings .
I left a little early , and so did he .
We met at his place , straight out of work .
He sat at his computer , and I sat next to him with my laptop .
He copied the data he ’d archived from his thumb drive .
Then he gave it to me and I did the same .
He had copied much of what was under that user ’s account as well as another account which was part of the same user group .
He had recovered quite a few deleted files ( though many were just usable as file meta data ) under the original account .
Most of the recovered files were in the same directory , apparently some sort of temporary staging directory .
Those files were consistent with the thumbnail imagery , many of them matched the signatures he ’d generated and others we could visually confirm were the same exact transformations of rover images , but these were ones he had not transformed for comparison .
I felt somewhat uncomfortable with what we were doing .
Up until the point where he had run his jobs and used unauthorized access to scour file - systems and go into other user ’s directories , we had been overly curious but no one could fault us for anything we ’d actually done .
I could n’t fault him for what he ’d done , I likely would have given in to the same temptation .
I was clearly a willing accessory before , during , and after the fact .
Still , breaking the rules is not something I normally do , and I was deeply uncomfortable .
[ PART IV BEGINS HERE FOR THOSE WHO HAVE READ PARTS I THROUGH III . ]
Our primary goal for the evening was to find out what clues the files in the account might give up as to the mystery radio .
We decided to split up the workload .
I would look at the meta data associated with the matching recovered imagery to see what I could learn from it and he would look through the other files in the two user directories he copied to see what else might be worth looking at .
My task started simply enough by trying to figure out when these images were actually received .
If we could identify the moment they were received that might tell us a great deal about the method used to send them .
I began by building a list of the modification times of the deleted thumbnail images we ’d matched , then expanding to all the images we ’d recovered , and matching those backwards against other images from Spirit .
Aside from the modification timestamps , files on most file - systems also have access and creation timestamps but they are rarely useful ; they are either not preserved during most copy operations or their use makes them misleading .
Timestamps are themselves all stored in terms of UTC ( which is Greenwich Mean Time unadjusted for daylight savings time ) .
In theory if Server A received the image from a downlink at 12:34 UTC and these images were transferred to Server B and then on to Server C the modification timestamp should still read 12:34 UTC , the time the file was written to disk .
But in theory is not in practice .
It would all depend on how the images are being transferred between the servers and how inaccurate any / all of the the server ’s clocks were .
I knew not to expect too much .
Anything I would find would likely only be suggestive , and not conclusive .
Nonetheless , what I was looking to tease out of the data was an indication of whether the mystery radio downlink occurred before , after , or during the normal radio transmissions and perhaps an estimate about the bandwidth at which the data was received ( as indicated by the deltas of the write times and the known file sizes ) .
It was a matter of record when downlinks occurred .
We knew exactly when the DSN was receiving its transmissions from the rover , directly or via the orbiter ; log files unequivocally testified to that .
We knew from data contained in the traditional rover transmission what time it was in UTC when it began transmitting from Mars .
It was just a matter of comparing all these times and trying to explain what they showed .
The first thing I found was that the timestamps did correspond to the expected reception times via the DSN .
And the thumbnail hits we had were received within 25 minutes of when we knew the rover began broadcasting .
All of this was perfectly reasonable , Mars was far enough away that a radio signal would take almost 20 minutes to reach earth .
And I still had n’t ruled out server clocks being slightly off , or timestamp changes as the files made their way from reception to where we found them .
I could n’t directly rule out server clocks being off ; I did n’t know which servers might have been involved , and I likely would n’t have had access to them to check their clocks .
I did notice something interesting about the deltas between the mystery thumbnails .
Interpolating from the sequence number of the images , the differences in their timestamps , and the file sizes , it looked like the data was being received at about 30 kbps .
That number was significant because it roughly fit our expectation of 25 kbps ; which was faster than rover ’s HGA direct to earth rate , and much slower than its orbiter to earth rate .
What was most significant was that it led credence to the idea that the timestamps were the originals , and had not been changed since initially written to disk by whatever was receiving them .
I say this because no link in the networks connecting the DSN to the ultimate resting place of these images was 30 kbps , and no image decoding or transformation software that would have operated on the images and possibly changed the timestamps would have operated on them at so slow a rate .
The only plausible explanation was that the timestamps were the original timestamps .
Things got more interesting when I looked at the bandwidth interpolation I ’d made and carried it backwards to estimate when the first image of the mystery transmission would have been received , after adjusting for rover status and science data .
The first mystery thumbnail hit was received roughly 25 minutes after when the rover would have likely begun to broadcast it .
But what I had n’t initially realized was that it would have taken some time to send out the other data and images ahead of it in the queue .
As I drew the line on my graph out , it crossed at roughly the t=0 mark , meaning that the first bit of data transmitted would have been received very soon after the rover could have begun transmitting , certainly far sooner than the distance from Mars would have allowed .
Clearly some piece of data I had was wrong ; the time might be wrong , my bandwidth estimate might be wrong , the transmission and reception times I had found might have been wrong , or our reading of the rover ’s mystery radio code had been wrong about the simultaneity of transmission .
I ’d hit a road block , I did n’t have the information or access I needed to do more .
While I had been working this timestamp data and looking up and reviewing transmission and reception times , Rich had decompiled and analyzed some executables he ’d found in the user directory that held the deleted mystery thumbnails .
I told him my situation .
I was stuck , and I must have made a mistake .
He stopped , paused a second or two , turned to me and said , “ What do you know about entangled particles ? ” he asked .
“ No ! ” I said , my eyes wide .
Chapter 4 : Faster Than Light
Quantum mechanics is profoundly weird stuff .
Anyone who claims to understand it completely is a liar , and I ’m no liar .
My level of knowledge come from a few upper level college courses , what I ’ve read or kept up with in popular books , magazines , and the pseudo - information presented in sci - fi shows .
I know just enough to impress people at cocktail parties while saying little so wrong as to incense an actual expert who might be listening .
Entangled particles are usually spoken about in the context of what ’s called quantum teleportation , also known as entanglement - assisted teleportation .
It ’s beyond my abilities and free time to try to badly explain quantum mechanics , so I urge anyone who does n’t know anything about it to read a one page “ How Stuff Works ” or Wikipedia page on the topic before continuing .
Two particles can have their quantum states entangled such that a change to the quantum state of one creates an instantaneous change in the other .
But if conventionally accepted quantum mechanics is to be believed , the word instantaneous in the previous sentence is grossly misleading .
While the quantum state is instantaneously transmitted , most in modern physics believe that you cannot actually read the information being passed via the quantum states without decoding it using information which can only be conveyed via another non-instantaneous ( light speed limited ) channel .
It ’s a bizarre paradox ; the information is instantly there at some remote location , but not instantly interpretable .
Conventionally accepted quantum physics would seem to put the kibosh on using quantum teleportation to transmit data faster than light .
But what if the conventional thinking was wrong ?
This is what I knew of entangled particles when Rich asked me the question .
I knew just enough to recognize the significance of his question , with equal parts excitement and revulsion .
Believing in faster than light communication via entangled particles was held by most scientists to be roughly as close to lunacy as believing in Bigfoot ; it was to invite the scrutiny and derision of your peers .
I was n’t comfortable with that .
On the other hand , if entangled particles were at play , the world had suddenly become vastly more interesting , even if my cowardice or discretion meant I would choose never to let anyone else in on what I thought I knew .
“ I know . ” he said , seeing in my face the desire that this possibility should instantly be disproved .
“ But look at this , I ’m looking through some of the binaries in this directory and look at what ’s in their strings table . ”
When source code is compiled to make executable binaries the original high level programming language ( frequently in aerospace this language is “ C ” ) is converted into machine language .
During this conversion all the original , readable source code goes away .
But any text within that source code that is n’t itself code or equatable is left undisturbed , aggregated together in something often called a strings table .
These individual pieces of text are strings in computer parlance , and they represent things like text for dialog boxes , server names , website addresses , external function or library names , file names , etc .
I peered over his shoulder and between all the normal context - less random drivel of strings meant for dialogs or common library references were suggestive words like , “ quantum ” , “ entangle ” , “ superpos ” , “ qubit ” , “ superdense ” .
These were all words that clearly fit within the quantum teleportation lexicon .
For example , a qubit is a quantum bit , that is a 0 or 1 stored via a particle ’s quantum state rather than on magnetic media or on traditional memory .
I asked , “ Do you know of any legitimate quantum teleportation research suggesting faster than light is possible ?
Sure the state changes instantaneously , but from all I read you ca n’t convert the qubit back into the bit without classical data delivered at light speed . ”
He responded , “ That ’s been my understanding .
But , does n’t mean I have n’t missed something .
It ’s been years since I studied it .
I know there ’s been a lot of recent experiments .
They ’ve been able to separate entangled particles by miles now .
I even read about plans for an experiment to emit an entangled particle via a laser aimed at a satellite , and then they ’d read the quantum state on the satellite after altering its twin on Earth .
Maybe they found a new way to read the qubits . ”
We were tired , and I knew I did n’t feel up to the task of trying to mount an attack on any generally accepted laws of quantum mechanics .
Instead we spent the next few hours doing the only thing we could , we created some monitoring code based in part on his previous thumbnail hash checking code .
This new code could monitor the account where he ’d found the deleted mystery thumbnails and the mysterious executables and it would do three things : watch for jobs run by that user , watch for network connections made by jobs run by that user , and watch for files created within that user ’s home directory ( or any of its sub - directories ) , including the folder where the previous images had been recovered .
All activity would be logged with timestamps , and where possible secret duplicates of files would be made .
And when something happened , it would notify Rich .
He uploaded and started the process , I headed home .
Chapter 5 : This Was n’t Schrodinger ’s Cat
It was just after three in the morning on February 11th , 2009 .
In just under six hours Earth would rise above the Martian horizon and the HGA would be in LOS with the DSN .
If the telecom code was going to trigger the simultaneous mystery radio ’s transmissions , that would be the next opportunity .
The exhaustion of the last few days caught up with me and I slept soundly through the rest of the night .
Unrelated to all this mystery , I had actually the prior week arranged to take the day off .
The car needed servicing , the cat had a vet appointment , and my son had been waiting for weeks for me to take a look at his broken gaming PC .
I woke up at 8:30 am and made it to the vet ’s for the 9:00 am appointment .
I was anxious .
Earthrise would occur at 9:03 am , and within five minutes of that Spirit would be high enough in the Martian sky that it would begin transmission via the HGA and possibly the mystery radio .
I was sitting in the examination room with my cat waiting for the vet when the clock rolled over to 9:07 am .
My phone rang .
It was Rich .
The monitoring code had detected activity and notified him .
He began , “ The images are arriving !
I know the server they ’re coming from , and it ’s definitely one of the Quantum Sciences computers .
That ’s all I know so far .
We ’ve got a copy of the process which wrote the files , and they ’re still coming in , probably will be for a while .
Nothing ’s been deleted yet . ”
We talked for only a minute or two .
Rich agreed to encrypt the log and send it to me so I could look at it while I was stuck at the dealership .
If something else came up he ’d let me know .
The tedium of the vet visit was made far more unbearable than usual by the great desire to be exploring this mystery .
Once the cat got his prescription we headed on to the dealership .
I ’d be stuck there for the next two hours , sitting in their lounge , the cat beside me in his carrier .
I ’d brought my Asus Eee PC netbook , so I pulled it out and got online via my tethered phone .
Rich ’s email was waiting for me .
The subject , “ Very interesting dump file ” , with a body that said only , “ See what you think . ”
Rich is a security freak .
Most of what I ’ve learned has been a result of his paranoia , curiosity , coding , and resourcefulness .
I mean to one day share the approach he taught me for anonymously accessing the web .
I ’ve seen no more exhaustive approach described online .
He takes no shortcuts with security .
Maybe he could , maybe you ’d be almost as good , but you could n’t be better .
What he sent me really was a dump file , just as the subject of the message said , but it was a dump file with encrypted data hidden inside it .
He had made a little utility for inserting payloads into and removing payloads from otherwise legitimate dump files .
It would literally hide the payload so that it was a valid region of memory inside the dump file .
Dump and debugging utilities would see the dump files as entirely legitimate and they could be opened and investigated .
The encrypted regions would however not be meaningful to anyone without the decryption , but neither would they raise any flags either ; the encryption made them appear like random uninitialized regions of memory .
Rich is big into steganography , hiding data inside other data .
There ’s no better way to protect your secrets than by preventing people from knowing you have secrets .
I extracted the encrypted log file from the dump file , decrypted it , and sure enough the log appeared to confirm that the server was seeing these files added just a few minutes after Earth rise on Mars .
This was at almost the exact instant the HGA was scheduled to begin its transmission .
The delta between our script logging an image being added and the modification time of that image , apparently preserved from wherever it originated after being received from the DSN , was under a minute .
Other entries in the log file , indicating processes and servers involved I could do little about from the dealership ’s lounge .
The servers implicated were all recorded as private IPs , and from this netbook I had no access that would allow me to reverse them remotely .
But Rich had said at least one of them was operated by Quantum Sciences .
I spent the next hour doing the only thing I practically could , I read everything I could find about current opinions and experiments related to quantum teleportation and faster than light ( also known as superluminal ) communication .
It made for a very frustrating beginning to what would become a very frustrating afternoon .
I have a strong aversion to ambiguity , and I would have my fill .
I was able to confirm that most quantum physicists still believed the quantum state was instantaneously transferred but that the point was made moot by the inability to determine the transfer had occurred except via classical data communicated at light speed .
But as hard as I looked I could find no experiments which seemed to directly test this assumption , let alone prove it .
With my limited knowledge I could n’t even begin to suggest how one might construct such an experiment .
I did find quite a few arguments by scientists both professional and amateur that supported the possibility of superluminal data transfer not only by quantum entanglement but also by gravity waves , worm holes , higher dimensions , and a few other means .
Quite a vocal minority of scientists argued that the transactional interpretation of quantum mechanics , a fascinating attempt to reframe the understanding of quantum interactions as the interaction between forward - in - time and backward - in - time waves , suggested a means by which superluminal communication might be allowed ; it should be noted that the developer of the transactional interpretation of quantum mechanics did not himself believe this approach made any altered statements about the viability of superluminal communication .
One of the strongest arguments in favor of the possibility of faster than light communication I found was that while most scientists hold to the “ No - Communication Theorem ” that describes the impossibility of faster than light information transmission , some scientists argue that some experiments seem to show that the No-Communication Theorem is not a limiting factor in the speed of communicating information .
There may still be a limitation , but the No-Communication Theorem is n’t the explanation .
It was the first seemingly widely accepted glimmer of hope I ’d seen , it was n’t proof that it could be done , but it was one less rule which might forbid it .
The research continued throughout the rest of the day from the comforts of home , after an hour spent diagnosing my son ’s computer and replacing my son ’s sound card with a spare .
I found nothing conclusive on the superluminal front , just vague and hopeful belief on one side and dogmatic and disdainful disbelief on the other .
Chapter 6 : Sniffing the Qubits
I got to Rich ’s place about 8 pm .
He had nothing new to report , having spent the entire day playing catch up with his actual work .
He brought home his thumb drive with the data he ’d gathered .
He had the rest of the log he ’d sent me , the actual binaries of the processes the log had flagged , the server names he ’d gotten by reversing the logged server IPs , traceroutes to those servers , and the images / files created under the user ’s directory .
He copied the contents to his computer and then I to mine .
Our goal tonight was to try to understand where these images were coming from , and what they might be being used for .
The process which wrote the received images to disk had only one network connection , and that was , as Rich said , to a computer within JPL ’s Quantum Sciences and Technology Group .
It was n’t possible for us to tell to whom exactly the computer belonged or where it was physically located .
We did n’t have access to the routers required to trace the computer to an individual office , and we did n’t have access to the netops database that would tie the computer ’s assigned name to an individual owner .
That was as far as we could go on that issue for now .
Rich had decompiled and was examining the process which had written the mystery files .
The process itself looked simple enough , it acted as a server waiting on a port for a client to connect to it .
The only thing the server appeared to do was receive the files from the client and write them to disk .
There was an SSL library employed to ensure data transfer was encrypted , and there appeared to be some basic user account authentication , but the code looked so simple we could n’t quite understand why it had been done at all , rather than transferring the files using any of the standard secure UNIX command line utilities ( e.g. , scp or rsync over ssh ) ; we would never know why .
I simply looked over his shoulder and added as many insightful comments as I could .
Rich now turned his investigation towards a second executable process which had ultimately been responsible for deleting the mystery imagery after receiving connections from two computers within the internal network and after connecting to the same Quantum Sciences and Technology Group server involved in writing the files .
I tried to see what I could learn about these two new computers .
One appeared to a workstation in the Network Operations Control Center ( NOCC ) of the Space Flight Operations Facility ( SFOF ) , building 230 ; it ’s like Houston ’s Mission Control Center , the one you ’ve probably seen depicted in movies .
The other computer ’s name and traceroute did n’t betray anything about its location , other than it being assigned to MER and being somewhere in the same building .
Rich decompiled this second executable and we made sense of what the code did .
It did n’t take long for us to see that it was little more than a backend server acting in part as a remote photo gallery and data browser .
Clients could connect to it securely , they could view the photos , they could delete photos , they could perform some additional as yet unknown operations on the photos , and they could download the science data and rover status .
We were most curious about the nature of those additional unknown image operations , but we would n’t learn more until the next night .
We had learned about as much as we could with the information we had .
We needed more data .
We wanted to know exactly what communication was going on between this image server and the three computers with which it communicated .
We needed to eavesdrop , and a regular packet sniffer would n’t work .
The problem was that inbound and outbound connections were encrypted .
This is where Rich ’s deep security knowledge saved the day .
He proposed we execute a man - in - the - middle attack on the server , an approach by which you insert yourself between two parties just as they are about to introduce themselves , and then pretend to each party that you are the other , repeating everything the other person says to his intended recipient , word for word , while recording all of it .
The technical details are too complicated to get into here , and I ’d probably get them wrong , but the basic idea is that instead of a client connecting to the server it intends , it instead connects to a spoof server listening at the original address ( and port ) .
This spoof server then acts as a relay , connecting to the real server and passing data back and forth from client to server as though they were talking directly to each other .
All data is still encrypted for protection from the outside world , but this man - in - the - middle is able to read and record everything unencrypted .
The actual attack is brutally simple , the security used for the original client / server was the web standard , SSL , and he already had man - in - the - middle - attack code he ’d downloaded from some hacking site that would handle the grunt work involved .
He modified the original server binary to listen on a new port and set up the attack code to listen on the original port , passing the connections through and on to the original server at the new port .
He put this code in place , killed the original process , launched this modified version and the spoof server , and we called it a night .
Tomorrow we should have more data to go on .
I should note , Rich is forever proving his genius by his thoroughness .
One such example was that he put in a safeguard to try to protect us from detection .
There was always the chance , however slight , that the man - in - the - middle attack might in some way interfere with the client - server connections .
We could n’t test this , not having the client software we ’d need to conduct the tests .
If there was a problem the first thing most admins would do would be to restart the server .
If they restarted it and it continued to have problems , they would likely investigate , and that would be disastrous .
Our modification would be easily seen , and the change so inexplicable as to make the purpose instantly clear .
To protect us , Rich installed a script that would constantly check to make sure the server software was still running .
If anyone shut it down Rich ’s script would instantly kill our spoof server and restore their original binary .
This particular safe guard was n’t tripped , but there have been plenty of times when my work was salvaged by just such thoroughness on his part .
Martian days are a little longer than Earth days .
It would be about 40 minutes later on Earth when Spirit would see us rise above the Martian horizon .
So at about quarter to ten in the morning our man - in - the - middle attack began .
I got a simple text from Rich at a few minutes after ten .
“ we have data ” .
I was in meetings all morning so there was little I could do and no contact I could discretely make to see what he ’d found .
We met a few hours later for a quick lunch .
He ’d not had a chance to look hard at the data , he ’d only confirmed the conversations between computers were being recorded .
Work kept us both too busy to do any investigation during the day .
We could n’t get together that night .
It was agonizing , but the mystery would have to wait .
My wife had been complaining about my recent absence .
Rich was behind on one of his projects , and the next day , Friday was a big deadline , and he had to make it .
We agreed to get together Friday evening .
Chapter 7 : Analysis of a Packet Dump
I ’m not sure whether our luck could be considered good or bad on this particular Friday the 13th .
By the end of the day I would come to a completely new and profound emotional understanding of the scene in the Matrix where Neo has to make a choice about which pill he takes , which reality he chooses .
I realized with alarm how tempted I would be to take the blue pill , to just go back to life as I knew it .
I thought I was better than that .
The work day was uneventful .
I worked .
Rich had stayed at work late the night before , and he ’d met his deadline .
My wife and son were getting together with her sister and his cousins that evening , and I was able to make my way to Rich ’s by 8:00 pm .
The true beauty of the off - the - shelf man - in - the - middle attack code Rich had used is that it dumped all the network traffic in a standard format that many applications could read , the libpcap format .
We could easily explore the data with the open source packet sniffing software Wireshark .
What otherwise would be a messy conversation was not easily followed , searched , filtered , etc .
Conversations between clients and servers are not totally unlike human conversations ; though admittedly more like a conversation ordering a meal at a drive - through window than an existential conversation with a long time friend .
This conversation started with the server ( we began to call this server the “ data server ” ) acknowledging the client ’s ( we adopted the name “ data reviewer ” for this client ) connection .
The data reviewer introduced itself and supplied a username and password .
The data server acknowledged that the user was now logged in .
The data reviewer now requested the data corresponding to Spirit ’s current sol ( sol 1818 ) .
The rover can actually hold over a month ’s worth of limited data ( though this is not done ) , so the request was in terms of sol of transmission , not when the data ( imagery , science data , system data ) was collected .
The transmission was being made very early on the Martial morning of sol 1818 , the data being primarily collected on sol 1817 .
The server responded by sending the client an XML document listing what assets were available .
The imagery could include thumbnail imagery from each of the five on - board cameras ( forward and rear hazcams , navcam , pancam , and microscopic imager ) .
The client then requested and was given each asset in turn , the imagery , the science data , the system status .
In the midst of this conversation the server began another similar conversation with the second data reviewer we ’d logged .
A similar pattern was observed then in both clients , after receiving all the data from the data server each kept the connection idle for almost 4 - 5 minutes .
Then one of the data reviewers began to issue a series of commands .
There were a handful of “ REMOTE_DELETE [ ASSET ID ] ” , several “ REMOTE_TRANSFORM [ ASSET ID ] [ UNKNOWN BINARY DATA ] ” , and at the end of the conversation a “ DELETE_ALL ” , followed by a “ CLOSE ” .
A few interesting things occurred as a result of each command issued .
With each of the REMOTE commands , a connection was made to the Quantum Sciences Technology Group server we had concluded had sent the data to the data server ( via the separate process I mentioned earlier ) ; we called the server which had sent this data the “ radio server ” , since it was as close as we could get to whatever was receiving the signals fro the rover .
These connections from data server to radio server consisted only of relaying the REMOTE command sent to the data server , followed by the radio server confirming action with an ACK .
Possibly unrelated to these other REMOTE commands , we also saw the data server connect once to the radio server and issue a “ STATE ” command , which caused the radio server to respond with what looked to be a large chunk of compressed or encrypted data ; we would need to try to decrypt or decompress and investigate that data later .
The last thing we noticed was that almost immediately after the DELETE_ALL was received , all the data temporarily housed on the data server was deleted .
And when a data reviewer sent the CLOSE , they not surprisingly disconnected .
We captured all the credentials necessary to connect to data server and radio server , but connecting to them was a source of a anxiety , until and unless we felt confident that we could get the protocol exactly right .
If we got it even slightly wrong the servers would very likely log the event and might throw an exception that a developer may take notice of .
The credentials involved were n’t recognizable as names of people , so we still had no better sense of which people within JPL were involved .
The night ended with us investigating the STATUS response the radio server had sent .
The data was merely bzip2 compressed .
Rich already knew this , as the data began with “ BZh ” which are the magic bytes indicating bzip2 data .
I felt like an idiot for not immediately seeing this ; in my defense , I really was n’t at my best , I ’m notoriously dysfunctional when I ’m even slightly short on sleep , and these last days had been taxing me .
The status data turned out to be Spirit ’s status , a wide range of vital data including its health indicators , operational parameters , and predicted location .
Included in the data was a timestamp which seemed potentially interesting because it appeared to be from Spirit ’s internal clock , and the difference between this listed time and our local time was less than a minute .
Spirit was over 19 light minutes away .
And with that last discovery , just minutes before 1:00 am , we called it a night .
Tomorrow was Saturday and we ’d get together for a few hours in the afternoon to see where we went from here .
Chapter 8 : Testing Our Theory
I spent the morning and early afternoon doing family things , feeling frustratingly disconnected .
It seems such an unkindness to spend time with one person wanting to be somewhere else doing something else .
They were kind enough not to notice or at least say anything .
I suppose my distraction was nothing new , I was often absorbed in my work .
I was always dimly aware of it , and always tried in my own way to make up for it in moments where I was n’t distracted .
I made the same vow this time .
Rich and I met at a little later than expected , roughly 4:30 pm .
We only had about two hours free before each of us had important Valentine ’s Day obligations .
Every day seemed to bring new questions and few answers .
We were making new discoveries , but few seemed to resolve into some definite conclusion ; instead each mystery would lead down an avenue with a roadblock preventing us from further exploration .
We reviewed what we felt confident we knew .
Some mystery radio on Spirit was able to transmit to earth in a fraction of the time it would have taken for a radio signal to reach earth .
The radio had a modest bandwidth .
The data being transmitted by this radio included rover status , science data , and thumbnails of current imagery .
The data quickly made its way from radio server to data server where two data reviewers viewed the data , seemed to select some of these images for remote deletion , selected others for unknown transformations , and then deleted all the temporarily downloaded data .
A query sent to the radio server appeared to be able to request and almost immediately get ( at speeds faster than light ) a status report from the rover .
The most pressing of issues we might be able to make progress on related to confirming these status reports were indeed coming live Spirit , understanding the reason why some assets were being remotely deleted , and understanding what the transformations on those assets represented .
The first item we wanted to know about was whether or not the status messages from the radio server really represented the nearly real - time status of the rover .
It seemed quite likely they were instead from an Earth - based service regurgitating information from time - delayed status reports .
We noticed that included in these status messages was information about the current sequence being executed by the rover .
If we could get a series of these status reports during a time when we knew the rover would be executing uplinked sequences we could subsequently compare the timings we observed with the data the rover would later downlink about the timing of its activity .
If the timings matched fairly closely , this would prove the status reports were in fact live and nearly instantaneously delivered from Spirit .
It was almost Martian noon at Spirit ’s location , and we were able to fairly quickly learn from RP preliminary reports what activities Spirit would be up to for the next few hours .
Now we just needed to write a job to capture the status reports .
Based on the protocol we recreated from the libcap dump , Rich and I wrote a little job that would connect to the radio server as though it was the data server ( and coming from the same IP ) , query status , collect the response , and disconnect .
We must have walked the code 15 times before feeling confident enough to actually run it , terrified we might screw up and be detected .
With nothing left to do , we ran the job .
To our great relief it appeared to work perfectly , dumping and unbzipping the data to standard io ( the screen ) .
Rich set up a job to run that code every 5 minutes , encrypting and storing the results for later review .
We broke for the day .
Rich would let that job run for the next 12 hours .
As a side note , Rich was once again careful , he included in the code a check to make sure before connecting to the radio server that there were no existing connections to it or to the data server from the data reviewers .
He did not wish to use up bandwidth they might notice was missing .
This did n’t guarantee someone else , somewhere else might not notice , particularly those operating the mystery radio itself .
But we could do nothing to protect ourselves on that front .
Sunday we were getting together at 5 pm to review what he ’d collected .
Rich was very religious , and he spent most of his Sundays involved in church related activities .
His religiousness was a perpetual fascination to me because we had similar views on almost every other social , scientific , philosophical issue .
On the issue of religion we were worlds apart .
I always suspected his devotion was a great coping and motivational mechanism ; it clearly brought a great deal to his life , but my own bias made it very hard for me to take his belief entirely seriously .
He held some fairly radically religious views which did n’t seem supported by the same scientific logic or even common sense that he applied in every other area of his life .
At any rate , I was never able to learn the exact nature of his full beliefs , let alone try to change them ( which would n’t have been my intent anyway ) .
It did n’t take long before we were able to convince ourselves that the status messages the radio server were supplying us truly were live and direct from Spirit .
The logged sequence execution times matched the sequence changes we ’d seen in the status , with timings that made it clear light speed was n’t delaying the data in the status messages .
Chapter 9 : Remote Control
We now turned our attention to the REMOTE commands issued by the data reviewer to the data server .
On the face of it previewing images via thumbnails and deleting those you do n’t like is not unusual .
Bandwidth was limited and not all images are worth sending to earth .
And while we could n’t tell what the remote transform operations did , it seemed plausible they might be used to adjust lighting , coloring , etc. to see if the images could be improved before delivery to Earth .
But what was peculiar about this arrangement is that we ’d seen nothing in the code that would seem to have allowed a remote delete or transform to have modified the images before they were actually transmitted .
In other words , the images would have already been en route to Earth or at least irrevocably committed to being sent to Earth at the time the remote delete or transform would be issued .
These commands would n’t have saved bandwidth .
This raised a peculiar possibility .
If the commands were not issued to save bandwidth , why were they sent ?
We knew the images for which the REMOTE_DELETE had been issued were not in the available image archive or even listed in the logs of images received , so how had they been removed ?
They would have needed to be intercepted after being received by DSN , and at that point , why bother ?
If there was something so obviously wrong with the construction of the image , as happens from time to time , why not just let the data team discover and disregard them as part of their EDR assembly from DSN .
And maybe that is what they were still doing , but then why all the mystery ?
We began to wonder specifically about the transforms .
There was no way we could decode the actual binary instruction passed with the transform command .
We did n’t have access to either the data reviewer software or the radio server software , so we had no code to decompile which might reveal what the data meant .
Presumably the data indicated a type of transformation to make and some parameters for the transformation requested , but we ’d never be able to tell just what without access we did n’t have .
That said , if they were indicating a type of transformation , we might be able to detect that by comparing the thumbnail to the EDR and looking for obvious changes , then looking for commonalities in the code being passed .
As we began to look through the EDRs for those which we knew had transforms requested , we noticed that all the transforms were requested on images for which the EDRs had missing data .
The wavelet - based ICER algorithm used on the rover to compress the Mars imagery controls for data errors by breaking each image up into many rectangular regions .
When data within that region is damaged that region cannot be rendered but other parts of the image still can .
These unrenderable regions appear as black rectangles in the EDR images ; often one image will contain many such unrenderable regions , forming larger black connected regions .
That is how ICER is supposed to work , but what made little sense to us was that the transforms were requested before the images arrived corrupted , so they could n’t represent an attempt to correct images which were n’t yet found to be corrupt .
The thumbnails were fine , the thumbnails had been made from the images stored in the rover ’s flash memory , so the original images must have been fine before transmission .
The only conclusion we could come to was that the transforms were causing the corruption .
Given what we had realized about the remote deletions , these corruptions must be introduced here on earth , not as the result of transient interference of the signal on their way to Earth .
The corruptions must be occurring after the signal was received by the DSN but before it was made generally available to the scientists or the archive .
Why would someone be trying to effectively remove data from these images ?
We stared at the related thumbnails for quite some time without seeing anything absolutely unusual ; one did have a mildly interesting rock that was obliterated by the artificially induced blackness , and another had a region of disrupted soil that seemed interesting .
Nothing , though , that appeared to us to be of particular scientific importance .
But , the thumbnails showed so much less detail than the originals that we began to feel that perhaps you would need to have known what you were looking for in order to have found anything in them .
Rich made a comment at the time that stuck with me , “ If you or I found an igneous rock in a field of sedimentary rocks , we ’d think nothing of it except to think , that rock looks mildly more interesting than the others .
But a geologist seeing that exact same scene would be able to read into it the unusual and perhaps unlikely history of that place . ”
Rich would leave his man - in - the - middle attack in place for several weeks , gathering more and more data .
And I will briefly jump ahead in time to say that we ultimately found evidence of a second transform .
We were able to work out that the first byte in the transform binary data was a type specifier indicating the kind of transform to perform .
All the original ones we ’d seen with the missing data were of the “ E ” type .
We began to call that type the “ error transform ” , since it seemed to introduce errors and began with the letter “ E ” .
The new type we found was identified by the letter “ M ” , and we began to call it the “ merge transform ” .
By comparing the mystery thumbnail to the EDRs ultimately archived we saw that this merge transform involved placing new image data on top of the original image , replacing or obscuring content .
The details of the discovery of this merge transform were interesting but will need to be withheld ; I have n’t thought of a way to tell that part of the story without hiding Rich ’s identify with implausible lies .
We ended that Sunday feeling confident that we were getting much closer to solving the mystery .
We felt if we could just collect enough data the nature of what was being censored would become obvious .
And perhaps the censors would become indirectly obvious as well , once we understood their motivation .
Letting the man - in - the - middle attack continue to run should have provided us the data we needed .
Meanwhile , we could continue to pursue the remaining mysteries by other means .
Chapter 10 : In Search of a Who and a Why
The mysteries that were important to us had shifted .
Initially I deeply wanted to know whether or not quantum teleportation was real , wanted to find proof that it was scientifically possible .
Now it hardly seemed to matter .
I had accepted that something was allowing faster than light communication and whether it was quantum teleportation or a fairy ’s pixie dust no longer seemed critical .
The issue of who was using this faster than light radio and why were they using it to apparently censor rover images , those were the only questions that seemed truly relevant any more .
We got nowhere finding a who by trying to tracing the radio server or data reviewers .
I tried narrowing down the location of the radio servers through traceroutes and comparing that with other servers I knew were operated by the Quantum Sciences and Technology Group , but all the computers were on the same network segment , and my tests proved fruitless .
Similarly , attempts to locate the exact computer acting as data reviewer within NOCC proved fruitless .
I did learn something puzzling about it , though .
I had an opportunity to be in the NOCC on non-MER business a few times with a laptop from the project I was working on .
On two of those occasions I was able to plug in to the network and discretely run my copy of Wireshark for a few minutes to capture network packets for later inspection .
I was interested in seeing if I could find any packets from the mysterious data reviewer ; not packets destined for the data server , but just unrelated packets to or from the data reviewer ’s IP .
Both times I did found packets from it .
But what struck me as very curious was that the packets in the first session originated from a different MAC ( network card ) address than in the second session .
It could have simply been that the IP was dynamically assigned and another computer had been assigned the IP , but that seemed unlikely .
Another possibility I considered was that perhaps the data reviewer was run from inside a virtual machine stored securely on a flash drive , and could thus be moved easily from computer to computer .
I was never able to find out which was the case .
We discovered something alarming about the other data reviewer .
Rich tried and was able to connect to the computer from which the connection had come , and was ultimately able to get root ( administrator access ) on it , having found a buffer overflow exploit that no one had bothered to patch ; the server itself appeared largely unused , and was running an OS that was at least 8 years out of date .
After a few minutes checking log files
Rich discovered that the data reviewer connection did not originate from this server , but was instead being relayed ( tunneled through this server via SSH ) .
The originating connection was from an IP block reserved for the Department of Defense .
A traceroute led to Arlington , Virginia , just outside Washington , DC .
The fact that someone at the DoD was involved in reviewing and possibly censoring images from Mars was profoundly strange .
Rich and I had still seen anything so anomalous in the thumbnails that we could explain why any of them would be of concern to anyone .
And while we knew there was talk of NASA and the DoD becoming increasingly friendly in support of a new space race , we had n’t imagined it had already happened , or that it would happen like this .
We were starting to get very spooked .
Every few days
Rich would give me updates on what the man - in - the - middle attack was collecting .
It was easy to stay on top of it because relatively few images were being deleted or transformed .
We ’d both take a look at the images independently , fail to see whatever the censors were seeing , and wonder what we were missing .
Some interesting features were being obliterated , but none in miniature seemed that interesting .
On a few occasions he and I would get together to review the images , and on a few occasions we did get into arguments , each of us at different times arguing that this or that feature was surely the offending element .
We would try to convince the other that this or that feature was suspicious , but never once were we both fully agreed on the same image .
It just never really seemed to us any more than pareidolia ; seeing shapes you recognize in clouds and other random data .
After some weeks of this slowed progress .
We ’d temporarily abandoned our fruitless search for a who .
We now focused only on the casual attempt to understand the why , as new censored images came in .
Chapter 11 : Suspicion Falls
Early one Monday morning I got a cryptic voice mail from Rich .
Rich usually gets into work before I ’m even awake .
When I woke I saw I missed his call ( my ringer had been off ) , and checked my messages .
Rick said nothing more than , “ Call me . ” but there was something in his tone that made me anxious .
I called him right back .
He said he could n’t talk , but that we needed to meet for lunch .
His tone sounded better , but a little forced .
At a little after 1 pm we met at one of our regular spots , President Two , a Thai place near JPL .
I was already seated when he approached looking a little worried .
“ Someone tampered with the server in my office late last night .
I got in this morning and it had rebooted .
I checked the logs and the entries stopped abruptly at a little after 2:00 am .
The server did n’t come back up until nearly 5:30 am .
I think they cloned my drive .
The server was moved , and one of the screws on the case was now cross - threaded .
I opened up the case and sure enough , I noticed someone had switched the power cables connected to the hard disk .
A few months ago I replaced that wonky power supply and by mistake I hooked the drive up to one of the shorter power leads .
I did n’t realize it until I was reassembling the case and had to stuff all the other cables back inside .
That power cable was stretched tight enough that it a pain in the ass to stuff in the cables , but I was in a hurry and figured I ’d fix it later .
But , I never did .
When I opened up the case today , one of the long cables was connected to the drive .
I checked with Mitchell and Oliver next door , before I realized my case had been opened , and both their desktops and the desktops their graduate students were using had been rebooted .
Initially I just assumed there had been a power issue in the building , but then I noticed that clock of mine was still telling the right time . ”
“ What could they have gotten ? ” I asked .
This was the server from which we ’d been connecting to the other servers .
He had taken plenty of precautions , including deleting entries in the log files of computers he connected to and misdirection by connecting via other shared servers using shared root accounts .
“ Nothing , I hope .
The real OS and file system is on the hidden and encrypted partition .
They ’ll just see a basic Linux install and a whole lot of unused disk space . ”
“ What about logs elsewhere ? ” I asked .
“ I was careful , but obviously someone had some reason to look at a bunch of computers on this segment of the network .
Maybe they looked at a routing table and found something cached that pointed suggestively back to this segment .
Maybe I missed a log , or forgot to delete something .
Am I just being paranoid here ?
Have you ever heard of ISAS sending netops or sysadmins to service our computers like this ?
I mean with no prior notice , and super early on a week day ? ”
“ I do n’t know .
If you ’re sure your case was opened and your drive disconnected then that seems like proof it was n’t them .
They definitely would n’t have done that .
I guess there ’s no way you can discretely inquire to ISAS ?
or maybe at least find out how many people ’s computers were involved ? ”
“ I asked a few other people down the hall , right before coming over here , and their computers had been rebooted , too .
No idea if their cases were opened or how long their computers had been down .
But from what they said , and the people I talked to , it ’s at least 10 people who were affected , probably at least a few more .
I did stop by Rodger ’s and his computer had n’t rebooted , and I remembered he is n’t on the same network segment , because last year when we had that router failure , I remember his connection was working fine . ”
“ So , what do we do now ? ” I asked .
“ Nothing . ” he replied .
“ Absolutely nothing .
Let ’s just see if anything comes of all this .
Maybe they ’ll make some announcement , or someone will say something .
Maybe I am just being paranoid .
Maybe it ’s part of some ISAS audit . ”
“ Maybe , but they would n’t have opened your case or touched your hard drive . ” I said .
“ I know . ” he said .
We left it there , and tried to distract ourselves with normal conversation for the rest of the meal .
I double checked my laptop when I got back from lunch and found no reboots .
I made absolutely sure that none of the mystery files or any tangentially related files I ’d created could be found .
They were all safely on my hidden , encrypted partition .
To be extra safe I ran a program that wipes slack space and deleted files .
Chapter 12 : Paranoia Runs Deep
For the next week we did nothing and said nothing about any of this stuff .
I was so paranoid and disturbed by Rich ’s experience that I even avoided viewing the new public Martian imagery , which I used to enjoy looking at during lunches at my desk .
I was afraid that somehow my particular pattern of clicking the images might act as unique fingerprint they ’d notice from the week before and suspicion might then lead them to me .
Nothing was announced about the reboots .
Nobody seemed to regard the matter with any interest .
Most of the machines affected had been Windows machines and I ’m guessing everyone dismissed the event as necessary sysadmin initiated patches , or perhaps some temporary localized power outage .
The following Monday was February 23rd .
I got in at my usual time .
Rich called me a few minutes after I got in .
He started , “ Mitchell ’s house was broken into while he and his wife were at work on Friday .
Someone broke in through his bedroom window on the first floor and made off with Mitchell ’s new laptop , his wife ’s laptop , an old laptop he kept in the living room for MAME , and two spindles of DVDs that contained backups of his laptops .
Mitchell said the cops took fingerprints and would check with the local pawn shops , but that he should n’t realistically expect any good news .
The police theory seemed to think it was a drug user or homeless person who broke in .
The thief ignored more valuable items in the house , including jewelry and cash on top of the dresser a few feet away from where the thief climbed in . ”
Rich was obviously viewing Mitchell ’s story through the paranoid lens of wondering if the same people who cloned all our computers now directed their suspicions fully on Mitchell and had stolen his computers in order to gather more evidence .
We were both deeply uncomfortable , not sure how much blame to accept or reject .
And we were terrified we ’d be next .
That night in a fit of anxiety I wiped the hidden partition that still held my copies of the items Rich had given me , as well as some of my own notes .
He still had the original data , and copies of some of my notes .
There was little point in my keeping these copies if it was just going to drive me crazy with worry .
I bumped into Mitchell later in the week as he was leaving a meeting and told him how sorry I was to hear about the robbery .
He said thanks , but said that by comparison the robbery was the better part of his week .
A project Mitchell had been championing for years , that had finally been approved for funding less than six months before , had just been unceremoniously canceled .
The reasons cited were cutbacks related to the economy and the belief that some of his project ’s mission goals could rolled into future ESA and JAXA missions .
It was a plausible explanation .
Budgets had shrunk , and ESA and JAXA had missions that might support some of the science his project was to do , but it was highly unusual for a project that had already been given its funding to be shut down in this way .
Within a few months Mitchell had retired .
The cancellation of this project effectively forced him out ; at his age , and with the opposition he now felt was working quietly against him , he knew there was nowhere left for his career to go .
He knew the best days were well behind him .
Rich and I felt awful .
We could n’t prove it , but we were deeply suspicious that Mitchell was being blamed for something we had done , that the message being sent to Mitchell had been intended for us .
We got the message , if indirectly .
Chapter 13 : The End
The next few weeks were terrible .
Rich and I had begun to talk less and less .
I think our guilt over Mitchell , combined with our unspoken belief that one or both of us was under the same umbrella of suspicion , made us feel very uncomfortable associating with each other .
So without even discussing it with Rich , I decided to leave JPL .
I left not long after Mitchell .
I saw that the best days of my career were also behind me , that forces within JPL , or perhaps just within myself , were going to prevent me from ever seeing my job or my work the same way .
And I no longer knew what our mission really was , no longer felt I knew who I was really working for .
I looked for a way to get out .
I lined up some private consulting gigs , and I gave my notice .
Life outside required readjustment , but it went smoothly enough .
I still interacted on a daily basis with many of the same types of people , if not the same people .
Everything was the same , yet everything was different ; such is life .
The awakening that began with the discoveries Rich and I made only intensified when I left JPL .
I became more and more interested in trying to understand what we ’d learned , more and more interested in revisiting older odd events that I ’d previously been too eager to dismiss .
And my research and exploration has brought me here , to publish my experience publicly , hoping that others may help fill in the gaps I can’t .
Because , since exiting NASA I realize my journey has only just begun .
What pieces of this puzzle do you have ?
© 2010 .
All Rights Reserved .
https://astroengineer.wordpress.com
Share this : Email
Facebook
Reddit
Twitter
Print
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Immigrant Rights March in Fresno editor [ at ] fresnoalliance.com )
Saturday May 1st , 2010 9:37 PM by Mike Rhodes
A march and rally in downtown Fresno in support of immigrant rights brought out over 2,000 people today ( May 1 ) .
Marchers demanded that President Obama & the U.S. Congress pass a Comprehensive and Humane Immigration Reform NOW !
They demanded an end to the persecution of Workers and Families !
The march and rally was organized by the May First Committee .
The march shut down much of downtown Fresno on Saturday afternoon .
Many Groups , including Peace Fresno , participated in the march and rally .
Peace Fresno president , Camille Russell spoke at the rally .
Ditch the Ordinary .
Embrace Adventure .
Accomplice The Show is Adventure Theater .
Our productions drop you into experiences that take place outside the theater and in the real world .
You ’ll meet characters , solve puzzles , have a few light drinks and snacks along the way , and of course , have lots of laughs !
I have mixed feelings about this .
When someone like Don Blankenship is the face of Massey Energy ( it 's not every day that people are calling for your CEO 's arrest on homicide charges ) , people pay a lot more attention to what they 're doing .
I 'd hope they 're not just going to look for a kinder , gentler version of the same management style .
Via Huffington Post :
The calls to oust Massey Energy Company Chairman and CEO Don Blankenship began in earnest Monday , with members of both the private and public sectors getting involved .
The CtW Investment Group sent a letter to Massey 's board of directors Monday afternoon demanding Blankenship 's resignation in the wake of the disastrous explosion at the company 's Upper Big Branch Mine in West Virginia .
CtW had previously warned the board that its minimal oversight over Blankenship 's regime exposed Massey and its shareholders to " unnecessary legal , regulatory , and reputational risks " -- apparently vindicated in that judgment , the investment group deems the Upper Big Branch disaster a " tragic consequence " of Blankenship 's " confrontational approach to regulatory compliance . "
He 's not fond of investigative reporters , either .
( Check out his reaction to an ABC News camera crew at about the one - minute mark in the above video . )
Earlier Monday , New York State Comptroller Thomas DiNapoli likewise called for Blankenship 's resignation .
And DiNapoli is no idle politico :
As the sole trustee of New York 's Common Retirement Fund , he has direct control over some 303,550 shares of Massey stock , valued at $ 14.1 million .
" Massey 's cavalier attitude toward risk and callous disregard for the safety of its employees has exacted a horrible cost on dozens of hard - working miners and their loved ones , " DiNapoli said in a statement .
" This tragedy was a failure both of risk management and effective board oversight .
Blankenship must step down and make room for more responsible leadership at Massey . "
Not Supported
Leave it to PPK to come out with a bold statement like , " CSS vendor prefixes considered harmful " .
Moreso ,
It ’s time to abolish all vendor prefixes .
They ’ve become solutions for which there is no problem , and they are actively harming web standards .
The problem is that they are necessary .
Look at Safari 's implementation of border - radius compared to the rest .
I still can't remember if it 's border - radius - topleft or border - top - left - radius .
If they had gone without the vendor prefix , they 'd be in quite the pickle .
Or worse yet , web developers would be .
The vendor prefix does two things :
It allows browser developers to test new functionality without fear of a changing spec .
It warns web developers that things are in flux .
In essence , a browser does not support a CSS feature until it drops the vendor prefix .
In essence , for border - radius , the only browsers to support it are Opera 10.50 and the upcoming Internet Explorer 9 .
Any other browser is just dipping their foot into the stream to test the waters .
As web developers , we make the choice to implement a design with or without vendor prefixes and their existence does not mean that we have to use them .
If you consider them harmful , as PPK does , then do n't use them .
Rest assured that eventually all browsers will eventually come around and your CSS will remain pristine .
But we 're an impatient bunch , we want to use the latest and greatest features that the browsers send our way .
The price for our impatience is a few extra lines of CSS .
Dealing with Backwards Compatibility
Sadly , as CSS gets more complex , even vendor prefixes can't save us from dealing with backwards compatibility .
I 've lamented previously on the multiple background specification and how a background declaration ends up being declared multiple times — and vendor prefixes are n't to blame .
This is a difficult problem to solve for browser developers and I do n't have any answers .
The other day on Twitter I commented on how I 'd love a size : 20 px 50 px ; shortcut for specifying width and height .
I said it knowing that it 's too late for this .
Every browser still needs a width and height declaration to be specified and we'd be left specifying width , height and size .
That is n't saving me any time or effort .
As browser developers continue to add new features to the CSS specification , we will continually and increasingly have to deal with the fallout of transition .
That fallout means vendor prefixes and repetitive declarations .
I predict we 'll see more CSS preprocessors like SASS that take a clean file and parses it for specific scenarios , saving us from these headache of vendor prefixes and background compatibility issues .
Either way , it 's a small price to pay .
Bishkek .
Noght of April , 9th .
Taxi drivers boosted prices to 500 dollars to the center of the city .
Curiously enough but mobile communication still works .
Only few cars in the streets , no places to pay for mobile communication , no internet , no public transport …
Three local Tv channels have been working for these days missing sometimes .
From hearsay two filling stations have been burnt , in fact only one car has suffered .
The city is full of rumors .
Buildings are postered with words : “ We are with people ” , crossed paper strips on the window glasses .
Near the stores are guards with white and red bandages .
The men are drinking .
White bandages mean “ we protect our property ” , red ones – “ people ’s bodyguards ” .
The city begins to awake .
The first trolleybus appears in the streets .
The central department store , burnt in accord with the newscast , is on its usual place unharmed sheeted all around .
A security manager is on his working place .
They have foreseen the events and with all the employees “ prepared ” the building for the worst .
They have already had sad experience in 2005 .
Nobody sleeps for the second night .
All the disturbance is close to the city center , looters are mostly the youth – 14 - 30 years old , unfortunately , having weapons .
They being drunk “ visited ” “ Arsenal ” stores .
It all began as a result of boosting utility services prices .
Now an average monthly salary here can be spent for monthly public services .
In the square in front of the parliament people are gathering .
They say they obey the Constitution now , they “ took an oath ” .
However people say there have n’t been any police in the street for these two days .
This man lives opposite to the Parliament house .
Most of all he was afraid of grenades …
They say looters got to the armored car as well when the riot police had left an ignition key inside .
They ran into the building .
An unlucky beauty salon .
This travel agency has already started working and even has clients .
Looters smashed in a door of an airline company office .
When they pray they sit .
A Chinese trading center has nearly burnt to the ground , the casino inside was a serious irritant .
A grocery nearby did n’t suffer and even starts to accept payment for the mobile communication , however , do not promise to enter soon .
Shop assistants joined hands and suppressing fear defended the store .
“ Narodny ” store was less lucky .
Public procurator ’s office .
In the still burning building there are looters with sacks gadding about .
Practically nothing remained untouched .
Even central heaters .
The public prosecutor ’s office ’ garage .
KG numbers had been taken away from all the cars but it did n’t save them .
A woman is buying chairs from boys for about 0,3 dollars – 10 rubles .
Fortunate finding .
Even burnt discs are being disassembled .
Behind the Parliament ’s fence .
The wounded are in four hospitals .
There are many stories about snipers …
They are all hired Balts …
The President ’s son Maxim was hated by people – his house was the one of the first harmed .
There is such a story about Maxim : once he came to a night club and ordered all guys to leave and girls to stay … nobody knows about the fate of those girls .
People come here like for an excursion .
His golden card ..
His photoalbum is for people ’s pleasure now .
A girl is digging out flowers , only at night here was a fir .
By the night aggression grows up .
Aggressors occupied the last vacant piece of the ground in Bishkek that belonged to the authorities .
Lists are made up , the ground is shared , they are ready to spend here day and night .
An armored column .
Looters capture arranged .
Bishkek is under control .
Tomorrow the world will forget about this country for another 5 years …
via ottenki-serogo
The NFL is going on the attack to protect its world famous shield logo from an upstart league that also encourages huge hits ... bong hits .
It 's all over the new " 420 Football League " -- a new " sport " in which teams compete by ripping a bong and then holding the " toke " for as long as they can .
The active players -- among them is rapper Ditch -- can advance the ball one yard for every second they hold their breath .
But back to the issue at hand ...
The NFL has sent a cease and desist letter to the owner of the league claiming his 420 FL logo looks a little too much like the NFL shield ... minus the marijuana leaves .
According to the letter , the 420 FL logo will " tarnish the image of the NFL ... and dilutes the strength and value of the NFL trademark . "
From Mop :
Crazy society !
Yet another kindergarten meets tragedy in Jiangsu Taixing !
3 children murdered
See title … Today , yet another kindergarten in Jiangsu Taizhou city Taixing country has met an attack by frenzied gangsters … at present , it is known that three innocent children have been attacked … casualties are unknown , police have already taken control of the scene …
I wo n’t say more because I am using a mobile phone … I will continue to report .
From Xinhua , NetEase , and Tiexue :
Hacking incident at Jiangsu Taixing kindergarten
At 9:40 on the morning of the 29th , an violent incident happened at the Taixing town center kindergarten in Taizhou City of Jiangsu province .
A man carrying a knife rushed into the campus and injured 31 people , including 28 children , 2 teachers , and 1 security guard , with 5 amongst them having serious injuries that are life threatening .
At present , the injured have been sent to the hospital to be saved .
The attacker was subdued at the scene .
Comments from Tiexue :
陆仁甲 :
It looks like children have become the best casualties when it comes to getting revenge against society …
鳳鶴 :
This kind of thing , happening once , can be said to be a random incident .
When it happens two and then three times in a row , it is time to find a deeper cause .
They ca n’t be all crazy , can they ?
China ’s international image is getting worse by the day !
The Olympics , the World Expo , indeed they allow the world to know China better .
Their good impressions of China are all gone .
All that is left is , trash covering the entire ground , noisy crowds , a disorderly public .
tangcan008 :
If you ’re going to kill , kill the corrupt officials , why attack children ?
[ He deserves to be ] immediately executed !
华刀 :
What ’s going on these days ?
Why all the anger against children ?
Did the children bother you somehow ?!
If you have the balls , go inside the anti-corruption bureau and government buildings and kill all of those corrupt officials who take up space and do nothing and the ordinary common people will defend you / seek leniency for you .
After all , you do n’t want to live any more , so what kind of act is this ?
meizhou :
Yesterday I saw news of someone entering a classroom to hack people in Zhanjiang [ Guangdong ] , and just after turning on my computer today there is yet another similar tragedy .
Just what ’s going on with China ?
营口大哥 :
Children are innocent so why attack children ?
I ’m reminded of that brother who killed six police officers in a row , now that ’s a true man .
深山十三狼 :
When attending kindergarten , one must be careful of being hacked by a 50 - year - old old man ;
When attending elementary / primary school , one must be careful of being hacked by a 40 - year - old in the prime of his life ;
When attending middle school , one must be careful of being hacked by a vengeful teacher ;
When attending university , one must be careful of being thrown off a building by a stranger … raising a child until they graduate from university , is seriously too difficult .
飘啊漂 :
Sigh , this is going to do it .
In the future , everyone can TMD no longer bother appealing to higher authorities [ petitioning , etc . ] …
[ and instead ] just directly go to schools …
Comments from KDS :
吹牛老爹 :
Ca n’t kill adults so can only kill a few children to vent anger .
If our lives are difficult , then do n’t expect your lives to be easy either .
轧色特弄 :
No matter what , children are still innocent ~
生有何欢 :
Since it was three people fighting one class , then it should n’t have been a random indiscriminate slaughter [ and was premeditated / planned ] .
If it was a vengeance killing and three people unable to kill adults coming to kill children , then it appears that the adults [ parents of the children ] must not be ordinary people [ and must be powerful people , like government officials ] .
However , why they wanted to kill this many people is a little incomprehensible , unless this entire class of children are all children of some [ government ] system .
Still , children are always innocent , and I hope they will rest in peace , and that if they reincarnate they will not come to this mysterious country again .
可可庄主 :
All of it started when those people in Beijing hailed Yang as a hero / knight .
南梦宫主人 :
In the past , those who were disadvantaged because society was unfair would all commit suicide .
Nowadays , it is felt that suicide does n’t attract enough attention , so it has changed to murdering others .
It is actually very easy to protect oneself from these kind of people .
As long as they have a tendency towards insanity , those who have recently met unfairness such as forced demolitions should have their freedom restricted .
According to China ’s present law , only if they have murdered someone can you arrest them , and this is not right .
This kind of person is just like a tiger , sooner or later it will eat a person , so they should be domesticated earlier .
DEXTER :
Having a child in today ’s China is extremely irresponsible , I regret it very much …
蛋云 :
I do n’t know the details [ but ]
it is almost the World Expo , everyone should stop paying too much attention to current affairs , protecting yourself is more important .
mycat486 :
We are all responsible , we are all murderers , it is our cowardice , giving into , tolerating , and conniving with this society .
chen100 :
The most annoying is precisely this kind of person , where any dog fart thing can be connected to freedom and equality .
America is free enough , equal enough , right ?
So why are there often people taking guns to school and opening fire ?
When that happens , how come you do n’t jump out and say Americans need to deeply reflect ?
飞天色猪 :
This is the price Americans must pay for freedom .
For why America ’s ordinary common people can carry guns / own guns while those in China cannot , I recommend a book :
《 近距离看美 国 》 [ “ Looking at America Closely ” ? ] , written by Lin Da , there are a total of four parts , but as for where it can be found I forgot .
Every time a bloody incident happens , Americans will deeply reflect , but why have n’t they forbidden owning / carrying guns ?
And what is the purpose of legal gun ownership ?
With the internet so developed , we know that the common people can own guns , and yet in America this kind of case does n’t happen all day .
If gun ownership were allowed in today ’s Heavenly Kingdom [ China ] , anyone can imagine what would happen .
Government agencies would probably become a daily scene of slaughter .
As you can see , there are some differing reports online .
The Buffalo Sabres are celebrating their 40th anniversary next season and Die by the Blade will take a look back through the history of the franchise throughout the summer .
One of the features will be a weekly feature entitled What If Wednesday .
A couple of months ago I read a book entitled " What If the Babe Had Kept His Red Sox ? " by Bill Gutman .
It inspired me to do this feature with a Buffalo Sabres flavor .
This is the second installment in the What If Wednesday 's feature .
It is a feature that is dedicated to the persistence of the Knox brothers in their pursuit of NHL hockey in Buffalo .
It 's almost impossible to imagine life without the Buffalo Sabres .
They have been a staple in Buffalo for my entire lifetime and I 'm guessing that holds true for many of you .
We have some readers that might be able to imagine Buffalo without the Sabres , back when the Buffalo Bisons played in the American Hockey League and called The Aud home .
Most of us know life with the Buffalo Sabres but we do n't know what Seymour and Norty Knox had to go through to get a team in Buffalo .
The Knox brothers first applied for an NHL expansion team in 1965 but they were denied and six other cities were awarded franchises .
Los Angeles , Minnesota , Philadelphia , Pittsburgh , St. Louis and Oakland ( yep that 's right Oakland ) were awarded franchises instead of Buffalo .
It was widely speculated that James Norris , then owner of the Toronto Maple Leafs , was the reason Buffalo was not awarded a franchise .
The reasons why Norris would not want a team in Buffalo were widely speculated but his ties to the arena in St. Louis were likely the biggest cause for the failure to secure a franchise .
Norris owned the franchise in St. Louis and they were awarded a franchise although they never actually applied according to this old SI article .
Imagine that , the city of Buffalo thinks they are getting a team but are denied while people in St. Louis were surprised to find out the NHL was coming to town .
The Knox brothers were very persistent and they would not give up until they brought hockey to Buffalo .
They next tried to lure the California Oakland Seals to Buffalo and they had an agreement in place to do just that .
Once again they were denied by the NHL , but once again they did not give up .
In 1969 the NHL finally awarded an expansion franchise to Buffalo and the Knox brothers .
Buffalo and Vancouver were both awarded franchises that would take the ice in 1970 , and after a naming contest , the Buffalo Sabres were born .
If the Knox brothers were not so persistent there might not be a NHL hockey team in Buffalo to this day .
Buffalo is a strong hockey market but not a strong financial market and it makes you wonder what the outcome would have been if the process was delayed any further .
Is it a stretch to think that Buffalo would still have an AHL franchise and no NHL team ?
While there is a chance the NHL could have kept Buffalo out forever , it is not likely they would have .
Buffalo is a perfect place for professional hockey because the proximity to Ontario , Canada .
If the Knox brothers had given up their dream to have hockey in Buffalo , somebody would have come in to pick up the pieces .
There would still be hockey in Buffalo and it would be NHL hockey .
Still makes you wonder what it would be like .
Luckily we do n't have to because Seymour and Norty were persistent in their attempt to bring hockey to Buffalo .
Because of their persistence we can talk about the 40 year history of the franchise from Gil Perreault and the French Connection flying down the ice , to the 1975 Stanley Cup Finals that featured an arena full of fog and Jim Lorentz knocking a bat out the air during the game , to famous " Mayday goal " , to no goal and the many more memories we have of our beloved Sabres .
If you have any ideas for topics on What if Wednesday 's fell free to e-mail me at diebytheblade at gmail dot com
When I first heard about April Davila ’s quest to live without Monsanto for a month , I thought she was doing something noble in a public setting .
But , would it really be that hard ?
As a locavore , I pride myself on purchasing my produce from farmer ’s markets , so could n’t she just do the same ?
When we decided to meet , I soon realized that my arrogant assumptions had enough hot air to heat a compost bin .
After many attempts to find a place to meet , we settled on having organic herbal tea at a local coffee shop .
She greeted me in her new wardrobe .
No , she ’s is n’t an Angeleno fashionista .
Rather , Monsanto owns most cotton seeds so she had to purchase clothes and shoes made from other sources .
April is plain and soft - spoken – I would n’t pick her to stand with a bull - horn outside of a McDonald ’s protest .
Despite her demeanor , her month without Monsanto was her own small but very impactful way of positively affecting our food system .
April was n’t a food activist before she saw Food , Inc .
She ’s a scientist , writer and mom who was a conscious food consumer but had n’t let it define her life .
After seeing the film , she started reading more about Monsanto and was disturbed by an article about the possible harmful kidney and liver effects of the company ’s genetically modified corn .
She decided to go Monsanto - free for a month after casually mentioning it to a friend who challenged her to do it ( and this friend was critical in helping her succeed as the volume of research became more than a full - time job ) .
April ’s life radically changed from shopping at farmer ’s markets and purchasing organic products at supermarkets to one where she was tracking the source of every seed of everything she ingested and wore .
She was caught flat footed when she began her journey as she did n’t realize the extent of the company ’s reach .
Her first few days consisted of wild fish and seaweed because she could n’t confirm anything about the company ( she nearly gave up at this point ) .
She learned that Monsanto controls many , many seeds ( and seed subsidiaries ) and even owns major organic seed companies ( e.g. Western Seed ) .
She switched to heirloom - only produce ( non-Monsanto ) and started contacting companies and their suppliers about their seed sources .
She received responses from CEOs who did their own research on their seed sources ( for example , Lundberg rice and certain Annie ’s macaroni and cheese were confirmed to be non-Monsanto ) .
Farmers might not be aware , even if they grow organic , because they order from seed distributors who do n’t list their sources .
Get the latest articles in your inbox .
It was n’t just that Monsanto owns most seeds .
April started to examine them through her scientific lens .
It turns out , not surprisingly , that some of their scientific evidence is questionable as they have paid off scientists .
It does n’t help either that former Monsanto executives are now part of the Food and Drug Administration , approving products .
Despite the volume of painstaking effort she went through to live Monsanto - free , there were rewards ( aside from the obvious Monsanto - free life she enjoyed ) .
She told me she “ had a moment of quiet bliss , while hosting a Nonsanto brunch .
. .
I looked down at a delicious spread and knew exactly where everything came from .
I knew the farmer and where he bought the seeds .
There were no mystery foods and I felt a great pride in that . ”
How did we get to the frightening point where one company is controlling most of what we eat ?
April says it ’s one word : convenience .
“ We are a nation addicted to convenience .
I am no exception .
Monsanto has thrived by supplying our addiction .
. . .
Our food system is about the quick and the easy because as consumers that is what we demand ( along with copious amounts of high fructose corn syrup ) . ”
April ’s personal challenge will stay with her .
She told me , “ it really seems like there is no definitive answer as to their safety and I ’m not willing to be Monsanto ’s test subject . ”
I do n’t want to be a test subject either .
This mom has made even people such as myself who proudly try to live up to the locavore label think twice .
If you want to join April in bucking the food system by saying no to one of convenient , genetically modified foods whose safety is dubious and happens to be controlled by a single company , she ’s already done much of the homework for you ( and will continue to do it through her blog ) .
Here are things we can each do .
It starts in the kitchen by cooking our own meals , knowing our food sources ( talk to your farmers and visit farmer ’s markets ) , ask companies –including organic ones–about their seed source and start planting your own heirloom seeds .
In our own way , we can each be a rebel who is helping to galvanize a movement that begins with each of us in our kitchens .
April is an unlikely trail blazer but this mom is helping to steer us on a better path for all of us .
Final round leaderboard :
-15 R McIlroy ( NI ) - 11 P Mickelson ( US ) - 10 A Cabrera ( Arg ) - 9 B de Jonge ( Zim ) - 8 B Van Pelt ( US ) - 7 R Fowler ( US )
Selected others : -6 P Harrington ( Ire ) , J Furyk ( US ) , A Kim ( US ) , B Mayfair ( US ) Level L Westwood ( Eng ) +1 R Fisher ( Eng ) McIlroy holes a 43 - putt on the 18th to the delight of the North Carolina crowd
Rory McIlroy shot a course record 62 at Quail Hollow to capture his first PGA title , and become the youngest winner on the Tour since Tiger Woods in 1996 .
The Northern Irishman , who turns 21 on Tuesday , carded an eagle at 15 and eight birdies in a 10 - under - par final round to win by four shots .
American Phil Mickelson finished second , a shot ahead of Angel Cabrera .
" I 'm delighted - I do n't think I 've ever played a better round in my life , " McIlroy said afterwards . " I 'm just so excited .
I got off to a pretty slow start this week and had to fight to make the cut and the weekend was just very , very special . "
To win at 20 is incredible .
He 's some kind of player
Phil Mickelson on McIlroy
He added : " I suppose I just got in the zone .
I did n't realise I was going eight , nine , 10 under par .
I just knew I 'd got my nose in front , I was just trying to stay there .
" Ever since I was 10 or 11 , I wanted to be a professional golfer and you know it 's been a crazy ride to this point .
" I 'm going to have a bit of a party on Tuesday night down in Sawgrass .
If I was back home and had a win like this I 'd be having a good one tonight . "
Ireland 's Padraig Harrington was joint seventh in North Carolina on six under after carding 68 , where he was joined by six others , including American duo Jim Furyk and Anthony Kim .
Zimbabwean Brendon de Jonge shot a superb six - under 66 to finish fourth , a shot ahead of American Bo van Pelt , who in turn ended a shot ahead of fellow countryman Rickie Fowler .
RORY McILROY FACTFILE 1989 : Born 4 May , Holywood , Northern Ireland 1991 : Hits a 40 - yard drive at the age of two .
1998 : Makes his first hole in one 2004 : Helps Europe win the Junior Ryder Cup 2007 : Opening round 68 , leading amateur at Open at Carnoustie 2008 : Youngest player to make world 's top 50 2009 : Ties for third at USPGA 2010 : First player since Tiger Woods to win on PGA Tour before 21st birthday
But the day was all about McIlroy , who capped his round with a superb 43 - foot birdie putt on the 18th .
He began the day four shots off the lead , held then by Billy Mayfair - who shot a final round four over 76 to drop out of contention - but caught fire midway through his opening nine holes .
After going to the turn in 32 , including a hat - trick of birdies from the seventh , McIlroy stormed clear of the field with a brilliant run of birdie - eagle - birdie from the 14th .
The highlight of his round was a stunning 207 - yard approach shot on the 15th which landed four feet from the flag , giving him the chance to convert a simple eagle putt .
He followed that with a mid-iron from a fairway bunker on the 16th to four feet for yet another birdie and , at that stage , a four - shot lead over Masters champion Mickelson .
He made par on the 17th and then capped a stunning day's work with the long putt on the 18th for a birdie .
Mickelson described McIlroy , who missed the cut in his two previous events , including the Masters at Augusta , as an " amazing talent " .
606 : DEBATE One Word FANTASTIC
tony
He added : " To win [ on the tour ] at 20 is incredible .
He 's some kind of player . "
McIlroy 's only previous tournament win as a professional came at last year 's Dubai Classic but Harrington predicted that he would now go from strength to strength as a result of his victory at Quail Hollow .
" There 's an awful lot of pressure on him , " said Harrington .
" When he plays in Europe he 's a big star and when you 're not winning , you 're not delivering , and it becomes a burden .
It 's amazing the difference when you get a win .
" He will be a lot more comfortable with who he is , a lot more patient . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
News , views and top stories in your inbox .
Do n't miss our must - read newsletter Sign up Thank you for subscribing
We have more newsletters
Show me See our privacy notice Invalid Email
A great - grandad was left shaken after he was bombarded with porn when he looked for help with a crossword clue on the internet .
Retired engineer Jack Sedgewick , 89 , typed “ Wild Asian ass ( 6 ) ” into a search engine and was given links to dozens of images of naked women .
Jack , from Basingstoke , Hants , clicked through a number of sites trying to find the answer but was stunned at the results .
He said : “ I have been left shaken by the whole experience .
I did not even know this sort of stuff existed . ”
Jack , who was at home with wife Hilda , 86 , finally found the answer , “ onager ” , by changing his search to “ donkey sanctuaries ” .
In 1690 , the Massachusetts Bay Colony became the first government in the Western world to issue paper money .
Some of the first counterfeiters of paper money followed soon after .
Within a generation , the authorities were engaged in a running battle against forgers , whom they tried to deter by various punishments : cropping their ears , for example , or hanging them .
Many colonial notes soon came with a pointed warning : " To counterfeit is DEATH . "
Last week , in a ceremony attended by Timothy Geithner and Ben Bernanke , government ...
AMANDA : Ugh , again ?
They put mayonnaise on my burger !
No matter how many times I tell them , always with the mayo !
ZANE : Did I hear a cry of distress ?
AMANDA : It was no big deal , really .
I was just going to ask for another .
Hey , you know that we all know you 're that psych professor , right ?
BILLY : You got glass in my fries !
Now 'm going to have to eat around it !
WARNING : Just thinking about eating these crazy food items may be hazardous to your health .
This list of horrific food concoctions contains the worst recorded abominations in food that have been made ( or forced upon the general public ) in recent memory .
It 's a collection of top food for those of us with perversely weird appetites .
What are the craziest things people have ever made out of food ?
From bacon mugs to sausage - wrapped Taco Bell , there is no shortage of crazy foods on this list of weird food ideas .
Remember , if you decide to actually eat one of these calorie monsters , you do so at your own risk .
Bon appetit !
Bagram prisoners ‘ moved around in wheelchairs with goggles and headphones on ’
The US military is operating a “ secret jail ” at an Afghan airbase where prisoners are deprived of sleep and “ made to dance ” by US troops whenever they want to use the toilet , a BBC report states .
The BBC interviewed nine people who say they were held at the facility , known as the “ black hole , ” at the site of the Bagram air base .
The prison appears to be separate from the main Bagram prison , which the US established after the 2001 invasion and which continues to be the target of human rights complaints .
ADVERTISEMENT
A man identified only as “ Mirwais ” who says he spent 24 days at the facility told the BBC that prisoners are routinely subjected to sleep deprivation .
“ I could not sleep , nobody could sleep because there was a machine that was making noise , ” said Mirwais .
“ There was a small camera in my cell , and if you were sleeping they ’d come in and disturb you . ”
“ Mirwais said he was made to dance to music by American soldiers every time he wanted to use the toilet , ” the BBC reports .
Witnesses said the lights were kept on in their cells at all times ; that the Red Cross had no access to the facility ; and most had been beaten by US troops before they were brought there .
The BBC report does not address under what circumstances the witnesses found themselves there , or whether any of them were insurgents .
This is not the first time that allegations have been made of a secret facility at Bagram .
Last November , Raw Story reported on claims of a secret site at Bagram that was still in operation as of late last year , apparently in contravention of President Obama ’s order , upon taking office , to shut down the CIA ’s “ black sites ” around the world .
ADVERTISEMENT
Three people claiming to be former inmates of the facility told the New York Times “ of being held for months after the intensive interrogations were over without being told why .
One detainee said he remained at the Bagram prison complex for two years and four months ; another was held for 10 months total . ”
The secret site appears to be separate from the main prison facility at Bagram , which itself has been the target of complaints from human rights activists .
Unlike the Guantanamo Bay facility , prisoners at Bagram are n’t given access to lawyers .
“ To this date , no prisoner has ever seen a lawyer in Bagram , ” lawyer Tina Foster told the BBC .
ADVERTISEMENT
The news organization was given a rare peek inside the main Bagram prison complex , a new facility that replaced an aging one earlier this year :
In the new jail , prisoners were being moved around in wheelchairs with goggles and headphones on .
The goggles were blacked out , and the purpose of the headphones was to block out all sound .
Each prisoner was handcuffed and had their legs shackled .
Prisoners are kept in 56 cells , which the prisoners refer to as “ cages ” .
The front of the cells are made of mesh , the ceiling is clear , and the other three walls are solid .
Guards can see down into the cells above .
The BBC was told by the military to wear protective eye glasses whilst walking past the mesh cells as prisoners sometimes throw excrement or semen at the guards .
ADVERTISEMENT
Faced with a lawsuit from the ACLU , the US military earlier this year released a long - secret list of prisoners at Bagram .
The list showed some 645 prisoners being held at the facility , but the BBC now reports that number to be closer to 800 , thanks to an increase in prisoner intake likely linked to the increased military effort in Afghanistan in recent months .
“ The US military itself has admitted that about 80 % of those at Bagram are probably not hardened terrorists , ” the BBC reports .
In March , the Times of London reported that the Bagram facility could be expanded and used as a replacement for the Guantanamo Bay detention center .
The idea is “ being considered as US officials try to find an alternative to GuantÃ ƒ Â¡namo Bay , ” the Times said .
ADVERTISEMENT
Last year , former CBS anchorman Dan Rather said “ there is a school of thought ” that Bagram is already replacing Guantanamo as the site where terrorist suspects from around the world are to be held .
“ Some of the contentions that were made about Guantanamo are starting to be made about Bagram , ” Rather told MSNBC ’s Rachel Maddow .
“ The critical thing is , there is no transparency .
Ã¢â‚¬Â
This work by Paul R. Potts is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution - Noncommercial - Share Alike 3.0 United States License .
If you have suffered an injury on the job , life can become overwhelming .
The frustration of dealing with employers and insurance companies can add to the stress and pain of the injury .
Workers ’ compensation benefits are supposed to provide you with medical care and money benefits when you are injured on the job , but obtaining these benefits is not easy , and staying above water while your claim is pending can seem like a daunting task .
You need an experienced local workers ’ compensation lawyer on your side to guide you through the process and assure that you get the best possible outcome from your claim .
We promise to fight for you and give you the respect you deserve .
At the Barnett Law Firm , we understand the struggles you will go through while attempting to get workers ’ comp benefits .
Attorney Hank Barnett has been handling workers ’ compensation cases for more than 25 years and has helped hundreds of injured workers in the state of Georgia .
Our Workers ' Compensation FAQs will provide you with information about qualifying for benefits , filing claims , getting medication treatment , the appeals process , and much more .
You can find answers to your questions about qualifying for benefits , filing claims , getting medical treatment , the appeals process and many more workers ’ compensation questions .
Georgia Workers ' Compensation
Attorney Hank Barnett
A general strike today shut down much of Nepal as communist activists intensified their pressure on the prime minister to resign .
Thousands of Maoist supporters were on the streets of the capital , Kathmandu , to ensure that shops remained closed and buses were not operating amid fears that Nepal would descend again into civil strife .
Few vehicles were about and people were forced to walk to their destinations .
The international airport remained open .
The government provided foreign tourists with free shuttle buses from the airport to their hotels .
Tens of thousands of Maoist supporters poured into the capital from the countryside for a rally to demandthe dissolution of a cabinet propped up by an alliance of 22 parties .
As thousands of police in riot gear watched today ' sprotesters , there were scattered reports of vandalism against vehicles and shops that defied the strike .
A Maoist coordinating the protests in Kathmandu said the protesters were prepared to shut down the country for days until their demands were met .
" We are protesting peacefully .
But if the authorities try to provoke us in any ways we are ready and prepared to retaliate , " said Chandra Bahadur Thapa .
Karin Landgren , chief of UN 's peace mission in Nepal , said she met Maoists leaders to appeal for a peaceful resolution to the crisis .
The US embassy in Kathmandu issued a statement that appealed for the parties to exercise restraint and work toward consensus .
Travel advice from the Foreign Office warned that political tensions in Nepal are currently high .
In 2006 , the Maoists agreed to end a decade - old insurgency that left more than 13,000 people dead and went on to lead a coalition in 2008 after a surprise win in the election for a constituent assembly .
But the coalition collapsed this time last year , when the Maoists , who have the largest party in parliament , walked out of the government after their failure to get the head of the army dismissed .
The prime minister , Madhav Kumar , has refused to bow down to Maoist pressure .
" One should not resign from the government in the midst of confusion ... government changes can be made through constitutional and parliamentary procedures and not from the streets , " he said .
The constituent assembly is unlikely to meet its deadline target of drafting a new constitution by 28 May 28 and the deadline cannot be extended without the support of the Maoists , who hold about 40 % of the assembly 's 601 seats .
Analysts say consensus has steadily given way to a polarisation that has fed the more hardline elements on both sides .
At the time of the fall of the Maoist - led government , the International Crisis Groupthinktank warned : " Only concerted efforts to re-establish a minimal working consensus and a national unity government including the Maoists can avert the likelihood of a more dangerous erosion of trust .
" Strong international backing , with India eschewing short - term interference in favour of longer - term guardianship of the process it itself initiated , will be essential . "
Two systems developed independently promise to make the holodeck more feasible , by creating the illusion of unlimited space and simulating different kinds of surfaces , respectively .
Star Trek ’s Holodeck simulated practically any imaginable environment .
It used realistic holograms — the kind you could touch , talk to , eat , or even sleep with — to create the most immersive entertainment ever .
Normally , a holodeck room would be large , but not spacious enough to allow the user to run for say , a hundred meters without any special kind of technology .
That ’s where the first system comes in .
The Cyberwalk is basically a two - way treadmill , the result of a Italian - German collaboration .
An array of small treadmills are all attached to a larger one , providing continuous movement into two dimensions .
It ’s currently used to let virtual reality ( VR ) users walk any which way , with computers tracking the user ’s movement and adjusting the speed of the belts to keep him in the middle .
The Holodeck is also capable of simulating any locale stored in the massive historical record of Starfleet .
Different areas call for different surfaces , which is where haptic floor tiling comes in .
This system , under development at McGill University in Canada , is primarily a malleable plate mounted on a platform , with sensors for detecting the user feet in between .
The secret sauce ?
Using vibrations to simulate the feel of different surfaces , like sand or marble .
Courtesy of the sensors , the floor tiling also doubles as a giant touch - screen interface .
Details for both projects are through the links below .
Now that we can simulate various surfaces and let VR users walk ( or even run ? ) all day , all we need are those realistic holograms .
Any news on that front ?
If so , feel free to hit the comments .
CyberWalk : Giant Omni-Directional Treadmill To Explore Virtual Worlds
Augmented - Reality Floor Tiling
Grand - Prize Winner
" I 've been in a lot of extreme situations , but inhaling hot ash was a new experience for me , " says adventure photographer Tyler Stableford , who got this shot while tagging along with firefighters in western Colorado while they set a controlled burn to stave off wildfires in the area .
Rarely do fire departments allow any journalists this close to the action , but the Colorado team made an exception for Stableford after he photographed them for an assignment the previous year .
In the middle of the scorching scene , a fireman is turned into a painterly blur by the waves of heat , evoking a sense of heroism and focus on the flames that creates a feeling of fire that practically burns through the page .
CLOSE-UP
• Training : Self - taught , Stableford started pursuing photography professionally about 10 years ago while working as an editor at Climbing magazine .
• Most dangerous shoot : Inside glacier caves in Iceland when they could collapse at any moment
• Inspired by : Risky situations , although he 's gotten less bold since becoming a father
• Best advice : Give prints to your models .
The firefighters were thrilled to get Stableford 's photos - and in return , they gave him more access later on .
• Website : tylerstableford.com
1. I 'm Sadek Drobi , I 'm here at QCon with Don Syme again !
So Don , it has been more than 2 years or almost 2 years .
Since last interview , what have you been doing with F# and all the fame ?
I think we had just started down the road towards Visual Studio 2010 and we have almost completed that road , now that technical work is done and it's just a matter of last polishing touch and then it 's coming out .
In Visual Studio 2010 you get F# and of course you can also use Visual Studio 2008 , you can also use it on Mono and Linux and Mac .
We like to always remind people of that because it 's not just about Visual Studio 2010 .
2 . That 's interesting .
You are actually maintaining one for 2008 , one for 2010 , so people are not forced to get to 4.0 to get to use F# .
We had some interesting points during the design process , so for instance there is a question about the .NET 4.0 dependency or not and we think it 's a really strong point of F# that it is quite cross-platform , not just in the .NET 2.0 , 3.5 , 4.0 sense but also in the Mono and the SilverLight sense and MoonLight as well .
Basically , what we think about cross- platform these days is we have a tendency to think ( when we use the words cross- platform , you immediately think ) Linux , Mac , Window .
But the platforms are changing in the world now and we also have to think about the Cloud , we have to think about the client side , in SilverLight for example , we have to think about phones more .
Although in F# as it is today you would n't think about it as a big mobile phone programming language , it 's relevant and at some point we have to start running on all of these platforms and make it viable to do development with the language and it's definitely on my mind a lot .
Yes , today you can get F# forVisual Studio 2008 , you can use it in Windows without Visual Studio and you can use it with the Visual Studio 2008 shell , you can use it with the Visual Studio 2010 , you can use it with Mono and Linux .
Particularly on Linux and Mac we focus on testing against Linux and Mac , Mono 2.4 - 2.6 .
3 . I saw that you 've been adding also stuff to the F# Power Pack lately - I mean the integration of LINQ and other things .
It 's been a funny time the last 2 years .
Of course we did a huge amount of design refinement and bug fixing and working a lot with users and adopters of F# , but a big part of it has been taking what was a research project and effectively splitting it into 2 .
One is the core maintained set what we would think of as in the language and in the F#.core library and there was quite a lot of tool things which were part of the initial project which obviously had value but we wanted to maintain .
We wanted to make sure that they 're available .
We spent quite a long time thinking how we were going to keep them available to the community .
In the end , we put out the Power Pack on the CodePlex as an open source library on the Microsoft the permissive license MSPL or the Microsoft Public License ( it 's called OSS License ) .
That includes first of all a compatibility library , then it is a math library , there is a Lex and Yacc library , there is some asynchronous programming helpers and there will be more of those over time .
This scenario we are going to look at , definitely .
4 . Can you tell us about the LINQ part of it ?
Yes , there is the query integration .
That was something we would definitely like to have had in the core library implementation .
It was one of those things that just went into the power pack and we 'll be looking at moving that across over time into the official core supported set .
It 's a very nice feature , which allows you to do basically C# style LINQ programming embedded queries in F# that have the queries execute on the database .
It 's been pretty widely used and we 're happy where we 've landed with that feature of the power pack .
We might give it a go .
I 've got a good blog entry which will take you to the basics of using the LINQ query support for F# .
5 . Inside the F# pack it has Quotations and you have libraries for dealing with quotations , right ?
That 's in the core F# library .
The core F# library is definitely everything which is absolutely essential for building additional functionality rich .
Quotation is one part of that .
That allows you to take expression trees of F# code .
This leads onto the question of what is the next step with F# as well and one of the big things we 're focusing on is effectively living through the ramifications of the feature set that we have in F# , what we 're calling version 2 , which is the version of the version of the language that you get today .
We call the research F# the F# version 1 and now F# version 2 .
Quotations are one of these really amazing features that have so many potential applications .
For example , one application is the LINQ query support , which is in the power pack , another application is this translating of F# code into the GPU and running it in a data parallel of the GPU and that looks very exciting .
Another application area is in translating F# code through the JavaScript and there is this great startup called Intel factory which is ( in fact I would n't even call it a startup ) a services company and I have a wonderful F# 2.0 Java Script framework to allow you to do that client side programming in F# .
6 . Actually you get all the typing ?
All the typing and you can opt into various parts of which you do the HTML in F# as well , if you wish , as a DSL effectively .
You can actually do asynchronous programming as well .
On the client side , of course you need to do lots of asynchronous requests back to the server .
One of the things that amaze me about web programming is just how many languages you need to know .
You have to know HTML , you have to know CSS , you have to know SQL , you have to know a programming language like C# and probably there is one or 2 more languages that are typical , ASP.NET markup for example .
These together are just too much to know .
Since I 've been able to use the F# quotation facility and the F# facilities in general to really simplify that problem down in a very nice way .
I think there is a lot of people investigating what they can do with the feature set to simplify some of the really challenging parts of modern programming , where we take web programming that is desperately in need of simplification and strong typing .
7 . When I think of F# , normally everyone thinks of it as a mainstream language or the main program , but the syntax and the properties of F# can allow to represent data rather .
Yes , in that case we 're representing data in the HTML sense and we 're also representing Java Script because parts of the F# code have been translated through the Java Script .
It 's like you are writing F# that runs at Java Script and that 's a very exciting development framework .
8 . Can I use for example F# as a config file for my settings or anything that is not really code ?
In that setting they are definitely using F# as a richer information representation and that would be common .
Often , the data is flowing into F# from the outside log file and you would n't think of doing that .
In F# programming , you use F# expressions as your data representation instead of inventing some new language or something .
You would n't go and invent a new file format , just for one or 2 data terms or one or 2 specific tables they are easy to code up in F # and you get the strong typing and you get immediate access to them .
9 . Also with F# there is the FSX extension , which is a script file .
Can you use it for doing builds or jobs on my Windows or my operating system ?
Yes .
F# is set up as a scripting language which we think of as programmatic scripting .
You are still doing programming at some level .
We would n't encourage it for doing all your batch file kind of work .
Probably already most people are going to write batch files or already have their favorite batch file language , PowerShell for example on the Windows .
Or you may be using the Apache or any other on Unix .
But there is this sort of borderline where you may be doing log file analysis and programming whereas you are doing text file munging and your regular expression matching or maybe examples like searching across files and doing analysis on the contents of the files .
That 's a borderline to do serious programming .
Some of that you can fake up using a whole lot of other tools , but at some point it can be quite enjoyable to sit down with an FSX file into Visual Studio or something , just open up your Control - N end and get a new FSX file or in emacs or something .
10 .
You can use the asynchronous power of F# in doing this .
You could end transition to make that till more efficient to be parallel for example .
Then , you might definitely do that .
There is kind of a typical transition of cracking some data source , a log file for example and then starting to build up an analysis and then actually running that over the full data set , might be gigabytes and then thinking " OK , this program is written , it 's efficient , it 's F# and it will still take 2 weeks to run over these different data sets .
Let 's stop petitioning that up . "
You would you just manual petitioning or you can start doing parallel processing on that as well .
11 . Each time F# got mentioned like multicore and concurrent programming get mentioned , too .
What is the power of F# ?
Why everyone talks about asynchronous programming together with F# ?
That 's actually what I was talking about at QCon today .
They asked me not to just talk about F# programming and parallel programming , but also more generally thematically about functional programming and parallel programming .
It 's an interesting overlap between the 2 , because I 'm not the one to say that functional programming is the only lens you should look at parallel programming through nor is parallel programming the only rationale for functional programming .
Functional programming is just a fantastic paradigm for rich data oriented work and engine or purpose programming as well , regardless of whether you 're doing parallel programming or not .
But there is overlap and I try to characterize the overlap in various ways .
One was the fact that all the functional languages encourage you to minimize and reduce the amount of state in your application down to some essential kind of level that 's mainly for the use of immutable data structures all the way through the code .
There is lots of immutability patterns all the way through the code .
An area where F# is particularly strong is in task parallelism .
You can go through the .NET 4.0 task parallel library .
There is also an F# specific library called the async library .
That 's interesting because it lets you mix IO parallelism like when you are fetching this set of web pages in parallel or you are serving a set of TCP server side requests in parallel , you can mix those with some CPU computations .
You have a lot of requests coming in , you effectively got a separate little task , which is like a reactive task .
It 's not a thread , because it 's got to go to sleep in a lightweight sleep mode , whenever it needs to say fetch data from back - end databases .
When you have requests coming in , I mean many requests 50,000 simultaneous requests or the like and coming on through TCP channels and they need to react to the requests and then work with back - end databases and they will return asynchronous requests .
This sort of program is very sweet in F# because it gives you effectively a lightweight task model , which is well oriented to doing a bit of IO work and a bit of CPU work .
12 . What you mean by " lightweight " is not as costly as threads ?
Yes , you can have 50,000 on a single process .
There are some cases where you do n't need to do that .
There are cases where you know you 're going to be serving 10 requests at the time and you can afford to set up a thread for each of those requests .
One of the interesting things though is that , as you design a server side system the requirements can shift around and move .
What you think of as being a very computation expensive video decoding on something on the server , after a while you start to shift parts of that work off to other back - end services and the front - end server actually suddenly becomes more like a telephone exchange .
It 's busy taking calls and passing on calls and sharing information back and through and the requirements can change enough quickly .
What you think of serving 10 requests suddenly has to serve thousands of requests because the balance changes .
That kind of heavy server side asynchronous programming is something which drops out very sweetly in F # and it's been a particular interest of mine recently .
Again it 's this business of saying " We 've got this great feature set .
It 's clear this mechanism in F# for having lightweight reactive agents or tasks is a good mechanism for building many different things , both on the client side on the server side and we 're working through all the ramifications of what are the things you can build , the exact kind of performance trade - offs about when it 's right to use this kind of mechanism .
We 're very consistently really pleased with where we 've landed with the features set and the kind of different programming that it enables solving quite complex tasks .
13 . Asynchronous programming in F# is quite general purpose .
I 've seen libraries doing actors model for example easily using asynchronous programming .
There is one philosophy for building lightweight agents , which is you start with actors , you start with things with message cues and everything is a process with a message cue .
That 's fine , that 's a good model with Erlang , but I 'm actually interested just starting with a little more primitive , which is this whole lightweight asynchronous mechanism .
Actors are one thing you can build with that , but you can also build the TCP request handlers which are n't actually actors .
You do n't want to hold message cues for each of those because that 's too expensive .
I 'm very happy that the async mechanism seems to be useful for a really surprising number of things and actors are one of those .
14 .
These kind of tasks are provided by F# , right ?
Like tasks for requests ?
On the server side that 's the sort of thing we are looking to putting in the Power Pack as well instead of helper classes to help you build a TCP server nice and easily .
In F # you can also just take a standard TCP code that you use with C# and trick the code across F# , look at the samples which come in F# these days , as well .
A lot of my job , as an architect is to work on what 's the transition point from let 's say you build a server side system which handles 5,000 or 10,000 simultaneous requests .
At some point , if you are successful in your Web 2.0 company , you can have 20,000 people and you are going to need another server .
At some point you are going to be wanting to transition across the Cloud Computing .
I 'm interested in that transition point on how to take a working F# asynchronous application that serves all these requests and I suddenly have that running inside as Azure from Microsoft or EC2 from Amazon or looking at the various Cloud to compute platforms .
Just checking that transition point we often just work through what is that code in experience like and build those critical samples that help you transition across into the next step of your application 's lifetime I really enjoy doing that , because you learn a lot about computing along the way , about Cloud computing .
In that case I 've been working with Windows Azure and I got to say I was really very pleased with how smooth that transition was .
You have your server side app and it comes along into a particular TCP channel and you just deploy it to Azure and you may have to make one small adjustment for the automatic load balancing that the Cloud computing servers will do and your same F# code within .
It was just one evening of working for the first time with Windows Azure and we had a scalable application .
We should scale indefinitely , as long as you buy the Cloud computing resources you could scale at 100 millions of simultaneous requests .
I was really pleased with how that transition worked .
I think there is a sweet spot on using the web as a data source and you are an analyst effectively using F# as a programming tool to access that as a data source .
For instance , you might be connected to financial data sources to give you financial data streams over the way of new programmatically accessing those working with those and that 's great .
On the server side the sweet spot is as an implementation language for these data streams , providers of these data streams , perhaps matched up from other data streams effectively .
You are taking some data streams and you are building some analysis engine and you are providing that in turn , over the web .
I think that 's really interesting , exciting for a language like F# because it plays to F# strength in data analysis and it's also got a nice encapsulation boundary .
We know what web servers or web REST API should look like on the outside and of course when you are using any language , you do n't want to force your clients to be talking that same language necessarily .
For some libraries of course that 's a good thing , but for some settings like providing data services you obviously have to deploy behind that through a more general purpose API that can be accessed from any other language as well .
15 .
This is the next step of F# , right ?
I think it is a wonderful application area for F# and what you can do with F# today and I sometimes think of F# as a perfect language for doing for the Web 2.0 not the UI sort of things for the data analysis side of things .
We 've seen some of that in the machine learning applications of F# that F# being used for advertising engine , the add predict engine that 's used in parts of the big Microsoft add setter pipe line .
I think it 's a fantastic application area .
It 's a little bit of a tendency in the functional programming world to focus a little bit too much on slightly old fashioned programming .
You might think the sort of Fibonacci kind of examples and everything that leads on from those .
16 .
Are you providing examples with F# that are more practical programming ?
Yes .
That 's a big part of the work that I 'm describing .
We go through and we show how to use F# asynchronous programming for that kind of work .
17 .
The people now are starting to discover F# - they are mostly like C# , Java or whatever programmers and they see this ml based programming language .
It 's very new to them , so they start asking questions , like " When should I use a function , when should I use a method , when should use a class , an object or when should I use a Union Type ? "
What do you think of that ?
Big part of our work in the last years is that we make sure that those points are as smooth as possible .
In some sense it does n't matter that dramatically whether you use a static method or a function in a module .
From the programming perspective , there is very little difference between the 2 .
In that particular example , the static members do allow you to start doing overloading .
That can require more design , then there is something just plain and simple about modules and functions or with different names or with nicely inferred types .
But in a certain usage level it does n't matter so much which you use .
There is a point for implementation code where these decisions do n't matter that much and in fact , we do hear people who come from the object oriented background who just start doing object oriented programming in F# .
What you notice is that quite a lot of your classes start to disappear because you suddenly find yourself some using functions where you would have had to create other classes before or you start using F# object expressions to avoid creating leaf classes that are just filling in the abstract methods .
You get this convergence away from some of the object oriented design pattern down to a sort of simpler version of OO programming just using OO for what is very nice and then you get a convergence down the side the people using functional programming who maybe would have had the tendency not to have any structure .
Maybe if they are coming from the same ML background , they maybe not even using any sort of object oriented programming even to encapsulate mutable state and then they suddenly discover how nice it is to encapsulate mutable state if they are using it in F# .
Then , you get this transition through this convergence to a point where basically you are using object oriented programming for what it 's actually really most suited - to encapsulating concrete types , some good encapsulation of interface types and then hidden implementation of those .
Effectively we are seeing these 2 streams of programming and merging to a fairly nice balance in the middle .
18 . In the libraries available in F# there are sometimes when you see an Option type return and sometimes an exception .
What is the discipline or the techniques to follow ?
We 're very interested in collecting more of those questions from the F# community and from people doing library design in F# .
We would tend to make a distinction in library design ( everything that would encourage people to really make this decision fairly upfront ) between what we call Vanilla .NET library design , which is where you are absolutely making a library for use from any other .NET language .
Then there are F# to F# library design , which might be for instance the internal architecture of your application or you 've got a set of libraries or you 're building an F# specific framework .
Of course , in the latter one , you 'd be much freer to use F# specific constructs .
For instance , if you are doing total vanilla .NET library design , you would follow in general the .NET library design guidelines and those are really fantastic guidelines .
For instance , let 's take a guideline about when to use structures , for example - you just go to read the .NET design guidelines .
It 'll give you good advice when to use exceptions and it'll give you good guidelines .
In an F# to F# library , if you are really putting the library like the F# call library on a long term maintainable setting , the F# language specific features are actually about implementation and less about library design .
F# in a sense influences library design just a little bit less than maybe some functional programming advocates would think , there are some places it does affect in F# to F# library design .
Let 's take an example .
If you 've got a function which is effectively an asynchronous method , it 's something you can call and it will give you in return a result but it gives it to you asynchronously .
Then , that pattern in F# to F# code would of course have been something with an asynchronous return type or asynchronous String for example , for the contents of a wide page .
You would use that idiom in F# to F# code .
Let 's take another example - expression trees .
You have some kind of discriminated union at your API boundary .
There are a lot of good reasons , good software engineering reasons to hide the representation of your discriminated union behind some basically an API for creating elements of the discriminated union and not necessarily for analyzing them .
Let 's say the Java view API is the discriminated union .
represents propositional object or something underneath .
You probably do n't need to reveal that representation on the outside and it's not a good idea to from the software engineering perspective .
Just because F# has these features , it does n't mean that at the API boundary you will hide them and suppress them because you want to put your library on a very long term maintainable setting .
For example , the actual data flowing into your library might come from XML , it may come from JSON format .
It does n't necessarily have to come from the F# programmer programming against that library .
We 're working on a set of guidelines for those 2 cases - Vanilla .NET library design , and F# to F# library design .
We 'll be running those by the F# community , working with F# community and other users of F# to understand if the guidelines are in the right place , so we look forward to people 's feedback .
19 .
In the design of F# you are trying to use less and less this special things .
Even the literal mechanism it 's a first class functionality that we can use ?
We were chatting about this before .
I think what you are referring to is that often you have a language element , le'ts take asynchronous programming or numeric literals .
You know that you are putting that in the language for one or 2 specific reasons .
People have big integers , they want to be able to write 300 million I and then get a big integer , but there are 10 or 5 % use cases where people do actually need to reconfigure the meaning of those literals .
For example , there are many different big integer packages and there are good reasons to suddenly decide to want to switch to a different one .
In the language , you do n't tie the mechanism just to one underlying type , you try and let it represent different types , we map to different types as well if we use it in various ways .
We 've done the same thing with F# asynchronous programming .
You can define your own Computation Expression builder which would do a different variation on asynchronous programming .
20 . Computation Expression is not a specific thing to asynchronous programming .
It 's a generic thing ?
It 's a generic thing and it is actually a very interesting side to this in F # which is that the people sometimes look at F# Computation Expression and they say " It 's Haskell monads , so it 's some a mechanism for monads . "
It 's not actually just a mechanism for monads .
It 's also a mechanism for monoids as well , which is basically comprehensions where you might think Haskell list expressions or Python comprehensions and the like .
It 's very interesting things you can do with this which some people know about , like sequence expressions in F# for example , but there is also things like asynchronous sequences .
You want a stream of results coming from , say , Twitter feed .
Let 's say you want to subscribe to all the tweets coming under a particular person 's name and Twitter gives you these APIs to do that and a natural way to view this stream is in various ways .
One way to view this is as an asynchronous sequence of things coming in .
Basically , each time you want to react to the next tweet , you do a lightweight sleep and you then you are woken when the next twit arrives .
This lets you have many simultaneous reactors reacting to these strings of events coming in .
the F# computation expressions syntax lets you define this asynchronous sequences very sweetly as a very general purpose mechanism that lets you do both monads and these monoids as well .
It 's very sweet .
21 . F# is a functional programming language but also is an object oriented programming language .
How could you do the design so that object orientation does n't crush into functional programming or the other way around , the keep the goodness of functional programming not harming object orientation ?
In some sense this comes from the history of F# as well .
People are familiar with F# and know that it started as an implementation of core ML as first the core of OCaml language which in itself is very similar to the first version of ML which I used , which is Edinburgh ML .
It 's always trying to capture the fundamental goodness of that kind of programming .
That 's always had that vision at its core and we never let things get in the way of maintaining that core experience .
It does n't mean we have n't had to make some compromises or some design changes in that area , like we support overloading on addition , for example .
We can add two 64 bit integers , two 32 bit integers using the F# addition premitives and that 's actually different to the design of the OCaml language , for example .
But , it does mean that , as we added the object oriented constructs we worked very hard to make sure that they were sweet to use in the context of functional programming .
This is going back quite a few years now , like till 4 years ago when we made the decision about object oriented programming , but one of the key design decisions is about using nominal types , giving in to accepting the role of nominal types in software engineering and in encoding .
The tradition in the functional programming world has always been the same structural types .
If you are going to do functional object oriented programming , it 's all going to be about structural types and structural type compatibility and there is lots of great theories and several good implementations which show that this can work out very nicely in practice , including with type inference .
The OCaml object system is a great one , for example .
When we came to the .NET libraries , we as language researchers with our particular views about functional programming and then we had the experience of encountering .NET in its early years , when they came up with these library design principles .
You can look at C# as being a library oriented language .
It 's a great programming language , but they called it in its first version a component oriented language , the language for writing .NET libraries and .NET components in .
That 's why it had properties , that 's why it had events in the first version of the language .
We say " OK " and then being driven by the library design , they got their problem specification is we want to build this great set of libraries , we need a language to do it .
They did n't head towards structural typing and the like .
Structural typing was n't an essential element in writing fantastic libraries .
It 's useful , it can have its uses , but it 's not essential and that was really a learning experience for us - that actually nominal types and names are important in library design and therefore , in an F # object oriented world you can focus much more on nominal types than you think .
The funny thing is that has many advantages , as well .
It makes your type inference problem much simpler , it helps you a lot with IntelliSense , for example the fact you are pinning down many more types all the way through your program to be particular nominal types .
I think that was a key design decision in a sense giving up on some things in the functional pro theory ideal and accepting the more software engineering reality .
My boss , Luca Cardelli was very clear in his view of object orientation is about software engineering , functional programming is much more about implementation code and compositionality in programming in the small .
That really helped guide us through some of the design decisions .
22 . You just mentioned IntelliSense .
I guess Visual Studio today supports IntelliSense and debugging of F#. Was it more difficult to implement IntelliSense for F# being it a functional programming language ?
Because it 's a type inferred language , there are definite trade - offs in the type inferred language .
The C# IntelliSense implementation is absolutely superb , we are pretty happy with where we landed in F# , it 's got a couple of rough edges , you might need to put a little bit more type annotation in your code .
The more concrete type information there is , the better IntelliSense experience becomes .
We 're very happy with the automatic background type checking that you get with F# code , that reads quickly I think that 's absolutely critical in the tool set .
The information you get about inferred types is also very good .
You can check a lot of your code by you write your code and hover over and you see the inferred type of your code .
The debugging experience - we 're happy with where we landed with that , as well .
It helps , of course in F# to have a strict evaluation order and the main things we are focusing on is a good break pointing experience and a good stepping experience .
We focus primarily on debugging of debug grade code and less about debugging optimized code .
It 's trade - offs in debugging optimized code , you could still do it , but there is some interesting trade - offs we made .
Tail calls are off by default in debug grade code because they do affect the debugging experience .
Of course , for immediate loops , for directly tailored course of things , tail calls is still taken , but if tail calls are mutually recursive and for indirect tail calls if you do write code that critically depends on tail calls ( which is more rare in F# than you might expect that you absolutely critically depend on tail calls ) and you want that to run in debug mode , then you might have to turn on tail calls explicitly .
That 's easy to do .
However , we 're happy about where we 've landed with debugging .
23 .
We talked about 2 formats of F# files , there is a 3rd , that is F# interfaces .
Can you talk a little bit about F# interfaces ?
Signature files .
Yes , this is interesting , because I 'm very familiar with people coming from O Camel , for example .
In Java , each class is a separate file .
That 's not how you do things in F# .
You typically have substantially larger implementation files .
It can even be that a single file actually represents a whole layer in your architecture implementation or your whole component , like the type checker in F# is one large file , or the name resolution engine , which would probably in Java correspond to 10 or 15 actual classes , if possible even more .
Name resolution is a single file .
Because that encapsulates a substantial chunk of implementation logic .
Within a larger assembly , you are actually encapsulating at the file level , because your additional encapsulation boundary where you can hide a lot of detail at the signature file level .
That 's one use of signature files .
Basically you see that your file is a list of what 's in the file , perhaps your documentation and some attributes , and with the types and everything that 's not mentioned in the signature file is hidden .
The other use of signature files is when you are writing a framework or a library and they can be very nice to do the exterior design of the library by this writing in the signature files and have the implementation of the library as implementation files .
The comments , for example , would be different .
On the signature files you have the XML help comments , which are the official Help for the constructs in the library and in the implementation files , your comments will all be about the implementation .
Although there is a little bit of duplication between the 2 , like the names of the public methods get duplicated , which is a fundamental trade - off in the mechanism , they still comply a really good methodology of giving a design view of the library and giving an implementation view of the library .
Signature files are one of those features which people often think " Why would I ever want to use that ?
I do n't want to duplicate anything into another file ! "
Then , suddenly , they use it and realize how , in certain application areas , it really gives a simplified view of the library .
You should probably use signature files more in those cases where the ratio between interface signature and implementation is probably about 1 - 3 or 1 - 5 or something .
There are some cases where there is almost no implementation at all .
It 's just like type definitions or something and in those cases you would n't so much use a signature file .
24 .
The last phase or phases of F# were about stabilizing the language and making it ready , Where are you at ?
It was about the final design decisions .
That 's all done .
For me , it 's absolutely wonderful .
I feel wonderful with the way we 've landed and we still have plenty of work to do , we got all the specification document , we always need to do more work on that .
We 're finalizing that in the next few months as we come through the productization .
There is a Power Pack which we talked about , but for me , the great thing is this business that the language is now done and I can use the language for all these interesting things , like the server side programming work I was telling you about .
The great thing is , of course , that what you wrote ( this has been true for the 6 months ) that F# code you write just remains source code compatible .
There is no more business about getting the latest version of F# and having to adjust the code or anything .
What you write today will run forever - we 're in that zone for the language .
Of course , we started to think about F# version next , we 've got some great features mind , we 've got a lot of great suggestions which we need to enact , like better error messages and ways to improve the general experience and also the improvements we can make .
We 've also got some great features we 're working on .
I can't tell you all of them today .
The key thing with the strongly typed language is once you get the data under the type discipline , then the program you experience is fantastic .
But , it 's getting things under that type discipline and there are some fantastic techniques today for doing this in F# .
If you look at expert F# , which is coming out , the second edition will actually change the name .
It will actually be called The Art of F# Programming in the second edition .
Our publisher were very keen to have that title for the second edition .
We have this thing called the schema reader design pattern .
That 's actually a very sweet way for getting external data under the type discipline of a language and into a schema .
That 's used by some people .
If you 're an F# architect , or you aspire to be a good user of the language , we encourage you to get that book and take a look at those events and topics .
We think there are some interesting ways to really open up that process of getting data under the static type discipline of a language like F# and we 're looking at easing that boundary - getting the world statically typed .
25 . F# uses some of the .NET libraries .
Are there some F# layers that are made to be used outside the .NET ?
Also the F# for .
NET ?
No , we have n't done that .
The F#.core is for F# to F# use , they are not designed for use out of the .NET languages .
There is nothing particular stopping you , but their design is not arbitrary .
That library exists for the purpose of supporting F# coding .
There are some third party products you could buy implemented in F# , which you can use with other .NET languages , but that 's more specific than just general .NET components .
26 .
But is it a common scenario to start a part of an application in F # and then use it from another .NET language Yes .
We see a lot of people having an application where one component is written in F # and maybe the whole user interface is written in Visual Basic or C# .
That 's a very common setup .
We expect that to be really common use so that the actual delivered product is one component F# and several other languages .
We do that in the F# implementation itself , which does have quite a lot of F# code .
Most of the logic is in F# , but the properties page in Visual Studio is done in Visual Basic and we have a C# component called the Managed Package Framework , which is also part of the overall code base we work with .
We use F# in that mode .
The city of Los Angeles has warned 439 medical marijuana dispensaries that they must shut their doors by June 7 .
City prosecutors began notifying dispensary operators the first week of May , the first step in what could be a lengthy and expensive legal battle to regain control over pot sales .
This map shows the locations of businesses listed by the city as having been notified .
In some cases , owners have contacted The Times to say they were listed by the city in error and have requested city officials correct the record .
Those instances are noted below .
Dispensaries that registered with the city by a November 2007 deadline can stay open .
City officials say that 137 the 186 that originally registered are still in business .
Those dispensaries have six months to comply with the ordinance , which requires stores to be 1,000 feet from places where children congregate , including schools and parks .
See a map of dispensaries who have given city notice of intent to stay open : Map : Los Angeles dispensaries claiming right to operate
See the map full - screen »
Advertisement
Notes :
According to the shop ’s owner , the city ’s master list of dispensaries incorrectly lists The Green House Smoke Shop in Venice ( 1428 Abbot Kinney Boulevard , 90291 ) as a dispensary .
California Alternative Caregivers in Venice ( 122 Lincoln Blvd ) was listed by the city as getting a notice to close but , in fact , is among the dispensaries who registered by the 2007 , according to the owner and a new list released by the city of legal dispensaries .
The Hollywood Collective ( THC ) ( 5322 Sunset Boulevard , 90027 ) was originally incorrectly mapped to a location in middle of Griffith Park .
The map point has been corrected .
Los Angeles city attorney officials have acknowledged that Berkeley Clinic ( 6430 Selma Av , Los Angeles , 90028 ) , which provides marijuana recommendations , is not a dispensary and has been removed from the list of businesses told to close by June 7 .
Source : Los Angeles City Council
Hey -- there it is !
The Droid Incredible can be yours right now !
Well , you can pre-order it on Verizon 's site , anyway , and they 're listing April 29th as the delivery date .
The phone is $ 199 on contract , so if you can't wait to get ahold of this 3.7 - inch WVGA AMOLED , 1GHz Snapdragon - boasting beauty , well , hit up the source link .
[ Thanks to everyone who sent this in ]
Image caption Iran has faced international pressure over its nuclear programme
Nearly 200 nations , signatories of the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty ( NPT ) , have agreed to work towards a nuclear - weapons - free zone in the Middle East .
The members , meeting at the UN in New York , called for a conference in 2012 attended by Middle Eastern states - including Iran - to establish the zone .
The unanimously agreed document also said that Israel should sign the NPT .
US President Barack Obama backed the deal but said he was " strongly opposed " to Israel being singled out .
The US says the reference could jeopardise efforts to persuade the Israelis to attend the 2012 talks .
An Israel official later denounced the document as " hypocrisy " .
" Only Israel is mentioned , while the text is silent about other countries like India , Pakistan and North Korea , which have nuclear arms , or even more seriously , Iran , which is seeking to obtain them , " a senior government official told AFP news agency on condition of anonymity .
' Important step '
The 28 - page final declaration was agreed by 189 member states following intense talks on the last day of a month - long conference on strengthening the NPT , the cornerstone of global disarmament efforts .
All eyes the world over are watching us Libran Cabactulan , NPT conference president
The document calls for the United Nations secretary general to organise a meeting of Middle East states in 2012 to agree to the creation of a " zone free of nuclear weapons and all other weapons of mass destruction " .
" All eyes the world over are watching us , " said conference president Libran Cabactulan , of the Philippines , as the final text was approved .
Egypt's Maged Abedelaziz , speaking for the Non-Aligned Movement of 118 developing nations , welcomed the decision , saying it was " an important step forward towards the realisation of the goals and objectives of the treaty " .
Diplomats discussing the proposals had continued talks late into the night on Thursday before resuming on Friday .
One of the sticking points involved Israel , which is not a member of the NPT , and is widely believed to have nuclear weapons .
It has never admitted possessing them .
Arab states and Israel 's allies had to work hard to find agreement over wording for the proposed nuclear - weapons - free zone .
However flawed some believe the existing non-proliferation machinery to be , all agree that it has at least been partially rehabilitated after a decade of failure Barbara Plett , BBC UN correspondent Modest progress at NPT talks
Correspondents say Arab nations want to put pressure on Israel to relinquish its undeclared nuclear arsenal .
Iran also made a late demand that the five recognised nuclear - armed nations agree to a timetable for negotiating a treaty to abolish their arsenals .
In the final document adopted , no specific timetable is set out but the five states commit to " accelerate concrete progress " towards reducing their nuclear arsenals and to report back on that in 2014 .
Iran has faced repeated questions over its own nuclear programme , which the West believes is aimed at making weapons .
Tehran insists it is solely designed to meet its energy needs .
Iran , a member of the NPT , says it will stick to its obligations under the treaty .
The NPT has encountered difficulty in coming up with the best method for monitoring suspect nuclear programmes in Iran and North Korea .
India , Pakistan , North Korea and Israel - which are known or suspected to have nuclear weapons - are not signatories to the treaty .
They are not covered by any NPT agreement .
The NPT conference meets every five years .
The last review conference , in 2005 , failed to adopt a consensus declaration .
A fascinating insight into how the world might look in the future , from the 1960s , comes courtesy of veteran science editor Nigel Calder .
As editor of the New Scientist in 1964 Calder commissioned a hundred scientists to imagine the world 20 years hence .
What ' major technological revolutions ' might we see ?
Number one was " the revolution in information " , inspired by the British computing pioneer Maurice Wilkes , who turns 97 next month .
WorldBox
For the BBC three years later , the two mocked up what they called the World Box a networked computer , nicely illustrated here .
It 's uncanny now to look at the resulting consequences from digital networks the boffins predicted .
These included ubiquitous communications and information services , government surveillance , " world wide instantaneous reporting " , and " No more newspapers as we know them ? " .
" The work of commercial and professional organisations will be transformed , " he predicted in 1969 .
There may be no very clear distinction between authors , scholars , publishers , librarians , television producers or anyone else who can be called an information mediator – but it will be their task to save mankind from drowning in its own information . "
Calder invites us to have a giggle , but really it 's not a bad list at all , and compared with the ( cough ) ' futurists ' who have come and gone since , Calder and the participants did a good job .
Alvin Toffler was repackaging these ideas , particularly mass amateurisation , many years later .
As are thousands of Web 2.0 consultants today .
One aspect of the Intertubes that predictions from the 60s did n't cover was the way in which the information networks would be used for exchanging media .
Given the expense of core memory then , it was probably unimaginable .
It needed the mass production of lots of cheap transistors before that became a possibility .
Also on the scientists ' list from the era was the possibility of climate control , globalisation ( what 's called ' footloose industries ' ) , and longer life .
These reflect an optimism and confidence in human technological progress quite absent today .
Then again , a couple of other items show some of the paranoia of the late 60s too .
There 's concern about " mind control " and " Loss of individuality by surgical implantation ? " .
The blog is only a week old , but already looks like a splendid editor 's scrapbook , a place to while away some time .
Have a look here . ®
… or tortoise , I do n’t watch Animal Planet .
One day that dog will go to outer space and when he comes back turtles will rule the planet , and it shall repent for enslaving turtles as the dog is being hunted by a pack of the fiercest turtles in land using their phenomenal speed .
I gotta stop smoking that sh*t .
On a more realistic note , I ’m impressed it ’s only got 137,414 since it was uploaded on May 6 , videos like this normally go viral within the first 48 hours .
David Wessel talks to Christy Romer :
It 's Agregate Demand , Stupid Christina Romer ... says the reason unemployment remains so painfully high is clear :
It 's not the inadequacy or laziness of the workers or the long - standing mismatch between workers ' skills and employers ' needs .
It 's the old - fashioned Keynesian diagnosis :
Too little demand in the economy .
" The overwhelming weight of the evidence is that the current very high -- and very disturbing -- levels of overall and long - term unemployment are not a separate , structural problem , but largely a cyclical one .
It reflects the fact that we are still feeling the effects of the collapse of demand caused by the crisis .
Indeed , at one point I had tentatively titled my talk ' It 's Aggregate Demand , Stupid ' but my chief of staff suggested that I find something a tad more dignified , " Ms. Romer said .... it does n't have to be this way , she argued , essentially making the case for more government stimulus to help the economy .
" We have the tools and the knowledge to counteract a shortfall in aggregate demand .
We should be continuing to use them aggressively . " ...
More private demand is essential , she said , but government can do more ....
" One targeted measure that is likely to be very effective is additional fiscal relief to the states , " she said ...
The view gaining strength is that additional stimulative policies wo n't do much good because much of our current employment i " structural . "
This is , best as I can see , simply not true : there is no evidence for it .
But that if we let unemployment linger above 9 percent for several years , it is highly likely to become structural -- and then we will have even more huge problems than we have now .
And at the moment it looks like getting unemployment below 9 percent will take some luck .
Certainly fiscal policy and monetary policy are unlikely to provide much additional stimulative force going forward .
People , there is an errant penis out there , which we are finding out about via Craigslist ( natch ) .
A poster says : " Lost penis sculpture .
Last seen on February 4th , 2010 around 1 a.m. on display during the art show BYOA at X Initiative located on 548 W 22nd St .
The art piece is a life size realistic sculpture of the artist 's penis and testicles made out of resin and beard hair .
There were four Mark Billy penises on display but only one peach colored one went missing . "
Well , we know where he can get another one on the cheap .
You can get a closer look at the missing sculpture , and its friends , here .
Meanwhile , the artist is so distraught he has n't even Twittered about it .
Over the past few weeks I ’ve had the
privilege of reading an excellent WordPress book titled , WordPress & Ajax by Ronald Huereca which has led me to write this in - depth review ; and I must say that it has been added to my developer ’s book arsenal .
Being a developer myself , although new to Ajax , I welcomed the opportunity to learn more and advance my skills towards developing my own dynamic themes and plugins enhanced by Ajax .
Although it took me a few weeks to read because of my busy schedule , WordPress & Ajax is a mere 251 pages with 15 very relevant chapters .
There is not a single page wasted as Ronald seeks to help his readers master the beautiful art of Ajax and WordPress .
Who Needs This Book ?
As Ronald rightfully gave his warnings in the introduction , this book is not for the faint of heart or the not so tech savvy .
It is an absolute requirement that you have prior knowledge of PHP and jQuery at the intermediate level to have any understanding of the techniques being taught .
There is very little mention of the basics of Ajax itself so Ronald gets right to the point and tackles the major and minor requirements for developing functional and compatible Ajax driven WordPress themes and plugins .
The Key Features
Ronald has gone the extra mile to ensure that readers of his book develop at the highest standards by giving concise directions and expert insight on how to do so .
WordPress and Ajax provides tons of practical and comprehensive code examples to get the job done while covering key areas such as :
Compatibility
Maximum Security
Ajax Best Practices
Adding Scripts Correctly to WordPress
Speed & Efficiency
Functionality & Relevance
Localizing Javascript files
Useful & Unique Debugging Techniques
All his guides are focused on jQuery , WordPress & PHP .
Personally , I find it difficult to learn new concepts without real examples and Ronald completes his work excellently by showing us how he greatly improved and created the plugin WP Grins Lite and how he constructed the Static Random Posts widget with Ajax capabilities as well as how to integrate Coupon Codes with dynamic Paypal Buy Now buttons .
This puts the icing on the cake for me and offers that extra encouragement to start improving and developing Ajax driven plugins .
Ronald ingeniously shares his knowledge from his personal and unique experiences with Ajax , PHP and jQuery along with his witty and often humorous writing style that makes very technical tasks as easy as possible on the brain .
Each chapter flows naturally with quick and easy reference to previous points , notes and code requirements .
The Conclusion
WordPress & Ajax is not for everyone to pick up and grasp and is specifically for the focused WordPress plugin and theme developer who wants to add some dynamism to plain old development and design .
If you do have an intermediate knowledge of PHP and jQuery though , Ronald ’s book will definitely help push you to the next level of WordPress development .
Pricing
WordPress & Ajax is priced at an affordable $ 24 and is a reasonable investment for the aspiring Ajax theme and plugin developer .
This provides unlimited updates that are sent via e-mail .
So , If you ’ve been itching to get your hands dirty with some serious code and make your mark in Ajax and WordPress development then this book is a Must Buy !
Things are HEATING up for Goldman Sachs .
Federal prosecutors are conducting a criminal investigation into whether Goldman Sachs Group Inc. or its employees committed securities fraud in connection with its mortgage trading , people familiar with the probe say .
The investigation from the Manhattan U.S. Attorney 's Office , which is at a preliminary stage , stemmed from a referral from the Securities and Exchange Commission , these people say .
The SEC recently filed civil securities - fraud charges against the big Wall Street firm and a trader in its mortgage group .
Goldman and the trader say they have done nothing wrong and are fighting the civil charges .
UPDATE :
More info from WaPo which says that the SEC has referred the Goldman case to the Justice Department .
The Securities and Exchange Commission has referred its investigation of Goldman Sachs to the Justice Department for possible criminal prosecution , less than two weeks after filing a civil securities fraud case against the firm , according to a source familiar with the matter .
Any probe by the Justice Department would be in a preliminary stage .
No Goldman Sachs employees involved in the mortgage - related transactions that are the focus of the SEC case have been interviewed by Justice Department prosecutors or the FBI agents who often conduct probes on behalf of prosecutors , according to a source familiar with the matter .
I wonder how Goldman Sachs ' stocks will do tomorrow :
It is very rare for the government to indict a firm , and the mere threat of criminal prosecution can destroy a company .
A criminal investigation destroyed the infamous Wall Street firm Drexel Burnham Lambert in the 1980s even though the firm settled with authorities .
WaPo article explains how much more difficult the criminal probe will be vs the civil case :
Google 's acquisition spree shows no sign of stopping .
The search giant has acquired BumpTop , an application for transforming your desktop into a slick 3D interface .
The acquisition , reported by Wellington Financial , brings some really innovative technology under the Google fold .
BumpTop is also no longer going to be available for purchase starting June 1 .
We have contacted Google for comment .
The company was founded by Anand Agarawala , who has been developing the technology to make desktops look more like real desks by using three dimensions , icon piles and photo pin-ups .
BumpTop has been available for PC since last year and recently launched a Mac version .
Now that the cat is out of the bag , what is Google planning to do with BumpTop ?
It 's tough to say at first glance —
Google 's really all about the web , not the desktop , which may be why BumpTop itself is shutting down .
However , BumpTop 's technology could be used in anything from Chrome OS to Android to bolster their interfaces .
There 's just a lot of talent on the BumpTop team .
Here 's a video of Anand demonstrating his technology in 2007 at the TED Conference .
We 've also included an e-mail that BumpTop sent to its users yesterday , announcing that it was shutting down :
Letter to Users
First of all , we 'd like to thank you for your past purchase of BumpTopPro .
Our mission is to revolutionize the way people use computers , and your support has helped us continue working towards that goal .
Today , we have a big announcement to make : we 're going to be taking BumpTop in an exciting new direction , which means that BumpTop ( for both Windows and Mac ) will no longer be available for sale .
Additionally , no updates to the products are planned .
What does this mean for BumpTop Pro users ?
Rest assured you will be able to continue running the latest version of BumpTop with Pro features indefinitely .
However , downloads and support for BumpTop Pro will end on June 1 , 2010 , and we will not be issuing any further updates .
We recommend you save a copy of the latest installer at http://bumptop.com/pro in case you wish to reinstall BumpTop in the future .
For your reference , your invite code is ___
We want you be completely satisfied with the purchase you made .
Our customers constantly tell us how much they love BumpTop and how it 's completely changed the way they use their desktop , and you will be able to run BumpTop Pro for as long as you want .
If the end - of - life announcement still leaves you dissatisfied , however , contact us for a refund at http://refund.bumptop.com/refund, regardless of purchase date .
All requests must be made by June 1 , 2010 .
Thanks again for your support of BumpTop and for helping make computing more natural and fun .
Despite our change in strategy , we remain as passionate as ever about helping shape the future of computing !
The Bumps
Happy Towel Day , everyone !
Yes , it 's that time again :
Here 's a festive video for the day :
In other news ...*
From Travis Prinzi , a great post : " The Lost Finale : Why I Loved It . " * Today also is the day that Firefly : Still Flying : A Celebration of Joss Whedon's Acclaimed TV Series hits the shelves .
It includes four new short stories by writers of the original television episodes .
And now for the quote of the day ...- from Douglas Adams ,
At the last general election , the percentages of votes and numbers of seats in parliament for the three main parties in Britain were as follows : Labour , 35.3 % of votes , 356 seats ; Conservatives , 32.3 % of votes , 198 seats ; Liberal Democrats , 22.1 % of votes , 62 seats .
In the election coming up on the 6th May , there is a distinct possibility of some quite bizarre outcomes .
For example , if some recent polls give a true picture of how people will vote ( which is of course far from certain ) , then there is a good chance that the Liberal Democrats will get more votes than Labour , but well under half the number of seats .
It is also a commonplace that the Conservatives will need a higher percentage of votes than Labour to become the party with the largest number of seats .
In the past there have been occasions where the party with the largest number of votes has lost the election .
( Much of what I am saying applies equally to the system for electing a US president , but I shall stick with the British system in this post . )
Supporters of the first - past - the - post system argue , correctly , that it makes it much more likely that one party will have an absolute majority .
They also argue , much more controversially , that this is a good idea .
However , regardless of outcome of that argument , there can be no doubt that it has the potential to lead to anomalous results , and this potential has been thrown into sharp focus in the last week or two because it has a good chance of being realized .
Here I would like to discuss whether it is correct to describe these anomalies as unfair .
In case I have just given the impression that I am about to dazzle you by arguing convincingly that they are not in fact unfair , let me come straight out and say that there is no such surprise in store : our voting system is as unfair as it looks .
My purpose is to discuss in more detail what “ fair ” means in this context .
I should also add that I do not plan to discuss a whole array of different voting systems , give an account of Arrow ’s paradox , etc. etc .
That has been done to death in my opinion .
( The rest of what I shall say is hardly new either , but I care about it enough to want to say it anyway . )
Why bother to vote , even if you care about the result ?
A question that many people have asked themselves is this : what is the point of voting ?
After all , my constituency is huge , so it ’s inconceivable that the result here will be decided by just one vote .
Therefore , my vote will make no difference .
An obvious answer would be , “ If lots of people did that , then those people between them would make a difference . ”
But that argument wo n’t do .
The fact is that you know that lots of people are going to vote , and given that information it really is true that your vote is almost certain to make no difference .
Note , however , that I said “ almost certain ” rather than “ certain ” .
It is certainly possible that by changing your vote you could change the outcome in your constituency .
It ’s even possible that changing that outcome would tip the balance of power and thus have a significant impact on future policy decisions .
The justification usually given for voting is that your expected reward for doing so is just about right : there is an incredibly small chance that your vote will have a very big influence , so your expected influence is small but non-zero , just as it should be given that you are just one voter amongst millions .
Let us examine this argument in more detail .
What is the expected impact of my vote ?
First let us consider the probability that your vote will change the result in your constituency .
For simplicity , let us suppose that there are only two candidates who have a realistic chance of being elected , and that if there is a tie then the outcome will be decided on the toss of a coin .
Let us call these two candidates A and B , and let us suppose that you vote for candidate A .
Then a necessary condition for your vote to make a difference to the outcome is that , when all the other votes are counted , either A has one less vote than B ( note for pedants — my opinion is that because “ vote ” is singular there , “ less ” is the right word rather than “ fewer ” , but not everyone agrees with this ) or they have the same number of votes .
And in both those two cases the chance that your vote actually does make a difference is 50 % , because in the first case you need A to win the coin toss and in the second case your vote will not have helped A if A would have won the coin toss .
How likely is it that A and B will get almost the same number of votes ?
The obvious way of modelling the situation is to assume that there are voters who vote for either A or B and that each such voter has a probability of voting for A and of voting for B , where Thus , the expected number of votes for A is .
For A and B to have almost exactly the same number of votes , A needs to have almost exactly votes .
Therefore , if , the total number of A ’s votes must differ from its expectation by approximately .
Now a commonplace in probabilistic combinatorics is that the binomial distribution is highly concentrated about its mean .
In particular , the probability that it differs from its mean by is at most , where is some constant .
( I think one can take .)
In qualitative terms , unless is very small ( and it has to be smaller and smaller the larger is ) , the probability that it differs from its mean by is vanishingly small .
Let me put that another way .
The binomial distribution approximates a normal distribution with standard deviation .
Now the probability that a normally distributed random variable differs from its mean by more than a few standard deviations is fabulously small .
How does compare with ?
Let ’s suppose , and .
( In reality , the typical size of a British constituency is four or five times bigger than this . )
Then , and is roughly .
So A requires the result to be 10 standard deviations away from the mean to win .
The probability of this is around , which is absurdly small .
It follows that the probability that your vote will make a difference is also absurdly small .
Incidentally , this model shows up a rather bizarre feature of the first - past - the - post system .
Suppose that people ’s voting intentions did not correlate with where they lived .
Then if the most popular party had a lead of two or three percent over the next most popular party , then with high probability they would win every single seat !
The only reason we do not see this phenomenon is that votes do correlate significantly with where people live .
In the UK , for example , Labour tends to do better in the north and in inner cities and the Conservatives do better in the south and in the countryside .
The Liberal Democrats suffer from a vote that is more evenly spread around the country and so they have much more difficulty winning seats .
( So in fact we do see the phenomenon — but not quite in such an extreme form . )
Indeed , the only reason the Liberal Democrats have the seats they do have is that there are pockets of the country , such as the extreme south west , the Scottish islands , and much more recently university towns such as Oxford , Cambridge and Bristol , where they traditionally do well .
Now consider what happens if Now the expected number of votes for A is Let ’s assume for simplicity that is even .
What is the probability that A gets precisely votes ( from the votes that go to either A or B ) ?
The answer is on the order of .
This can either be calculated by estimating the size of the binomial coefficient or by using the following more hand - wavy argument : we know that the number of votes for A will be plus or minus a small number of standard deviations .
The standard deviation is so that gives us about possibilities , not all equally likely but mostly of comparable likeliness , of which we want one .
If , then in this case our probability of influencing the result in the constituency is on the order of 1/100 , which is quite good going .
One can pursue such thoughts and reach the following not very surprising conclusion : if the two top candidates in your constituency are neck and neck , then you have a small but significant chance of influencing the result , whereas if one has a noticeable lead over the other , then your chances of influencing the result ( whether the candidate with the lead is the one you support or the other one ) are so small as to be effectively zero .
Thus , the first - past - the - post system effectively disenfranchises anybody who belongs to a non-marginal constituency .
This might seem a rather curious conclusion .
Surely you need people to go out and vote , in order to make the constituency safe for one party or another .
So surely the people who vote in these constituencies are not disenfranchised after all .
I find this argument rather hard to counter — maybe others have some idea about it .
The best I can think of is two remarks .
The first is that other people behave as they behave , and given that behaviour it really is the case that if you are in a safe seat then the probability that your vote will make a difference to the outcome in that seat is negligible .
The second is that the apparent paradox is closely related to the prisoner ’s dilemma : in a safe seat , any individual voter is better off staying at home ( because they lose nothing as far as the outcome is concerned and save themselves the trouble of voting ) but if all the people who support the more popular party cooperate and actually vote for that party , then between them they may gain considerably more ( because their collective action may effect the outcome ) than they lose in the small effort needed to vote .
Is the model a good one ?
So far , I have assumed that each voter who votes for A or B has a probability of voting for A .
Is this a reasonable model ?
Surely there are lots of people who are certain to vote for A and lots who are certain to vote for B and only a few waverers .
This is not a big problem with the model .
To see why , consider an extreme situation where everybody who might vote for A or B will definitely vote for A or definitely vote for B .
That is , there is nobody who is undecided between A and B .
Nevertheless , there is a certain amount of random fluctuation , because some people who are intending to vote will not in fact get round to it .
So the outcome is not completely determined , and if the variance in the number of voters is reasonably large and ( contrary to what actually happens )
A - supporters and B - supporters are equally likely to be non-voters , then treating each person who arrives to vote as if they were making a purely random choice with a certain probability of going for A is not too bad a model .
However , it has a more serious defect if you are considering not voting , which is that you do not know the value of .
Even if an opinion poll is taken in your constituency — which it almost never is — you will not necessarily get a reliable value of , since there can be biases in sampling , and people can change their minds in ways that are very far from independent .
For example , the surge in support for the Liberal Democrats in Britain a couple of weeks ago was not the result of millions of people independently changing their minds but of millions of people having watched the TV debates and been impressed by the leader Nick Clegg .
The best way to model this is to imagine that the value of has changed .
Now if the value of can move about , and if you do n’t know what it is , then how does that affect the probability , given the evidence you have available , that your vote will make a difference to the outcome ?
It will usually increase the probability substantially .
Why ?
Well , let us again take a rather extreme case and suppose that what happens is this : first the probability is chosen uniformly from the interval and then people vote for A with probability , their votes being independent once the choice of has been made .
( Those who followed the discussion of DHJ will recognise their old friend equal - slices measure here . )
Then , roughly speaking , your vote will have a reasonable chance of making a difference if is within about of , and when this is the case the chance that it will make a difference is itself around .
So we end up with a probability of about , which sounds rather fair when you come to think of it .
More realistically , you will know to within some error .
For example , you may be pretty confident that it lies between and .
Then your vote has a reasonable chance of making a difference .
If the interval of possible probabilities does not contain 1/2 ( even approximately ) , then you might as well stay at home .
Conclusion .
The conclusion is a fact that all politicians know : only the votes in the marginal constituencies count .
This is the big unfairness in the first - past - the - post system .
It means that the interests of those who live in the marginal constituencies are more likely to be taken into account by those in power than the interests of people in safe seats .
Does that matter ?
One might argue that the composition of people in the marginal constituencies is likely to be quite mixed , and therefore a reasonably representative sample of the country as a whole .
And to some extent that does seem to be the case — a political party usually needs to court the votes in the centre and can ignore both its core supporters and the core supporters of the other party , who are likely to be more extreme .
And perhaps this argument is a reasonable one as long as two parties dominate the political scene , as is the case in the US and as has been the case for a long time in the UK .
It is even possible to argue that the interests of voters for minority parties are looked after , since if a major party sees that a third party is getting a lot of votes , it may decide to steal some of that party ’s policies .
For example , in Britain the Labour party was out of power for 18 years , during which time a new party , the Social Democratic Party , was formed by people who broke away from Labour .
In the 1984 election the anti-Conservative vote was evenly split between the Labour Party and an alliance of the SDP with the old Liberal party , with the result that the Conservatives won by a landslide ( though with under 50 % of the vote — that is how things work in Britain ) .
The Labour Party was forced to move to the centre , and by the time they won power in 1997 their policies were of a kind that the founders of the SDP would have had no objection to whatsoever .
Nevertheless , this kind of indirect influence feels less like true representation than the direct influence to be gained if all votes count equally .
In the interests of fairness , I should mention the criticism that is often levelled at more proportional systems , which is that smaller parties can hold larger parties to ransom .
Again , let us consider an extreme case : there are two parties with 48 % of the seats each and one party with 4 % of the seats .
Let ’s suppose that the small party represents a small geographical region .
Then it could simply auction itself : whichever of the larger parties offers more money to that region gets the support of the small party .
It is easy to see that this will probably lead to that region getting more than its fair share of the country ’s resources .
This is another game - theoretic situation .
It reminds me of a very nice problem that has been studied by cognitive scientists .
Imagine that you and a friend are walking down the street and a man appears out of nowhere with a huge wad of notes in his hand .
It turns out that he has $ 100,000 .
He then says that he will give the money to you and your friend if and only if you agree on how to split it .
You say , “ Great , let ’s split it 50 - 50 , ” and to your astonishment your friend says , “ No , I ’m not interested unless I get $ 90,000 . ”
And it becomes clear that your friend is being serious .
Your choice is either to accept the deal and gain $ 10,000 or to refuse it and not gain $ 10,000 .
What do you do ?
The opportunity is not likely to come round again …
Actually , the usual presentation of this problem is different .
In the usual presentation , it is just your friend who is offered the money , but on condition that your friend shares it ( in some proportion ) with somebody else .
And you are the chosen person .
Most people say that they would accept the deal as long as they get about a third of the money — it seems that two thirds is the “ reward ” that your friend is considered to deserve for having been the one who met the rich man .
The relevance of this is that there is sometimes an interval of outcomes that will suit two parties who are trying to make a deal , and then it is far from clear where in that interval the deal will actually be struck .
I ’d like to end with a defence of the alternative vote system .
( I ’m not saying it ’s the best possible system , but just that it is a distinct improvement on what we have now , and not as bad as some people think . )
This is the system where if nobody has an absolute majority , then the second - choice votes of the least popular candidate are distributed amongst the other candidates , and this process is iterated until some candidate does have an absolute majority .
Although this system is not proportional , and still leads to marginal constituencies mattering more than safe seats , it avoids one of the big abuses of the usual first - past - the - post system , namely the need for tactical voting .
If your first choice is party A but only party B has a chance of beating party C , then under the current system you have a good reason for voting B .
But under AV you have nothing to lose by voting for A as your first choice and B as your second .
Since many people say that they do not vote for smaller parties because their vote would be “ wasted ” ( blissfully unaware that it will almost certainly be wasted anyway ) , the alternative vote system could help people vote for the party whose policies they most supported .
It does n’t sound like much to ask , and even this would be a huge improvement on the current system , which , now that there is a third party that is not tiny , is monstrously unfair .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Get the stories that matter to you sent straight to your inbox with our daily newsletter .
Subscribe
Thank you for subscribing
We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Invalid Email
A DISTRAUGHT Frenchman sparked a bizarre 10 - hour stand - off with island cops after the death of a pet goose named Duck .
It is claimed Louis Appert doused himself in petrol and headed out in his boat , threatening to set himself on fire .
The incident came after he found the body of Duck , months after the bird was accused of attacking islanders on Raasay in the Hebrides .
Appert allegedly took his vessel - which he bought on eBay for s5 and lives on - out 30 yards from the coast of Churchton Bay on the island on Friday morning .
Northern Constabulary drafted in trained police negotiators to convince Appert to give himself up .
The fire brigade and Portree Lifeboat from neighbouring Skye also attended the incident , which began at 9.15 am .
Appert eventually handed himself over to police at 5.45 pm and was taken into custody after being examined by a doctor .
He appeared at Inverness Sheriff Court yesterday charged in connection with the incident and volunteered to go into a psychiatric hospital until his next court appearance .
Simon Crabb , prosecuting , told the court Appert has suffered from bi-polar disorder for 15 years but had been treated in the community with medication for the past three years .
The fiscal added the loss of his pet may have contributed to his alleged behaviour .
The case was continued without plea until Friday at Inverness .
Appert is facing several charges in connection with Friday 's events .
It is claimed that he conducted himself in a disorderly manner on his boat and shouted , swore and threatened to blow up the vessel .
It is also alleged he brandished a gas cylinder and fuel cans , threw lumps of wood at police , repeatedly bared his buttocks and indicated that he had doused himself in fuel and would set himself alight .
He is also charged with brandishing a knife and a home - made petrol bomb and committing a breach of the peace .
When previously asked why he called his goose Duck , Appert said : " Why not ?
It is easy to shout when it is time for his food . "
Anyone reading news feeds on the global financial crisis is painfully aware that the world as we know it is rapidly destabilizing .
Bottomless debt is gaping open in unfamiliar terrain like crevasses in Ruth Glacier near the end of June .
Europe debt woes have pummeled the euro and Asian shares .
Eurozone taxpayers are now extremely exposed to high credit risk , leading to a panic in the world markets , as foreign holders of Greek and Portuguese debt have seized on emergency intervention by the European Central Bank to scamper out of their positions .
The chief executive of Deutsche Bank said it would require u201 Cincredible effortsu201D by Greece for its debt to ever be repaid in full .
Fears are growing that austerity measures facing the troubled eurozone countries will derail recovery and continue to spark social unrest as that which flared in Athens recently .
Portugal , Italy , Greece and Spain are lumped as PIGS , heavily weighing the EU down as their sovereign debts balloon past doable deficits .
The euro has slid to a four - year low against the dollar , as if the dollar were something to write home about .
Britain , too , is at a crossroads .
Its political leaders cannot bear the thought of not spending , so they have stopped thinking about it .
They are falsely convinced that any cuts in public spending would destroy the country ’s basic public services and stop any economic recovery from ever beginning .
Their economists have this backwards .
The British population can look forward to ever - increasing taxation under the thumb of a coercive and costly bureaucracy whose monetary policies serve the state , but do not serve people .
America has not dodged this bullet either .
The finances of Greece , Portugal , Italy , Spain , and Britain are not unique .
Can Americans cast stones at Europe ’s glass bubbles when our own national debt has already reached 86 % of GDP , nearly on par with that of Spain ?
The Congressional Budget Office has a gloomy prediction about future years .
It calculates that deficits will not fall below four percent of the economy under Obama ’s policies and will begin to grow rapidly after 2015 .
The White House proposed budget would add more than $ 9.7 trillion to the national debt over the next decade ; the CBO says the debt will be higher than that .
Can we avoid such bottomless debt pits ?
Can any nation jump back from the edge ?
Politicians demand that we spend .
Mainstream economists warn that saving would ruin us .
Are they right ?
Has any nation tried not spending ?
One has .
One nation has a well - documented story to tell us .
It is just possible that we could listen to her story and learn how to jump away before our tragic tumble .
Each of us crippled by debt has a thing or two hundred to learn from the small country down under that did the impossible — New Zealand trimmed the size of its coercive , regulating , and taxing government and , not only lived to tell about it , but flourished .
While we have been fattening into the most engorged leviathan state on the planet , New Zealand slimmed down on a healthy diet of fiscal restraint in the mid-1980s .
In short order , New Zealand threw out the parasites and opened the wide door of opportunity for producers and entrepreneurs to create wealth and raise the standard of living for all .
New Zealand actually received hope and change when they demanded it .
Leading the rollback was Maurice P. McTigue , former New Zealand cabinet minister .
McTigue ’s educational lecture is liberally reprinted in parts by permission from Imprimus , the national speech digest of Hillsdale College .
This how - to primer is Rolling Back Government : Lessons from New Zealand .
New Zealand ’s reform government asked each agency just two vital questions :
What are you doing ?
and What Should You Be Doing ?
Then it told each agency to eliminate what it should not be doing .
Is this too sensible for Americans ?
Is n’t this precisely what Ron Paulians would do ?
Then New Zealand ’s reform government told each agency simply to eliminate what it should not be doing .
How clear is that ?
Stop digging the hole you are digging for yourself .
Stop spending .
Such straightforward focus reduced the number of government employees with the NZ Department of Transportation from 5,600 to 53 .
The US Department of Transportation had 59,189 public workers on payroll in Fiscal Year 2003 requiring $ 53.2 Million from taxpayers .
The number of parasitic employees with the NZ Forest Service was slashed to 17 from 17,000 .
The US Forest Service had 28,330 in FY08 spending $ 5.806 billion .
McTigue himself was the Minister of Works .
He ended up being the only employee left when the process was applied to its 28,000 employees .
As McTigue says , most of what the Department did was construction and engineering , and there were plenty of people who could do that without government involvement .
Did all those jobs die ?
No .
What died was government ’s taxation of productive citizens .
The need for those jobs still existed .
Private companies happily employed that skilled labor force .
As private workers , each employee earned three times as much and was sixty percent more productive .
Reform freed up the things government was doing that had no reason being done by government .
New Zealand ’s jump away from debt disaster resulted in one huge going - out - of - public - business sale .
Telecommunications , airlines , irrigation schemes , computing services , government printing offices , insurance companies , banks , securities , mortgages , railways , bus services , hotels , shipping lines , agricultural advisory services , and more were sold off .
Productivity rose ; costs dropped .
The government roll - back determined that other agencies should be run as profit - making and tax - paying enterprises by government .
Reforms made the air traffic control system into a stand - alone company , gave it instructions that it had to make an acceptable rate of return and pay taxes , and told it that it could not get any investment capital from its owner ( the government ) .
The accountability reformers did the same thing with about 35 agencies — agencies which had cost producers about one billion dollars per year , now , instead , produced about one billion dollars per year in revenue and taxes .
The institution of high levels of transparency was promised and was actually delivered in New Zealand .
Significant consequences for bad management decisions , instead of bailouts , resulted in the following : the size of government was reduced by 66 percent measured by the number of employees ; the government ’s share of GDP dropped to 27 percent from 44 percent ; surpluses were produced ; the surpluses were used to pay off debt ; the debt dropped to 17 from 63 percent of GDP ( recall that ours stands today at 86 % ) ; the remainder of the surplus each year was used for tax relief ; the income tax was reduced by half and incidental taxes were eliminated .
McTigue writes :
“ We need to recognize that the main problem with subsidies is that they make people dependent ; and when you make people dependent , they lose their innovation and their creativity , and become even more dependent .
Reform took all government support away from the New Zealand sheep farmers .
The process changed the farmers ’ position from a receipt of about 44 percent of its income from government , to zero subsidies .
In 1984 , lambs ’ market was $ 12.50 per carcass .
By 1989 , producing a different product , processing it in a different way , and selling it in different markets delivered $ 30 .
By 1991 , the product was worth $ 42 ; by 1994 , it was worth $ 74 ; and by 1999 , it was worth $ 115 .
Rolling back government let the New Zealand sheep industry go to the marketplace to find people who would pay higher prices for its product .
Such reform delivered a loss of only three - quarters of one percent of the farming enterprises — and those were people who should not have been in farming .
Instead of a turn to corporate farming , family farming expanded .
Freedom demonstrated that if you give people no choice but to be creative and innovative , they will find solutions . ”
Thinking differently about government , New Zealand eliminated all the Boards of Education in New Zealand .
Every single school came under the control of a board of trustees elected by parents of the children at that school , and by nobody else .
The new accountability gave the schools a block of money based on the number of students that went to them , with no strings attached .
All schools were converted to this system on the same day .
Privately - owned schools were funded the same way .
All of a sudden , teachers realized that if they lost their students , they would lose their funding ; and if they lost their funding , they would lose their jobs .
New Zealand moved from being 15 percent below its international peers to 15 percent above .
New Zealand ’s reform government decided that providing social services and changing behaviors do not have any place in a rational system of tax collection .
So they selected only two methods for gathering revenue — a lowered tax on income , and a flat tax on consumption .
All other forms of taxation were eliminated , period .
Deregulators rewrote the statutes on which all regulations were based .
All environmental laws , tax codes , farm acts , occupational safety and health acts — the whole lot , every single one .
Laws that were 25 inches thick were reduced to mere hundreds of pages .
New statutes repealed all of the old .
The goal was only the best possible environment for industry to thrive .
And , thrive it has , or it seems to have .
McTigue has not responded to my request for updates on the status of this remarkable transformation , but , I see aggressive ads for New Zealand in many places .
u201CNew Zealand is now an entrepreneurial power houseu201D is part of one such invitation for people to invest and live there .
Claims that the country is u201 Cin a better position to face the global storm ,  is u201 Cranked first as the least corrupt ,  is u201C5th freest economy in the world ,  and , is u201 Cfirst in the world for protecting investorsu201D all strike a great and jubilant cry of markets and people who have pulled themselves back from the brink .
New Zealand said no to death by debt ; could n’t we ?
The Best of Floy Lilley
From a press release from Villanova University , more worry .
I do n’t know about the researchers experiences , but my property is overrun with the Western Fence Lizard .
I can hardly avoid stepping on them there are so many around the house .
Personally , I do n’t understand the linkage between warmer temperatures and lizard extinction as I ’ve yet to see a lizard who did n’t want to warm itself up in direct sunshine or on heat radiating rocks / concrete / asphalt .
Maybe the researchers never saw the story about Iguanas dying and falling out of trees due to cold this past winter .
Anyway , I ’ll sure miss Godzilla .
Study documents widespread extinction of lizard populations due to climate change
International team of biologists , including Villanova University ’s Dr. Aaron Bauer , find alarming pattern of population extinctions attributable to rising temperatures .
An international team of biologists has found an alarming pattern of population extinctions attributable to rising temperatures .
If current trends continue , up to 20 percent of all lizard species are predicted to go extinct by 2080 .
The study was published in the May 14th issue of Science .
The researchers , led by Barry Sinervo , professor of ecology and evolutionary biology at the University of California , Santa Cruz , conducted a major survey of lizard populations worldwide , studied the effects of rising temperatures on lizards , and used their findings to develop a predictive model of extinction risk .
Their model accurately predicted specific locations on five continents ( North and South America , Europe , Africa , and Australia ) where previously studied lizard populations have already gone locally extinct .
Based on the predicted probabilities of local extinction , the probability of species extinction was estimated to be 6 percent by 2050 and 20 percent by 2080 .
As the ongoing extinction of populations is directly related to climate change , limiting the carbon dioxide production that is driving global warming is crucial for avoiding the wave of lizard extinction in future .
“ We did a lot of work on the ground to validate the model and show that the extinctions are the result of climate change , ” Sinervo said .
“ None of these are due to habitat loss .
These sites are not disturbed in any way , and most of them are in national parks or other protected areas . ”
While recent global extinctions of amphibians are not directly related to climate change , but largely due to the spread of disease , the ongoing extinctions of lizards are due to climate warming from 1975 to the present .
The disappearance of lizard populations was first recognized in France and then in Mexico , where 12 percent of the local populations had gone extinct since the lizards had previously been studied .
Although the lizards normally bask in the sun to warm up , higher temperatures exceeding their physiological limits keep them in the shade , restricting their activity and preventing them from foraging for food .
The researchers used these findings to develop a model of extinction risk based on maximum air temperatures , the physiologically active body temperature of each species , and the hours in which its activity would be restricted by temperature .
The model accurately predicted the disappearance of Mexican lizards and was then extended globally to lizards in 34 different families on five continents and validated by comparing the predicted results with actual local extinctions .
Data for African lizards was provided by Villanova University professor Aaron Bauer , whose research focuses on the evolution of geckos and other reptiles in the Southern Hemisphere .
Bauer , who is the Gerald M. Lemole M.D. Endowed Chair of Integrative Biology , has worked in southern Africa for more than 20 years and has described more than 100 new species of lizards from around the world .
Although the predicted extinction risk for the African lizards studied was low , neighboring Madagascar can expect to lose many species and extensive local extinctions have already been documented .
“ In many parts of the world , lizards are almost certainly going extinct due to climate change before their very existence is known to biologists ” said Bauer , whose research is funded by the National Science Foundation .
Bauer believes that most Americans , particularly those in the northeast , where there are few – often inconspicuous – lizard species , are unaware of their ecological importance .
However , the disappearance of lizard populations is likely to have repercussions up and down the food chain .
Lizards are important prey for many birds , snakes , and other animals , and they are important predators of insects .
The climate projections used to model extinction risks assume a continuation of current trends in carbon dioxide emissions from human activities .
Many of the extinctions projected for 2080 could be avoided if global efforts to reduce emissions are successful , but it may be too late to avoid the losses predicted for 2050 .
###
Funding for this study came from grants from the National Geographic Society , National Science Foundation , and a diversity of international funding bodies .
================================================
In fairness , a second press release , from AAAS about the same subject issued minutes after the Villanova release at least has some supporting data imagery .
See below .
In fact , there was a group of rapid fire press releases withing minutes that hit Eurekalert :
================================================
As global temperatures rise , the world ’s lizards are disappearing
20 percent of all lizard species could be extinct by 2080 , researchers say
This press release is available in Chinese , Japanese , Spanish , French , Portuguese and Finnish .
Surveying Sceloporus lizard populations in Mexico , an international research team has found that rising temperatures have driven 12 percent of the country ’s lizard populations to extinction .
An extinction model based on this discovery also forecasts a grim future for these ecologically important critters , predicting that a full 20 percent of all lizard species could be extinct by the year 2080 .
The detailed surveys of lizard populations in Mexico , collected from 200 different sites , indicate that the temperatures in those regions have changed too rapidly for the lizards to keep pace .
It seems that all types of lizards are far more susceptible to climate - warming extinction than previously thought because many species are already living right at the edge of their thermal limits , especially at low elevation and low latitude range limits .
Caption : Global maps of observed local extinctions in 2009 , and projections for 2050 and 2080 based on geographic distributions of lizard families of the world .
Although the researchers ’ prediction for 2080 could change if humans are able to slow global climate warming , it does appear that lizards have crossed a threshold for extinctions — and that their sharp decline will continue for decades at least .of California in Santa Cruz , along with colleagues from across the globe , reached these conclusions after comparing their field studies of the lizards in Mexico with extensive data from around the world .
Their research will be published in the May 14 issue of Science , the peer - reviewed journal published by AAAS , the nonprofit science society .
After compiling the global field data , Sinervo and his colleagues studied the effects of rising temperatures on lizards ’ bodies , and created a model of extinction risks for various lizard species around the world .
Their model accurately predicted specific locations on five continents where populations of lizards have recently gone extinct , and it might inform researchers on how these patterns of extinction will continue in the future .
“ How quickly can Earth ’s lizards adapt to the rising global temperatures ?
That ’s the important question , ” Sinervo said .
“ We are actually seeing lowland species moving upward in elevation , slowly driving upland species extinct , and if the upland species can’t evolve fast enough then they ’re going to continue to go extinct . ”
According to the researchers ’ global model , which is derived from today ’s trends of carbon dioxide emissions from human activities , about six percent of lizard species are due for extinction by the year 2050 .
Since carbon dioxide hangs around in the atmosphere for decades , the researchers say that this statistic can no longer be avoided .
However , they do say that concentrated global efforts to reduce carbon dioxide in the atmosphere could possibly avert the 2080 scenarios , in which 20 percent of lizard species are expected to disappear from the planet .
The detailed study notes specifically that lizards that bear live young are particularly at risk of extinction , compared to those that lay eggs .
“ Live - bearers experience almost twice the risk of egg - layers largely because live - bearers have evolved lower body temperatures that heighten extinction risk , ” Sinervo said .
“ We are literally watching these species disappear before our eyes . ”
Sinervo began focusing his attention on lizard extinctions after he noticed an obvious trend during his field work in France .
He identified an unsettling pattern of lizard extinctions with French researchers , Jean Clobert and Benoit Heulin , while they were surveying some of their well - documented populations .
Disturbed by their findings , they contacted colleagues around the world — Jack Sites and Donald Miles in the United States , Fausto Méndez - de - la - Cruz in Mexico , and Carlos Frederico Duarte Rocha in Brazil — and a global collaboration ensued .
“ This work is a fine example of interdisciplinary science and international collaboration , using methods and data from a range of scientific disciplines to improve confidence in the prediction of the biological effects of contemporary climate change , and in particular showing how long - term records and research are so crucial to the understanding of ecological change , ” said Andrew Sugden , the International Managing Editor of Science .
“ We would never have been able to do this without certain free , online tools like Google Scholar and Google Earth , ” Sinervo said .
“ It took us awhile to pinpoint the appropriate search terms .
But once we did , we locked onto key published studies .
I was surprised at how fast researchers began sending us data …
That ’s what happens though :
When scientists see a problem , with global evidence backing it , they come together . ”
In order to fine - tune their model with this surprising global outpouring of data , Sinervo and his colleagues used a small electronic device that mimics the body temperature of a lizard basking in the sun .
They placed these thermal models in sun-drenched areas for four months at sites in Mexico where lizard populations were still thriving — and at sites where they have already gone extinct .
“ There are periods of the day when lizards ca n’t be out , and essentially have to retreat to cooler places , ” Sinervo said .
“ When they ’re not out and about , lizards are n’t foraging for food .
So we assessed how many hours of the day lizards would have been driven out of the sun at these different locations .
Then , we were able to parameterize our global model . ”
For the authors , who claim a deep appreciation for these lizards and the important role the reptiles play in the global food chain , these findings are both “ devastating and heart - wrenching . ”
But , they say , hope does remain for the world ’s lizards .
“ If the governments of the world can implement a concerted change to limit our carbon dioxide emissions , then we could bend the curve and hold levels of extinction to the 2050 scenarios , ” Sinervo concluded .
“ But it has to be a global push … I do n’t want to tell my child that we once had a chance to save these lizards , but we did n’t .
I want to do my best to save them while I can . ”
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
[ Dennis ] is using a robotic arm as a chess opponent .
Rather than using an under - board movement system , a Lynxmotion AL5A robotic arm plucks each piece and moves it to the next space .
He tells us that he ’s using a Python script that he created to process the moves and decide what ’s next .
That must mean he ’s using a webcam to capture the location of the pieces on the board .
About half way through you can see the robot run into one of the pawns .
We ’d like to know if he has problems with picking up the pieces as the game progresses and they get further away from the center of each square .
From what we can see , looks like a great job !
Position : Right Wing
Age 18
Date of Birth : December 13 , 1991
Place of Birth : Yaroslavl , Russia
Height : 5 ' 11 " Weight : 180 lbs .
( Note : Vladimir seems to have a case of variable measurement syndrome - about half the scouting services have him listed at 5 ' 10 " , 165 , and the others at 6 '0 , 191 !
I 've decided to bet on the average until and unless there 's an official measurement performed at the NHL combine . )
Shoots : Left
The 2nd highest ranked European player according to NHL Central Scouting , and fourth ranked prospect overall according to International Scouting Services , Tarasenko was first runner up for the KHL 's 2009 rookie of the year award , playing with HC Sibir .
The son of Andrei Tarasenko , former RSL scoring champion and Olympian , he 's an attractive talent , but the question of how difficult it might be to get him out of Russia could make him a bit too much of a gamble for many teams .
2009 - 2010 Regular Season Stats :
GP G A PTS +/- PIM 42 13 11 24 9 18
Scouting Report : ( Hockey 's Future )
Tarasenko is a very good goal scorer with quick hands and lethal shot .
He sees the ice well and owns playmaking skills too .
He likes to play hard and is strong on his skates .
The 5 '11 , 202 - pounder has played for national team since 2008 .
Tarasenko's 18 points ( 10 goals , 8 assists ) in 28 KHL games is the best in the KHL in his age group .
He just turned 18 in December .
At the recent WJC , Tarasenko was third in scoring with four goals and one assist .
He played on the second line with Alexander Burmistrov ( 2010 ) of the Barrie Colts .
Why he'd be a good fit in Columbus :
A fast , aggressive player with strong defensive responsibilities , Tarasenko could well fit into the blueprint that Scott Howson 's been drawing up for the Blue Jackets , able to rush up the ice and make plays , but still defensively responsible .
Most scouts see Tarasenko as a future top line forward , and his explosive skating and dangerous shot have lead to comparisons with Alexander Ovechkin , but the lack of physical play in Tarasenko 's game and likely difficulty in getting him to leave the KHL ( Tarasenko has already said he is under contract to Sibir through 2011 ) makes it a risk , particularly given the franchise 's experiences with Nikita Filatov .
Tarasenko In Action :
KUALA LUMPUR — Fatwa , imam , hajj — words that have passed the lips of millions of people in the Muslim world and beyond .
Here in Malaysia , where religious tensions periodically simmer and boil , non-Muslims can be jailed up to a year for writing or uttering them outside of an Islamic context .
More than two dozen words and phrases are banned for non-Muslims by a law that ostensibly seeks to prevent members of other religions , chiefly Christians , from trying to convert Muslims , who make up about 60 percent of Malaysia ’s population .
Until recently the ban , which carries a maximum one - year prison sentence , was obscure : it has only been used once in court , according to Pawancheek Marican , a Malaysian lawyer who has written about it .
Now a debate about these banned words has become the latest chapter in what is known here as the Allah issue .
A US gamer has been banned from ever buying another iPad .
Why ?
He reached his " lifetime limit " .
Who knew that such a limit existed ?
Not The Reg .
Using the handle Protocol Snow , the now - banned iPad buyer tells his story of intrigue in a personal blog post .
But be forewarned : as he notes , the post " is getting hammered with traffic and load times are quite substantial " .
So let us summarize - and include one mildly edited bit of dialog between our blogger and what might kindly be described as tightly - controlled Apple Store retail droids .
It seems Snow wanted to pass a few iPads to fellow NeoGAF gaming forum members outside the US who were craving their own " magical and revolutionary " devices , but whose hopes had been dashed by Apple 's decision to delay international iPad sales by a month .
And so , being a Good iSamaritan , he took it upon himself to buy multiple iPads and ship them to his fellow gamers , charging them only enough extra to cover tax , shipping , insurance , and Paypal credit card fees .
But it was not to be .
After buying just a few iPads and shipping them off to his friends , Snow was thwarted in his attempt to continue his mission of multitouch mercy .
After two Apple Employees - identified in the tale as Guy # 1 and Guy # 2 - check his identity via credit card , Guy # 2 informs him : " There is a limit to the number of iPads that customers can buy . "
Our protagonist ask what that limit might be , and Guy # 2 answers : " Only 2 per customer . "
At that point , Guy # 1 returns , and the conversation takes on a Kafkaesque quality :
Guy # 1 : I 'm sorry sir , but you have reached your lifetime limit of iPad purchases and will not be allowed to buy any more .
Me : Is the iPad limit per person ?
Per credit card ?
Per household ?
Guy # 1 : All I can say is that you have reached your lifetime limit .
Me :
What does that mean ?
Can I use a different credit card to buy it ?
I 'm buying this for a friend .
Guy # 1 : You are not allowed to buy this iPad .
Me : Uhh ... is it okay if I have a family member or friend come to buy it for me ?
My reservation does n't expire until 6:00 pm .
Guy # 1 : All I can say is that you have reached your lifetime limit .
Me : Wait , what ?
Lifetime ?
What does that mean ?
Guy # 1 : All I can say is that you have reached your lifetime limit of iPads and will not be allowed to buy any more .
Me : I 'm banned from buying iPads ?
I know there 's a shortage right now , but I can't buy any more once there 's plenty of stock ?
Guy # 1 : All I can say is that you have reached your lifetime limit .
Me : Okay buddy , I 'm not going to make a scene so I 'm leaving .
How many iPads is the limit by the way ?
Guy # 1 : That information is not available .
Me ( looking at Guy # 2 , who has been silent this whole time ) :
He tells me that the limit is two .
Guy # 1 : I wish I could say but I do not have that information .
Me : I 've already purchased more than two iPads .
Why did n't anybody else stop me in the past ?
Guy # 1 : I wish I could say but I do not have that information .
Me : Alright , I 've had enough .
Have a good day .
It would seem that Snow has reached his lifetime limit .
Should a 128GB iPad be released that comes complete with video conferencing , LTE or WiMAX connectivity , an OLED display , and perhaps even an SD card slot , a lifetime ban would mean that he will be - now and forever - S.O.L .
When his story was linked to by Valleywag , one commenter , self - described as an Apple Store employee , noted : " The employee got it wrong .
The * daily * limit is two iPads per day .
The ' lifetime limit ' is ten . "
And this Appleonian said that there 's a reason for this restriction .
" Nothing is sadder than seeing the look on a little kid's face when you do n't have the toy they want , because you just personally sold the last half - dozen to a shady guy in sunglasses who reeks of cigarette smoke .
It gets old really fast . "
In other words , Apple is clamping down on the gray market .
Hard , apparently .
And , in traditional Cupertinian fashion , they 're not providing users with anything more than the absolute minimum information about their policies .
We can only hope that the Apple Store employee who posted to Valleywag does n't now find himself in hot water . ®
Note : if you are not familiar with PEP 345 , you might want to read it to understand this entry .
It adds for instance “ Requires - Dist ” that is similar to setuptools ’ install_requires and provides a standard for dependencies description .
The GSOC has started and we are already working on a lot of tasks about packaging .
The main difficulty is to make sure each student works without overlapping with others , and never get blocked .
That ’s why we will have weekly meetings with ( almost ) everyone .
In parallel , the nice posse from the Montreal user group is organizing Distutils sprints quite often now .
That means that we now have an important manpower for Distutils and things are starting to speed up .
There ’s one controversial topic though , that we need to straighten up : do we want to add an installer in Distutils2 ?
And since Distutils2 goal is to be back in the stdlib for Python 3.2 , that means : do we want to add an installer in the stdlib ?
My answer so far is Yes .
And that ’s what I ’ll be working on unless someone is able to change my mind 🙂
What is Distutils2 ?
Let me explain first what is the Distutils2 project , and what we want it to provide .
Like its predecessor , Distutils2 wants to provide two things :
a toolbox for third packaging tools , whether they are simple installers or full featured package managers ( PyPM , Pip , Enthought Installer etc . . ) .
This toolbox will include ( if not already ) reference implementation of PEP 345 , PEP 376 , PEP 386 .
In other words , if you want to create the next killer packaging system , you can use modules like distutils2.version ( PEP 386 ) or distutils2.metadata ( PEP 345 ) to build it , without depending on the “ everything is a command ” philosophy of Distutils .
a standalone tool that can be used to install or remove distributions .
That ’s what Distutils is and that ’s what we want to provide in the future in Distutils2 .
The ability to install projects ( and therefore its dependencies since this is a new metadata field we added in PEP 345 ) .
The controversy is about 2 .
It ’s controversial to provide a script that installs dependencies via PyPI into distutils2 because some projects like Pip already provides this feature .
Our current packaging ecosystem explained
A few years ago , before Setuptools added the ability to install dependencies via easy_install , installing a distribution of a given project was as simple as running a python setup.py install .
This was installing the distribution in the target system , in proper locations defined by the install command .
That ’s it .
Setuptools grew organically on the top of Distutils to provide new metadata like the “ install_requires ” field , that lists dependencies .
Setuptools provided two things :
A new install command that triggers the installation of dependencies , by reading the setuptools - specific “ install_requires ” metadata , and fetching dependencies at PyPI and installing them recursively .
that triggers the installation of dependencies , by reading the setuptools - specific “ install_requires ” metadata , and fetching dependencies at PyPI and installing them recursively .
An easy_install script that can be used to install a distribution located at PyPI .
That ’s just a bootstrap on the top of the new install command .
In other words , it grabs the archive at PyPI , unpack it , and run “ python setup.py install ” on it .
In other words , your Python project setup.py is the installer itself because when you use setuptools , it calls its specific install command and triggers the installation chain .
That ’s when the mess started : people that did n’t have setuptools installed could n’t install projects that was using it of course .
So the solution that was provided was to propose an ez_setup .py script that you have to include in your project and to run when setup.py is used , to be able to run your installation .
In other words , your setup.py is bootstrapping the utilization / installation of setuptools .
And that turned out to be really messy since Setuptools has its own way for installing things .
I hope I do n’t sound harsh here , Setuptools is the best thing that happened to packaging in years .
And a lot of our current work is to bring back its features into the “ main stream ” .
The result is that you , as a end user , do not control what installer is going to be used , and you end up with a site - packages that has projects installed differently , and that uses different installers .
I am strongly against this behavior because of the mess it creates .
In my opinion a python source distribution should not embed an installer and force its usage like this .
We need to separate concerns : a python source project should be a dumb container with the code , and with some metadata .
Then Pip showed up .
Pip is an installer script that grabs the project you want to install and run “ python setup.py install ” on it .
That ’s all it does when the project is a plain Distutils one .
When it encounter Setuptools projects , it blocks the installation of the project ’s dependencies I have described earlier , and installs it like a simple Distutils project .
Then , it analyzes its dependencies and installs each one of them separately .
That ’s really the way to go because it breaks what setuptools is enforcing : projects are not installing other projects in the process anymore .
And in the long term , it will allow us to get rid of setup .py ( but that ’s another blog post ) .
And I hope Pip will soon be able to install Distutils2 projects because it is providing unifi ed metadata ( distutils+setuptools -> PEP 345 ) .
Distutils2 vs Pip
So as I said before : it ’s controversial to provide a script that installs dependencies via PyPI into distutils2 because Pip already provides this feature .
But one Distutils2 goal ( like Distutils ) is to provide a command to install a Distribution of your system so it works .
And the concept of “ Distribution ” has evolved , thanks to PEP 345 .
this means that it needs to install dependencies now , exactly the way Pip does .
We could just tell people to install Pip on the top of the stdlib .
But the goal is to provide in the stdlib a working packaging environment , that provides a minimum set of features .
The goal is to have something that works when you install Python 3.2 , like what was provided when distutils was brought in ( eg batteries included ) .
Mac OS
X includes easy_install , I do n’t see any good reason not to include a package installer in the Python stdlib itself .
At least , we will be able to have a control on what script gets installed by default with Python .
That ’s why I have proposed to include Pip in Distutils2 but Ian and Carl seems a bit reluctant for various reasons .
One of them is that having Pip included in the stdlib will slow down their work .
I do n’t think this is true as long as it ’s included carefully .
If Distutils2 allows its installer to be replaced through configuration by another one , then Pip can have new releases independently from the version included in the stdlib and people can upgrade their system without having to wait for the next Python release .
In any case , we are working on the various bits that are composing an installer in Distutils 2 during GSOC since one of the goal of the project as I said earlier , is to provide a toolbox .
So if the merge does not occur , it ’s likely that we will start a installer / uninstaller script in Distutils2 , and it will look a lot like Pip I guess .
EDIT : to make things clearer , when I am saying that both projects should merge , I am only referring to the raw “ install with dependencies ” features in Pip , and not all the other features .
Two dozen fourth graders from the Chapin School , all in regulation green vests that were dotted with badges , popped up from their chairs to recite the Pledge of Allegiance and the Girl Scout promise : “ On my honor . ... ”
The girls , members of Troop 3157 of the Junior Girl Scouts , had a snack — string cheese — and discussed the troop ’s closing ceremony in June , where they would present the fruits of their “ create your own business ” projects .
These include custom pillows , knitted iPod cases and baked goods for people with food allergies .
Then it was on to the day ’s outing : a trip to a local landmark .
“ O.K. , ” said the troop leader , Alyssa Moeder .
“ Who knows what Gracie Mansion is ? ”
“ It ’s where the mayors used to live , ” answered a petite , curly - haired 10 - year - old named Grace .
“ But Mayor Bloomberg does n’t live there , ” she confided .
“ Why ? ” asked Missy Rice , co-leader of the troop .
ETH - Zurich physicists have developed a new kind of laser that shatters the boundaries of possibility : it is by far the smallest electrically pumped laser in the world and one day could revolutionize chip technology .
It took a good one and a half years from the idea to its inception ; a time when Christoph Walther , a PhD student in the Quantum Optoelectronics Group at ETH Zurich , spent days and nights in the FIRST lab .
This was because ETH Zurich 's state - of - the - art clean - room facility provided him with the ideal conditions to set a new record in laser technology : the physicist teamed up with four colleagues and developed the smallest electrically pumped laser in the world to date .
Much smaller than the wavelength
It 's 30 micrometers long -- that 's 30 millionths of a meter -- eight micrometers high and has a wavelength of 200 micrometers .
This makes the laser considerably smaller than the wavelength of the light it emits -- a scientific first .
After all , lasers normally can't be smaller than their wavelength , the reason being that in conventional lasers light waves cause an optic resonator to oscillate -- much like acoustic waves do to the soundbox of a guitar .
In doing so , the light waves basically " travel " back and forth between two mirrors .
The principle only works if the mirrors are larger than the wavelength of the laser .
Consequently , normal lasers are limited in terms of their size .
Other researchers have endeavored to push the boundaries ; " But by developing a completely new laser concept we were able to go quite a way below the limit , " says Christoph Walther .
Inspired by electronics
In developing their laser concept , Christoph Walther and some of his team mates under his supervisor Jérôme Faist , professor and head of ETH Zurich 's Institute of Quantum Electronics , were inspired by electronics .
" Instead of the usual optic resonators , we use an electrical resonant circuit made up of an inductor and two capacitors , " explains Walther .
The light is effectively " captured " in it and induced into self - sustaining electromagnetic oscillations on the spot using an optical amplifier .
" This means the size of the resonator is no longer limited by the wavelength of the light and can in principle -- and that 's what makes it so special -- be scaled down to whatever size you want . "
This prospect especially makes the microlaser interesting for chip manufacturers -- as an optic alternative to the transistors .
" If we manage to approximate the transistors in terms of size using the microlasers , one day they could be used to build electro - optic chips with an extremely high concentration of electronic and optic components , " says Christoph Walther .
These could one day considerably speed up the exchange of data on microprocessors .
The southern Afghan province of Kandahar trusts the Taliban more than the government .
And that 's according to a survey commissioned by the U.S. Army .
Kandahar is expected to be the focal point of operations for U.S. and NATO troops this summer , but a poll recently conducted by the Army 's controversial social science program , the Human Terrain System ( HTS ) , is warning that rampant local corruption , and a lack of security , could undermine coalition efforts to win the support of the local population .
Among other things , the survey 's authors warned that a lack of confidence in the Afghan government " sets conditions for a disenfranchised population to respond either by not supporting the government due to its inability to deliver improvements in the quality of life or , worse yet , by supporting the Taliban . "
The unclassified report ( .pdf ) is worth examining for several reasons .
For starters , it addresses many of the questions raised by Maj.
Gen. Michael Flynn , the top U.S. intelligence officer in Afghanistan .
In an assessment made public earlier this year , Flynn complained that the coalition lacked a real understanding of the cultural context of the insurgency , and said troops needed richer information about the communities they were trying to engage .
That 's where HTS is supposed to come in .
Originally , the program was focused on embedding social scientists and anthropologists within brigades .
But as several people close to the program tell Danger Room , there is now an emphasis on larger - scale polls run by local contractors as a way to obtain a larger picture of the situation .
Both polling and embedding researchers have their risks , and their shortcomings :
Two HTS social scientists have been killed in Afghanistan , but conducting surveys , even through local companies , can also be perilous .
The survey draws on a total of 1,994 interviews covering nine of Kandahar Province 's 16 districts .
But it leaves out seven crucial districts :
As the survey 's authors note , there are " inherent dangers associated with conducting surveys in a conflict zone " like Kandahar Province , and interviewers stayed out of areas with active violence .
In other words , the survey leaves out the populations that most need to be understood , at least from the coalition 's perspective .
Still , the results are telling .
Interviewers queried residents of Kandahar on everything from quality of services like clean water , electricity to the availability of primary schooling for girls and boys and medical care .
They also asked local residents about security government effectiveness .
Among the findings : Security on the roads is a major issue for residents of Kandahar .
" When respondents are asked if they feel unsafe traveling within their district or around the province , in eight out of ten districts , at least half say they are unsafe , " the study says .
And the biggest threat to security while traveling in the province , respondents said : Army and police checkpoints .
Likewise , attitudes in the south are generally sympathetic to the Taliban .
Reconciliation with the insurgency is a popular concept in the province , and a significant majority of respondents viewed Taliban as " our Afghan brothers . "
Some 84 percent cited " corruption " as the main reason for the conflict .
But most of that corruption in on the government side : 53 percent said the Taliban cannot be corrupted .
Finally , there 's a significant amount of skepticism about the local police and security forces .
" The primary reason respondents in Kandahar consider joining the ANSF [ Afghan National Security Forces ] is the desire for a job and a paycheck , " the study says .
" Respondents are deterred from considering a career in the ANSF because of the dangers .
Across all districts , the ANP [ Afghan National Police ] is viewed as a more dangerous profession than the ANA [ Afghan National Army ] . "
[ PHOTO : U.S. Department of Defense ]
New research coming out of Grant MacEwan University in Alberta , Canada has left us feeling a little ... creepy .
It turns out that gamers and those who have lucid dreams -- in which the person is aware of the fact that they 're dreaming and can sometimes control the dreams -- have a few things in common .
Namely , both are usually less prone to motion sickness and possess better spatial skills , as well as demonstrating higher levels of concentration .
This led Jayne Gackenbach -- whose previous work had been in the field of lucid dreaming -- to surmise that incessant gamers might just be more likely to also be lucid dreamers .
And guess what ?
Her research corroborated that -- and a second study revealed even more interesting tidbits -- such as the fact that gamers are also more likely to switch from first person to third person " out of body " views in dreams , as well .
So , where does all of this lead us ?
Gackenbach sees the data and findings as applicable in the treatment of persistent nightmares , which can often be " ended " if the dreamer is able to take control of the situation , and ultimately could help treat certain stress - related disorders like PTSD .
We 'll have to see what the future holds , but we certainly are n't surprised to hear that heavy gamers can be cool even as they sleep .
Anna Lappé ’s latest book , Diet for a Hot Planet : The Climate Crisis at the End of Your Fork and What You Can Do About
It , investigates the intersection between the environmental crisis and the food system in more detail than any book that has come before it .
Lappé ’s rendering makes us realize the imperative of addressing these issues , and empowers us to do so by demystifying corporate spin , giving thorough examples of people making change , debunking the myths for maintaining the status quo , and more .
Lappé talked to me last week about climate friendly farming , policy and the state of the food movement .
CIVIL EATS :
Why do you think these issues , food and the environment , have remained separated for so long ?
ANNA LAPPÉ : We already did know a lot about the impact food does have on the environment , but to learn what a key driver food and agriculture are in terms of deforestation , in terms of nitrous oxide and methane emissions , and overall that the food sector is contributing a third of greenhouse gas emissions — and yet we never hear about it .
As we ’ve seen agriculture become much more of an industrialized process , I think there has been a real consciousness shift where for many of us there is n’t a connection anymore between food and nature .
I think its made sense politically that the biggest sectors contributing to climate change — energy and transport — have gotten most of the focus in terms of our understanding about climate change .
But now that there ’s even more understanding about how much we absolutely need to get emissions down , we are starting to realize that we need to widen the focus to all sectors that are contributing .
CE : Do you see environmental organizations coming around and starting to take food on as a cause ?
Get the latest articles in your inbox .
AL : Food and agriculture use 70 % of all the earth ’s clean water sources , and when you look at the fact that its largely agricultural - chemical runoff that is contributing to dead zones in the gulf of Mexico , the Chesapeake Bay and all around the world , you could go down a long list of the environmental impacts of food , and you could say to yourself , should n’t all environmental groups have food as one of their key platforms ?
So I still do n’t think we ’re at a place where food is as central as I think it could and should be , but I do think its interesting to see how in the past couple of years many groups that have historically just focused on more traditional environmental issues are starting to develop campaigns that focus on food .
CE : When most people think about the environmental impact of food they often start talking about food miles .
How does transportation of food rank in the overall picture of the impact of the food system on the environment ?
AL : Food miles , the hundred mile diet , and the locavore movement have gotten a lot of press .
Of course greenhouse gas emissions are just one piece of environmental impact , but if you look at those related to the food on our plate what you find is that transportation is actually a tiny percentage .
What matters more is the production practices the farmer chose to use , whether synthetic fertilizers or agricultural chemicals were involved , and how well the soil was managed .
What I ’ve heard a lot of people say then is , “ oh then local does n’t matter . ”
But I think what is important is for us to develop a more sophisticated understanding of what we mean by local .
The locavores that I know , they do n’t just care about how many miles away their food is , but they are making that choice for local food because of a whole set of values .
CE :
There seemed to be a real shift in the debate when the UN report , “ Livestock ’s Long Shadow ” came out in 2006 .
Now they are considering revising the report .
How you think this report could be improved upon or expanded ?
AL : What I noticed when I was reading Livestock ’s Long Shadow is a real honesty in the presentation of the data .
I think its a very sophisticated report , but I think that they were also very clear [ in saying ] more research needs to be done .
This is really trying to pin a flag on the board to say we need to be looking at the livestock sector .
These are highly complicated systems that we are talking about , and they are also moving systems in the sense that things are constantly changing .
I think that we should n’t get too focused on bickering over the percentages .
To the extent that [ Livestock ’s Long Shadow and ] the other studies that my book is based on put food and agriculture on the map is really important and the more we study them the more we ’ll learn about what is causing this crisis and what we can do to address it .
CE : The healthcare bill has passed , and the Senate is pushing the climate change bill forward , but agriculture is largely left out .
Is there is an obvious place for us to begin this debate again ?
AL : Waxman - Markey [ shows us ] how agribusiness could lobby in the future in terms of the climate bill and the farm bill .
They lobbied [ House Agriculture Chairman ]
Collin Peterson to get into Waxman - Markey provisions that would have made it possible to get carbon offsets for chemical no - till farming , [ and ] would have [ boosted ] corn - based ethanol .
I ’m worried about are two things : first , that agriculture will be left out of the climate bill , and second , that it will be put in , but put in in the wrong way , that it will look like subsidizing more of the same agriculture that we already know is causing so much of the [ climate ] crisis and not helping us solve it .
CE : How do we convince farmers that climate - friendly farming is good for them , too — including their bottom line ?
AL : Unfortunately , a lot of farmers are locked into a certain way of farming that relies heavily on fossil fuels because of policies that have been put in place over the years that have created a certain kind of infrastructure that caters to and benefits large - scale commodity and livestock factory farms , and really shuts out more diverse crop farming , smaller - scale farming and a more regionalized system .
So I think that its not fair to say , farmers , you should just wake up all of a sudden and change your practices .
In the same way that we think about the infrastructure changes that need to happen in the transportation and the energy sectors , we need to think about the same revolution in the food sector .
I do n’t think anyone would expect somebody living in a town without a bus system , subway system or high speed rail to take public transportation to work , and we certainly would n’t expect them to be digging the subway tunnel themselves , or putting in a high - speed rail line themselves .
With bold changes to the food sector , you create opportunities for farmers who want to be farming in ways that are better for the environment , because you ’ve actually built the infrastructure that they can tap into .
CE : You spend a large part of your book discussing the ‘ spin ’ in the debate around environmental issues in agriculture .
Why was it important to you to deconstruct these ideas ?
AL : I felt that it was so important to talk about greenwashing , because we ’re seeing an incredible number of examples of companies rebranding themselves as a caretaker of the environment , without really actually substantively changing their practices .
I think there ’s two things that we can learn from that :
First , if a company like BP is going to spend hundreds of millions of dollars to rebrand itself as green , they ’re only doing that because they actually think people care , and that to me in an odd way is kind of reassuring and positive .
And second , we have to be more savvy about really assessing when companies are substantively changing their practices , and when they are just coming up with a logo and a new campaign slogan .
And part of that savviness is understanding that there are some companies and there are some practices that by their very nature are not good for the environment .
CE : One of the questions you tackle head on in this book is whether sustainable agriculture has what it takes to feed the world .
Why do you think the arguments about yield are not telling the whole story ?
AL : Yield is this really crude figure that does n’t tell us that much at all .
For instance with chemical agriculture , it does n’t express the cost of agricultural chemicals in terms of the price the farmers had to pay , or the costs of synthetic fertilizer in terms of the deterioration of the soil , or the impact of the chemical runoff from the fields as far as local water quality and public health .
And yield is only just a snapshot of the moment .
It does n’t help us understand what the yield might be next year , the year after , or the year after that .
There ’s been some really good studies in some of the areas in India , farmers that were suppose to be the sort of proving ground of the high yield of chemical farming and the so - called green revolution , and what you find is that , if you look over time , and when I went to the Punjab I saw this first hand , is yes you had a spike in yield in the beginning of the introduction of these agricultural chemicals and these water - intensive industrial agricultural practices , but over the years you saw yield fall not just back to the levels before chemicals were introduced , but actually fall far below these levels .
At the same time , you saw a total devastation of the local economy as farmers became indebted to the banks because they had to buy these chemicals .
The second thing about yield is that I think there is some pretty compelling evidence , which I write about in the book , that if you look at organic agriculture that is done in a very knowledge - intensive way — by organic agriculture I do n’t mean just take away the chemicals , I mean developing , honing , advancing practices working with nature for soil fertility , pest resistance , weed management — what you see is that yields can actually be comparable .
Not to mention all the other benefits of the added soil health and the added human health of not being exposed to toxic chemicals , and of course the added benefit of farmers not having to pay for inputs .
CE : Some say that we should embrace the risks of biotechnology because we do n’t have a choice .
Why do you disagree ?
AL : I think this idea that we have to embrace risk is total scaremongering on the part of the biotech industry .
I mentioned studies in the book that are showing that we have these agro-ecological , natural ways to create farms and soils that are healthier , able to withstand drought [ and ] flooding that we know [ are ] going to become more extreme .
I think we can look back historically at all the promises the biotech industry has made about what their crops are going to do and see that each one of those promises has fallen flat , and at the same time there ’s been a lot of unintended consequences because of the release of these crops into the environment .
I tend to take a precautionary principle approach , [ which ] tells us that if there is a potential of risk , that we should move forward cautiously .
CE : I was curious what your definition of climate - friendly farming is .
AL : There is so much contrast in what farming looks like .
And I think similarly , climate friendly farming can apply to a lot of different practices , a lot of different scales .
I think primarily I try to emphasize is the importance of farming practices that reduce the amount of fossil fuels used , reduce if not eliminate the reliance on synthetic fertilizers , reduce if not eliminate the use of petroleum based agricultural chemicals , and that is thinking about farming as part of a natural cycle — how to create a healthy water cycle , a healthy carbon cycle , a healthy nitrogen cycle .
How do we do that with a farm ?
I think there are many , many examples around the world of farms that are providing abundant sources of food and doing it in a way that is creating a more healthy ecosystem without depleting it , creating healthier soil as opposed to depleting the soil .
I was just reading Vandana Shiva ’s book Soil Not Oil , and she gave this example of when a twig on a tree breaks , the tree can grow back that limb , but when a part in a car breaks , you ’ve got to bring that car to the mechanic .
Climate - friendly farming is about creating a kind of farm that can heal itself , can provide its own fertility and its own sources of pest resistance and weed management .
CE : You ’ve managed to write a book that is about heavy subjects but is not depressing !
What are some of the things that give you hope ?
AL : Since my first book , Hope ’s Edge , I ’ve tried to redefine my own sense of hope .
I ’ve embraced the definition of hope that is not necessarily based on evidence of , say , whether we ’re decreasing the amount of greenhouse gases or not .
Hope really comes from an internal , endogenous energy source .
You feel hope when you are taking action , [ or ] when you align yourself with ways of being in the world that you think really reflect your values .
So I think that when you talk about food and climate change , it is hopeful in a sense that , first of all , connecting yourself with a sustainable food system is increasingly becoming something that more and more of us in this country can do .
And the second thing that gives me hope is , as I researched the book , finding out about so many under - reported stories of people who are up against the huge power of agribusiness and yet are still able to create healthy farms , or work to bring healthy food into their communities and their schools .
CE : What are some of the best ways to engage people on these issues ?
What are the specific things that they can do that can be empowering ?
AL : I think this question of what we can do , it really is about each of us tapping into what gets us most excited .
When it comes to changing the food system , what is particularly exciting is that there are so many different entry points .
Food is a public health issue , food is a family health issue .
As a new mom , when I think about food that is good for the climate I also know that its food that is going to be good for my daughter .
Food is also a social issue , its a human rights issue , and people can get engaged with it that way , asking the question why is it that certain communities in this country have no ability to access food that is both good for the climate and good for their bodies ?
I think that what is exciting to see is that as there has been essentially a stalemate on the international level in terms of binding agreements about how to reduce emissions and how to turn around the climate crisis , what we are seeing is communities and cities stepping up to take real leadership and say , look , we ’re not going to wait for something to come down to us from the international level .
What can we do right here , right now , in our own communities ?
I ’ve been given a report on glaciers and sea ice in the Arctic that I want to share with readers .
There ’s some compelling evidence of glacier melting and open water in the Arctic sea in this report that I have n’t seen before .
There are also worrisome reports of significant temperature increases , with anomalies of several degrees .
Also in the report is the mention of ice free open sea of almost 2 million square kilometers , which is termed as “ unprecendented in the history of the Arctic ” .
It is shocking to read .
I urge readers to have a look at some of the excerpts I ’ve posted .
First a map .
Spitsbergen is part of Svalbard , which is part of Norway .
From the page 471 above , except for the date , this language seems familiar :
Well , we all know what a warm year 1934 was .
Here ’s a mention of some strong temperature anomalies , as much as 10 degrees .
Here we see some significant reduction in Arctic sea ice across broad areas :
Wind seems to be a factor in flushing out the Arctic basin .
Signs that the “ warming is not terminating ” .
Oh , that has to be bad .
Here ’s the book :
All of these reports about sea ice and melt seems familiar , except the date , which is 1943 .
There ’s also a fascinating discussion about linkages between sunspots and precipitation on pages starting on page 460 .
You can view the entire book here at archive.org
Oh and here ’s that mention of “ unprecendented in the history of the Arctic ” open water from page 470 :
The more things change , the more they stay the same .
It seems from history that the Arctic ice is always going up or down .
We ca n’t assume that our recent 2007 record sea ice minimum is something unique in the history of the Arctic ice .
And of course we ’ve heard historical reports of a melting Arctic before , such as this one :
November 2nd , 1922 .
Arctic Ocean Getting Warm ; Seals Vanish and Icebergs Melt .
Big hat tip to Richard North of the E.U. Referendum , who alerted me to this book .
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Take Your Pick
Staring at the vast military history section in the airport shop , I had a choice : the derring - do of psychopaths or scholarly tomes with their illicit devotion to the cult of organised killing .
There was nothing I recognised from reporting war .
Nothing on the spectacle of children ’s limbs hanging in trees and nothing on the burden of shit in your trousers .
War is a good read .
War is fun .
More war please .
The day before I flew out of Australia , 25 April , I sat in a bar beneath the great sails of the Sydney Opera House .
It was Anzac Day , the 95th anniversary of the invasion of Ottoman Turkey by Australian and New Zealand troops at the behest of British imperialism .
The landing was an incompetent stunt of blood sacrifice conjured by Winston Churchill ; yet it is celebrated in Australia as an unofficial national day .
The ABC evening news always comes live from the sacred shore at Gallipoli , in Turkey , where this year some 8000 flag - wrapped Antipodeans listened , dewy - eyed , to the Australian governor - general Quentin Bryce , who is the Queen ’s viceroy , describe the point of pointless mass killing .
It was , she said , all about a “ love of nation , of service , of family , the love we give and the love we receive and the love we allow ourselves to receive .
[ It is a love that ] rejoices in the truth , it bears all things , believes all things , hopes all things , endures all things .
And it never fails ” .
Of all the attempts at justifying state murder I can recall , this drivel of DIY therapy , clearly aimed at the young , takes the blue riband .
Not once did Bryce honour the fallen with the two words that the survivors of 1915 brought home with them : “ Never again ” .
Not once did she refer to a truly heroic anti-conscription campaign , led by women , that stemmed the flow of Australian blood in the first world war , the product not of a gormlessness that “ believes all things ” but of anger in defence of life .
The next item on the TV news was an Australian government minister , John Faulkner , with the troops in Afghanistan .
Bathed in the light of a perfect sunrise , he made the Anzac connection to the illegal invasion of Afghanistan in which , on 13 February last year , Australian soldiers killed five children .
No mention was made of them .
On cue , this was followed by an item that a war memorial in Sydney had been “ defaced by men of Middle Eastern appearance ” .
More war please .
In the Opera House bar a young man wore campaign medals which were not his .
That is the fashion now .
Smashing his beer glass on the floor , he stepped over the mess which was cleaned up another young man whom the TV newsreader would say was of Middle Eastern appearance .
Once again , war is a fashionable extremism for those suckered by the Edwardian notion that a man needs to prove himself “ under fire ” in a country whose people he derides as “ gooks ” or “ rag- heads ” or simply “ scum ” .
( The current public inquiry in London into the torture and murder of an Iraqi hotel receptionist , Baha Mousa , by British troops has heard that “ the attitude held ” was that “ all Iraqis were scum ” ) .
There is a hitch .
In the ninth year of the thoroughly Edwardian invasion of Afghanistan , more than two thirds of the home populations of the invaders want their troops to get out of where they have no right to be .
This is true of Australia , the United States , Britain , Canada and Germany .
What this says is that , behind the media façade of politicised ritual – such as the parade of military coffins through the English town of Wootton Bassett — millions of people are trusting their own critical and moral intelligence and ignoring propaganda that has militarised contemporary history , journalism and parliamentary politics – Australia ’s Labor prime minister , Kevin Rudd , for instance , describes the military as his country ’s “ highest calling ” .
Here in Britain , the war criminal Tony Blair is anointed by the Guardian ’s Polly Toynbee as “ the perfect emblem for his people ’s own contradictory whims ” .
No , he was the perfect emblem for a liberal intelligentsia prepared cynically to indulge his crime .
That is the unsaid of the British election campaign , along with the fact that 77 per cent of the British people want the troops home .
In Iraq , duly forgotten , what has been done is a holocaust .
More than a million people are dead and four million have been driven from their homes .
Not a single mention has been made of them in the entire campaign .
Rather , the news is that Blair is Labour ’s “ secret weapon ” .
All three party leaders are warmongers .
Nick Clegg , the Liberal Democrats leader and darling of former Blair lovers , says that as prime minister he will “ participate ” in another invasion of a “ failed state ” provided there is “ the right equipment , the right resources ” .
His one condition is the standard genuflection towards a military now scandalised by a colonial cruelty of which the Baha Mousa case is but one of many .
For Clegg , as for Gordon Brown and David Cameron , the horrific weapons used by British forces , such as clusters , depleted uranium and the Hellfire missile , which sucks the air out of its victims ’ lungs , do not exist .
The limbs of children in trees do not exist .
This year alone Britain will spend £ 4 billion on the war in Afghanistan , and that is what Brown and Cameron almost certainly intend to cut from the National Health Service .
Edward S Herman explained this genteel extremism in his essay , “ The Banality of Evil . ”
There is a strict division of labour , ranging from the scientists working in the laboratories of the weapons industry , to the intelligence and “ national security ” personnel who supply the paranoia and “ strategies ” , to the politicians who approve them .
As for journalists , our task is to censor by omission and make the crime seem normal for you , the public .
For it is your understanding and your awakening that are feared , above all .
The deaths of two British children in a Spanish hotel room took a further horrific twist today when their father appeared in a Carlisle court on unrelated charges of sexual assault and child rape .
Martin Smith , 45 , who is from North Shields , Tyne and Wear , had been on the run from British police for two and half years before he was extradited from Barcelona on Tuesday .
That same day his wife , Lianne , 43 , led police to a hotel room in the resort town of Lloret de Mar , in north - eastern Spain , to show them the corpses of her children .
Later in the day , she was arrested on suspicion of murdering them .
Autopsies are expected to be conducted tomorrow on Rebecca , five , and 11 - month - old Daniel .
Their father had been arrested 11 days earlier at outside an apartment block near Barcelona 's Sagrada Família cathedral , where neighbours said the family had been living for the past six months .
Smith was extradited to the UK on Tuesday and was remanded in custody after his appearance before Carlisle magistrates this charged with 13 sexual offences .
It is understood he was told about the deaths of the children overnight by Cumbria police .
The unrelated charges against him include rape , gross indecency , indecent assault and attempted rape of girls under 16 .
The alleged attacks took place between 30 April 1995 and 29 April 2005 .
A police spokesman said : " Martin Smith , 45 , was brought back to the UK yesterday and appeared at Carlisle magistrates court this morning to face 13 charges of sexual offences and for failing to answer police bail .
An application was made in court for him to be remanded in custody .
" During the court hearing it was disclosed that Spanish police have informed Cumbria constabulary that Martin Smith 's wife , 43 - year - old Lianne Smith , has been arrested on suspicion of the murder of his two children , Rebecca , five , and Daniel , 11 months , in Spain . "
Martin Smith will next appear before Carlisle crown court on 7 June .
Spanish officials suggested that his arrest and extradition may had triggered the awful events that unfolded at the Miramar hotel in Lloret de Mar .
" The difficult situation the mother was living through may have set in train the events that led to a possible crime , " the Catalan justice minister , Montserrat Tura , said today , after expressing her shock at the deaths of the two children .
Lianne Smith was being held at the police station in Blanes , near Lloret de Mar , to night and is due to appear before a magistrate this week .
Spanish media said psychological assessments were to be taken .
The bodies of the two children were at a morgue in the nearby city of Girona .
Spanish media reported that forensic scientists would also look for evidence of sexual abuse , though police said neither parent was wanted on abuse charges in Spain .
Guests at the seafront hotel where the corpses were discovered described their shock at what had happened .
Andres Sonajalg , 49 , from Tallinn , Estonia , said he had seen Lianne Smith at breakfast .
" I went out in the morning and when I came back the hotel was surrounded by police and ambulance teams , " he said .
" It was terrible .
My wife and I were really sorry we could n't do anything to help her and the kids , but we did n't know anything was wrong . "
Police sealed the family 's sixth - floor apartment in Barcelona late on Tuesday with three large stickers bearing the logo of the regional Catalan government .
Lianne Smith 's name remained on the post box downstairs in the foyer and the apartment blinds were half - drawn .
Neighbours were unable to say where the family had lived before .
The family had left Britain in December 2007 .
A post on the Help Find My Child website said the couple and their elder child had gone missing from Lichfield , Staffordshire , and were believed to have left the country via Dover .
" They had very little to do with the neighbours , " said neighbour Elia Sanchez .
" I had seen her come in with her child in a pushchair , but they pretty much kept to themselves .
She seemed pleasant enough and was caring with the children whenever I saw her . "
The news agent next door said she had sometimes come in to shop with her daughter .
" She spoke very little Spanish .
She occasionally bought little toys for her children , " he said .
" She did n't speak much Spanish so we never got into a real conversation , " said another shopkeeper .
" But she always seemed happy .
She 'd buy her daughter colouring books and stickers and always leave with a smile on her face and a polite ' goodbye ' . "
Another Barcelona restaurant owner said that he had helped police find Martin Smith , who had featured in a campaign seeking suspects who had left the UK for Spain .
" The police came in here when they were looking for the British man , " he said .
" They showed me a photo and I recognised him as someone who came to eat here from time to time .
He must have been in about four or five times in the last few months . "
" He did n't say much but his face immediately rang a bell with me when I saw the photo and I told the police I thought he probably lived locally , " he said .
" They came back afterwards to say they 'd found him and thank me for my help . "
The couple were said by former neighbours to have lived at a house in Lichfield for no more than six months in the latter part of 2007 .
An elderly woman , who declined to give her name , said : " You did n't hardly see them at all – we did n't even know they had gone when they left . "
Since his 2008 major label debut , Matt Maher has become a staple in the artistic and songwriting community .
A nine time - GRAMMY ® nominee and three time - GMA Dove Award winner , he has garnered multiple radio successes , writing and recording songs such as his Top 5 CCLI song “ Lord , I Need You ” and the chart - topping radio single “ Because He Lives ( Amen ) . ”
Along with other hits such as “ Hold Us Together , ” “ Christ Is Risen , ” “ All The People Said Amen , ” and “ Your Grace Is Enough , ” Maher has written or co-written five No. 1 radio singles .
München - Uwe W. schritt am U - Bahnhof Implerstraße ein , als eine Frau attackiert wurde .
Jetzt bekam er 600 Euro Strafe aufgebrummt - und versteht die Welt nicht mehr .
Uwe W. ist auf dem Heimweg , als in der U - Bahn ein stark alkoholisierter Mann eine Frau mit einer Bierflasche niederschlägt .
Als er einschreitet , kommt es zu einem Gerangel , bei dem der Rowdy ins Gleisbett stürzt und sich dabei die Hand bricht .
Das Gericht brummt Uwe W. 600 Euro auf – wegen vorsätzlicher Körperverletzung .
Der Münchner versteht die Welt nicht mehr .
Er half – und wurde dafür bestraft .
Ob er das nächste Mal hinschaut , weiß er nicht : „ Zivilcourage lohnt sich nicht ! “
Die ganze Geschichte
Dominik Brunner hat nicht weggesehen , als Menschen in Gefahr waren .
Sein Verhalten ist Vorbild für eine menschliche Gesellschaft .
Sein Tod ist Mahnung gegen Gleichgültigkeit , Brutalität und Gewalt . “
Als Ministerpräsident Horst Seehofer am 16 .
September 2009 diese Sätze sprach , stand ganz Deutschland unter Schock .
Erst vier
Tage zuvor hatten zwei Jugendliche den Manager in Solln zu Tode geprügelt .
Der 50 - Jährige hatte sich vor Kinder gestellt , die von den Schlägern erpresst und geschlagen worden waren .
Politiker sprachen ihm ihre Hochachtung aus .
„ Dominik Brunner hat Maßstäbe für Zivilcourage gesetzt .
Wir dürfen Menschen , die Zivilcourage zeigen , nicht allein lassen “ , betont Bundeskanzlerin Angela Merkel .
Der Münchner Uwe W. hat zwei Monate später auch nicht weggesehen .
Er mischte sich ein , als ein Schläger zwei Frauen bedrohte und eine von ihnen mit einer Bierflasche niederstreckte .
Uwe W. bekam die Quittung dafür – einen Strafbefehl über 600 Euro .
„ Ich werde bestraft , weil ich geholfen habe “ , sagt der Münchner .
Weil er größer ist als der Schläger , weil die gefährliche Situation nach Ansicht der Staatsanwaltschaft bereits „ bereinigt “ war .
Es ist die Nacht zum 10 .
November .
Uwe W. sitzt im U - Bahnhof Implerstraße auf einer Bank , er hört Musik .
Der Polsterer war beim Billardspielen und will nach Hause .
Dann sieht er zwei Frauen , die an ihm vorbeigehen .
Ihnen folgt ein junger Mann , er hat eine Bierflasche in der Hand .
Aus den Augenwinkeln sieht Uwe W. , wie der Mann seinen Arm hebt .
Mit Wucht schlägt er einer der beiden Frauen die Bierflasche gegen die Schläfe .
Die 48 - jährige Grafikerin sinkt zu Boden .
Es ist der Moment , in dem Uwe W. aufsteht – und den Frauen hilft .
Der Schläger steht noch bei den Frauen .
Er schreit sie an , beleidigt sie .
In einer erhobenen Hand hält er die Bierflasche .
Um das Geschehen herum stehen drei , vier junge Leute .
„ Sie waren unschlüssig , haben nur beobachtet . “
Uwe W. erreicht die niedergeschlagene Frau .
Blut fließt ihr aus einer Platzwunde , ihre Hände hält sie schützend vor den Kopf .
Neben ihr steht ihre Bekannte .
Sie hat einen Schock – und Angst .
„ Ich dachte , der geht jetzt auch auf mich los .
Ich war froh , dass Herr W. plötzlich da stand “ , sagt Gabi D. ( 61 ) .
Uwe W. ist der einzige , der den Notarzt und die Polizei holen will .
In diesem Augenblick schleicht sich der Schläger , ein Grieche , davon .
Keiner der jungen Leute hält ihn auf .
Uwe W. handelt .
Er schiebt Savas K. zurück , will ihm die Bierflasche aus der Hand nehmen .
Da schubst der 26 - Jährige den Münchner zurück .
Videokameras zeichnen die Situation auf .
Es kommt zu einem Gerangel , Savas K. drückt Uwe W. weg , schlägt ihm mit einer Faust gegen die Brust , in der anderen Hand hält er immer noch die Bierflasche .
Da gibt der Polsterer gibt dem Schläger einen kräftigen Schubs – es ist der Moment für den der gelernte Polsterer später bestraft werden soll .
Der Grieche verliert das Gleichgewicht – er hat zwei Promille im Blut .
Er taumelt drei Schritte rückwärts , fällt ins Gleis .
Dabei bricht er sich die Hand .
Sofort zieht ihn einer der herumstehenden Männer zurück auf den Bahnsteig .
Gut eineinhalb Minuten später fährt die U - Bahn ein .
Als der Zug weg ist , sind die jungen Leute nicht mehr da – und der Schläger zunächst auch .
Er wird Minuten später festgenommen .
Uwe W. kümmert sich um die verletzte Frau , wartet auf die Polizei .
Wochen später bekommt der Handwerker einen Brief vom Amtsgericht .
Es ist ein Strafbefehl .
Er soll 600 Euro zahlen – wegen vorsätzlicher Körperverletzung !
Begründung : Die Lage im U - Bahnhof sei bereits bereinigt , ein Notruf abgesetzt gewesen .
Es habe somit keinen Grund gegeben , dem Schläger so kräftig zu schubsen , dass dieser ins Gleisbett fallen konnte .
Zudem sei er Savas K. körperlich weit überlegen .
Uwe W. fällt aus allen Wolken , legt Einspruch ein .
Es folgt die Hauptverhandlung .
„ Ich hatte keine Wahl : Entweder ich akzeptiere den Strafbefehl oder werde wegen gefährlicher Körperverletzung zu mindestens einem halben Jahr verurteilt . “
Uwe W. zieht – nach Rücksprache mit seinem Anwalt Roland Autenrieth – den Einspruch zurück .
„ Nach Ansicht des Gerichts hat Herr W. überreagiert “ , sagt Amtsgerichtsprecherin Ingrid Kaps .
„ Seine zuvor gezeigte Zivilcourage wirkte sich aber strafmildernd aus . “
Die Freunde und Bekannte von Uwe W. sind entsetzt .
„ Das darf nicht wahr sein , da wird einer verurteilt , der Zivilcourage gezeigt hat “ , sagt Gabi D. , die ebenfalls bedroht worden war .
„ Die Situation war nach meinem Gefühl nicht bereinigt .
Ich hatte Angst , dass der Täter auch noch auf mich losgeht . “
Vor Gericht durfte sie nicht aussagen – als Zeugin , die den Angriff unmittelbar erlebt hatte .
Uwe W. glaubt immer noch , im falschen Film zu sein .
„ Ich war zuvor ein völlig unbescholtener Bürger .
Jetzt hab ich einen Strafbefehl wegen gefährlicher Körperverletzung . “
Das Gefühl , ungerecht behandelt worden zu sein , sitzt tief .
„ Diese Ausnahmesituation nur nach einem Video ohne Ton und nach Aussagen von zwei Zeugen zu beurteilen , die am gegenüberliegenden Bahnsteig standen , ist eine Ungerechtigkeit . “
Wenn er nochmal in eine ähnliche Situation kommen sollte , weiß er nicht , wie er sich verhalten soll .
„ Zivilcourage lohnt sich nicht “ , sagt er und schüttelt dabei den Kopf .
Jacob Mell
Skeptic cat is skeptical by aturkus
A conspiracy theorist is someone who has a theory and tries to find data to support it ( lets call this “ positive data ” ) while marginalizing and / or ignoring any data which falsifies it ( “ negative data ” ) .
When the evidence used to maintain a theory is falsified , a conspiracy theorist will either deny the evidence ( see below ) or move on to find new – and usually more and more arcane and obscure – evidence that supports it while retaining a positive belief in his theory based on faith until he finds it .
A main characteristic of the conspiracy theorist is that the evidence which falsifies his theory will not make him reconsider the validity of his theory itself but rather make him strive to find new positive data instead .
Example is the 9/11 truther movement which sees various evidence of planned demolition of the twin towers ( such as exploding windows , burning steel etc ) but refuses to acknowledge the evidence of internal collapse and the information that explains burning steel and so on .
The same tactics are also used by Woo - Woo peddlers as well as the religious .
A denialist is someone who does not like a theory and is thus trying to find data which falsifies it .
However he has a conspiracy theorist outlook on selecting them .
I.e . In order to prove his falsification theories , he tries to find data to support them while ignoring those that refute them and constantly replaces negative data as previous ones are debunked .
Unlike a skeptic ( see below ) who considers various ways to falsify a theory as well , a denialist will refuse to acknowledge a theory when it withstands all falsifications .
Whereas a skeptic will gladly accept a theory he ( or the relevant expert consensus in the field ) ca n’t prove wrong until such time as new evidence comes to light that falsifies it , a denialist will retain that the theory is wrong , no matter the evidence .
As such , occasionally a denialist may run out of negative data but retain his denial on faith alone , while constantly trying to discover some shred of evidence , no matter how obscure , to grasp onto .
Example is the Anthropogenic Global Climate Change Denialist movement ( that ’s a mouthful ) who ’s been jumping from evidence to evidence to support their denial , while ignoring the mass of positive data for AGCC has accumulated and not considering the significance of all the falsification theories they used to espouse before they were debunked in turn .
A skeptic is someone who sees a theory that does not fit with the current collective knowledge of humankind ( i.e. science ) and look for ways prove such a theory wrong before accepting it .
A theory will only be accepted when it can not be falsified .
However a theory that can bears no falsification ( such as an afterlife ) can be ignored when it has no corresponding positive data , as it is of no material consequence .
For example , “ All humans are mortal ” is unfalsifiable but also unimportant as is “ Some humans are immortal ” .
Unless one can show who is immortal and why , the validity or not of such a theory is irrelevant as long as we can accept that by overwhelming evidence , all humans are mortal .
Similarly a proposition such as “ afterlife exists ” or “ ghosts exist ” are irrelevant to a skeptic unless positive data can be brought to light to show how those proposition might be true .
Once such evidence is brought to light , a skeptic will try to falsify them in order to avoid deluding himself .
Only if those theories survive falsification will they be accepted .
A skeptic also recognises that it ’s impossible to be knowledgeable in all sectors of human knowledge and is content to defer to experts who have studied each scientific area .
As long as there is a consensus of scientists in a given area , a skeptic who has neither the knowledge or the time to acquire it , is justified in relying on scientific consensus .
However this is only an acceptable practice for skeptics who recognise their limitations , not a way of doing science .
As such , a skeptical expert of a scientific area is within her rights to challenge a theory which has the consensus of her peers and attempt to falsify it when new evidence comes to light .
In fact , I would say this is her duty .
In short , the primary difference between a skeptic and a conspiracy theorist is that the skeptic gives far more weight to the falsification of a theory rather than the evidence for it .
The primary difference between a skeptic and a denialist is that the skeptic accepts a theory he or the scientific community cannot falsify which is also supported by positive data .
The difference with both , is that a skeptic will be neutral towards a theory at the start , unlike starting positive to it like the Conspiracy theorist or negative to it like the Denialist based on some kind of gut feeling .
A skeptic will become positive to a theory only when there is overwhelming evidence and / or consensus for it and negative to it when there is overwhelming falsification and / or no evidence for it .
On the other hand , the reason why so many denialists are also conspiracy theorists is because their methods complement each other .
A conspiracy theorist would have a problem maintaining his theories if he did not consistently deny the evidence against them and a denialist would have a problem sustaining his denial if he did not avoid reconsidering his opposition when his evidence failed .
As such , it ’s easier for a denialists to be taken in by conspiracy theorists ( think of those AGCC denialists who blame the scientific consensus to a global New World Order cabal ) and conspiracy theorist or woo - woo peddlers are very likely to turn into denialists against theories which run counter to their conspiracy theories .
Related articles by Zemanta
Spread the love : Email
Reddit
More
Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Tumblr
Do you have what it takes to be a climate auditor ?
Try the following fun test and find out .
And at the same time , you ca n’t help but learn something about the fine art of argumentation from charts as practiced by the master himself , Steve McIntyre , and refined in his most devoted media outlet , the U.K. based Mail on Sunday .
Here is the chart that is held to epitomize the “ trick ” to “ hide the decline ” : figure 2 - 21 from the IPCC ‘s Third Assessment Report , showing key temperature reconstructions .
Now take a look at the following two not - quite - identical versions of the 1400 - 2000 portion of this chart ( this allows us to show these at full viewing resolution as originally published ) .
#1 :
# 2 :
Perhaps the difference is not jumping out at you .
If so , here ’s a hint : focus on the green reconstruction , namely the one described as :
— –Briffa , 2000 ( tree- ring density , summer only , extra-tropical ) .
And pay special attention to the end of the curve ( yes , both versions end in1960 , but there is a difference between them nonetheless ) .
Still not sure ?
Even after clicking on each to show it at 200 % zoom ?
Well , then , read on .
To review , Steve McIntyre objected to the termination of the Briffa reconstruction in 1960 , and criticized IPCC authors Chris Folland and Michael Mann for supposedly applying pressure on Briffa to change his reconstruction so as to not “ dilute the message ” .
But the climate science auditor was particularly outraged by one supposedly nefarious aspect of the “ trick ” :
The hiding of the decline was made particularly artful because the potentially dangling 1960 endpoint of the Briffa reconstruction was hidden under other lines in the spaghetti graph as shown in the following blow - up :
Or as McIntyre put it in his presentation at University of Toronto ’s Trinity College on March 10 , 2010 :
IPCC section author Mann resolved the conundrum .
He chopped off the inconvenient portion of the Briffa tree ring data – the portion where it goes down – and tucked the end point under other data , giving a rhetorical impression of consistency .
So the claim is that “ hiding the decline ” was in part accomplished by “ artfully ” putting the Briffa curve behind the others .
And the difference between the two versions I showed is simply this : # 1 is the original chart , while # 2 is identical , except the end of the Briffa reconstruction has been shown on top of the other series .
I ’ll show exactly how this very slight difference was accomplished later on , but for now let ’s explore the implications .
Personally I ca n’t tell the difference even at double magnification – and I even know it ’s there .
That should bring home what should have been obvious from the start .
Mcintyre ’s demonstration of the “ artful ” effect of “ tucking in ” the Briffa reconstruction behind the others , requires what appears to be a blow up of at least 8 x magnification .
Thus , this supposed manipulation of the graph can not have any practical effect of deception , as only a couple of pixels are affected and the difference is imperceptible under normal viewing .
For most reasonable people , that fact alone would settle the matter .
But there ’s more to this than meets the eye ( or rather even less ) .
First , let ’s consider the five curves shown ( four reconstructions from three different studies , plus the instrumental record .
— – Mann et al , 1998 ( full hemisphere ) — – Mann et al , 1998 ( 30N - 70N latitude band ) — – Jones et al , 1998 ( summer , extra - tropical emphasis ) — – Briffa , 2000 ( tree - ring density , summer , extra-tropical ) — – Instrumental ( annual mean , hemisphere )
There is a certain logic to this order ; the first three reconstructions are from 1000 on , Briffa ’s from 1400 and the instrumental record only from 1850 .
The drawing order reflects this , with the Mann reconstructions on top followed by Jones et al and then Briffa .
The instrumental curve is on the bottom , behind all the reconstructions .
Now suppose the drawing order had been reversed .
Then the Briffa reconstruction would be on top of the others .
But that would also leave the instrumental curve on top of all the reconstructions , including Briffa’s .
Undoubtedly , the self - appointed auditors would have yelled foul at that too .
Scientists just ca n’t win .
Now let ’s move on to another important aspect of climate science auditing , media coverage .
In this case , few media outlets were convinced by McIntyre ’s logic .
But David Rose of the U.K. Mail on Sunday was an effusive exception .
Here is how Rose described the manipulation of the IPCC :
However , the full context of that ‘ trick ’ email , as shown by a new and until now unreported analysis by the Canadian climate statistician Steve McIntyre , is extremely troubling .
Derived from close examination of some of the thousands of other leaked emails , he says it suggests the ‘ trick ’ undermines not only the CRU but the IPCC . …
On the hockey stick graph , [ Briffa ’s ] line is abruptly terminated – but the end of the line is obscured by the other lines .
Take a look at the accompanying figure used to illustrate the point :
Clearly the above image is much clearer than McIntyre ’s “ blowup ” , which appears to have been a simple low resolution zoom of the original graphic .
So let ’s consider a multiple choice version of the obvious question :
How did the Mail generate this chart ?
Presumably the answer is one of these choices :
(a) The chart was a cleaned - up digitized version of McIntyre ’s “ blowup ” .
( b) The chart was created from a magnification of the original IPCC chart .
( c) The chart was fabricated from scratch in an undisclosed manner , possibly as an attempted emulation from the original unsmoothed data .
[ Updated : May 12 ]
There ’s a hint to the correct answer in the previous discussion of drawing order .
In fact , there are several clear differences between the Mail figure and the real one :
The Mail version has the pink Jones et al curve on top of the Mann et al curves .
The Mail version shows the green Briffa curve going behind the pink Jones et al curve , which abuts against the red instrumental curve without any gap .
And , perhaps most importantly , the end of the green Briffa curve is completely hidden in the Mail ’s version , but not in the real IPCC figure .
You can confirm the above points in the “ blowup ” of the real figure :
And what ’s that in the gap between the other curves ?
Why , it ’s the corner end of the Briffa reconstruction , clear as day .
Earlier , I promised to show how I created the slightly modified chart above .
I simply took the PDF of chapter 2 , viewed figure 2 - 21 at 24 x magnification , and drew in the end of the Briffa curve on top of the pink Jones and black Mann reconstructions .
Like so :
Like I said before , you can see the difference pretty clearly at 24 x zoom .
But at normal viewing resolution , not so much .
So in summary , we have a nonsensical accusation of “ artful ” manipulation of a key graph .
And we have a fake “ blowup ” from the Mail on Sunday that contains important differences with the real figure .
But that ’s not quite the end of it .
McIntyre has been complaining bitterly that the Oxburgh inquiry looking into possible research misconduct at the Climate Research Unit of East Anglia University got it all wrong .
So , in addition to not taking any evidence from CRU critics or targets , the terms of reference for the execrable Oxburgh “ inquiry ” diverted its attention away from articles that actually were at issue to other articles that had actually been used as source material to identify the trick in the first place .
Excerpt from IPCC 2001 “ trick ” spaghetti graph .
Recently , McIntyre wrote a post extolling the spoof video “ Hide the decline II ” ( surely I ’m not the only one to notice that McIntyre has dropped any pretense of examining any actual science ) .
In the comments , McIntyre laid it on the line :
Steve :
The fact that Hide the Decline II contains better analysis of the trick than either the Oxburgh Committee or Willis Committee is a testament to the incredible low level of analysis that took place in either committee .
They have no one but themselves to blame for that .
Would - be paleoclimatologist Craig Loehle chimed in :
It is interesting that comedians can sometimes understand complex issues better than learned societies and eminent panels .
Here is a screenshot from the video , showing that “ better analysis ” :
Yep , that ’s right – it ’s the fake “ blowup ” graph from the Mail on Sunday .
[ Update , May 13 :
Here is a graph of UAH satellite record , from the opening sequence of Hide the Decline II video .
It ’s a perfect example of a “ trick ” to “ hide the incline ” , as the cherrypicked 1998 peak and June 2009 trough are emphasized , while the overall increase over the period ( 0.13C per decade ) is obscured .
Even though this new edition of the video was released very recently , the UAH record is shown as of nearly a year ago , using the cherrypicked low end point of June 2009 .
Since then UAH has risen to near record values of over +0.6C anomaly for January through March 2010 , while April 2010 stood at 0.5C .
No doubt other examples of this sort of compelling “ analysis ” praised by McIntyre could also be found .
Returning to the IPCC spaghetti graph to sum up , here is a side by side comparison showing the end point of the green Briffa recontruction .
Let ’s review all the differences identified so far between the real IPCC graph and the fake Mail version .
The Mail version has the pink Jones et al curve on top of the Mann et al curves .
The Mail version shows the green Briffa curve going behind the pink Jones et al curve , which abuts against the red instrumental curve without any gap .
The Mail version appears to terminate the pink Jones curve too early .
The Mail version shows the black Mann et al curve above the end of the green Briffa curve ; thus the Briffa end point appears to be behind the red instrumental curve , which is incorrect .
, which is incorrect .
The Mail version completely obscures the peak of the green Briffa curve .
And , perhaps most importantly , the end of the green Briffa curve is completely hidden in the fake Mail ’s version , but not in the real IPCC figure .
The Mail blow up appears to be derived from the Mail ’s own version of Fig. 2 - 21 , seen below .
The Mail article does not explain the provenance of this figure .
It seems likely that is based on an emulation of the original figure , possibly using the original reconstruction data .
However , as we have seen , the Mail version differs from the real figure in several important respects at the crucial end point .
To repeat : The Daily Mail should now explain completely the provenance of the fake version of the graph , and also explain why they substituted this version for the real thing .
Perhaps an “ audit ” of the data , code and methodology would be in order . ]
[ ( End update ) . ]
So parting questions are these :
Why should anyone take Steve McIntyre seriously ?
And how long will it be before responsible journalists and commentators expose his baseless “ analysis ” for the nonsense that it is ?
Stay tuned for part 2 : The emails that McIntyre forgot to show .
Summer Drinks : Lemonade And Watermelon Cooler
Summer is finally here people !
This is the most exciting and funnest season of all time , you ’ve got your vacation , your finally out of school and when someone say ’s summer I always think of the beach or going to those fancy resorts in other countries and of course what is the first thing that they ’ll offer you ?
A drink !
A refreshing drink that will quench your thirst .
Chill out and relax with this lemonade and watermelon cooler .
Here ’s a cool idea , if you live in a very cold place where beaches are faraway from you or going to those fancy resort ’s are too expensive for you .
Then , why not make your own summer get away party in your very own home .
Invite your friends and family to come over and serve them with chips , sandwiches and this very cool drinks which I ’m about to give you the recipe and the procedure on how to do it .
Lemonade drink
Ingredients :
Ice
1 cup of sugar
4 - 6 Lemons ( this will make about up to 1 cup of lemon juice )
3 to4 cups of cold water .
Sliced Lemons
Procedure :
Step 1 : In a sauce pan heat up 1 cup of sugar and water until the sugar is completely dissolve .
Step 2 : Juice out the Lemons and put it in a separate glass .
Step 3 : Pour the sugar mixture and the lemon juice into a pitcher .
Step 4 : Mix well and add the 3 to 4 cups of cold water .
Now , you can either add more lemon ’s if your want the taste to be more strong and flavorful .
Step 5 . Lastly , put in your ice and your sliced lemons onto your drink .
Watermelon Cooler
Ingredients :
About 4 to 5 cups of cubed seedless watermelon
2 cups of Lemonade
Sugar to taste
Procedure :
Step 1 : In a blender put in your cubed seedless watermelon ( it is practical to use the seedless one ’s because it will save you more time ) blend well until it is liquefied .
Step 2 : Strain your watermelon juice to remove the pulp .
Step 3 : In a pitcher pour in your lemon & watermelon juice .
Step4 : You can put on some ice and garnish it with either melon balls , mint , watermelon chucks , those cute little umbrella ’s or whatever you like to add on .
Hey it ’s your drink and your the boss !
A healthy and delicious drink your guest will surely like .
This summer be healthy and stay fit by eating the right foods and exercising regularly .
Enjoying everyday life !
You ’ve got to give the People what they want .
Today , they want a Naked Skeletor .
We get a bit of weird stuff sent in to us at thedailyjim.com ; some of it you ’ve read , others you ’ll never read ( most of that material is addressed to my intern , Ben , and the federalies wo n’t let us post it ) .
We also get art , photos , and links from pop culture devotees .
Today we take a moment to appreciate the strange love people have for their childhood distractions and how that manifests itself within seemingly functional adults .
Some of this is just flat out dorky , but … well ALL of it ’s dorky , but you should still keep sending it in anyway ( be sure to credit the artist or source ) .
“ Mr. T. Party ” by Ruel Pascual at http://www.ruelpascual.com/
This is just an awesome indignity to the Team .
I like that Face is hiding .
“ Cobra … the Enemy ” by Dave Perillo http://montygog.blogspot.com/
Dave Perillo is the illustrator of all things fanboy .
“ Wonder Woman in a Bar ” by the staff at HUGE Inc .
See more at http://www.flickr.com/photos/7735829@N06/4057822567/
This we used in a spoken word “ Flicktion ” piece several months ago .
Wonder Woman ’s not drunk , but she ’s drinkin’ .
“ Young Frankenstein ” by Tricia Fox at http://triciafox.com
This is just testimony as to how many people actually love the movie , Young Frankenstein , and how many of us saw when we were way too young to understand it .
I ’d like to see a Teri Garr bust ( Whoa ! Cue Benny Hill music . ) .
“ General Carbuncle ” by James R. Ford at http://jamesrford.com
Since the artist is British , the ol ’ General is actually a Ford Capri not a Dodge Charger .
It ’s covered in over 4,000 Matchbox cars .
Notice the Confederate flag has been supplanted by the Union Jack .
“ Elvis Trooper ” – Witness his adventures at http://elvistrooper.com
Okay .
Lots of people dig cosplay , but this guy lives the dream ( if your dream is to live inside windowless convention centers with clammy fanboys ) .
He ’s still pretty awesome .
“ Cosmo Skeletor ” by Johnny Sampson at http://johnnysampson.com
Uhhh … yeah .
This entry was posted on Tuesday , May 25th , 2010 at 6:42 pm .
File under general .
Responses are currently closed , but you can trackback from your own site .
Une masse d’air arctique , qui a ramené un vent froid et violent , a traversé progressivement Moscou .
La vidéo montre son avancée et révèle une scène effrayante et impressionnante .
Un ...
First the researchers prove that insulin drugs used by type II diabetic patients increase the risk for cancer1 .
Then the researchers try to explain why what they proved is no big deal – an apparent effort to escape the wrath of the insulin - prescribing medical profession .
This is not terribly difficult to figure out .
Insulin is structured like growth hormone and neither is working well in a type II diabetic patient in the first place .
Giving even more insulin not only forced sugar into cells causing toxic overload and potential mutation , but excess insulin readily induces growth hormone abnormalities ( IGF - 1 problems ) leading to cancer risk .
So why do doctors do it ?
They do it because they are obsessed with changing numbers like fasting blood sugar or hemoglobin A1C .
They think that if they change a number ( called a biomarker ) that they have improved health .
There is no data to prove that changing numbers with drugs improves health .
Sure you can lower blood sugar with insulin , however , where is the sugar going ?
Chances are it is causing serious health problems in its new location or the insulin itself in abnormal levels is directly causing health problems .
There is a lot of talk on Capital Hill that health care costs can be reduced by paying physicians to actually get people better .
However , physicians do n’t know how to get type II diabetics better .
All physicians do is keep managing numbers , thinking they are doing a good job even if the person in front of them is gaining weight ( as long as the numbers are reasonable ) .
They are not blamed for the cancers they obviously cause as simply being overweight is itself a risk factor for excessive - insulin induced cancer .
The failure of doctors to heal difficult metabolic problems is a simple reflection of the woeful inadequacy of the Big - Pharma drug theory that is the essence of Western medicine .
In the village of Heinsberg - Randerath , citizens threatened to take the law into their own hands in protest against a sex offender who had been released despite having been classified as a danger to society ( March 2009 photo ) .
A new ruling by the European Court of Human Rights will mean that Germany is forced to release violent criminals currently being held in preventive detention .
Foto : Rolf Vennenbernd / picture - alliance / dpa
AN IMPORTANT ELEMENT in Shinto is the insistence on purity and cleanliness .
The divinities will not descend into an impure space .
That ’s one of the reasons Moriyama Mayumi , the first female chief cabinet secretary , was asked to refrain from presenting the Prime Minister ’s Cup to a sumo tournament winner inside the ring in 1990 — an incident that sparked a national debate .
A decade later , then - Osaka Governor Ota Fusae , Japan ’s first female governor , was eventually talked out of her request to make the same presentation after the annual official tournament there .
Shinto and sumo are closely linked , and the ring is purified to allow the descent of the divinities .
( That ’s why the rikishi toss salt into the ring before they enter during a match . )
The belief that women were impure was not uncommon in proto-religions throughout the world , and it was grounded in the biological fact of menstruation .
One might logically assume , therefore , that Shinto has no female priests — but that assumption would be wrong .
That was the case for several decades during the State Shinto period , but it was n’t true before that , and it is n’t true today .
Females were again allowed to enter the Shinto priesthood in 1948 , and as of the end of December 2008 , 2,899 of the country ’s 21,674 priests were women– 13 % of the total .
Odaira Mika , a priest at the Tenso Shinto shrine in Tokyo ’s Itabashi Ward , wondered how it was decided that women were not pure enough to be priests , as reported by the vernacular edition of the Mainichi Shimbun .
Mrs. Odaira is also a part - time lecturer at her alma mater , Gakushuin University , formerly a school for children of the Imperial court , later for bluebloods , and now for anyone .
She is the author of Josei Shinshoku no Kindai ( Female Priests in the Modern Era ) , and has received an award from an association for Shinto religious studies .
An 1871 government decree prohibited woment from entering the priesthood , and State Shinto ( different from the original Shrine Shinto ) became the established religion a few years later .
Female priests disappeared in just three years , except for a few in Okinawa , where there has been a long tradition of female shamans .
Mrs. Odaira ’s university degree is in philosophy , but she has the instincts of a historian .
She knew that women had an important role in Shinto until the Meiji Era , so she began researching how their status came to be changed .
She examined contemporary public documents and finally discovered the one that contained an explanation of the reason .
It read :
“ Shinto priests are public officials .
Men serve as public officials .
If female priests are recognized , it is possible that women will be allowed to become the heads of households , and husbands their spouses ( haigusha ) .
This would debase public morality . ”
Mrs. Odaira observes :
“ The interval from the Meiji Era until the end of the war was an exception .
Female priests were inappropriate for the family system the government wanted to institute , in which males were the head of the household .
It was an extremely political reason . ”
As often happens in Japanese families , she ’s a chip off the old block — her father and grandfather were also Shinto priests .
After being graduated from Gakushuin , she worked as a clerk at a life insurance company and later returned to university to conduct research .
Her father told her she did n’t have to continue the family tradition , but she still chose the Shinto priesthood .
She has now attained the rank of negi .
“ I ’ve helped dress miko ( shrine maidens ) since childhood .
It certainly seems as if I ’ve taken after my father . ”
In her role as negi , Mrs. Odaira conducted the O - Harae ( Great Purification Ritual ) at the Tenso shrine on 30 December , with 50 parishioners from the neighborhood .
( If women were really considered to be impure , how likely is it they ’d be allowed to preside over that rite ? )
She also performs on the wagon , a six - stringed zither , to accompany miko dances .
One of the other musicians is her husband Toru , a bank employee , who plays the taiko drum .
When they got married he said he would “ absolutely not help ” in her work , but he ’s not the first man to have been changed by married life .
He ’s since become a qualified priest with the rank of gonnegi — a negi ’s assistant — and plans to leave his job shortly to become a full - time priest .
A century ago , Mr. Odaira would have been considered a haigusha and a threat to public morality .
Now he ’s going to enter her world , and from a position subordinate to her .
No one seems to have a problem with it , least of all Toru .
Concludes the female priest :
“ How the Japanese have come into contact with the divinity is reflected in each of the ceremonies .
It is a world of depth . ”
Afterwords :
Her book 「 女性神職の近代 」 （ぺりかん社 ）is available on Amazon Japan .
It ’s just the sort of thing I ’d snap up , but it ’s JPY 5,000 yen plus for a skoche more than 200 pages , so I ’ll have to figure out how to fit it in my book - buying schedule .
The resistance to women entering the sumo ring seems at this point to be based entirely on tradition ; i.e. , this is how we ’ve done it for centuries , so we ca n’t change now .
The prohibition requires the maintenance of several logical fallacies , however , including the fact that according to belief the divinities will have departed the ring by the time a female politician enters to present a trophy .
Another is that men are allowed to enter wearing business suits , though that clothing is not ritually pure .
Also , the amateur sumo association has sponsored women ’s matches for some years now .
A Walmart flyer has spilled the beans on the new titles soon to be added to “ Greatest Hits ” for the ps3 .
The list includes major AAA ps3 titles like Killzone 2 , inFamous , Resistance 2 , LittleBigPlanet GOTY Edition and UFC Undisputed .
So if you ’ve been on the fence of buying these titles or some of you just bought a ps3 you ’d be better off waiting for the price drop because once they are officially added to the “ Greatest Hits ” they will cost $ 30 .
The price drop is expected to come this Friday so you do n’t to wait for an eternity .
PS3 New Greatest Hits
+ Killzone 2
+ inFamous
+ Resistance 2
+ LittleBigPlanet GOTY Edition
+ UFC Undisputed
Viacom is unlikely to sue bloggers for posting their own clips of The Daily Show or The Colbert Report , contrary to reports floating around on the Internet .
The company clarified its position to Ars on Thursday , noting that it tries to be as permissive as possible when it comes to fair use and that individual bloggers have never been on the studio's radar .
The confusion began when the Hollywood Reporter ran a story on Wednesday titled " Viacom will sue bloggers who post unauthorized ' Daily Show ' clips , " quoting Viacom spokesperson Tony Fox .
" Yes , we intend to do so , " Fox was quoted saying .
" My feeling is if ( websites ) are making money on our copyrighted content , then that is a problem . "
We reached out to Viacom 's VP of PR Jeremy Zweig to confirm whether this position was true .
After all , as numerous parties have pointed out , both The Daily Show and The Colbert Report make liberal use of clips from other networks that undoubtedly fall under fair use , and it seemed as if Viacom was willing to go after the little guy in order to ensure that no one got a single penny of revenue except for Viacom .
This , however , was not the case .
" The headline is completely wrong , " Zweig told Ars .
He emphasized that the company has always been fairly open with fair use and that its policy has not changed .
" Frankly , fair use works for us .
I can't recall a time we 've ever sued a blogger for the use of a Comedy Central clip , and there 's no reason to believe that would be more likely today . "
It 's likely that Fox was referring to larger commercial websites that repost episodes without using the official embed tool from Comedy Central .
In that case , it 's not hard to see why Viacom would go after those whose sole purpose is to make money ( via banner ads ) by hosting Viacom 's content , but according to Zweig , individual users have never been on the company 's radar .
The news follows Hulu 's announcement earlier this week that the two shows would disappear from its own site as of 11:59 pm PST on Tuesday , March 9 .
Hulu said that the two shows have had " very strong results " over the past 21 months , both in terms of viewership and advertising revenue , but that the team at Comedy Central decided to pull out after a series of ( apparently unsuccessful ) discussions to keep the shows on Hulu .
The decision has been a controversial one among fans of the shows who also like Hulu .
The shows will remain online , of course , but at TheDailyShow.com and ColbertNation.com , forcing regular Hulu users to add new stops along the information superhighway if they want to continue watching the same shows .
Still , online ad revenue is already not great compared to traditional TV , and Hulu has been struggling lately to fill some of its ad spots with much of anything .
( Regular watchers know that the charity ads are just filler , and sometimes , you even get a black screen that simply says there are no ads to show for the time being . )
Even though Hulu claims the two shows have been doing well lately , Comedy Central still has to split its revenue with Hulu , and in times like these , any split is probably too much .
This is n't to say that Stephen Colbert and John Stewart wo n't be showing up on Hulu again in the future , though .
Part of the reason
Hulu was so amicable in its announcement was undoubtedly to ensure that talks will continue and the shows might come back one day .
After all , Hulu has been working on a plan to start charging for content — possibly by way of subscription or sticking the most popular shows behind a paywall .
If Hulu manages to roll out such a service and it takes off with users , Viacom and Comedy Central may be open to bringing the shows back to take advantage of the new revenue stream .
The first scientific results from ESA 's Herschel infrared space observatory are revealing previously hidden details of star formation .
New images show thousands of distant galaxies furiously building stars and beautiful star - forming clouds draped across the Milky Way .
One picture even catches an ' impossible ' star in the act of formation .
Presented May 6 during a scientific symposium held at the European Space Agency ( ESA ) , the results challenge old ideas of star birth , and open new roads for future research .
Herschel 's observation of the star - forming cloud RCW 120 has revealed an embryonic star which looks set to turn into one of the biggest and brightest stars in our Galaxy within the next few hundred thousand years .
It already contains eight to ten times the mass of the Sun and is still surrounded by an additional 2000 solar masses of gas and dust from which it can feed further .
" This star can only grow bigger , " says Annie Zavagno , Laboratoire d'Astrophysique de Marseille .
Massive stars are rare and short - lived .
To catch one during formation presents a golden opportunity to solve a long - standing paradox in astronomy .
" According to our current understanding , you should not be able to form stars larger than eight solar masses , " says Dr Zavagno .
This is because the fierce light emitted by such large stars should blast away their birth clouds before any more mass can accumulate .
But somehow they do form .
Many of these ' impossible ' stars are already known , some containing up to 150 solar masses , but now that Herschel has seen one near the beginning of its life , astronomers can use the data to investigate how it is defying their theories .
Herschel is the largest astronomical telescope ever to be placed into space .
The diameter of its main mirror is four times larger than any previous infrared space telescope and one and a half times larger than Hubble .
As stars begin to form , the surrounding dust and gas is warmed up to a few tens of degrees above absolute zero and starts to emit at far - infrared wavelengths .
The Earth 's atmosphere completely blocks the majority of these wavelengths and thus observations from space are necessary .
advertisement
Using its unprecedented resolution and sensitivity , Herschel is conducting a census of star - forming regions in our Galaxy .
" Before Herschel , it was not clear how the material in the Milky Way came together in high enough densities and at sufficiently low temperatures to form stars , " says Sergio Molinari , Istituto di Fisica dello Spazio Interplanetario , Roma .
A new Herschel image covering a number of stellar nurseries in the Milky Way shows how it happens .
Stellar embryos first appear inside filaments of glowing dust and gas draped across the Galaxy .
These form chains of stellar nurseries , tens of light - years long , wrapping the Galaxy in a web of star birth .
Herschel has also been surveying deep space beyond our Galaxy , and has measured the infrared light from thousands of other galaxies , spread across billions of light - years of the Universe .
Each galaxy appears as just a pinprick but its brightness allows astronomers to determine the rate of star birth within it .
Roughly speaking , the brighter the galaxy the more stars it is forming .
Here , too , Herschel has challenged our previous understanding by showing that galaxies have been evolving over cosmic time much faster than previously thought .
Astronomers believed that galaxies have been forming stars at about the same rate for the last three billion years .
Herschel shows this is not true .
In the past , there were many more so - called ' starburst ' galaxies forming stars at 10 - 15 times the rate we see in the Milky Way today .
But what triggered this frantic activity is not completely understood .
" Herschel will now let us investigate the reasons for this behaviour , " says Steve Eales , Cardiff University , UK .
Herschel is also a prime instrument for detecting the smallest forms of matter : molecules .
It has made the first discovery in space of a new ' phase ' of water .
It is electrically charged and unlike the more familiar phases , namely solid ice , liquid water and gaseous steam , it does not occur naturally on Earth .
In the birth clouds surrounding young stars , however , where ultraviolet light is pumping through the gas , this irradiation can knock an electron out of the water molecule , leaving it with an electrical change .
" This detection of ionised water vapour came as a surprise , " says Arnold Benz , ETH Zurich , Switzerland .
" It tells us that there are violent processes taking place during the early birth stages which lead to widespread energetic radiation throughout the cloud . "
From the biggest galaxies to the smallest molecules , these and many other Herschel results are being presented to the scientific community at the Herschel First Results Symposium , ESLAB 2010 , taking place this week at ESA 's ESTEC space research and technology centre , in Noordwijk in the Netherlands .
" These are still early days for Herschel and this is just the beginning of all the science that we will get from this mission in the years to come , " says Göran Pilbratt , ESA Herschel Project Scientist .
Venice , Louisiana ( CNN ) -- Frustrated Louisiana officials Sunday demanded the federal government approve their plans to dredge up walls of sand to protect delicate inland estuaries from the Gulf of Mexico oil spill .
" Either the Coast Guard has to side with its American citizens and protect its communities , or it has to side with a major world corporation named BP and betray American citizens in that process , " St. Bernard Parish President Craig Taffaro told reporters .
With oil sloshing ashore along the state 's barrier islands and seeping into marshes around the mouth of the Mississippi River , state and parish leaders want to use dredges to close channels between the Gulf and the coastal estuaries .
They said those plans have been held up by the Army Corps of Engineers and the agencies in charge of the spill response , including the Coast Guard and BP , the company responsible for the spill .
Coast Guard Rear Adm. Mary Landry , the federal on - scene coordinator for the response effort , told reporters the barrier island project was still under review .
Environmental and wildlife officials " are weighing in on the impact to endangered and threatened species and other impacts this large - scale project could have , " she said .
But Plaquemines Parish President Billy Nungesser pointed to pictures of an oil - covered pelican nesting ground and asked reporters , " Is it affected now ? "
Thousands of barrels of oil a day have been spewing into the Gulf since late April , when the BP - contracted drilling rig Deepwater Horizon blew up and sank about 45 miles off Louisiana .
Beyond the state 's barrier islands lie a filigree of marshlands , bayous and islands that are rich in wildlife and fisheries that represent the source of about a third of the U.S. seafood industry .
Tim Kerner , mayor of the town of Jean Lafitte , said the dredging plan is " the only plan that 'll possibly work " to save those estuaries .
" It 's the plan that will save the wildlife , save the marine life and also the way of life for the town of Jean Lafitte and all the coastal communities , " Kerner said .
Nungesser , Taffaro and other representatives of the state 's coastal parishes toured the threatened region with Gov. Bobby Jindal on Sunday .
Jindal said his state needs " a greater sense of urgency " from those in charge of the cleanup , or for them to delegate authority to regional officials .
He said the state is already doing preparatory work for dredging and could begin operations immediately on receiving approval .
" Ten days later , you 'll see land being built .
You 'll literally see sand being built along these critical passes , " he said .
Mayors and parish presidents were critical of both the government and BP 's handling of the cleanup , recounting stories of misdirected protective booms or skimmers that sat on trucks ashore .
And a visibly angry Taffaro said the delays threatened his parish 's ecosystem and the livelihoods of his people .
" I do n't have a crystal ball , " he said .
" But if I were a betting man , I would be betting that the plan is to let us die , then come back and do $ 75 million worth of cleanup and close the book . "
He said some officials had even suggested setting oil - soaked marshes ablaze , a step he called " not an option for us . "
" That kills our hurricane protection .
It wipes out our species , our ecosystem and everything we 've been fighting to protect , " he said .
A comprehensive study published in the Lancet1 shows that adult mortality in the United States is worse than many poor countries such as Chile , Tunisia , and Albania .
There is only one reason for this : the excessive use of toxic drugs by Big Pharma and its legion of doctors who have a very poor understanding of the healthy function of the human body .
Sure the US healthcare system has lots of high tech gadgetry and can perform complex surgeries better than anyone else .
But when you get right down to the simple facts of can this drug - based system of health care produce real results the answering is a resounding NO .
The research also shows that the United States has fallen significantly behind other countries in reducing deaths .
In 1990 , the United States ranked 34th in the world in female mortality and 41st in male mortality , but by 2010 , it had dropped in the rankings to 49th for women and 45th for men .
This puts it behind all of Western Europe .
The healthcare debate in the United States is totally misguided .
It should be on one thing and one thing only – the ability of treatments used to extend life and produce the result of health .
Of course , it goes without saying that the majority of what Western medicine does , with close to a hundred billion dollars per year of useless drug sales , would fail to pass even the most rudimentary objective analysis of its actual results in terms of health produced .
It is little wonder doctors are obsessed with numbers , as changing numbers is about all they can do .
If the public held them accountable for actually keeping people alive and truly improving health the entire profession would be run out of town or made to walk the plank .
One of them , Jon Eisenberg , said Judge Walker ’s ruling was an “ implicit repudiation of the Bush - Cheney theory of executive power . ”
“ Judge Walker is saying that FISA and federal statutes like it are not optional , ” Mr. Eisenberg said .
“ The president , just like any other citizen of the United States , is bound by the law .
Obeying Congressional legislation should n’t be optional with the president of the U.S. ”
A Justice Department spokeswoman , Tracy Schmaler , noted that the Obama administration had overhauled the department ’s procedures for invoking the state - secrets privilege , requiring senior officials to personally approve any assertion before lawyers could make it in court .
She said that approach would ensure that the privilege was invoked only when “ absolutely necessary to protect national security . ”
The ruling is the second time a federal judge has declared the program of wiretapping without warrants to be illegal .
But a 2006 decision by a federal judge in Detroit , Anna Diggs Taylor , was reversed on the grounds that those plaintiffs could not prove that they had been wiretapped and so lacked legal standing to sue .
Several other lawsuits filed over the program have faltered because of similar concerns over standing or because of immunity granted by Congress to telecommunications companies that participated in the N.S.A. program .
By contrast , the Haramain case was closely watched because the government inadvertently disclosed a classified document that made clear that the charity had been subjected to surveillance without warrants .
Although the plaintiffs in the Haramain case were not allowed to use the document to prove that they had standing , Mr. Eisenberg and six other lawyers working on the case were able to use public information — including a 2007 speech by an F.B.I. official who acknowledged that Al Haramain had been placed under surveillance — to prove it had been wiretapped .
QR Code Link to This Post
Location : Seattle
it 's NOT ok to contact this poster with services or other commercial interests
Yet , despite all this , Mr. Guy decided to break the bond we shared once X - Box 360 moved into his roommate 's house .
Suddenly , lying in bed at midnight , I 'm thinking he 's going to go in for the kiss , but NO !
He whispers in my ear , " One more round of Modern Warfare and I 'll be back up .
You just rest here .
" I wake up alone hours later , sneak downstairs and find him making violent thumb war love to the X Box controls , rapidly touching that controller in a way he never did me - super sensitively , but with a firm control .
ARG !
Screw you , X Box 360 WHORE !
At first I thought , a couple weeks and the fascination will end .
It 's a new toy , he is a BOY , and ... it 's Seattle .
I think the term " geek - out " came about because it 's ATMOSPHERIC here .
Yet , here we are .
It 's been more than a couple of weeks .
No end in sight .
He 's played over eight , nine , ten plus HOURS straight .
I try to be a good sport , really .
I 've played a couple games ( terribly ) but after the first week , his skills became so advanced that now I am merely " invited " over to watch him play .
No more chatting in coffee shops , no more drinks on the hill , no more .... sex .
It 's gone .
If I happen to bump into Mr. Guy during the day and ask him what he 's doing that night , he says he has to " be somewhere .
" That " somewhere " is in his living room playing " live " with all his other buddies with X - Box 360 .
Oh wait , though , he 's not ashamed of this affair .
He strides in to tell me what new level he 's made it with .
How far and how much he can " score " with X Box 360 .
His facebook status ?
Is ?
A reflection of how he 's doing on X Box 360 .
If X Box 360 is being moody and he can't impress X Box 360 enough to get to the next level ... well , he suddenly is " pondering the meaning of life . "
He got to the next level ?
His facebook status is " life is awesome and everybody who does n't savor every moment .... " blah , blah , blah .
Look , mr. Guy .
If you put even half the amount of time into ANYTHING else other than X Box 360 - you know those dreams you had about making it big ?
YOU'D BE THERE BY NOW !
I know there is no going back to the way we were before .
I 've seen it takeover the lives of my brothers , my brother 's friends , Mr. Guy 's friends .... I can't compete .
It does n't matter what lingerie I wear .
This is the end .
X Box 360 has worked her bitchy charms and you have fallen .
I am only human , and apparently , so are you .
When we think about the " meaning of life , " we tend to conjure ideas such as love , or self - actualization , or justice , or human progress .
It 's an anthropocentric view ; try to convince blue - green algae that self - actualization is some sort of virtue .
Let 's ask instead why " life , " as a biological concept , actually exists .
That is to say : we know that entropy increases as the universe evolves .
But why , on the road from the simple and low - entropy early universe to the simple and high - entropy late universe , do we pass through our present era of marvelous complexity and organization , culminating in the intricate chemical reactions we know as life ?
Yesterday 's book club post referred to a somewhat - whimsical vision of Maxwell 's Demon as a paradigm for life .
The Demon takes in free energy and uses it to maintain a separation between hot and cold sides of a box of gas -- a sustained departure from thermal equilibrium .
But what if we reversed the story ?
Instead of thinking that the Demon takes advantage free energy to help advance its nefarious anti-thermodynamic agenda , what if we imagine that the free energy is simply using the Demon -- that is , the out - of - equilibrium configurations labeled " life " -- for its own pro-thermodynamic purposes ?
Energy is conserved , if we put aside some subtleties associated with general relativity .
But there 's useful energy , and useless energy .
When you burn gasoline in your car engine , the amount of energy does n't really change ; some of it gets converted into the motion of your car , while some gets dissipated into useless forms such as noise , heat , and exhaust , increasing entropy along the way .
That 's why it 's helpful to invent the concept of " free energy " to keep track of how much energy is actually available for doing useful work , like accelerating a car .
Roughly speaking , the free energy is the total energy minus entropy times temperature , so free energy is used up as entropy increases .
Because the Second Law of Thermodynamics tells us that entropy increases , the history of the universe is the story of dissipation of free energy .
Energy wants to be converted from useful forms to useless forms .
But it might not happen automatically ; sometimes a configuration with excess free energy can last a long time before something comes along to nudge it into a higher - entropy form .
Gasoline and oxygen are a combustible mixture , but you still need a spark to set the fire .
This is where life comes in , at least according to one view .
Apparently ( I 'm certainly not an expert in this stuff ) there are two competing theories that attempt to explain the first steps taken toward life on Earth .
One is a " replicator - first " picture , in which the key jump from chemistry to life was taken by a molecule such as RNA that was able to reproduce itself , passing information on to subsequent generations .
The competitor is a " metabolism - first " picture , where the important step was a set of interactions that helped release free energy in the atmosphere of the young Earth .
You can read some background about these two options in this profile of Mike Russell ( pdf ) , one of the leading advocates of the metabolism - first view .
I was reading a bit about this stuff because I wanted to move beyond the fairly simplistic sketch I presented in my book about the relationship between entropy and life .
So I did a little research and found some papers by Eric Smith at the Santa Fe Institute .
Smith has taken quite an academic path ; his Ph.D. was in string theory , working with Joe Polchinski , and now he applies ideas from complexity to questions as diverse as economics and the origin of life .
On Saturday I was on a long plane ride from LA to Bozeman , Montana , via Denver .
So I had pulled out one of Smith 's papers and started to read it .
A couple sat down next to me , and the husband said " Oh yes , Eric Smith .
I know his work well . "
This well - read person turned out to be none other than Mike Russell , featured in the profile above .
Here I was trying to learn about entropy and the origin of life , and one of the world 's experts sits down right next to me .
( Not completely a coincidence ; Russell is at JPL , and we were both headed to give plenary talks at the annual IEEE Aerospace Conference . )
So I explained a little to Mike ( now we are buddies ) what I was trying to understand , and he immediately said " Ah , that 's easy .
The purpose of life is to hydrogenate carbon dioxide . "
( See figure above , taken from one of Eric Smith 's talks . )
That might be something of a colorful exaggeration , but there ’s something fascinating and provocative behind the idea .
An extremely simplified version of the story is that the Earth was quite a bit hotter in its early days than it is today , and the atmosphere was full of carbon dioxide .
At high temperatures that ’s a stable situation ; but once the Earth cools , it would be energetically favorable for that CO2 to react with hydrogen to make methane ( and other hydrocarbons ) and water .
That is to say , there is a lot of free energy in that CO2 , just waiting to be released .
The problem is that there is a chemical barrier to actually releasing the energy .
In physicist - speak : the Earth ’s atmosphere was caught in a false vacuum .
There ’s no reaction that takes you directly from CO2 and hydrogen to methane ( CH4 ) and water ; you have to go through a series of reactions to get there .
And the first steps along the way constitute a potential barrier : they consume energy rather than releasing it .
Here ’s a plot from one of Russell ’s talks of the free energy per carbon atom of various steps along the way ; it looks for all the world like a particle physicist ’s plot of the potential energy of a field caught in a metastable vacuum .
( Different curves represent different environments . )
Here is the bold hypothesis : life is Nature ’s way of opening up a chemical channel to release all of that free energy bottled up in carbon dioxide in the atmosphere of the young Earth .
My own understanding gets a little fuzzy at this point , but the basic idea seems intelligible .
While there is no simple reaction that takes CO2 directly to hydrocarbons , there are complicated series of reactions that do so .
Some sort of membrane ( e.g. a cell wall ) helps to segregate out the relevant chemicals ; various inorganic compounds act as enzymes to speed the reactions along .
The reason for the complexity of life , which is low entropy considered all by itself , is that it helps the bigger picture increase in entropy .
In ordinary statistical mechanics , we say that high - entropy configurations are more likely than low - entropy ones because there are simply more of them .
But that logic does n't quite go through if you can't get to the high - entropy configurations in any straightforward way .
Nevertheless , a sufficiently complicated system can bounce around in configuration space , trying various different possibilities , until it hits on something that looks quite complex and unlikely , but is in fact very useful in helping the system as a whole evolve to a higher - entropy state .
That 's life ( as it were ) .
It 's not so different from other cases like hurricanes or turbulence where apparent complexity arises in the natural course of events ; it 's all about using up that free energy .
Obviously there is a lot missing to this story , and much of it is an absence of complete understanding on my part , although some of it is that we simply do n’t know everything about life as yet .
For one thing , even if you are a metabolism - first sympathizer , at some point you have to explain the origin of replication and information processing , which plays a crucial role how we think about life .
For another , it ’s a long road from explaining the origin of life to getting to the present day .
It ’s true that we know of very primitive organisms whose goal in life seems to be the conversion of CO2 into methane and acetate — methanogens and acetogens , respectively .
But animals tend to produce CO2 rather than consume it , so it ’s obviously not the whole story .
No surprise , really ; whatever the story of life might be , there 's no question it 's a complicated one .
But it all comes down to the elementary building blocks of Nature doing their best to fulfill the Second Law .
The Hifiman HM - 801 looks like an old portable cassette player , but apparently it might just beat out most music players in sound quality .
At least that 's what CNET though when they had a listen .
They even found it worth $ 790 .
Advertisement
The Hifiman was designed with audiophiles in mind , so it comes with features such as user removable headphone amplifier circuitboard / module , a Burr - Brown PCM1704U digital - to - analog converter , and Burr - Brown OPA627 Op - Amp .
Instead of a hard drive or flash memory , the player uses 32 GB SDHC — meaning that capacity is only as limited as your tolerance for carrying around spare SD cards .
Advertisement
Many of us might not care about some of the finer details of the Hifiman , but what we should care about is this :
It sounds amazing .
According to CNET , this particular player is one of the very few which will actually take full advantage of everything your high - end headphones are capable of .
[ CNET ]
It looks like the Asus Eee PC 1018P is coming to America… eventually .
The 10 inch netbook was introduced at CeBIT in Germany earlier this year , and today the folks at Wireless Goodness spotted a filing for the netbook at the Federal Communications Commission web site .
The Asus Eee PC 1018P comes with a 10.1 inch , 1024 x 600 pixel display and either a 1.66 GHz Intel Atom N455 or 1.83 GHz Intel Atom N475 processor .
The netbook supports 802.11b/g/n WiFi and Bluetooth 2.1 and some models may ship with integrated 3G modules .
you also get 1GB of RAM , up to 250GB of hard drive space , and a 44 Whr battery .
The most physically distinctive aspect of the netbook is the brushed aluminum chassis .
But there are a couple of nifty upgrades under the hood as well .
The Atom N455 and N475 processors both support DDR3 memory .
And the mini-laptop has USB 3.0 ports instead of the slower USB 2.0 ports found on most netbooks today .
Share this article : Share this : Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Pocket
Tumblr
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Email
Capt Jenna
Wilcox died from her injuries in hospital
A US air force officer who was on holiday in Scotland has died after a car tyre she was holding exploded .
Capt Jenna Wilcox , 27 , was on a break with her husband when the accident happened in Dalkeith , Midlothian , on Saturday .
She died at the Western General Hospital in Edinburgh on Thursday , five days after she sustained the injuries .
Capt Wilcox was holding the car tyre inside the vehicle , because it would not fit in the boot , when it exploded .
It is thought the couple had changed the tyre on the BMW Z3 , after noticing a bulge in it , but that Capt Wilcox was holding it because the boot was full of luggage .
It is not known what caused the tyre to blow up .
' Tragic accident '
Her 27 - year - old husband suffered minor injuries in the explosion , which happened in Edinburgh Road , Dalkeith , at about 1800 GMT on Saturday 27 March .
Capt Wilcox was from Glenwood in New York State .
She had been based in the UK since September 2008 .
Capt Wilcox , was a member of the 100th Civil Engineer Squadron , based at RAF Mildenhall in Suffolk .
Her husband Scott is also a captain in the air force with 48th Civil Engineer Squadron .
He is based at RAF Lakenheath in Suffolk .
The couple had driven to Scotland in their own car .
Col Chad Manske , 100th Air Refueling
Wing commander , said : " We are deeply saddened by this tragedy .
" Jenna was a valued member of our team and her untimely death touches all the personnel at the surrounding bases .
" Our thoughts and prayers go out to her family , friends and co-workers during this difficult time . "
A Lothian and Borders Police spokesman said : " Inquiries are ongoing to establish the cause of explosion , however this would appear to have been a tragic accident .
" A report will be submitted to the procurator fiscal in due course . "
Joe Biden , the US Vice - President , yesterday repeated his attack on Israel 's plans to build 1,600 new Jewish homes in Arab East Jerusalem as European governments backed his complaint that they undermined trust before imminent new indirect Israeli - Palestinian negotiations .
Standing alongside Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas in Ramallah , Mr Biden pointedly re-emphasised earlier US calls on both sides in the conflict to refrain from actions " that inflame tensions or prejudice the outcome of talks " .
He added : " It 's incumbent on both parties to build an atmosphere of support for negotiations , and not to complicate them . "
Israel 's Interior Minister , Eli Yishai , who heads the department which made the announcement on Tuesday , was contrite about the timing , but not the substance of the proposal .
" We had no intention , no desire , to offend or taunt an important man like the Vice - President during his visit , " Mr Yishai told Israel Radio .
" I am very sorry for the embarrassment ...
Next time we need to take timing into account . "
The lack – so far – of any public suggestion that the proposal would be abandoned came despite an unusually strong statement on Tuesday night when Mr Biden expressed anger at its substance and timing .
He stressed the importance of Jerusalem to both Israelis and Palestinians and said he hoped for an outcome that could realise the aspirations of both sides for the city .
He also made clear that the Americans would be actively involved in the forthcoming " proximity talks " and that the Palestinians deserved a " viable and contiguous " Palestinian state – diplomatic code for one which would need large - scale withdrawals of Israeli settlements in the West Bank .
On May 14 , President Barack Obama announced that oil companies would no longer be given license to bypass environmental reviews of their drilling projects .
Ã¢â‚ ¬Å“ WeÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢re also closing the loophole that has allowed some oil companies to bypass some critical environmental reviews , Ã¢â‚ ¬Â Obama said .
But in the month since the BP - run Deepwater Horizon ( above right ) exploded and collapsed into the sea , its drill site spewing an unending current of oil into the open ocean , the US government has granted at least 19 environmental waivers for gulf drilling projects and 17 drilling permits .
Most are for deepwater drilling operations , similar to that conducted by the ill - fated rig .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ At least six of the drilling projects that have been given waivers in the past four weeks are for waters that are deeper Ã¢â‚¬â€  and therefore more difficult and dangerous Ã¢â‚¬â€ than where Deepwater Horizon was operating , ” the New York Times ‘ Ian Urbina wrote Monday .
“ While that rig , which was drilling at a depth just shy of 5,000 feet , was classified as a deep - water operation , many of the wells in the six projects are classified as Ã¢â‚ ¬ Å“ ultraÃ¢â ‚
¬
Â deep water , including four new wells at over 9,100 feet . ”
“ In explaining why they were still granting new permits for certain types of drilling on existing wells , Department of the Interior officials said some of the procedures being allowed are necessary for the safety of the existing wellbore , ” Urbina added .
A wellbore refers to the hole created in the drilling process used for the extraction of oil .
The Interior Department ’s Ken Salazar , testifying before Congress , said his department has been limited in contesting drilling efforts because of a statute which requires his agency to respond within 30 days of applications being submitted .
Ã¢â‚ ¬Å“ That is what has driven a number of the categorical exclusions that have been given over time in the gulf , Ã¢â‚ ¬Â Salazar said .
ADVERTISEMENT
Urbina notes that the drill projects which have received waivers have yet to begin drilling .
But , he says , “ these waivers have been especially troublesome to environmentalists because they were granted through a special legal provision that is supposed to be limited to projects that present minimal or no risk to the environment . ”
POMBAL , Portugal —
In a country enduring its highest unemployment in decades , the list of jobs on offer looks very tempting : financial director for a leading retail chain ; sales manager in consumer electronics ; air - conditioning technician ; computer systems engineer ; communications consultant .
The online employment agency 's advertisements for well - paid , skilled workers seem endless .
There ’s just one catch : the jobs are all a continent away , in Angola .
Angola ’s oil - fueled economy is booming , while its former colonial ruler is stuck in the doldrums .
As a result , tens of thousands of Portuguese have left to seek work in the southern African nation , heading in the opposite direction of poor African emigrants desperate to find a better life in Europe .
“ Salaries are really much higher than they are in Portugal , ” said Goncalo Nobre da Veiga , a Portuguese architect who has worked in Angola for the past four years .
“ In Portugal , like in much of Europe , it ’s becoming hard to find work .
Here there are lots of opportunites and you can climb up the career ladder much quicker , because there ’s a lack of qualified people , ” he said in a telephone interview from the Angolan capital , Luanda .
From 1961 to 2002 , Angola was embroiled in almost non -stop warfare .
First the struggle against Portuguese rule , then , after independence in 1975 , a brutal civil war between rival factions backed by the Cold War superpowers .
When peace finally came the country was in ruins .
Hundreds of thousands had been killed , a once flourishing agricultural sector devastated and many cities flattened .
Angola , however , had a trump card that has allowed its economy to rebound .
The country rivals Nigeria as sub-Saharan Africa ’s largest oil producer and peace , combined with rocketing oil prices , led to a flood of investment to get the crude pumping from its offshore wells .
Angola ’s economy grew at an average of over 16 percent over the five years up to 2008 , according to the International Monetary Fund .
Over the same period , Portugal ’s growth rate was 1.1 percent .
Unable to find employment at home , young Portuguese professionals and skilled workers increasingly looked abroad for jobs .
At the same time , Portuguese - speaking Angola was in dire need of qualified people to fill posts in civil engineering , telecommunications , retailing , banking and other sectors taking off in the post - war reconstruction boom .
“ Angola really lacks skilled professionals , ” explained Ricardo Bordalo , Luanda correspondent of the Portuguese news agency Lusa .
“ During all those years of war , the priority of the Angolan government was not in training managers and professionals , it was buying Kalashnikovs . ”
According to official estimates , there are about 100,000 Portuguese now living in Angola , a country of about 18 million .
The real figure could be much higher , taking into account those who have acquired dual - nationality — a possibility for many thousands born in the African country before independence .
Around 25,000
Portuguese were reported to have made the trip south in each of the past three years , with long lines for work visas often forming outside Lisbon ’s Angolan consulate .
Even the abrupt , but apparently temporary , hiatus in Angola ’s boom triggered by the collapse of oil prices last year failed to stem the flow .
Many of the new Portuguese emigrants are small business owners , young managers and professionals looking for opportunites to boost their careers , or skilled workers such as bricklayers , electricians and construction site foremen .
Although many have been successful , life under the palm trees of Angola ’s seaside capital may not have turned out to be the expected El Dorado .
“ Life can be tough here , ” said Nobre da Veiga .
“ We miss lots of things : cinemas , the theater , traffic is impossible , health care may not be what we ’re used to in Europe , there are power cuts , water cuts .
But there has been tremendous progress in the past few years . ”
Many who came to set up small businesses were hit hard by the impact of the global recession on Angola and found it difficult to survive in Luanda , one of the world ’s most expensive capitals .
The economy contracted in 2009 , but growth is expected to bounce back to 7 percent this year .
Although many of the Portuguese newcomers are too young to remember the colonial years , Bordalo says Angola may not be a totally strange country to them .
“ There ’s an emotional link between Angola and Portugal that runs deep , " he said .
" I came here for the first time in 2003 , but I ’ve lived with an image of Angola in my head , pretty much since I was a kid , because my grandfather came here in the 1940s , died and is buried here .
For millions of Portuguese there ’s a link to Angola . ”
While European settlers in many African colonies were mostly limited to wealthy landowners or imperial administrators , tens of thousands of Portuguese moved to Angola during the 1940s , 1950s and 1960s in an effort to escape from the poverty that grew in Portugal under the dictatorship of Antonio de Oliveira Salazar .
During that period , wars against independence movements in Angola and the other colonies of Mozambique and Guinea Bissau led to the deaths of 8,290 Portuguese soldiers .
An estimated 50,000 Angolans were killed .
Back in Lisbon , on April 25 , 1974 Portuguese army officers dissatisfied with the war overthrew Salazar ’s successor in a bloodless revolution that ushered in democratic rule .
The new rulers moved quickly to end the fighting and granted independence to Angola and the other colonies .
Amid chaotic scenes up to a million Portuguese fled the “ overseas provinces . ”
In a nation of 10 million , few Portugueses families were left untouched .
Almost all had a relative among the refugees or an acquaintance among the dead and wounded .
In this little town in the center of the country the main street is still named for the “ heros of the overseas war ” in honor of the 37 local boys who never made it home .
Despite the two countries ' sometimes traumatic history , Portugal and Angola retained close cultural links .
Blame for colonial abuses is laid firmly on the Salazar regime rather than modern , democratic Portugal .
Although some refugees from Africa remain resentful over their sudden exodus , many on the political left in Portugal link the African independence struggle to their own resistance to the dictatorship .
Web chatter shows that not all Angolans are happy to have so many Portuguese back among them , just as some Portuguese complain about the 27,000 Angolans living officially in Portugal .
However , the newcomers in Luanda seem to feel little real animosity .
“ In general , Angolans do n’t feel any ill - feeling toward the Portuguese , perhaps some in the older generations still hold some bitterness , but not among the young , ” said Angolan sociologist Paulo de Carvalho .
Rector of the university in Benguela , Angola ’s second city , de Carvalho says linguistic , historical and cultural ties enable the Portuguese to integrate into Angolan society more easily than other immigrants , such as the around 30,000 Chinese who are estimated to have moved there since the end of the war .
“ It ’s different now , these Portuguese who come here now , they do n’t try to act superior like in colonial times , " de Carvalho said .
" If they did they would n’t get very far . ”
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Britain 's welfare system is " trapping " poor people in poverty , the work and pensions secretary said as he unveiled plans for far - reaching reforms .
Iain Duncan Smith wants to ensure benefit claimants are not made worse off by working and make state support conditional on willingness to work .
He said the current benefits system was " broken " and unaffordable .
But shadow work secretary Yvette Cooper claimed the government was planning to cut 80,000 youth jobs .
Mr Duncan Smith , brought back into frontline politics by Prime Minister David Cameron , has spent several years in opposition preparing a blueprint for the future of the welfare state .
The former Conservative Party leader is now responsible for pushing the government 's Welfare Reform Bill - announced in Tuesday 's Queen 's Speech - through Parliament over the next few months .
' Parked on benefits '
Speaking to welfare experts from the voluntary , private and public sectors on Thursday , he said it was " absurd " that some of the poorest people faced huge penalties for moving from benefits to work .
Outlining the scale of the problem , he said almost five million people were on unemployment benefits , 1.4 million of whom had been receiving support for nine or more of the last 10 years .
In addition , 1.4 million under - 25s were neither working nor in full - time education .
" This picture is set against a backdrop of 13 years of continuously increasing expenditure , which has outstripped inflation , " he said .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" Worse than the growing expense though , is the fact that the money is not even making the impact we want it to .
" A system that was originally designed to support the poorest in society is now trapping them in the very condition it was supposed to alleviate . "
He added : " We must be here to help people improve their lives , not just park them on long - term benefits .
Aspiration , it seems , is in danger of becoming the preserve of the wealthy . "
Announcing that everyone on incapacity benefit will be reassessed for their ability to work , he said it was a " tragedy " that people on these benefits for more than two years were more likely to retire or die than get a job .
' Better off '
Among other measures , a new Work Programme will be established and older workers will be given assistance to find work immediately rather than having to wait 12 months , as is currently the case .
But penalties for benefit claimants who refuse to accept jobs introduced by Labour would be more rigorously enforced .
For Labour , Ms Cooper said tax credits had made many people in low - paid jobs " thousands of pounds better off " but they did not always realise it .
The only thing they have done so far is to cut £ 300 million from the employment programmes budget
Yvette Cooper , shadow work secretary
While talking about helping people into work , she said the government 's plans to cut £ 6.2 bn in spending this year would actually reduce job chances for young people .
" If you look really at what the Conservatives are proposing , they talk about trying to get more people back into work .
" In fact , the only thing they have done so far is to cut £ 300 million from the employment programmes budget - including cutting one of the highest - quality programmes , the Future Jobs Fund - and that means cutting 80,000 youth jobs at a time when unemployment is too high , " she told BBC Radio 4 's Today programme .
She urged the government to continue with the incapacity reforms started by Labour .
' Winners and losers '
As in all policy areas , the government 's welfare agenda is having to reflect compromises reached between the Conservatives and the Lib Dems in their coalition agreement .
Mr Duncan Smith will chair a new Cabinet Committee , involving Cabinet members from the treasury , Home Office , health , and communities and local government , to tackle the underlying causes of poverty .
HAVE YOUR SAY
A lot of people are going to be put under pressure looking for jobs that just are n't there TD , UK In an interview with the Guardian newspaper , he hinted that he was prepared to reach out to sympathetic figures in the Labour Party to try and build a consensus over the reforms .
Former Labour cabinet minister John Hutton , who stood down as an MP at the election , said he welcomed some of the government 's thinking , saying it was " potentially a very fruitful line of reform " .
Although Labour had made " significant headway " in making work more affordable and penalising those not willing to accept jobs , there was " room for further improvement " .
But he warned Mr Duncan Smith the cost of the plans were likely to mean opposition from the Treasury and there was a real risk that some people would be left worse off .
" In simplifying the benefits system which he is right to emphasise , there are going to be winners and losers .
How is he going to manage that ? "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
​
OUR KNOWLEDGE OF THE EXTERNAL WORLD AS A FIELD FOR SCIENTIFIC METHOD IN PHILOSOPHY BY BERTRAND RUSSELL , M.A. , F.R.S. LECTURER AND LATE FELLOW OF TRINITY COLLEGE , CAMBRIDGE
FOURTH THOUSAND .
THE OPEN COURT PUBLISHING COMPANY CHICAGO AND LONDON 1915
​
​
PREFACE
The following lectures [ 1 ] are an attempt to show , by means of examples , the nature , capacity , and limitations of the logical - analytic method in philosophy .
This method , of which the first complete example is to be found in the writings of Frege , has gradually , in the course of actual research , increasingly forced itself upon me as something perfectly definite , capable of embodiment in maxims , and adequate , in all branches of philosophy , to yield whatever objective scientific knowledge it is possible to obtain .
Most of the methods hitherto practised have professed to lead to more ambitious results than any that logical analysis can claim to reach , but unfortunately these results have always been such as many competent philosophers considered inadmissible .
Regarded merely as hypotheses and as aids to imagination , the great systems of the past serve a very useful purpose , and are abundantly worthy of study .
But something different is required if philosophy is to become a science , and to aim at results independent of the tastes and temperament of the philosopher who advocates them .
In what follows , I have endeavoured to show , however imperfectly , the way by which I believe that this desideratum is to be found .
The central problem by which I have sought to illustrate method is the problem of the relation between the crude data of sense and the space , time , and matter of ​mathematical physics .
I have been made aware of the importance of this problem by my friend and collaborator Dr. Whitehead , to whom are due almost all the differences between the views advocated here and those suggested in The Problems of Philosophy . [ 2 ]
I owe to him the definition of points , the suggestion for the treatment of instants and “ things , ” and the whole conception of the world of physics as a construction rather than an inference .
What is said on these topics here is , in fact , a rough preliminary account of the more precise results which he is giving in the fourth volume of our Principia Mathematica . [ 3 ]
It will be seen that if his way of dealing with these topics is capable of being successfully carried through , a wholly new light is thrown on the time - honoured controversies of realists and idealists , and a method is obtained of solving all that is soluble in their problem .
The speculations of the past as to the reality or unreality of the world of physics were baffled , at the outset , by the absence of any satisfactory theory of the mathematical infinite .
This difficulty has been removed by the work of Georg Cantor .
But the positive and detailed solution of the problem by means of mathematical constructions based upon sensible objects as data has only been rendered possible by the growth of mathematical logic , without which it is practically impossible to manipulate ideas of the requisite abstractness and complexity .
This aspect , which is somewhat obscured in a merely popular outline such as is contained in the following lectures , will become plain as soon as Dr. Whitehead ’s work is published .
In pure logic , which , however , will be very briefly discussed in these lectures , I have had ​ the benefit of vitally important discoveries , not yet published , by my friend Mr. Ludwig Wittgenstein .
Since my purpose was to illustrate method , I have included much that is tentative and incomplete , for it is not by the study of finished structures alone that the manner of construction can be learnt .
Except in regard to such matters as Cantor ’s theory of infinity , no finality is claimed for the theories suggested ; but I believe that where they are found to require modification , this will be discovered by substantially the same method as that which at present makes them appear probable , and it is on this ground that I ask the reader to be tolerant of their incompleteness .
Cambridge , June 1914 .
↑ Delivered as Lowell Lectures in Boston , in March and April 1914 .
↑ London and New York , 1912 ( “ Home University Library ” ) . ↑
The first volume was published at Cambridge in 1910 , the second in 1912 , and the third in 1913 .
​
​
BANGKOK — A renegade major general who allied himself with the protesters who have paralyzed Bangkok for weeks was shot in the head and critically wounded here on Thursday as the military began sealing off a barricaded encampment of antigovernment protesters .
The general , Khattiya Sawatdiphol , 58 , had become a symbol of the lawlessness and impunity that have torn Thailand apart as the protests have pitted the nation ’s poor against its establishment .
He was shot during an interview with a reporter for The New York Times about 7 p.m. , one hour after the military announced the start of a blockade and cut off electricity and water to a tent city of thousands of protesters .
The reporter , who was two feet away and facing the general , heard a loud bang similar to that of a firecracker .
The University of Denver this week is hosting a series of debates tackling marijuana - relates issues , from the harms and effects of medicinal marijuana to current and possible future Colorado laws regulating the drug .
The three debates follow last weekend ’s Colorado Cannabis Convention that was , by square footage , the largest cannabis convention in the history of the country .
“ Colorado is lucky enough to be setting a precedent for the rest of the states that are looking to take this direction to go off of , ” said Amanda , the office manager of Green Docs , a medical marijuana consulting firm .
“ I think this ( convention ) is a fantastic catalyst for things to come . ”
Though always quick to point out the alleged medical benefits of marijuana , every vendor interviewed at the convention said they are pushing for the flat out legalization of marijuana .
Michael Lerner , the organizer of the Colorado Cannabis Convention , said on Thursday that the medical marijuana movement was “ absolutely ” a backdoor attempt to legalize marijuana .
Andrew Schultheiss , the district director for U.S. Rep. Jared Polis , D - Colo. , said in a public discussion at the Colorado Cannabis Convention that the widespread legalization of marijuana could happen in the foreseeable future .
“ The number of members of Congress who are willing to say , like Jared Polis , that marijuana should be legalized , flat out , is growing , ” he said .
“ Ten years ago you would not have found more than two or three members of Congress willing to say that . ”
However , Dane Stauder of The Fitter , a shop specializing in marijuana pipes , pointed out that marijuana is still far from being legal in Colorado .
He said his shop often gets visitors from outside of Colorado who are under the impression that anyone can smoke marijuana anywhere , which is simply not the case , he said .
Currently , only Coloradans with debilitating illnesses who get a doctor ’s referral for marijuana can posses the drug .
And as Colorado Cannabis Convention attendee Andrew Louzau stated , even a cancer patient who has a medical marijuana card can get kicked out of their home in Colorado if they live in federally assisted housing .
Federal law prohibits the consumption of drugs in federally assisted housing , Denver law prohibits the consumption of marijuana on - site at dispensaries , leaving some patients with no place to consume marijuana , he said .
Lawmakers who participated in Saturday ’s marijuana discussion urged for patience as they make small steps towards reducing restrictions and penalties on marijuana .
“ This is new territory , ” said Denver City Councilman Chris Nevitt .
“ As we work through the regulatory regimes that we put in place ... we ’re going to have unintended consequences or wrinkles ... we ’ll have to iron out . ”
Source : Denver Daily News ( CO )
Author : Gene Davis , DDN Staff Writer
Published : Monday , April 5 , 2010
Copyright : 2010 Denver Daily News
Contact : editor@thedenverdailynews.com
URL : http://drugsense.org/url/srYHMQUK
Website : http://www.thedenverdailynews.com/
CannabisNews Medical Marijuana Archives
http://cannabisnews.com/news/list/medical.shtml
One Japanese recipe for a rice dish tells us to boil the rice in a seasoned stock with different ingredients .
The dish is called takikomi gohan ( takikomi means " boiled with , " and gohan means " rice " ) .
The ingredients  vegetables and perhaps some meat  give a slightly mellow taste to the rice because it absorbs their flavor , and they make the bowl of rice more colorful , too .
This flavored rice is a joy to serve in the home because kids like it a lot and there 's no need to prepare many side dishes to go with it .
Rice has been a staple food in Japan for a long time .
It was expensive in the old days , so to make it go further , cooks would often boil it with vegetables like daikon radish and potatoes , beans , and other grains like millet and fox - tail millet .
Mixing rice with other ingredients and boiling them together led to the development of different types of takikomi gohan .
It 's best to use ingredients that are in season .
You could try bamboo shoots in spring , green peas or fresh soybeans in summer , chestnuts or matsutake mushrooms in the fall , or oysters in winter .
Many cooks prefer to use local specialties as ingredients , to make a meal unique to their own area .
A famous recipe in western Japan calls for the rice to be boiled with a whole fish , to make tai - meshi ( rice with whole sea bream ) or ayu - meshi ( rice with whole sweet - fish ) .
The recipe for go - moku gohan uses ingredients that are available anywhere , anytime .
Go -moku literally means " five types , " but here it means " different ingredients mixed together . "
You do n't have to worry about how many or what kind of ingredients to use  you can use any foods that go well together .
For these pages , our chef used chicken , carrots , bamboo shoots and shimeji mushrooms .
This combination is a hit among Japanese people .
Cooks in the West generally do not wash rice before cooking it , but in Japan it is always washed until the water is completely clear .
The water is drained off through a sieve , then the rice is soaked for a while in the water it will be boiled in , to let it absorb moisture .
This may seem like a chore , but it makes the rice tastier and more tender , and gives it a nice sheen .
Place the pot on a high heat and bring to a boil .
As soon as the escaping steam indicates the water is boiling , lower the heat to prevent the pot from boiling over , then simmer .
This is the secret to making tasty boiled rice .
When it 's done , turn off the heat and leave the lid on , to let the rice absorb the vapor in the pot .
When the rice grains are nice and plump , take the lid off to release the remaining vapor .
Otherwise , the rice will become too sticky .
The more difficult the decision we face , the more likely we are not to act , according to new research by UCL scientists that examines the neural pathways involved in ' status quo bias ' in the human brain .
The study , published today in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences ( PNAS ) , looked at the decision - making of participants taking part in a tennis ' line judgement ' game while their brains were scanned using functional MRI ( fMRI ) .
First author Stephen Fleming , Wellcome Trust Centre for Neuroimaging at UCL , said : " When faced with a complex decision people tend to accept the status quo , hence the old saying ' When in doubt , do nothing . '
" Whether it 's moving house or changing TV channel , there is a considerable tendency to stick with the current situation and choose not to act , and we wanted to explore this bias towards inaction in our study and examine the regions of the brain involved . "
The 16 study participants were asked to look at a cross between two tramlines on a screen while holding down a ' default ' key .
They then saw a ball land in the court and had to make a decision as to whether it was in or out .
On each trial , the computer signalled which was the current default option - ' in ' or ' out ' .
The participants continued to hold down the key to accept the default and had to release it and change to another key to reject the default .
The results showed a consistent bias towards the default , which led to errors .
As the task became more difficult , the bias became even more pronounced .
The fMRI scans showed that a region of the brain known as the subthalamic nucleus ( STN ) was more active in the cases when the default was rejected .
Also , greater flow of information was seen from a separate region sensitive to difficulty ( the prefrontal cortex ) to the STN .
This indicates that the STN plays a key role in overcoming status quo bias when the decision is difficult .
Stephen added : " Interestingly , current treatments of Parkinson 's disease like deep - brain stimulation ( DBS ) work by disrupting the subthalamic nucleus to alleviate impaired initiation of action .
This is one example of how knowing about disease mechanisms can inform our knowledge of normal decision making , and vice - versa .
" This study looked at a very simple perceptual decision and there are obviously other powerful factors , such as desires and goals that influence decisions about whether or not to act .
So , it would be of interest to investigate how these regions respond when values and needs come into play . "
Explore further Should I stay or should I go ?
Neural mechanisms of strategic decision making
More information : ' Overcoming status quo bias in the human brain ' is published online ahead of print in PNAS .
Rapid7 introduced Metasploit Express , a comprehensive penetration testing solution built on the open source Metasploit Framework .
Metasploit Express is designed specifically for penetration testers and security professionals that require the ability to quickly determine real risks to data and infrastructure .
Based on the world ’s largest tested and integrated public database of exploits and payloads , Metasploit Express not only runs exploits but also detects and tests insecure configurations , such as weak passwords .
It enables penetration testers to illuminate trust relationships between systems for a more accurate risk profile .
In addition to testing standard PCs and servers , the product is able to compromise a wide range of network devices and offers data collection and automation capabilities for these devices .
Metasploit Express ’ extensive network penetration testing capabilities are further enhanced by the product ’s rich graphical user interface and the Metasploit Express Workflow Manager , a workflow engine that provides a step - by - step model to simplify and accelerate testing programs and eliminates the burden of many manual processes found with traditional exploit attack platforms .
“ Metasploit Express and the upcoming Metasploit Framework 3.4 provide significant enhancements to the community and help not only advance the art of penetration testing but enable users of all skill levels to benefit from the ability to find vulnerabilities in a variety of systems and then test for exploitability , ” said HD Moore , Rapid7 CSO and Metasploit chief architect .
“ We ’ve remained committed to improving the Metasploit Framework with consistent enhancements and accelerated quality assurance , and Metasploit Express and the Metasploit Framework 3.4 are testament to that work .
We thank the community for all that they contributed . ”
Metasploit Express 3.4 costs $ 3,000 per user per year and includes support with dedicated SLAs provided by Rapid7 staff .
It 's more than a trend .
Facebook users are preparing to quit en masse on May 31 , which is being called " quit Facebook day . "
When we first saw the site ( via ReadWriteWeb ) two hours ago , there was 68 people committed to quitting .
Now it 's up to 272 .
That means roughly 0.00000068 % of Facebook 's 400 million users are going to leave .
Hey , Diaspora , make sure the servers are fired up for June 1 .
You 're going to have hundreds (! ) of new users .
Or do n't .
Because , who 's kidding whom , people are n't quitting Facebook , even if they say otherwise .
See Also : 26 Amazing Things You Didn't Know About Facebook
A comic happened today despite Tony wasting his time on bear fighting while Wes was torn in two .
We are entering a new era of world history marked by two distinct features .
First , after 200 years , we will see the end of Western domination of world history ( but not , of course , the end of the West ) .
Second , we will see the return of Asia .
From the year 1 to 1820 , China and India were consistently the two largest economies of the world .
Hence , by 2050 or earlier , when they once again become the two largest economies , we will return to the historic norm of the past 2000 years .
And , in history , it is easier to return to historical norms than to deviate from them .
The end of Western domination of world history means that we have to drop our Western cultural lenses to understand this new era .
This will require retooling the most influential Western minds in the world ; in governments , think - tanks , the media and academies .
These thousands of Western pundits have a disproportionate influence on the global discourse .
And because their minds are filled with distorted perspectives , they generate false understandings .
Since this is a strong claim to make , I will support it by providing three examples of distorted Western perspectives on China .
The first fundamental flaw in Western assumptions about China is that eventually , like all the other successful developed economies , China will join the great Western project and become '' just like us ' ' .
The leading Western minds cannot even conceive of the possibility that there may not be one road in history .
Hence , even though a few explore the possibility , they still believe that China 's present Communist Party - run government cannot survive .
It will only be a matter of time before a ' ' rose ' ' or ' ' orange ' ' revolution surfaces .
The Tiananmen Square protests of 1989 are interpreted as an early tremor and a foretaste of what would happen in China : the overthrow of the communist state and the arrival of a Western - style liberal democracy .
The combined population of the West is about 860 million .
The population of China is about 1.3 billion .
It takes historical arrogance to assume that Western civilisation is large enough to absorb Chinese civilisation .
The simple truth is that China has such a strong and distinctive culture of its own that it will not be absorbed by the West .
Nor will it join the Western project .
This does not mean that China will reject all aspects of Western civilisation .
China and the rest of Asia are rising because they have finally understood , absorbed and started implementing seven pillars of Western wisdom : free market economics , mastery of science and technology , meritocracy , pragmatism , a culture of peace , rule of law and education .
However , the modernisation of China is also accompanied by de-Westernisation .
This , too , is a radical departure from recent history .
In the Western mind , modernisation means Westernisation .
The idea that we could have one without the other is inconceivable to Western minds .
But de-Westernisation is one of the largest processes unfolding in China ( and indeed throughout Asia ) .
As a result , we will move from a world dominated by Western civilisation to a world in which we will see many different successful civilisations .
The second fundamental flaw in Western assumptions about China is the belief that if China does not become a Western - style liberal democracy , it will collapse .
This deep Western desire to believe that the Chinese regime is about to collapse was revealed most clearly at the height of the financial crisis of 2008 - 09 .
I could not keep track of the number of Western media stories that reported how the collapse of Chinese economic growth ( which they ascribed only to China 's ability to export to affluent Western economies ) had led to more than " 40,000 " protests , and predicted that these would eventually escalate and bring down the regime .
I have been very critical of Obama for following Bush ’s bankster bailout policies .
And I thought his reliance on Robert Rubin & the RR Choir ( Summers , Geithner , et. al ) was ill advised .
But I do n’t understand those on the far right who seem to believe that deficits were created on January 20th , 2009 .
Consider this chart — it shows the National Debt as a percentage of GDP .
Its pretty telling :
>
National Debt Graph
click for larger chart
Chart courtesy of zFacts.com
>
See also
Government debt explosion hits turning point
http://finance.yahoo.com/news/Government-debt-explosion-apf-3157069187.html
In fact , the gun would fire exactly as it would in an atmosphere .
Oxygen does not and NEVER HAS played ANY role in the explosion of gunpowder .
Black powder - the original form of gunpowder , is a mixture of 3 things - carbon , sulphur , and either sodium or potassium nitrate .
Carbon and sulphur are each BEGRUDGINGLY flammable .
If you 've ever lit a charcoal grill , you know what I mean by begrudgingly .
Sulphur is a little less begrudging .
But that is what they do in a mere 21 % oxygen , diffusely around it at atmospheric pressure .
Potassium nitrate takes the place of oxygen .
It is an oxidizing agent .
Gunpowder is thus a solid MIXTURE of an oxidizing and a reducing agent .
Rather like having a tank full of a mixture of oxygen AND hydrogen gas .
Or liquified oxygen and hydrogen ( VERY bad idea , by the way .
Kids , do n't try at home ) .
It needs no exterior substances whatsoever .
All it needs is a tiny , tiny little excitation and then all hell breaks loose .
If you mix hydrogen and fluorine , it does n't even need to be an actual spark .
Just ordinary visible light will do !
With gunpowder , it 's a little more stable , but the fact is that you have an oxidizing agent AND a reducing agent MIXED together AND in DENSE , SOLID FORM .
It is a recipe for disaster and oxygen from air around it plays as much a role in its explosion as Earth 's gravity plays a role in the acceleration you feel the moment you crash your car into a steel wall at two hundred miles an hour .
In other words , not a lot .
With a gun in space , however , you would have a nifty little means of propulsion , within limits .
Particularly if you had a LOT of bullets .
Oof !
BP ( BP ) CEO Tony Hayward seriously told UK's The Guardian ( via Mediaite ) :
“ The Gulf of Mexico is a very big ocean .
The amount of volume of oil and dispersant we are putting into it is tiny in relation to the total water volume . ”
So , so stupid .
Do n't miss : pictures of the oil spill from outer space >
NVIDIA 's next generation Ion platform was announced back in early March , so naturally we 've been wondering where all the souped - up netbooks based on the tech have been hiding .
We wish we had better news , but it looks like the wait will have to go on a little while longer .
While NVIDIA claims no delay on its end , ASUS and Acer have confirmed that their respective Ion 2 netbooks will not arrive until the end of May or even as late as the beginning of June in the US .
The 12 - inch ASUS 1201PN , which packs a dual - core Atom processor and a 16 - core Ion chip , is set to hit Europe and Asia in mid to late May and will make its US debut in June .
Similarly , Acer 's 10 - inch Aspire One 532G is planned to be released around Computex in early June .
We just have a feeling there will be some more joining the Ion 2 netbook brigade in the interim , but it 's looking like we 'll just have to kick off the summer with another Ion showdown
Over the holiday weekend we gorged on movies ; Sherlock Holmes , Broken Embraces , a few others .
One that got decidedly mixed reviews was Up In the Air .
Personally , I liked it .
The New Yorker explains it very well .
But you do n’t have to agree with me for us to use the metaphor .
George Clooney plays a globe - trotting firer - for - hire ; an outsider hired by management to terminate people at arm ’s length .
( Never mind such jobs basically do n’t exist , this is Hollywood ) .
On a dozen levels , the movie deals with the issue of intimacy in business .
Firing people by proxy ; quitting a job by texting ; romance in the friendly skies — or is it romance ?
And throughout it all , can we tell the difference ?
Intimacy in Business
Also over the weekend , I had a cuppa with a client , a partner at a large global professional services firm .
Call him Ishmael .
We talked about his business and mine , mine consisting in part of selling to his .
Like many large firms , his has cut back virtually 100 % on internal travel .
Ishmael : A global business of collegial professionals can exist for a year without mixing with your partners .
Maybe even a little longer .
But at some point it begins to exact a toll .
We ’ve been webinared to death .
Worse , we only have two - dimensional , sensory - deprived images of each other .
There ’s only so much you can do to maintain a connection without the physical , breathing presence of each other .
Avatars and holograms and con-calls do n’t do it .
Cultures do n’t live by cloud - computing alone .
To make a firm , you ’ve got to drink beer together , play golf together , smell each other , laugh and cry in the same room at the same time .
Is that a real poncho , or is that a Sears poncho ?
( Frank Zappa )
Up in the Air Management
What I liked about the movie was that the Clooney character actually does have the ability to be real : he shows it in a scene where he cuts through the cynical hatred of a terminated employee ( the talented J.K. Simmons ) to jarringly put him back in touch with his youthful dreams .
And yet Clooney ’s character is so practiced in the Plastic Ways that he ultimately can’t recognize when he ’s lost touch with that ability .
The best movies are metaphors for life .
There ’s fodder enough here to rail against the twittering , ADD - ridden , thumb - dancing toys that threaten to reduce our attention to a tiny screen .
But that ’s not all .
Those new technologies are also metaphors in addition to being virtual reality centers .
They are metaphors for other forms of anti-intimacy management tools–blind auctions ; outsourcing ; management by process ; modular design ; over - use of legal agreements ; online employment search .
There ’s nothing wrong per se with any of these tools .
But taken uncritically , and at too great a strength , you end up with Clooney in the skies , aiming at what you think is real , but which ends up being just a pale reflection .
… like a Sale sign in the window ; you go in , and find it is only the sign that is for sale .
( Soren Kierkegaard )
Contridictory stories are circulating after Fox News 's pursuing of Wikimedia Foundation for hosting pornography reportedly resulted in Jimmy Wales personally removing some pornographic material from its servers , then giving up his special editing privileges under pressure .
Fox News reported that Wikimedia is " in chaos " ; this report was picked up by VentureBeat and others .
Wales denies that there is any chaos ( any more than usual , that is ) at Wikimedia .
The Fox News report apparently relied on a single unnamed source , and Wales said , " They do n't even bother to contact me before publishing nonsense . "
The background : on April 27 Fox News published an exclusive report about porn on Wikimedia servers , then followed up by contacting organizations that had donated to Wikimedia to ask them what they thought about it .
In the aftermath , Wales took a position in support of purging porn from Wikimedia Commons .
This all started when estranged Wikipedia co-founder Larry Sanger contacted the FBI with an allegation of child porn on Wikipedia .
On Monday night Admiral Landry , who is heading the response to the Gulf oil spill and is in the Coast Guard , held a tele - conference with a number of bloggers .
Unfortunately I had to be doing something else at the time ( as I have quite often when there were Press and other opportunities over the past weeks ) .
However there is both a video link , and a transcript available .
Since the Admiral addressed some of the issues that have come up and been discussed in a variety of forums , I am going to cherry - pick some of her comments from the transcript .
As an illustration , there was a question from Brad Johnson of ThinkProgress , about the size of the spill and that they should know the size of the spill if they are injecting dispersant into the plume .
The answer was
First of all , we do not have the ability to read the outflow at the riser insertion tube .
You might think you can , but there was no way to do that .
It would have taken longer to design the riser insertion tube if you wanted to attempt to do some sort of a flow rate measurement .
What they do have from the riser insertion tube is they have a way of decanting .
Once the oil and gas and water mix reaches the surface on the Enterprise , they can decant .
And that 's how they were getting the estimate of the thousand - gallons --- or , thousand barrels , excuse me --- estimate of what they 've retrieved thus far .
And as they get more fidelity on that , how much they get out of the riser insertion tube , they will share that with you .
BP will share that with you .
What we also have going on is we have the Minerals and Management Service , the Coast Guard and other federal agencies working on a couple different things .
Certainly we want to get fidelity on what we think the estimate of oil is .
When you 're in a response like this , you have to prepare and respond to a worst - case scenario .
So we have been preparing and responding an upward - bound of what could potentially be approximately -- we said 5,000 barrels , but it could be 55,000 per day .
That is if the well let go , the design engineers will tell you that it could be approximately 55,000 barrels per day .
We do n't think we have that much , because we 've got satellite imagery ; we know what we 're responding to .
We know how much we 're seeing on the surface ; we can estimate that .
So the upward - bound of worst - case could be approximately 55,000 barrels .
But what 's more important is we are doing the analysis .
We are working to do the analysis .
A federal team is working to do the analysis now , based on the information that we can get from the video and from the ROV , to see if we can get more fidelity on the actual amount .
And that 's something that will be very important as we go down the road for the national resource damage assessment process and for other things .
Brad has posted a picture showing the relationship of the spill to the Loop Current .
Composite of the oil spill ( white ) and the Loop Current ( blues and turquoise ) ( ThinkProgress )
The Admiral went on :
This is not an exact science .
These are all estimates , because the oil and water mix , even as you deal with dispersants , you 're trying to figure out what 's the analysis of how much we have applied on the surface and subsurface , and what 's the estimate of the efficacy of that .
There 's a thing called the fate of the oil .
And they are doing an analysis to figure out how much do we think we 've really been dealing with since the start of this response ?
So both of those things -- the estimate of the out - flow , based on the video analysis , and then also the efficacy of the response .
And a subsequent clarification :
We were comfortable with the estimate that was given , the 5,000 barrel per day estimate .
It 's only an estimate .
I was comfortable with working from that .
Did I think it was exact ?
No .
I 've never trusted that .
I 've never personally trusted that as an exact number .
We are responding daily to what we see and what we are experiencing in the cleanup .
And it is a very , very good cleanup thus far .
I think we 're having good success thus far .
. . . . the reason we 've taken it as seriously as we have and the reason we have 20,000 people and all the response equipment in place is because since day one , we have always prepared for a worst - case .
That it could be 55,000 barrels per day , which is an extraordinary amount which would have tremendous impact .
Leslie Berliant of SolveClimate was concerned about the pre-approval of the dispersant and the risk it might bring to coral reefs .
( The topic had previously been addressed at that blog ) .
In her answer , the Admiral noted the passion that the civil servants working on this bring to their work .
We have a unit called the environmental unit , and if you could listen to them and see how many hours they 've worked at this and how much they 've really debated and discussed how important it was to make sure all of the sampling protocols and everything was in place , to ensure they capture every element of this threshold .
I cannot emphasize enough that people did not proceed into this very lightly .
( This is something I have noted a number of times , many folk who comment do not understand how passionate about the environment many state and federal officials are , and how there is indeed a considerable scrutiny by many qualified folk of the efforts , and the questions do get aired and debated ) .
The Admiral also talked on the need to co-ordinate all the different efforts that are now taking place in the Gulf , across parish , state , and federal levels and with the great variety of state agencies .
The Unified Command site notes :
• Personnel were quickly deployed and more than 20,000 are currently responding to protect the shoreline and wildlife .
• More than 950 vessels are responding on site , including skimmers , tugs , barges , and recovery vessels to assist in containment and cleanup efforts — in addition to dozens of aircraft , remotely operated vehicles , and multiple mobile offshore drilling units .
• More than 1.36 million feet of containment boom and 480,000 feet of sorbent boom have been deployed to contain the spill — and approximately 350,000 feet of containment boom and 800,000 feet of sorbent boom are available .
• Approximately 7.6 million gallons of an oil - water mix have been recovered .
• Approximately 640,000 gallons of total dispersant have been deployed — 590,000 on the surface and 53,000 subsea .
More than 300,000 gallons are available .
17 staging areas are in place and ready to protect sensitive shorelines , including : Dauphin Island , Ala. , Orange Beach , Ala. , Theodore , Ala. , Panama City , Fla. , Pensacola , Fla. , Port St. Joe , Fla. , St. Marks , Fla. , Amelia , La. , Cocodrie , La. , Grand Isle , La. , Shell Beach , La. , Slidell , La. , St. Mary , La. ; Venice , La. , Biloxi , Miss. , Pascagoula , Miss. , and Pass Christian , Miss .
The area that is restricted has been increased :
With the changes in technology , there have been numerous new developments .
One of the biggest benefactors of this growth has been the entertainment industry .
A major part of the entertainment industry is the casino industry .
This sector rakes in billions of dollars in revenue every year , and from expert projections , this number is only going to increase even more .
In a bid to get a piece of this big industry , more companies are coming up .
One of the best advancements that have seen even more people becoming a part of the casino is the introduction of online casinos in Singapore .
This has created great convenience for people who enjoy playing casino games but do n’t have access to physical locations .
From online casinos , people can now enjoy these games at the comfort of where they are as all they have to do is log into the platforms and engage in any games that they enjoy .
This has thus increased the number of gamblers playing on these platforms .
From this spike in numbers , there has been a corresponding increase in the number of companies offering online casino games in Singapore .
This has thus brought in a new quagmire , how do you select the best of the best online casino in Singapore with the huge numbers available to choose from .
This is a look at the various factors to consider in choosing a casino in Singapore to play on .
There are numerous casino games offered by online casinos Singapore .
These are some of the games you can enjoy , and one of the main factors to consider in choosing a platform to play on .
Some are ranked better than others due to the level of service they offer .
The problem of poor services is mostly experienced by newcomers in the industry .
It has mainly been attributed to the lack of prior and established experience in how the entire technology works .
They have however adapted fast into the requirements they have to keep up with and this has seen them become better each day .
Here are the factors you have to consider when selecting the best of the best online casinos out of the numerous available in Singapore .
1 : The level of customer support
As a gambler , you may encounter some problems in your online casino games .
This may result from an inability to understand how to place a stake on a casino game you want to play .
Another concern may arise on how to make a deposit or a withdrawal .
These concerns require to be addressed immediately .
In choosing the best online casino , it is thus important to research on their levels of customer support .
You should choose one that will constantly be available to offer you the much - needed support in all your activities on the platforms .
Go for one that offers you the most convenient way to raise your concerns such as through mobile calls , texts , or even emails .
With a great supporting team by your side , it is easier and faster to enjoy online casino games .
2 : Registration bonuses and bonus rewards to players
For a new player into any online casino platform in Singapore , it is often difficult to adapt to the new changes .
This can often result in many people losing some money as they aim to become better in the games they play .
This thus brings forth the importance of having a well - established registration bonus for a new customer .
This will enable them to become accustomed to the new platform easier and without having to lose their money .
This bonus program has become quite common in many companies due to the increased number of platforms offering online casino games .
This should be a great aspect to consider in choosing the best online casino .
These rewards should also be available for people once they make deposits into their accounts .
This can be set at a certain amount of the deposited amount .
This can be a great incentive for people to continue playing .
Other reward bonuses can be put for people who have played for long periods .
This can enable people to become more motivated in playing and thus increase their participation in online casino games .
By looking at all the reward programs available to choose from , you should go for that which offers the most convenience to you and a bigger chance of growing your winnings .
3 : Level of security of gamblers ’ information
In the new information age , data has become a very valuable asset for many companies .
This has thus attracted unwanted attention from hackers who have always wanted to have access to this data .
For people registering into these online casinos , platforms have had this as a major concern .
In choosing a proper channel to play on , it is vital to choose one that puts the safety of our data as a paramount feature .
Always consider how well these companies store your private information and who can access it .
By doing this , you will choose the vest online casino that will ensure you get the best security for your data and money .
This will ensure you get the utmost confidence in the platform and make your casino gaming experience better .
There are numerous factors to consider in choosing the most ideal online casino in Singapore .
From the numerous available in the market , it can be difficult to settle on a proper one .
These are some of the factors that will let you settle for the best platform that will work great for you .
The rapidly expanding environmental catastrophe caused by the oil spill off the coast of Louisiana is presenting a growing political challenge to the Obama White House , with Mr. Obama and his aides at pains to defend the response and forestall comparisons to the Hurricane Katrina crisis .
Nine days after British Petroleum ’s Deepwater Horizon oil rig blew apart and began spewing 5,000 barrels of oil a day into the Gulf of Mexico , a massive oil slick is set to wash ashore on the southern coast Thursday evening and , experts say , could dwarf the damage caused by the Exxon Valdez oil spill in Alaska .
Failure to get control of the relief effort and contain the environmental challenge could pose the same kind of political threat to Mr. Obama ’s popular standing that the much - criticized handling of the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina did for former President George W. Bush .
And unlike Katrina , it is likely the federal government will be the clear lead authority in dealing with the BP spill .
But Mr. Obama only Thursday dispatched Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano , Interior Secretary Ken Salazar and Environmental Protection Agency administrator Lisa Jackson to help coordinate the federal response to the potential environmental disaster .
“ We are being very aggressive and we are prepared for the worst case , ” Coast Guard Rear Adm. Sally Brice - O’Hara said at the White House .
OTHER TWT STORIES :
• Candidates ’ cash ca n’t buy a bump in the polls
• Obama ’s census form offers window into race views
• Wanted : Accurate information that a terrorist is dead or alive
• PRUDEN : Calling in the clowns to reform Wall Street
The president said Thursday his administration has held daily briefings on the disater and will use “ every single available resource at our disposal ” to respond to the spill .
His comments came at the opening of a Rose Garden event to honor teachers .
The spill has been sweeping across the gulf for nine days .
At first , BP estimated the flow from the snapped - off , mile - down well at 1,000 barrels a day ; now , officials say the flow is more like 5,000 barrels a day ,
The spill , as of Tuesday , was 21 miles from shore , U.S. Coast Guard Rear Adm.
Mary Landry said during a press conference .
On Thursday , the slick was just three miles from shore and blowing in quickly .
The White House contends that the federal reaction to the spill was immediate .
“ The response to the BP oil spill began as an emergency search - and - rescue mission by the U.S. Coast Guard and other partners .
Concurrently , command center operations were stood up in the Gulf Coast to begin immediately addressing the environmental impact of the incident , ” administration spokesman Nick Shapiro said .
BP ’s response has so far also been aggressive :
The company has sent more than 1,100 personnel , 33 ships and five planes to control and monitor the spill .
BP officials say they are spending $ 6 million a day to shut off the flowing well and contain the spill .
The oil company is hoping to cover the well with a steel cap to avert an environmental disaster .
However , the plan would take a month to complete , by which stage over 150,000 barrels could have been spilt .
Mr. Obama ’s response to the disaster will be closely scrutinized for parallels to the response of Mr. Bush to the devastating Hurricane Katrina that blew into New Orleans in August 2005 , destroying levies and damaging the below - sea - level city .
Later assessments by some organizations found that the primary responsibility for the disaster response lay with New Orleans Mayor Ray Nagin and Louisiana Governor Kathleen Blanco , not federal officials , but that did not lessen the political damage to Mr. Bush ’s administration .
Then , the federal government was critcized for not taking over the local effort by state and local agencies .
So far , no one has complained that the federal government has not taken over the operation now led by BP .
But few measures so far appear to have worked to curb the oil slick .
Drilling a second well to plug the leak , an option BP has examined , would cost an estimated $ 100 million .
The relief well would take two to three months , and by then , the spill could be over 300,000 barrels large than the 1989 Exxon Valdez disaster in Prince William Spund , America ’s worst oil spill to date .
The White House went on a full offensive Thursday in hopes of showing that had the situation well in hand .
Spokesman Robert Gibbs said the federal government had opened a command center in Robert , La. , and are opening another in Mobile , Ala .
In a hastily called briefing Thursday with top administration officials , the White House bristled at the notion that the federal government was slow off the mark .
“ BP is the responding party , ” said Mrs. Napolitano .
“ We are overseeing them .
We ’re working very closely with all of the state and local partners . ”
The Homeland Security secretary said measures are underway and that a worst - case scenario is not a foregone conclusion .
The White House late Thursday put out a “ readout ” of calls Mr. Obama made to governors of states that could be affected by the spill .
“ The president described the range of federal actions that are underway to respond to the spill and stressed the importance of maintaining close coordination with the Governors as this event continues to evolve .
All of the governors appreciated the call and the actions being taken by the federal government , ” the e-mail said .
As dawn broke Thursday in the oil industry hub of Venice , about 75 miles from New Orleans and not far from the mouth of the Mississippi River , crews loaded an orange oil boom aboard a supply boat at Bud ’s Boat Launch .
There , local officials expressed frustration with the pace of the government ’s response and the communication they were getting from the Coast Guard and BP officials .
“ We ’re not doing everything we can do , ” said Billy Nungesser , president of Plaquemines Parish , which straddles the Mississippi River at the tip of Louisiana .
There ’s a growing tension in towns like Port Sulphur and Empire along the Louisiana coast , which runs south of New Orleans along the Mississippi River into prime oyster and shrimping waters .
Companies like Chevron and ConocoPhillips have facilities nearby , and some are hesitant to criticize BP or the federal government , knowing the oil industry is as much a staple of the local economy as the fishermen .
“ I do n’t think there ’s a lot of blame going around here , people are just concerned about their livelihoods , ” said Sullivan Vullo , who owns La Casa Cafe in Port Sulphur .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Mercurial ( hg ) with Dropbox
I use Dropbox and Mercurial together so often now , and it ’s so freakin’ awesome .
But just as I was setting up another repo , I realized that there was a slim possibility that there ’s programmers out there who do n’t use this trick .
So they ’re still doing something crazy for source control , like trying to manage an SVN server , or a P4 server , or dealing with “ only 1 private repo ” restrictions , etc .
So … here it is , easy as pie .
Or something that ’s easy , that is n’t pie .
Your Mom , etc .
First , sign up for Dropbox .
( That ’s a referral link , you ’ll get an extra 250 meg on top of your free 2 gig if you use that instead of just going to the website ) .
Now , use Mercurial as normal .
HgInit is a decent basic tutorial .
You ’ll probably want to install hgtk on Linux , or TortoiseHg on Windows .
But , just for example , here ’s the command line version :
~ / myproj $ hg init ~ / myproj $ hg addremove ~ / myproj $ hg commit -m " initial commit "
Now you have revisions locally , which is nice enough , but that ’s just Mercurial .
If your hard drive dies , you ’re hooped .
On the other hand , you did n’t have to worry about servers or making depots , or backup , or other mucking around until you ’ve spent at least a few hours on the exciting new “ myproj ” and you decide you ’d rather not lose it .
So , what do you do ?
First , clone your repo into your Dropbox :
~$ cd ~/ Dropbox ~/ Dropbox $ hg clone ~/ myproj ~/ Dropbox / myproj -hg -- noupdate
The syntax is hg clone < from > < to > .
The -- noupdate flag tell Mercurial to just store the repository data , not to check out a working copy .
You ’re never going to work directly in the Dropbox directory , but instead use it as a “ remote ” where you push and pull to and from it .
The only thing that will ever be in that directory is the .hg directory , and there ’s no user - serviceable parts in that particular one .
That ’s why I renamed myproj to myproj - hg in the clone step , just so I remember that it ’s a Mercurial directory , and it ’s supposed to be “ empty ” ( because the .hg will be hidden on Linux ) .
Second step , back in your original directory , edit your paths to point at the Dropbox backup of your repository :
$ vim ~/ myproj/.hg/hgrc
( or your editor of course ) .
Paste something like this ( the file will be new / empty if you have n’t added anything else yourself :
[ paths ] default = /home / sgraham / Dropbox / myproj -hg /
Replacing “ sgraham ” and “ myproj ” naturally .
Now ,
$ hg push $ hg pull
will work as expected in ~ / myproj , and every time you push , you ’ll have a secure , private , offsite backup of your code .
Step Three :
Well , that ’s it .
There ’s no more steps .
When you go to another machine , say a Windows machine , all you need to do to get access to your repository is to install Dropbox and then clone from it :
C:\code > hg clone " C:\Users\sgraham \My Dropbox\myproj - hg " myproj
And that ’s it .
hg push and hg pull && hg update will already work properly .
And there you have it , Dropbox is the shizzle .
Along with Mercurial , you ’ve got two great tastes that taste better together .
By Dick Nichols
May 24 , 2010 -- Even as the Australian federal Labor government sticks its Carbon Pollution Reduction Scheme [ carbon trading scheme ] into the freezer the climate change crisis intensifies , demanding a response adequate to its enormity .
The goal dictated by climate science is annual emissions reductions of 5 % from now to 2020 -- the critical " transition decade " .
Policies such as a carbon tax and feed - in tariffs have a role to play in reaching that target , but there is no way it will be remotely achieved without a vast increase in public investment in programs that strip back carbon emissions in the key problem sectors -- energy generation , transport , land use , buildings and carbon - intensive industry .
Public investment , planning and oversight is the irreplaceable centrepiece of adequate climate action .
Detailed plans for the transition in all these sectors in Australia do not yet exist , but the Zero Carbon Australia project ( ZCA ) is working at them , and has already produced a detailed proposal for the most carbon - polluting -- stationery energy .
It is costed at A$ 367 billion , or $ 36.7 billion annually to 2020 , around 3 % of Australia 's present gross domestic product , or 10.3 % of federal budget outlays .
It sounds like a huge expense and , compared to the main federal budget items , it is -- as a major budget category it would be third behind social security ( $ 110 billion on 2009 - 10 ) and health ( $ 53 billion ) , ahead of education ( $ 35 billion ) and " defence " ( $ 20 billion ) , and three and and half times total actual and projected federal spending on climate change initiatives to date ( $ 10 billion according to the Australian government -- $ 8 billion when funding for carbon capture and storage is removed ) .
Add the $ 20 billion potential estimated private investment in renewables that is " in the pipeline " ( and awaiting the introduction of a price on carbon to underpin profitability ) along with state and territory financing and total potential and committed spending on renewable energy still comes to less than the needed annual investment identified by ZCA .
Put another way , projected total investment in renewables is far from assuring that Australia will reach the government 's 20 % renewable energy target , one - fifth of what climate science dictates Australia 's renewable energy investment effort must target .
Not a technical problem
So , is a massive increase in public investment renewable energies unthinkable ?
The ZCA study shows that the shift to 100 % renewable energy is already technically possible -- the challenge is to speed up the development and application of existing renewable and non-polluting energy technologies .
That would combine immediate expanded installation of industrial - scale technologies ( wind , concentrating solar thermal , biomass combustion ) capable of delivering base - load power ; industrial - scale test projects for technologies that have demonstrated viability in pilot form ( wave ) ; and accelerated testing and development of the least developed technologies ( geothermal ) .
A properly funded publicly operated renewable energy authority would be needed to help develop and oversee the host of specific projects that would drive the transition .
It would concentrate the efforts of Australia 's existing renewable energy scientists and technicians and rapidly train a new generation .
It would also be structured not as another federal government bureaucracy , but as an agency accountable to its own workers and welcoming feedback from renewable energy professionals , as well as from workers and communities affected by the transition .
Would n't that entail a " bloated " public sector ?
It would certainly require an expansion of the public economic activity , but facts have to be faced : there is no other way to meet the climate challenge fast enough .
This reality runs smack bang up against the prevailing orthodoxy of the " parties of government " on the size of the public sector and debt .
In their anxiety to end vulnerability before the conservative Liberal / National Party Coalition opposition humbug about bankrupting the nation , the federal Labor government has imposed on itself a limit of only 2 % annual growth in outlays .
It projects to return the federal budget to surplus by 2012 - 2013 -- despite the country 's massive social and environmental needs and when Australia 's stock of government debt is one of the lowest in the advanced capitalist world .
The Liberal / National Party Coalition 's response has been to parade as even truer believers about " fiscal consolidation " .
This bipartisan race to the bottom in economic conservative orthodoxy , accepted and amplified by the corporate media , practically chokes off serious discussion about the key role of the public sector in driving climate sustainability .
The grassroots climate action movement will need to tackle this mantra head on .
In Australia , total government spending presently runs at 35 % of GDP , but even if public outlays immediately included the 3 % of GDP spending on renewable energy indicated by ZCA , they would still be smaller than in nine advanced capitalist economies -- from Sweden ( 57 % of GDP ) to the Netherlands ( 45.8 % ) .
And that 's assuming no reduction in pointless or pernicious expenditure , such as the $ 9.5 billion in non-renewable energy subsides or the bloated " defence " budget ( including $ 1.5 billion for the war in Afghanistan ) .
Who should pay ?
Where would the money to fund the shift to renewable energy come from ?
The present tiff between the federal Labor government and the mining industry over the proposed Resource Super Profits Tax ( RSPT , see article below ) provides the clue .
In 2006 - 07 ( the last year for which full statistics are available ) pre-tax resource industry profits stood at $ 41 billion and the industry profit margin ( pre-tax profits as a proportion of total income ) at 35 % .
If mining super - profits in that year had been creamed off to bring the mining industry profit margin to the average , ( economy - wide ) rate of 12.8 % , the public purse would have benefited to the tune of $ 26 billion .
That 's 70 % of the annual funding needed for energy sustainability .
( We should also add in the $ 2 billion a year that the industry receives in fuel and energy tax exemptions . )
Despite the orchestrated squealing of the billionaire mining oligarchs the federal Labor government 's RSPT wo n't be reducing mining industry profitability anything like that much .
When the RSPT is in full operation it is predicted to trim only $ 9 billion a year off the industry 's profits , between 10 % and 15 % of the likely total .
Taking the profit share of the Australian economy as a whole , ZCA 's $ 36.7 billion needed for the renewable transition amounts to only 12.7 % of the 2008 - 09 gross operating surplus of private corporations operating in Australia .
It could be collected by lifting the company tax rate , pursuing corporate tax evasion and imposing a super profits tax not only on the mining sector , but on the finance sector , in particular the big four banks .
These accumulated $ 22 billion in pre-tax profit in 2008 - 09 , and their return on equity stands around 20 % .
At a time when a legal " class action " is being launched against the big four Australian banks for bleeding $ 5 billion from customers in four years through fees on late payments and other ruses , it 's time to start building our own " class action " for urgently needed climate sustainability funding .
That 's even truer because the ZCA plan for 100 % renewable energy represents only part of the total investment needed to reach a 5 % annual cut in total carbon emissions .
As further detailed plans for other sectors emerge , further funding will be called for .
When it comes to saving our planet , those who can most afford to pay -- the billionaires , especially those whose obscene wealth derives from polluting industries , must pay the bill .
[ Dick Nichols is a member of the national executive of the Socialist Alliance of Australia .
Another version of this article appeared in Green Left Weekly . ]
Put mining in public hands
Green Left Weekly editorial
May 24 , 2010 -- Australian Labor Prime Minister Kevin Rudd 's proposed tax on mining industry super - profits has , to the surprise of no one , attracted a great deal of whining from the mining sector .
Andrew Forrest of Fortescue Metals accused those who supported the tax of engaging in “ class warfare ” and threatened to sell his mining interests overseas if the tax goes ahead , reported the May 19 Melbourne Herald Sun .
On May 20 , he said that he had shelved $ 17.5 billion in new mining projects as a result of the tax .
Threats of “ capital flight ” are standard when a capitalist enterprise sees its profit margin threatened with even a slight decrease and governments routinely bend over backwards in response .
The perceived risk of capital flight is used to justify handouts to big business , such as the $ 10 billion a year subsidy to Australian fossil fuel industries revealed by a University of Technology , Sydney ( UTS ) report released on April 30 .
The whining from the mining sector would seem more justified if the proposed tax was n’t ( in addition to increasing superannuation payments ) funding a cut in the overall corporate tax rate to 28 % .
It ’s a pity that we get another serve of “ fiscal responsibility ” , with no serious investment in improving social welfare or helping develop an ecologically sustainable economy .
The Rudd government is not seeking to tax the mining industry 's profits in the interests of ordinary people or the environment , but in order that the benefits of the mining boom can be shared more equally among the capitalist class as a whole .
The big mining companies , not surprisingly , are less than thrilled by this approach — hence the crude attempt at economic blackmail .
However , while the Rudd government will use the threat of capital flight to justify a likely “ compromise ” deal with the mining industry that weakens the tax , the threats are largely hollow .
With or without the tax , the mining industry in Australia is extremely profitable .
Given the ongoing global economic crisis , it is hard to imagine big mining companies turning their backs on the Australian industry .
What is more , the threat of capital flight only works if a government refuses to consider nationalisation .
The use of capital flight to blackmail governments into not adopting policies unfavourable to big business depends on the belief that only big business can , or should , run such industries .
This is the position of the Rudd government , which is slavishly loyal to Australian corporate interests .
However , a reasonable response from a government to the threats from companies like BHP and Rio Tinto to go offshore would be to tell these companies that , if this occurs , the government will take over their mines and related infrastructure .
State ownership would give government all the profits — not just 40 % above a certain level .
More importantly , state ownership would allow a government committed to tackling the climate crisis to use mining revenue to fund development of renewable energy , while seeking to phase - out destructive mining ( especially of coal ) and re-train mining workers for new , green industries .
Seen from this perspective , a tax of mining industry super - profits is a step in the right direction — but not the ultimate solution .
It should be seen as the start of a process that seeks to shift major industry towards the needs of people and the planet .
If private owners of big companies resist or sabotage this change , governments should be willing to step in and take over .
Nnimmo Bassey , chairperson of Friends of the Earth International , told the World People ’s Conference on Climate Change and the Rights of Mother Earth in Cochabamba , Bolivia , in April that to avoid devastating climate change , “ oil should be left in the soil , coal should be left in the hole , and tar sands should be kept underground ” .
Bassey is from Nigeria .
Both Bolivia , whose radical government hosted the conference , and Nigeria are poor countries that have suffered from the curse of having carbon resources extracted by Western multinationals at the cost of terrible environmental destruction and social dislocation .
At Cochabamba , Bolivia ’s President Evo Morales , said the profit - driven extraction of resources had to end if the world was to avoid catastrophic climate change .
For that to happen , the private ownership of resources had to end — and capitalism with it .
This is a hard path for carbon - resource dependent Third World countries like Bolivia and Nigeria , but is far easier for a rich , developed country like Australia .
And the best way to manage the transition away from environmentally destructive mining is for the industry to be in public hands .
But the Rudd Labor government has other priorities .
The $ 10 billion state subsidy given to the fossil fuel industries is 25 times higher than that which goes to renewable energy , the UTS report revealed .
The vested interests of the fossil fuel companies rig the game , making it impossible for a transition to renewable energy .
The government allows this to continue .
This must change .
We need a new set of rules , free from the variations of the market .
A set of rules where choices are made not on what is profitable , but what is needed for our survival .
David Cameron is Britain ’s 53rd Prime Minister , the 19th to hail from the exclusive Eton College .
He is also the first Conservative Prime Minister to offer Britain ’s electors a referendum on electoral reform .
It ’s this concession — a breathtaking development and shift from Conservative tradition — that landed Cameron the top job .
Having ended up so close to power but without an absolute majority , Cameron convinced his backbenchers what many had thought impossible : a referendum on electoral reform must be offered to the Liberal Democrats .
Up until Monday , the only offer Cameron had put on the table was a wishy - washy proposal to have an inquiry into electoral reform , which made Labour and their offer of a referendum a serious option for the Liberal Democrats .
It was the news of Labour ’s entry into the fray that pushed Cameron and his team to the brink .
It was then that he rallied for a counter - strike , producing his own game - changing offer of a referendum .
Voters would be presented with a referendum proposal by Cameron to replace the current " first past the post " system with an Australian - style preferential voting system .
While this falls a fair way short of a full proportional representation system ( NZ and Tasmania use these systems ) that the Liberal Democrats aspire to , preferential voting will be a start .
Certainly Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg and his off - siders realised what a big opportunity Cameron ’s referendum offer presented — especially when they looked to history and the decades in the wilderness before reaching this point .
Senior Liberal Democrat figure Vince Cable told the party as much on Monday , telling them to go with their heads rather than their hearts .
Cable ’s call for a coalition with the Conservatives was significant .
He is one of the most respected politicians in Britain , hails from the party ’s centre - left and was an adviser to Labour party leader , the late John Smith .
He told his colleagues that reason dictated that a coalition government with the Conservatives offered the best chance for stable government .
He said this knowing his party ’s historical links with Labour are very real .
Indeed there are a significant number of Liberal Democrat members who worked at the election to keep the Conservatives out , so the decision was a hard one to make .
As far as the Conservatives are concerned , the fact that Cameron could go to his backbench and sell them the referendum proposal is an illustration of how much parties stranded in Opposition for long periods are prepared to compromise on issues thought to be non-negotiable .
Another instance was Labour in the 1990s and Tony Blair ’s and Gordon Brown ’s great " New Labour " modernisation drive which was a prelude to 13 years of power .
While Cameron ’s referendum offer was decisive , the travails of Labour and its post-election internal differences also played a significant role in forging the " Con - Lib " coalition .
A number of respected party voices including rising star Andy Burnham and " New Labour " founding father David Blunkett called for Labour to reject any deal with the Liberal Democrats describing it as " a coalition of the defeated " which would damage the Labour party .
Speaking on the BBC yesterday , David Blunkett said Labour needed time in Opposition for renewal and re-grouping after a mauling at the polls and 13 long years in power .
It also reflected the reality of the election result , with any Liberal - Labour coalition likely to be seen as having no legitimacy in the electorate .
While only representing one strand of thinking in Labour , statements like Blunkett ’s and Burnham ’s indicated that they were not united in offering electoral reform to the Liberal Democrats .
Not all Labour backbenchers , many of whom benefit from the current electoral system , support reform and the Liberal Democrats would have needed every vote from Labour given the state of the parties in the new Parliament .
This presented a major barrier to a deal with Labour — as of course did the fact that a coalition with them still did not offer an absolute majority , meaning more talks with minor parties to form a government .
Labour will now use the time in Opposition to elect a new leader and settle what the " New Labour " legacy of the last 20 years or so means .
They would seek to exploit the inevitable tensions that must arise between the coalition partners given the massive spending cuts demanded by Britain ’s creditors as well as the tensions caused by some basic differences in the philosophy department between the coalition partners .
However , that said , some aspects of the coalition may appeal to Liberal Democrat voters .
David Cameron , at 43 years old , is the youngest Prime Minister since Lord Liverpool in 1812 and shares a similar class background to Liberal Democrat Nick Clegg , another young leader .
The two get on quite well in person .
Further , Cameron is the most socially progressive Conservative party leader in modern times , and he has very progressive views on gay rights , civil liberties , and climate change .
Since becoming leader in 2005 , Cameron has worked extra hard to distance himself from the " there is no such thing as society " statements of Margaret Thatcher .
His " Big Society " policy was a conscious repudiation of that .
Cameron is not the " die in the ditch " conviction politician of the Howard or Thatcher variety .
He is an old style Tory pragmatist , very much in the Harold Macmillan mould .
He has reportedly compromised with the Liberal Democrats in a number of areas including giving ground on tax cuts for low income earners .
He has also been generous in other areas like education and health in his quest for power .
Certainly the impression has been that Cameron has gone a long way to win over the Liberal Democrats and he has offered Nick Clegg and Vince Cable , among others , important positions in his cabinet .
Once the deal beds down , Cameron will need to watch his own party .
The backbone of the modern conservative party is still right - wing and Cameron is a source of suspicion .
He does not appear to be in the mould of their icon , Margaret Thatcher .
He also failed to win an outright majority despite the poor record of Gordon Brown .
They also distrust his " Big Society " policies which they see as being vague and quite likely soft on crime and other social problems .
The point out of this is that in an era of " new politics " it is not only politicians who will have to learn about coalition governments and all their attendant compromises but so will the grassroots members of the two coalition partners and the wider electorate in general .
Ultimately last Thursday ’s disappointing election results and the onrush into power talks has represented five very difficult days for the Liberal Democrats .
Their choice about what to do was best summed up by their former leader , Lord Paddy Ashdown .
He said on one hand , a coalition with the Conservatives was a choice for stability in government while on the other hand a coalition with Labour was a choice for " a program that Britain needs " .
The make - up of the numbers in the 2010 parliament , world economic events and big concessions from the Conservatives , ultimately made the Liberal Democrat choice for stability , the obvious one .
Now it ’s time to govern and the breather the financial markets gave the British economy while the voters sorted out a government is officially over .
One suspects Britain will now need all the stability it can get .
GAZA ( Reuters ) - Masked gunmen attacked a U.N. - run summer camp for children on Sunday after militants in the Gaza Strip accused the United Nations of promoting immorality in the religiously conservative enclave controlled by Hamas Islamists .
About 20 men , some carrying assault rifles , tore up large plastic tents and burned storage facilities at the site , where tens of thousands of children are due to attend camp sessions , said Ibrahim Elewa , a private guard who was on duty when they struck .
Two days earlier , a previously unknown militant group , “ The Free of the Homeland , ” issued a statement criticizing the camp ’s organizer , the United Nations Relief and Works Agency ( UNRWA ) , for , “ teaching schoolgirls fitness , dancing and immorality . ”
Fundamentalist Muslims , or Salafis , whose agenda of global or holy war against the West is against Hamas ’s nationalist goals , have stepped up attacks in the Gaza Strip over the past several months , targeting Hamas security men and offices .
“ No doubt in my mind that it is vandalism linked to a certain degree of extremism .
It is an attack on the happiness of children , ” John Ging , UNRWA ’s director of operations in Gaza , told reporters at the damaged camp .
Taher al - Nono , spokesman for Gaza ’s Hamas government , condemned the attack “ by a group of gunmen ” and pledged authorities “ will track down the perpetrators . ”
HIP -HOP CONCERT
Last month , Hamas made its own move against what it viewed as immoral conduct , sending police to break up the Gaza Strip ’s first major hip - hop concert .
It said organizers failed to get a permit .
Ging pledged the summer camp , in which boys and girls will be separated in accordance with traditions and values in the religiously conservative territory , would be held as planned .
“ The good news for children is and the good news for their parents is UNRWA will not be intimidated by such attacks , ” Ging said , adding that Gaza ’s youngsters “ deserve to have a smile on their faces . ”
Hamas wrested control of the Gaza Strip from Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas ’s secular Fatah movement in fighting in 2007 .
The Gaza Strip is under an Israeli- led blockade and the West shuns Hamas over its refusal to recognize Israel , renounce violence and accept existing interim Israeli - Palestinian peace deals .
Startup Lessons Learned conference was billed ahead of time as the Woodstock for now ( if you were n't there , you 'd say you were ) .
The expertise in the room and broadcast emanating more than lived up to the billing .
I love seeing the learning practices shared far & wide .
Eric , huge thanks for organizing .
As an entrepreneur currently in NY , the live feed was an amazing gift .
As has become the start of a habit , I 've organized a tweet archive , so sharing it .
It 's slightly more cleaned up than last time , but still raw - esque .
A ton of folks shared the gems that resonated with them .
Special thanks to Dharmesh Shah , Cindy Alvarez and Ali Sohani for especially rocking it .
A few decks :
Eric Ries ( @ericries ) slides
Steve Blank ( @sgblank ) slides & stream
Hiten Shah ( @hnshah ) slides
Drew Houston ( @drewhouston ) slides ( dropbox )
Kent Beck ( @kentbeck ) slides & stream
JustinTV streams
---------------------------------
9:00 AM
Welcome and Opening
Eric Ries
Host , Startup Lessons Learned
" There has never been a better time in the history of the world to be an entrepreneur . " # sllconf ( via @dharmesh )
" You are all very strange early adopters of a new idea . " @ericries at #sllconf ( via @dharmesh )
" In #startups , the product & customer are unknown . " # sllconf #leanstartup @ericries
Test your hypothesis , be adaptive ( via @alisohani )
" In lean transformation , Q # 1 is which activies are value - creating and which ones are a waste @ericries
" Value = validated learning about customers " @ericries
Myth # 1 : " Lean means cheap " .
Lean startups is NOT about cost , its is about speed .
# sllconf # LeanStartup @ericries ( via @dharmesh )
There is no substitute for a #vision .
Data / # Metrics separates delusion from vision .
# sllconf # LeanStartup @ericries ( via @johnprendergast )
---------------------------------
BUILD – Agile , Continuous Deployment
9:30 AM to 10:20 AM
Build : Keynote – “ To Agility , and Beyond ”
Kent Beck
Three Rivers Institute
Those who yet do n't get it , # LeanStartup is for # Startups to do # Agile # ProdMgmt & # CustDev , like # Evolution in nature .
( via @alisohani )
The gist of #leanstartup is about adaptability .
# sllconf ( via @ JoshNursing )
If your idea seems really plausible & true , then you do n't really have a good startup idea .
@kentbeck # sllconf #leanstartup ( via @alisohani )
" Start with what you want to learn , and work backwards to the build " @kentbeck # sllconf #leanstartup ( via @scottporad )
" Most startup failures are due to untested assumptions . " # sllconf #leanstartup Challenge them , test #hypothesis ( via @leonardkish )
How quickly can a startup expect to go from concept to product release ?
@kentbeck # sllconf #leanstartup ( via @alisohani )
Product Dev gets in the way of customer learning .
# ContinuousDeployment shortens the dev cycle .
# sllconf #agile ( via @ BrainHuddle )
" A number of those failed startups of mine were building ... carefully polished products that nobody ever actually bought " @kentbeck # sllconf ( via @cindyalvarez )
Optimize for your team as a whole , not for your own individual performance @kentbeck # sllconf ( via @cindyalvarez )
Turn your focus from optimizing what you 're good at , to optimizing what the team wants to acheive .
# sllconf ( via @saintsal )
From very start focusing on a " good engineering " in #startups is " self serving " - @ KentBeck # sllconf # leanstartup #custdev ( via @alisohani )
Fix the code when you need to , from hackery to scale - @kentbeck From prototype to well finished quality .
( via @alisohani )
' Your code is messy .
get over it . ' @kentbeck # sllconf
Sooner you accept the reality , you 're off to cure the real problem .
( via @benrigby )
' The key thing is figuring out when to switch from hackery to scalability ' - @kentbeck # sllconf #leanstartup ( via @benrigby )
Build half a product , see if anyone wants it .
Spending few months is better than a year to find that out .
# sllconf ( via @gabek )
' Is anyone going to click the buy button ?
Find out 1st before you code the # PaymentSystem . ' - @kentbeck # sllconf ( via @benrigby )
Removing bad features=good , not building them in the first place =PRICELESS # sllconf # LeanStartup ( via @johnprendergast )
Having a paying customer is a better measure of progress in #startups ; technical success does n't mean jack # sllconf ( via @alisohani )
" Collaborating with customers is much better than selling them software . " - kent beck # sllconf # LeanStartup ( via @benrigby )
Do n't want the company to fail fast , want the bad ideas to fail fast & make room for the new #sllconf # LeanStartup ( via @dcian )
# LeanStartup : @kentbeck revises the # Agile # Manifesto ( for # startups ) http://java-metrics.com/kentagileleanstartup # sllconf ( via @alisohani )
---------------------------------
10:20 AM to 10:40 AM
Continuous Deployment Case Study : WiredReach
Ash Maurya
WiredReach
Do n't focus on coolness of the feature , but whether it solves the consumers ' problem .
@ashmaurya # sllconf #leanstartup ( via @jeantessier )
Before prod-market fit , hard to validate features quantitatively .
We ask customers how new it helped .
@ashmaurya # sllconf ( via @cindyalvarez )
When 3 + customers show pain , do n't deploy features until previous ones are validated @ashmaurya # sllconf ( via @DaveChurchville )
Features must be pulled , not pushed .
They must be validated first .
# sllconf # LeanStartup # CustDev # ProdMgmt ( via @darrellbrogdon )
Working in small steps & actively monitoring allowed us to learn more frequently , & adjust course .
@ashmaurya # sllconf ( via @saintsal )
Customer - suggested feature - we pushed it out to JUST the requester & asked if it solved their prob .
@ashmaurya # sllconf ( via @cindyalvarez )
Continuous deployment is incremental & takes time to get good at ( so start as early as possible ) @ashmaurya # sllconf ( via @cindyalvarez )
Release cycle time under 30 mins ( we did this by adding more QA boxes ) - @ashmaurya # sllconf ( via @cindyalvarez )
" Scariest thing for us [ w / continuous deployment ] was feeling of no safety net " @ashmaurya # sllconf ( via @cindyalvarez )
---------------------------------
10:40 AM – 11:00 AM
Agile Development Case Study : Grockit
Farb Nivi
Grockit
If ppl are used to idea that ' tomorrow everything may be different ' , it 's a lot easier when it 's tomorrow & everything is different # sllconf ( via @cindyalvarez )
# CustDev validates your intuition when data agrees w/ you & validates your wisdom when it does n't - Nivi. # sllconf ( via @adityatuli )
Describing work to developers in #narrative form produces fewer #bugs .
# sllconf #leanstartup # UserStories Nivi ( via @scottporad )
Build a narrative that tells the story of your users ; do n't use your tools as just a developer to - do list .
# sllconf Farbood Nivi ( via @kkoym )
Pair 70 - 80 % of the time .
Rest spent on spikes and chores .
# sllconf Farbood Nivi
Interview for engineer at Grockit : a half day of pairing .
" Do you want to continue pairing with the candidate ? " # sllconf ( via @mccloo )
Forgot to mention that we started and ended a deploy to production in the ten minutes before my Agile Software Dev presentation @sllconf :) ( via @farbood )
---------------------------------
11:00 AM – 11:30 AM
Case Study : “ But Does It Scale ? ”
Tim Fitz
James Birchler
Brett G. Durrett
IMVU
Use ( good ) #metrics , #iterate quickly , accept failures , value everyone 's work .
# sllconf #imvu ( via @troyangrignon )
Great #startups #culture : Accept failures , encourage experimentation , have a post - mortem , move on .
# sllconf #agile ( via @orchid8 )
Passion for customer validation is great .
Obsession for immediate validation can distract you .
# sllconf # CustDev ( via @jordanmuela )
" Do n't ignore your customers , but do n't expect them to design your product . " # sllconf #leanstartup #custdev ( via @freemarmoset )
Hack week :
Anyone can work on anything , but at the end of week , " ship it or kill it " # sllconf #imvu ( via @dharmesh )
You can release the code ( get it out ) , but you do n't have to release the feature .
Run -time config is your friend .
# sslconf #imvu ( via @dharmesh )
" ah ha " moment is really " oh crap " moment .
Who has n't had those ?
" we hired smart people who ca n't change our code " # sllconf ( via @cwodtke )
Continuous Deployment at IMVU : Doing the impossible fifty times a day .
« Timothy Fitz http://bit.ly/at5Joo # sllconf ( via @stewtopia )
@cwodtke :
If you have n't read it , it 's a must : Maker 's Schedule , Manager 's Schedule http://bit.ly/4cVJTA
#sllconf
---------------------------------
11:30 AM – 12:15 PM
But What About Design ?
Andrew Chen
Siqi Chen
Laura Klein
Dave McClure
Rashmi Sinha
Great design is about storytelling more than about visual presentation or engineering - @davemcclure #leanstartup # sllconf ( via @_iamfm )
" You should be optimizing for user happiness & business value " - @davemcclure # sllconf # leandesign ( via @cindyalvarez )
" Make the user respond emotionally in a way that makes you money . " @davemcclure # sllconf @dharmesh #leanstartup ( via @alisohani )
" Hate is a better #signal than indifference .
You can #iterate around hate better . " - @davemcclure #sllconf # leandesign @techranch ( via @alisohani )
Find a small group of lovers & haters and iterate around that .
Indifference is the enemy .
@davemcclure #sllconf # leandesign ( via @wizard_71 )
You can't create fun experiences by iterating based on data .
Use data to confirm hypotheses -- not formulate them .
# sllconf Siqi Chen ( via @dharmesh )
" Initial hypothesis is creative , confirmation and validation of idea is analytic " # sllconf @davemcclure ( via @asgrodd )
" Design is the way that you express your vision " @rashmi at #sslconf ( via @dharmesh )
You need the designer to be part of the development team , not just hand - off the design -- @lauraklein #sllconf ( via @ultrasaurus )
' Designers should be intimately familiar w/ biz objectives ( # businessmodel ) & # metrics goals ' # sllconf # leandesign ( via @benrigby )
Iterate around the marketing ( Educating users , uplifting ) as much as the product .
# leandesign # sllconf #custdev ( via @mainwilk )
" Mint.com product was late .
Meanwhile , launched a blog first and created a bunch of content to drive visitors .
@davemcclure #sllconf ( LOVE IT ) ( via @dharmesh )
" Most people think great #design is about how things look .
Great design is about how things work . "
- # SteveJobs # sllconf ( via @alisohani )
Get it straight : Test / Work on the riskiest thing first !
- @davemcclure #sllconf # leanstartup # leandesign #custdev ( via @bigs )
" Spend time to #design 1st 5 mins # UX . " it 's user realizing quick whether " this is for me " # sllconf #leandesign Siqi Chen ( via @adityatuli )
Do # Face2 Face # UserTesting to get the customers impressions # sllconf # leandesign Laura Klein ( via @ BrainHuddle )
Minimum Viable Product ( business model ) vs. Minimum Desirable Product ( Engagement , love ) Andrew Chen # sllconf ( via @dharmesh )
@jerepick : For example , an airplane ?
RT @alisohani : Build half a product , see if anyone wants it .
@gabek # sllconf
@jerepick : Is n't this a formula for getting stuck in local maxima ?
How do you avoid that ?
RT @alisohani : ' dont push features .
optimize existing ones
@alisohani : Point is not to build crappy product , but to iterate it fast w/ customers to achieve quality # MinimumViableProduct
Book @davemcclure mentioned - The Mating Mind : How Sexual Choice Shaped the Evolution of Human Nature http://amzn.to/bavx6Y
# sllconf ( via @stewtopia )
---------------------------------
MEASURE – Pivot , Minimum Viable Product
1:15 PM – 2:00 PM
Conversation : Getting to Plan B
Randy Komisar
KPCB
I want to invest in people that are irrationally committed to solving a really big problem .
# sllconf ( via @dharmesh )
@ericries : " Did you ever see a Plan A work ? " Randy Komisar : " No " #sllconf ( via @cindyalvarez )
" The plan B process never ends .
Paypal scored on plan G " - Randy Komisar # SLLconf # sllconfboi ( via @alisohani )
" Is entrepreneurship a good way to make money ?
Statistically , no .
It 's a great way to live your life , though . " # sllconf Komisar ( via @codypo )
Entrepreneurship is a #lab ; we do n't know exactly what we 're doing , we know why we care - Komisar # sllconf @mavenroger ( via @alisohani )
Important for entrepreneurs :
Know where you 're going , but be fluid on how you gonna get there - Randy Komisar # sllconf ( via @stempm )
By the time you decide to make a change , you 're going to wish you had changed earlier .
# sllconf ( via@dharmesh )
" If it takes you 6 months to measure , you 're measuring the wrong things " - Komisar # sllconf ( via @cindyalvarez )
" The problem you are solving points you to your customer " - Randy Komisar # sllconf ( via @shyamster )
I want somebody who is going to use as little of my time and money to get to the right answer .
- Randy Komisar , Kleiner Partner # sllconf ( via @startupsrule )
" Keep three thing that might kill your business in your sight everyday " - Randy Komisar # sllconf ( via @shyamster )
Data does n't support the Deferred Lifeplan .
Live your life to the fullest pursuing your passions & people you < 3 - Randy Komisar # sllconf ( via @alisohani )
" Most of # SandHillRd now think themselves as investors , not as risk takers & company builders . " # sllconf ( via @mikemoir )
---------------------------------
2:00 PM – 2:20 PM
Minimum Viable Product Case Study : Aardvark
Damon Horowitz
Max Ventilla
Aardvark / Google
" Process : assume you are wrong ( you 'll be right about that , at least ) " - Damon Horowitz # sllconf ( via @cindyalvarez )
Everyone thinks about a hockey stick in terms of user growth , try thinking about it in terms of engineering progress .
@ventilla # sllconf ( via @jordanmuela )
When " Goal is to minimize #risk of catastrophic fail " - only way is to maximize trials .
- @ventilla # sllconf ( via @cindyalvarez )
Principles Aardvark used to create their product : Minimize risks , Maximize trials , Be Patient ( via @ BrainHuddle )
Aardvark used 6 - 12 user to try things out every week for 9 months # sllconf ( via @ BrainHuddle )
Aardvark did ' Wizard of Oz ' testing where people pretended to be the product - result : a $ 7.5 m round 9 months later #leanstartup # sllconf ( via @sumitguha )
For 9 months , # Aardvark powered by humans , pretends to be a # RecSys #HCIR .
Actual software took over very gradually .
# sllconf ( via @alisohani )
Part of your job as entrepreneur is to be barraged by ideas and opposing viewpoints : Aardvark # sllconf ( via @martinertl )
People joining a startup should understand that they 're getting on an already sinking ship .
# sllconf Max Ventilla ( via @dharmesh )
Startup is sinking ship from day 1 , you WILL piss off some users .
No way around it .
Need thicker skin .
# sllconf ( via @jeantessier )
Turn away really good hires that do n't believe in the vision # sllconf @ventilla ( via @akumar )
Good to be in a startup : " people who are type A that want to be proven wrong " # sllconf ( via @kkoym )
" The Anatomy of a Large - Scale Social Search Engine " @vark - http://bit.ly/9hTk9f ( expand ) ( .pdf ) # sllconf # sllconfboi ( via @ericshaver )
" A dominant theme of entrepreneurship should be gratefulness .
Be grateful for your advisors , users , your team , etc. " # sllconf ( via @codypo )
---------------------------------
2:20 PM – 2:40 PM
Pivot Case Study : Flowtown
Ethan Bloch
Dan Martell
You have to get real users in front of a prototype as early as possible .
Ethan / Dan at #sllconf ( via @dharmesh )
" This is such a good idea , how could you kill it ? "
" But you do n't even use it ! " - @ebloch # sllconf ( via @cindyalvarez )
Prototype fast , validate learning ; when you pivot , pivot hard ; keep iterating ; keep validating problem ( via @troyangrignon )
Get around the feedback loop as soon as possible # sllconf @flowtown ( via @ BrainHuddle )
Validating ideas gets you closer to the probability of success @flowtown ( via @ BrainHuddle )
" The ' bullshit bar ' - if you do n't hit this metric , something is wrong " - @ebloch # sllconf ( via @cindyalvarez )
---------------------------------
2:40 PM – 3:00 PM
Pivot Case Study : KISSMetrics
Hiten Shah
" We wanted to target everyone ... this ended up being a problem . " @hnshah about early versions of KISSmetrics # sllconf ( via @cindyalvarez )
Start with customer pain ; listen for truth ; cut features ; product can be crappier than you think .
( via @troyangrignon )
100 features down to 25 " ..
Less really is more .
Build the 20 % that matters .
@hnshah # sllconf ( via @jaspanesar )
" If it 's going to take you longer than a month to get your product into customer 's hands , rethink it . " @hnshah # sllconf ( via @dharmesh )
True sign of great product design -- when people smile like babies ( http://twitgoo.com/pabh4), using your product for the first time . :) @hnshah # sllconf ( via @stempm )
Build metrics around people , not numbers # sllconf #KISSMetrics ( via @ AnuragMisra )
" If you 're not tracking real people , you 're not tracking actionable metrics . " @hnshah # sllconf ( via @robangarita )
" I recommend that you write shit down " -- @hnshah KISSmetrics # sllconf ( via @ultrasaurus )
" Hunt for patterns .
There 's always patterns in customer feedback . " @hnshah # sllconf ( via @shyamster )
" Less time on features , more on understanding customer needs " - @hnshah # sllconf ( via @robslifka )
" People who DIDN'T use our product actually the ones who gave us most valuable information " ( to get to current KM pivot ) @hnshah # sllconf ( via @cindyalvarez )
" Do n't try and bias a customer into a solution .
Let them guide you , do n't guide them " @hnshah @kissmetrics # sllconf ( via @benjaminm )
Did you know YouTube was once a dating site ?
Massive " customer needs " pivot .
- @hnshah # sllconf ( via @cindyalvarez )
Turning products company into consulting company doesnt work and does not scale .
( KissMetrics lessons learned @hnshah ) # sllconf ( via @stempm )
Customizability requires hand - holding .
# sllconf @hnshah ( via @dharmesh )
---------------------------------
LEARN – Customer Development
3:30 PM – 4:15 PM
Customer Development 2.0
Steve Blank
" No business plan survives first contact with customers . " @sgblank # sllconf ( via @christianhobbs )
" At startups , you search and pivot .
At companies , you execute . " @sgblank # sllconf ( via @ GregOsuri )
Startups * search * for the business model .
Companies are about * execution * of the business model .
@sgblank # sllconf ( via @m2 jr )
Startups are about metrics , not accounting .
# sllconf ( via @jenbee )
" Startups are all about testing hypotheses " - @sgblank # sllconf # sllconfboi ( via @ericshaver )
A Startup is a an organization designed to identify a scalable business model .
Startups search , companies execute .
( via @henretig )
" You fail if you remain a startup " # sllconf @sgblank ( via @robangarita )
PM in startups vs established company .
Hypothesis testing & pivoting vs MRD 's & competitive analysis # sllconf #leanstartup ( via @cwodtke )
If you 're not showing your metrics to another adult , it 's just brownian motion .
# sllconf @sgblank ( via @jeantessier )
Three stages : search for model , build model , grow model .
Do this fast .
E - school helps with stage 1 .
Let 's build it .
# sllconf Steve Blank . ( via @troyangrignon )
" If all your board is asking about is balance sheet / cash flow / income , you 've got the wrong board " @sgblank # sllconf ( via @cindyalvarez )
" While you are searching for a business model your company is WORTHLESS " -- Steve Blank # sllconf ( via @rowansimpson )
$ 500 K is the new $ 5 M - @sgblank # sllconf ( via @jimmurphy )
We need e-school -- not b-school .
We need to teach entrepreneurial skills not business manager skills .
# sllconf ( via @dharmesh )
Why do n't founders make it to the large company stage ?
Skills need to search are different than the skills needed to execute # sllconf ( via @ BrainHuddle )
" The proliferation + success of accelerators should be an embarassment to univerisities everywhere . " @sgblank at #sllconf ( via @ericries )
There are 5.7 million small businesses in the U.S. with < 500 employees .
99.7 % of ALL companies .
@steveblank # sllconf ( via @dharmesh )
@ultrasaurus : truth is pivot is not failing - pivoting and closing is failing :) # sllconf
Steve Blank just said a high proportion of entrepreneurs come from dysfunctional families .
Now its making sense ...# sllconf ( via @djsiry )
---------------------------------
4:15 PM – 4:35 PM
Is Customer Development Marketing ?
Food on the Table Case Study
Manuel Rosso
" If it takes you a month to get statistically significant sample , you need more traffic " @manuelrosso # sllconf ( via @cindyalvarez )
" Conscious naivete " - perspective=let the customer guide you , do n't think we have all the answers - @manuelrosso # sllconf ( via @cindyalvarez )
Both Aardvark and Food on the Table used # tdd's " fake it , till you make it " w/ humans on backend before coding apps #leanstartup # sllconf ( via @nickbarendt )
---------------------------------
4:35 PM – 4:55 PM
Customer Development Case Study : Dropbox
Drew Houston
" Not launching = painful , not learning = fatal " - @drewhouston at # sllconf -- think # growthmindset !
( via @dlschweizer )
Build something you want , focus tight , bribe new customers , work on virality ( via @troyangrignon )
If you do n't think you 've a problem , you are n't going to be searching for a solution .
- @drewhouston # DropBox # sllconf @ultrasaurus ( via @alisohani )
" We spent all of our energy and resources making the simplest , most elegant product we could make . " @drewhouston # sllconf ( via @dharmesh )
" Search is a way to harvest demand not create it . " - @drewhouston # sllconf ( via @ SarahM )
Dropbox 's initial customer acquisition attempt ( being Traditional , using SEM ) cost $ 233 -$ 388/ user # sllconf ( via @dsldsl )
Users have sent 2.8 million invites to try DropBox .
# sllconf ( via @dharmesh )
Beta list for Dropbox waiting list jumped from 5,000 to 75,000 in one day #sllconf ( via @ MiA_Will )
Dropbox also saw an increase in signups of 60 % when they added 2 - way bonus for referrals ( referrer and referee ) # sllconf ( via @dsldsl )
" Dropbox 's MVP was a 3 minute screencast made in my apartment in cambridge . " @drewhouston ( # DropBox ) # sllconf ( via @dharmesh )
" Learn early .
Learn often . " - Drew Houston # sllconf ( via @lauraklein )
VC : " There are 1 M storage companies already ! " @drewhouston : " Do you use any of them ? " VC : " No " <-- mkt oppty !
# sllconf ( @cindyalvarez )
Dropbox 100.000 to many millions of users and no advertising spend .
# sllconf ( via @vladstan )
---------------------------------
4:55 PM – 5:15 PM
Customer Development Case Study : PBWorks
David Weekly
" Humility about knowledge coupled with hubris about ability to learn # growthmindset !
# sllconf ( via @dlschweizer )
" I have no idea what the bloody hell I 'm doing ! " makes for a pretty good #entrepreneur @dweekly # sllconf ( via @cindyalvarez )
You really want to talk to your users -- even if you think you know who they are and what they want .
@dweekly # sllconf ( via @dharmesh )
The only way to know what hypotheses to test is customer face time .
@dweekly # sllconf ( via @saintsal )
" Review user test videos with your team to inspire product improvements .
- @dweekly #sllconf @jamesbirchler ( via @alisohani )
PB Wiki : From $ 50 / yr to $ 50 K / yr per cust - orders of magnitude - by listening to cust .
and using value based pricing ( via @troyangrignon )
In an overpopulated keyword search world , old fashined word of a mouth is your best bet for generating converting leads .
@dweekly # sllconf ( via @stempm )
---------------------------------
5:15 PM – 6:00 PM
Customer Development Panel : “ But Who Should Actually Get Out of the Building ? ”
Cindy Alvarez , KISSMetrics
David Binetti , Votizen
Brant Cooper , Market By Numbers
Sean Ellis , 12in6
Matt Johnson , Grockit
" If someone put a gun to your head , and said I need you to launch the product in a month .
Could you do it ? " - @dbinetti .
I love #sllconf ( via @ AnuragMisra )
" Get out of your own way , pull the trigger & ride the bullet " - David Binetti # sllconf #leanstartup # custdev # prodmgmt ( via @alisohani )
" If a product is n't a must have , it will be a struggle to market it " -- @ SeanEllis #sllconf @ultrasaurus # LeanStartup ( via @alisohani )
" Must have products make the marketer look good " - @seanellis # sllconf ( via @shyamster )
" Just Ask : how are you doing it now ?
- you 'll learn a lot about user pain " - @cindyalvarez # sllconf #custdev #leanstartup ( via @alisohani )
" The way to get organic and sustainable growth is to have truly happy users where your product is solving their needs " @seanellis # sllconf ( via @craigdaniel )
" One of the hardest things for entrepreneurs is to give up on opportunities to focus on a specific one . " @seanellis # sllconf ( via @williampietri )
Do n't do PR until product validated by customers - @dbinetti - @seanellis ; @brantcooper agrees , but asks what R your objectives # sllconf ( via @mainwilk )
If you dont know what you are selling , dont do PR .
Spend on research and user validation .
# sllconf #marketing ( via @stempm )
MiA_Will : Good point :
Do n't use PR too early as it does 'nt help u find a sustainable business model , but do use when it matches ur objectives # sllconf
Do n't worry about small markets .
Once you dominate it , you can pivot to adjacent markets .
@brantcooper # sllconf ( via @saintsal )
@spkrause : impressed by the sheer variety of techniques used by practitioners to find mvp and prod-mkt fit .
# sllconf
-------------------------------------
And a few other general tweets
@cindyalvarez : yay recursion !
RT @asgrodd " product market fit " has achieved product market fit #sllconf
@dharmesh : Think about the second derivative .
Are you accelerating your learning ?
# sllconf
Just because you can build something that scales does n't make it valuable .
# sllconf #leanstartup ( via @startupsrule )
@jonesabi : Remember when you pivot you keep one foot on the ground .
Otherwise thats called traveling .
# sllconf
@alisohani : " Every feature is a #hypothesis , build logging for each feature w/ expected outcomes .
# FeedbackLoop as fast as possible " # sllconf @benjaminm
@FakeErinMcKean : I love how the lean startup approach rewards humility & honesty over macho posturing & bluster .
# sllconf
@dharmesh : " To test your idea , you can use a human to take the place of a product .
You do n't have to build it . "
# sllconf
@darrellbrogdon : Unexpected happiness translates into people telling their friends .
# sllconf
@cwodtke : I think ppl skip customer discovery in established companies , which leads to overserving a shrinking market #sllconf
@guyhirsch : #custdev is like looking 4 a job : full of awkward moments & asking favors , but once u find 1 its scalable #sllconf
@stempm : innovative mkt research :
Buy competitor sucks keywords + research why they suck .
Use it to understand the market need .
# sllconf
@isaachall : Nobody said this , yet my biggest take - away from # sllconf today is love & passion .
Thanks @ericries !
Sunday , May 23 , 2010 at 12:00 PM
Last Friday , the State Department added the Caribbean island country of Jamaica to its travel alert list .
According to the State Department website , this was done because of a recent escalation in organized criminal activity , including violent criminal activity , in and around Kingston , the national capital .
Moreover , government defense forces could be deployed to cut down on the violence .
Transportation to and from Norman Manley International Airport ( IATA : KIN ; ICAO : MKJP ) could be affected by road blocks .
The State Department , via its website , urged Americans traveling in Jamaica to exercise common sense .
The travel alert expires on June 21 .
related stories
Dept. of State warns against travel to and within Thailand ( May 16 , 2010 )
Dept. of State continues to urge caution when traveling to Georgia ( May 4 , 2010 )
original story ( United States Department of State )
From the Archives II
Another archival entry - this one is one of my favorite things that cartoonist Berkeley Breathed has ever written .
April 24 , 2003 - 9:09 a.m .
Note :
This is one of my favorite Berkeley Breathed pieces .
The Great LaRouche Toad - Frog Massacree
The summer of 1988 descended on Bloom County much as it had for each of the previous nine years of my life ; humid and without hint of the chaos ahead .
We needed no hints , however , for calamity always rode shotgun with Bloom County summers .
Each spring , bored boys awaited the hot months with giddy anticipation normally reserved for the imminent approach of a gang of Nazi motorcyclists .
Things were going to happen .
Wonderful things .
Catastrophic things .
And if that meant , say , that my dad 's new Chrysler LeBaron were to be dynamited by Japanese antiprotectionist guerillas , so be it .
This was summer , after all , and such things simply happen .
Confident in the knowledge that soon the June sun would fry most of the common sense out of everyone 's noodle , Milo and I would kick back among the meadow dandelions and wait for things to generally fall apart .
As I said , this summer would be no different .
These were contented times for me , being , at age ten , still safely ignorant of what my adulthood would bring ( namely , a clerkship at the lingerie counter of Wal - mart , a job that would send some fetishists I know into palm - sweating ecstasy but which , alas , still sends me to my knees with nausea .
See chapter 11 , " Women and Nausea " ) .
These were , in fact , generally contented times for everyone .
A presidential election was approaching , but it would be another four years before Clint Eastwood reached the White House and really stirred things up , so for the moment , life was pretty tranquil .
This , I figure , helps explain the exaggerated behavior of Bloom Countians over what happened that summer .
The Great LaRouche Toad - Frog Massacree , as it became known , had its roots in two entirely separate and unrelated events : a conspiracy of happenstance which was to test the civil defense preparedness of an entire American community and forever alter the ecological food chain of the North Meadow Pond .
On June 21 , 1988 , the following item appeared on page 3 of the daily Bloom Beacon , sandwiched between an article on the plummeting price of cow tongue and " Dear Abby " :
COMMUNISTS AT U.S. DOORSTEP
by Milo Bloom , Investigative Reporter Today it was discovered that after years of aggressive expansion , the Soviet Union has stretched its borders to within a mere 12 miles of American soil .
The State Department has no immediate comment .
... which was n't particularly surprising since the State Department had been aware for some time that the easternmost tip of Siberia comes within a polar bear 's whisker of Alaska , but who cares since it 's too damned cold to worry about .
But the vast bulk of the Beacon 's readership had no such knowledge and a subdued rumble of patriotic consternation coursed through the local population like some frightening new flu virus .
The consensus was that something ought to be done .
" SOMETHING , " bellowed Steve Dallas at a hastily called town meeting , " SHOULD BE DONE ! "
He pounded the table , looking properly drunk with nationalistic fervor .
Eunice Annanburg suggested CIA assassinations of most of the Kremlin , but she was soundly overruled in favor of a more moderate response .
A letter would be dispatched to the President informing him of the crisis .
( Years later , Caspar Weinberger would write in his memoirs that he had been sent to the White House to reassure Mr. Reagan that it was n't necessary to send the Sixth Fleet to investigate this new business .
We were pleased our letter had attracted the attention it deserved .
The President was a fave - rave in Bloom County . )
A high level of media - inspired hysteria and paranoia having now been generated , the stage was set for the second minor incident to complete the general breakdown of order that led to the The Great LaRouche Toad - Frog Massacree .
And it happened early the next Sunday morning , deep within the Bloom County Volunteer Fire Department 's wiring system .
Several errant electrons jumped when they should n't have at a place they should n't have , resulting in what should n't have happened .
In short , a short .
The air - raid siren came to life for the first time in Bloom County history .
It must have started about 6:00 in the morning and , it being Sunday , caught everyone asleep .
At least everyone in Milo 's boardinghouse , where my father and I lived .
Bolting upright in bed , eyes wide , I listened to the wail outside and I knew immediately that this day was to be dealt a prefectly proper dose of pandemonium .
The Nazi motorcyclists had , so to speak , arrived .
A nuclear missile attack was not safe but it certainly was not boring .
" Get under the door frames ! " yelled Dad , huddling beneath his as I emerged from my room .
I told Dad that standing under door frames was usually something done during an earthquake and that he might have been mixing up his catastrophes - but by then the rest of the residents had emerged and were milling around the top of the staircase , listening to the siren and peering up at the ceiling .
These , I later thought , are the many foolish things people do while waiting for Russian missiles .
Standing there in our various forms of undress , nobody had to say what we were all thinking .
The newly discovered twelve - mile gap between our peace - loving people and the Soviet hordes had been just too tempting and the Bolsheviks had decided to get the jump on us .
" I TOLD you all that something should have been done ! " said Steve Dallas , who was pounding the wall wearing only Fruit of the Loom briefs .
That Steve also was barefoot was actually the greatest danger we faced at the moment , his feet being considered a public health hazard within a five - county area .
In Bloom County , prolonged bachelorhood is often looked at with suspicion , but in Steve 's case it was merely a consequence of poor foot hygiene : women were simply never seen in his company .
Now , Steve did n't look much like what a homosexual was generally presumed to look like , so folks accepted the foot theory and gave him little trouble as long as he kept his loafers on .
Normally , aging bachelors can be a real moral strain on a small town .
The siren still screamed and Milo quickly took control of the situation .
" Okay ! " he said , " Where 's our Civil Defense Coordinator ? "
This was a good question , since Opus , who held that office , was missing ....
A quick search found him sitting on the pot with the Sunday funnies .
A late night of questionable activities had apparently taken their toll , for he was asleep with the comics draped over him like a quilt .
Our Civil Defense Coordinator was awakened rudely and dragged , struggling in a half nelson , to the top of the stairs .
I should digress to explain that the more unsavory positions of official authority within the boardinghouse bureaucracy were given to those members who made the unfortunate mistake of being absent for house meetings .
Thus Opus , much to his eventual horror , had been given the honor of being voted Official Trash Coordinator , Official Wasp Nest Remover , Official Rain Gutter Cleaner , Official Chimneysweep , and Official Handler of Steve Dallas 's socks - positions he earned by being off somewhere in Milo 's Meadow picking his nose when the nominations were made .
These were underhanded actions and complaints were lodged .
But this - this Official Defense Coordinator business was something altogether different .
That awful Sunday morning in June was the first Opus had heard about this new office .
" ME ? " he cried .
" ME ? Nope !
No way !
No no no !
Uh-uh ! ME ? "
He started to hyperventilate , so we wiped his brow with a cool rag and got him some herring entrails and grape juice , which calmed him down some .
With the collapse of the only official leadership , the situation began to deteriorate .
Thermonuclear bombs were due any moment , things had to be done .
Panic had to be averted .
Steve realized what he needed to do and returned to his room while the rest of us regrouped outside in the street .
Opus , dazed and faint with anxiety , was propped up and federal civil defense instructions were shoved into his hands .
Dad , Milo , his grandfather , Oliver Wendell Jones and his parents from next door , passerby in the street , all came to attention and awaited instructions .
The sirens wailed on .
Obviously only minutes remained .
" ' First , ' " said Opus , reading from the government manual , " ' Gather shovels . ' "
We dispersed and looked for shovels , returning with several .
" ' Second , quickly and without panic , take refuge in the countryside . ' " Shovels in hand , we formed an orderly line and proceeded to march behind our hyperventilating leader down the street , passing by others who were clearly reacting to the threat of thermonuclear annihilation with less self - control than ourselves .
We , after all , had taken the precaution of procuring not only an official federal civil defense handbook , but an official - if reluctant - Civil Defense Coordinator as well .
Upon reaching the dandelions of Milo's Meadow , well removed , we supposed , for Ground Zero , we stood at attention and awaited further instructions . " ' Dig shallow trenches , " Opus continued . " ' Lie down in trenches , cover self with wooden door or like object and await blast .
After shock wave passes , emerge and go to nearest emergency Civil Defense Center and fill out emergency change of address forms . ' "
With this , we seized the handbook and hacked it to pieces with our shovels .
Opus was officially decommissioned and we quickly adopted a favorite stand - by approach to an approaching holocaust - hysterical panic .
This is always fun to watch , so Milo and I settled back into the grass to savor the confusion , our own fates apparently sealed .
Opus wrung his hands and worried about what radiation would do to his complexion .
Steve Dallas jogged by , dressed in designer fatigues and wearing an extraordinarily full backpack .
" JOIN ME IN THE HILLS ! " he yelled in passing .
" ONLY THE PROPERLY EQUIPPED WILL SURVIVE ! "
Or the lawyers , we thought .
" JOIN ME AND WE'LL CRAWL FROM THE RUBBLE AND LIVE TO FIGHT ANOTHER DAY .
TO THE HILLS !
ONLY THE WEAK WILL PERISH ! "
This was no comfort to the nearly shattered Opus , who had no illusions as to where he stood in the strong / weak classification .
Watching his best friend Steve Dallas disappear into the woods dressed like Rambo proved the final decisive blow to an already critical frame of mind and he plopped over unconscious .
Lying serenely among the clover , Opus was blessedly unaware of Portnoy and Hodge - Podge marching up the hill with a fully automatic 45 mm American Ruger Assault rifle , apparently intent on massacring the imminent hordes of Communists in groups of fifty or more .
" We 're gonna massacree 'em ! " bellowed Portnoy , waving the weapon that had obviously been borrowed from the shelves of the K - Mart Sporting Goods Section .
Milo and I , concluding that the general scheme of things just could n't handle this much fun , tried to dissuade Portnoy and his fellow conspirator from their patriotic mission .
They would not hear of it .
These , after all , were a groundhog and a rabbit , two of the most excitable critters to be found in modern meadows and wont to excessive behavior .
" We 'll go out blasting ! " they said .
Down we went , following these two warriors , to the North Meadow Pond , where invading Russians were suspected .
Opus awoke and trailed this dangerous procession , rubbing his stomach , for nulcear war had upset it .
If he was to die in a fireball , he thought , it would be nice to go to Heaven without gas .
This was obviously not to be and the crushing reality pushed him further into a deep funk .
He was nearly at the point of tears when Portnoy , aiming into the water of the North Meadow Pond where the Communists were hiding in their scuba equipment , pulled the trigger of his massacre machine .
" I CAN SEE THEIR EYES ! YAAAAAAA ! " he screamed , or something like that .
For a full minute , automatic weapon fire tore into the little pond , turning it into a horrible , savage , boiling froth of hot lead and foam .
We hit the ground as the spray of bullets continued , tearing up trees , rocks , sod , an old inner tube - oh , it was simply horrific .
Order was restored when the ammo was exhausted and we picked ourselves off the ground .
Opus had , at the first blast , collapsed in cardiac arrest and was briefly thought to be shot , but after thorough and prolonged CPR , was brought back to full consciousness , walking away from the incident with only minor emotional troubles .
Back at the battle scene , we survivors checked for bullet holes in our clothing .
Portnoy sat on his rump , the gun on his lap smoking .
He surveyed the sight in front of him and quietly exhaled a low , sliding whistle , much as one might do when passing a terrible car wreck .
There , floating facedown in the turbid water , were hundreds , no , thousands of corpses . . . legs wide apart , arms spread , tongues extended their full eight or ten inches .
It was plain as pie that there was n't a single living toad - frog remaining in that pond .
The overwhelming magnitude of the crime grew on us as we stood around , eyese bulging and mouths agape .
" Look at Portnoy , " I whispered to Milo , for indeed the crushing realization of guilt at what he'd done came across his face like a shadow , and he slumped in shame .
These tragic victims were clearly not Russians , although he could have sworn they were when he first saw their gleaming eyes in the early morning light .
Milo , realizing that Portnoy 's emotional stability was at stake , went to his side and explalined that while , admittedly , the likelihood of those toad - frogs being Communists , or even liberals , was not great , there was no reason to assume that he had wiped out Republicans instead .
In fact , there was an excellent chance that the vast majority of them were LaRouche Democrats , who , of course , were better off dead .
This revelation appeared to cheer Portnoy , and the entire party headed back into town where we stopped off for Egg McMuffins , the air - raid siren having long since been silenced and the general domestic tranquility restored .
The news - papers recorded Portnoy 's excesses that pandemonious day as The Great LaRouche Toad - Frog Massacree , an honor which won him some brief celebrity and a quick appearance , via satellite , on " Nightline . "
Things settled down soon afterward and , except for the frequency of fried LaRouche frogs ' legs served at supper , normalcy returned to haunt the remaining summer .
I neglected to mention , however , that Steve Dallas was eventually discovered by a small and enthusiastic search team several days after the Massacree , lying spread - eagled and dazed among the summer hyacinths and surrounded by the remnants of his survivalist base camp , now in a state of higgledy - piggledy .
A blow - dryer , blender , toaster , piña colada mix , microwave oven , and other essentials of survival lay scattered among the barbed wire and camouflage netting .
His formerly impressive fatigues were nowhere to be seen .
The shocking truth is that all he was wearing was an argyle sock and a bad sunburn .
Opus bent down and put an ear to Steve 's mouth just in time to hear him whisper , " The horror . . . the horror . . .
I . . . forgot . . . the . . . mayonnaise . "
We took him home and rubbed Noxzema all over him and put him to bed , where he remained for the better part of the week stuck to the sheets .
← Sidebar
The following photos were captured in the museum of peasants ’ life and wooden architecture located in Suzdal city , Vladimir oblast , Russia .
The pictures were taken by Padunskiy ( all the photos are clickable ) .
Tags : museum · Suzdal city · Vladimir oblast
<< Samara oblast page was updated
Sakhalin oblast page was updated >>
The Deseret News makes a strong statement about diversity : it sucks .---
At the end of this week , the Deseret News will have an entirely white , male and Mormon editing staff for their news desk .
The last remaining non-Mormon editor , Brice Wallace , will return to working as a business reporter and former business editor and current assignment editor Greg Kratz will take over the business team .
Wallace has officially been the interim business editor , but has held the position for almost 15 months .
So he 's an interim editor like Gov. Gary Herbert is an interim governor .
Before dismissing this shift as business - as - usual for the LDS Church - owned Deseret News , understand that just over a year ago the seven - person editing corps on City Desk -- the department where the news and business reporters work -- included two women and four non-Mormons .
( Disclaimer : I was one of those non-Mormon editors , but not one of the women editors ) .
When asked about it Wednesday before a carnivorous meal of roasted meat , City Editor Tad Walch cringed and said that he hopes the current lack of diversity changes soon .
So , at least , words are being spoken that suggest diversity is desired .
But actions , in this case , probably speak louder .
After all , having an editing staff of faithful Mormons is closer to Editor - in - Chief Joe Cannon 's " More Mormon " utopia .
It may also fit into uber - boss Mark Willes ' long - term plans , if only I could actually understand what the hell Willes is attempting to do ( outside of consolidating control of everything in the Mormon business empire under him , a strategy that worked incredibly well for him at the L.A. Times ) .
To be fair , all of the editors at the Deseret News are experienced editors ... well , all of the editors outside of Joe Cannon .
They are good journalists with solid ethical foundations , and their religious affiliation does not lessen their skills .
But it can not be ignored that they are all of one faith , one gender and one skin color .
It sets a tone for the rest of the staff , and reinforces the perception -- publicly and , more and more , within the newspaper -- that it is a newspaper by faithful Mormons and for faithful Mormons .
The Niburian Council website " Prepare to take you rightful place in the galaxy , " offers messenger and " Channel " Jelaila Starr from Kansas with her professional looking template style website .
With loud unexpected audio the Richard S. Tolley website seems to be anti-war , anti-nazi , and anti-jewish .
The first page of the site reads left to right and top to bottom , unravelling like a modern turqouise scroll .
I believe it includes photos of the author .
Hey kids , satan has a web site with a special page for you !
do n't tell your parents but god is a liar .
Check out Satans tips for keeping your parents from snooping on your computer .
Inform 7 : In a Nutshell
Identifiers may have spaces .
When objects , variables , functions , and actions are named appropriately , the result is extraordinarily readable code .
Knuth would approve .
The language is rulebook - based .
Rulebooks are containers for rules .
Rules give it a declarative flavor at the high level while remaining plainly imperative at the low level .
The language is currently the most natural language - like programming language in the world .
domain - specific : it compiles to a virtual machine not used outside of the I -F community , and rules are restricted to three parameters -- the highest arity an English verb may have
event - based : events are called " actions " because the command line controls the protagonist 's actions in the simulated gameworld
object - based : single - inheritance and polymorphism are supported , but abstraction , modularity , and namespaces are poor to absent .
I7 is a " white - box " development language by design
cross-compiler : technically , Inform 7 source compiles to Inform 6 source , a weakly - typed multiple - inheritance traditional programming language , before compiling for the virtual machine .
The dev team takes care to hide this complication from novice users .
strongly typed : you 'll swear you 're in Pascal again , but inline Inform 6 code will circumvent
statically allocated : extensions can be downloaded to circumvent this .
The language is intended for non-experts .
verbose : the true verbosity stems from circumventing strong - typing , and the lack of deeply nested mathematical - esque computations .
But is insanely quick to type on a Dvorak layout .
May also be pronounceable for voice - recognition input methods .
has no unifying theory : some languages can say " everything is an object " or " everything is a list " ; Inform does n't have One True Construct .
This makes it easier to learn at first because we can use and learn any feature while remaining ignorant of others .
This organically - grown pattern satisfies Inform 's target demographic of non-programmers .
But at higher levels of programming , the language has a very ad - hoc feel to it .
unique : Inform does boast some semantic conciseness unique to itself , which will hopefully be emulated in programming languages to come .
We will mention these below as they occur .
In this article as well as in Inform 's official documentation , " the parser " always refers to the runtime parser , our player 's simplistic VERB NOUN PREPOSITION NOUN parser .
It does not mean that part of the Inform 7 compiler .
" X is room . " is the smallest program that will compile , not counting the automatically - added title and author listed on the first line .
Every program must have at least one room .
Hello world is :
My apartment is a room .
When play begins : say " Hello world . "
With three exceptions , the articles " a " , " an " , and " the " are treated as whitespace .
Types , Variables , and Objects
X is a number that varies .
Y is a number variable .
Deadline is a time that varies .
An excuse is some text that varies .
My favorite toy is a thing that varies .
The current manager is a person that varies .
The ocean currents are a direction that varies .
The best spot is a room that varies .
The light switch 's boolean is a truth state that varies .
The guru 's answers are a table - name that varies .
My secret plans are a rulebook that varies .
What worked last time is a rule that varies .
My regex target is some indexed text that varies .
An abeyance is a stored action that varies .
The apartment is a room .
" Behold Bob 's apartment .
That smell is coming from the pile of dishes in the sink . "
The apartment complex 's lobby is south of the apartment .
" Rows of mailboxes are set into the wall .
Box 114 is Bob's . "
Mr Bob Dobalena is a man in the apartment .
" Bob is wearing an old Transformers t- shirt with some well - loved jeans . "
T - shirt , jeans , and a pair of shoes are wearable things .
Bob is wearing the shoes , the T - shirt , and the jeans .
X is usually 2 . Y is 5 .
Deadline is usually 4:30 pm .
The excuse is usually " I did n't know . "
My favorite toy is usually the red Porsche .
The light switch 's boolean is usually true .
The guru 's answers are usually the Table Of Deep Answers .
Class And Prejudice
object
direction
room
region
thing
door
container
vehicle
player 's holdall
supporter
backdrop
device
person
man
woman
animal
An archway is a kind of door .
An archway has a number called the horizontal clearance .
It is usually 6 .
An archway is always open .
An archway can be magic or mundane .
An archway is usually not magic .
The player is Bob .
[... ] ; change the player to Bob ;
The Coding Imperative
let Z be 5 ;
now X is 5 ;
change Y to 4 ;
if X > Y then say " The word ' then ' flags a one - liner . " ;
if X > Y , say " A comma is synonymous for ' then ' . " ;
otherwise say " ' Otherwise ' ( or ' else ' ) must be a one - liner if the ' if ' was a one - liner .
No punctuation follows it in this case . " ;
if X > Y begin ;
say " ' Begin ' requires a semicolon of its own . " ;
otherwise ;
say " As does the matching ' otherwise ' and ' end ' . " ;
end if ;
if X > Y :
say " Python - esque style is OK as long as we do n't mix the two styles in the same function . " ;
otherwise :
say " Posting code to internet forums usually corrupts the tabs .
But tabs are required elsewhere in the language , so , meh . " ;
if X is greater than Y begin ;
say " This is a else - if chain .
Also , notice that relational operators can be spelled out . " ;
otherwise if X is Y ;
say " Only a semicolon is found for the trailing conditionals . " ;
otherwise ;
say " The final otherwise is the same as usual . " ;
end if ;
if X is greater than Y :
say " This is a else - if chain in Python style . " ;
otherwise if X = Y :
say " The punctuation here is more regular : always a colon , no matter what . " ;
otherwise :
say " The = is rarely seen by itself , in practice ; ' is ' is easier to type . " ;
unless X <= Y , say " ' Unless ' means ' if not ' .
Also , inequalities are written >= or <= , never => or =
while X > Y begin ;
say " While loops are almost never seen in practice .
Infinite loops are too easy with them . " ;
end while ;
while X > Y repeatedly say " Especially the one - liner version . " ;
if X is :
-- 1 : say " A switch statement masquerades as an if statement .
' Unless ' can not be used . " ;
-- 2 : say " Python style only . " ;
-- otherwise : say " There is no fall - through between cases , and no goto to restore it . " ;
if my favorite toy is :
-- the red Porsche :
say " Numbers and objects both can be used in switches . " ;
-- the jeans :
say " Also note the further indentation of the cases , and their subsequent lines . " ;
repeat with X running from 1 to 10 begin ;
say " ' Repeat ' is the usual loop construct .
It has [ X ] forms .
This enumerated one is n't used much . " ;
end repeat ;
repeat with clothing running through every wearable thing begin ;
say " The ' description ' type describes a set of objects . " ;
if the clothing is the pair of shoes , say " Also , ' every ' , ' each ' , or ' all ' are n't required here but may read better . " ;
end repeat ;
repeat with target running through all limbs :
if the target is the head , say " We can repeat through Named Values just as easily . " ;
repeat with programmer running through the men who are in a lighted room ( called the mainframe 's area ) :
say " [ The programmer ] in [ the mainframe 's area ] says we can do some pretty complex stuff with ' descriptions ' . " ;
next ;
break ;
repeat through the table of designs :
say " Tables are 2D arrays , We 'll look at them in detail in their own section . " ;
When play begins : say " Hello world ! " .
Every turn : say " La - dee-da . "
Instead of taking yourself , say " You pull yourself up by your bootstraps and read on . "
Boolean Adjectives
A thing can be spiffy .
A person can be grumpy or happy .
now the iPod is not spiffy ;
if Mary is happy , change Bob to grumpy ;
Definition : a person is boring : [... ] ; [... ] ; decide no .
Definition : a person is unlikable if it is boring or it is grumpy .
Definition : a person ( called the academic ) is laconic rather than chatty if the academic is [... ] .
repeat with associate running through every chatty not grumpy spiffy person begin ;
say " Hi [ associate ] . " ;
end repeat ;
Patterned Procedures
To plainly greet ( friend - a person ) :
say " Hi [ friend ] . "
To ponder / mull over /-- ( good point - a thing ) for ( awhile - a time ) as ( ponderer - a person ) :
say " [ Ponderer ] sits back in [ his - her ] chair for about [ awhile ] .
' Hm , [ good point ] is a very good point , sir . ' "
plainly greet Dr. Muller ;
ponder the best idea yet for 7 minutes as Dr. Muller ;
ponder over the best idea yet for 7 minutes as Dr. Muller ;
mull best idea yet for 7 minutes as Muller ;
mull over the best idea yet for 7 minutes as Dr. Muller ;
To ( ponderer - a person ) ponders / ponder / mulls / mull ( good point - a thing ) : .
To ponder for ( awhile - a time ) ( good point - a thing ) : .
let X be 5 ;
let the typical exclamation be " That 's cool ! " ;
let the articles of clothing be the list of things worn by Bob ;
let M be { the red Porsche , the pair of shoes } ;
let the modifiable exclamation be indexed text ;
let the modifiable exclamation be " That 's cool ! " ;
To go hiking , into the woods or up the mountain :
if into the woods then say " Watch out for badgers . " ;
if up the mountain then say " Better take your compass . " ;
say " You go hiking . "
To ponder the / an/a/-- ( nefarious plans - a rulebook ) : .
To ponder ( nefarious plans - a rulebook ) : .
To ponder the / an/a/-- foiled/new/-- ( nefarious plans - a rulebook ) : [... ] .
Functions Decide on a Value
To decide which room is my favorite place : [... ] ; decide on My Bedroom .
To decide what person is brother to / of ( sibling - a person ) : [... ] ; decide sibling .
To decide which object is my fabulous doodad : decide on a random thing .
ponder the best idea in my favorite place ;
if the brother of the noun is not the noun , say " [ Noun ] has a brother , [ Brother of the noun ] . " ;
if my fabulous doodad is nothing , say " I 'm fresh out of fabulous . " ;
To decide whether ( pants - a thing ) is / are on fire :
decide on whether or not a random chance of 1 in 2 succeeds .
if the brother of the noun is on fire , say " That 's gonna leave a mark . " ;
Say Phrases
To say He - She for ( P - a person ) :
if P is plural begin ;
say " They " ;
otherwise ;
if P is female , say " She " ;
otherwise say " He " ;
end if .
To say ( P - a person ) mulls / ponders --/ over ( idea - a thing ) : [... ] .
[... ] ; say " [ He - She for Chris ] glances at you [ Chris ponders tar - and - feathering ] . " ;
To say ( code - a rule ) : abide by the code .
say " Chris seems to make a decision . [ the formulate plans rules ]
But you do n't know what . " ;
say " He put on [ if the jeans are stained ] yesterday 's [ otherwise ] his [ end if ] jeans . " ;
say " The weather was [ one of ] rainy [ or ] sunny [ or ] windy [ at random ] . " ;
Sweet Relations
Marriage relates one person to another ( called the spouse ) .
The verb to be married to implies the marriage relation .
Bob is married to Jane .
[... ] ; if Jane is married to Bob , [...]
Friendship relates various people to various people .
The verb to be friends with implies the friendship relation .
The verb to be befriended by implies the reversed friendship relation .
if the brother of the noun is married to the second noun , now the noun befriends the second noun ;
repeat with associate running through every person who is friends with the brother of the noun begin ;
[... ] ;
end repeat ;
Trust relates people to each other in groups .
The verb to trust ( he trusts , they trust , he trusted , it is trusted , he is trusting ) implies the Trust relation .
Memorability relates various people to various things .
The verb to be able to remember ( he is remembered ) implies the memorability relation .
Bob is a man .
The time he spent in jail is a thing .
Bob can remember the time he spent in jail .
... one person to one person ...
... various people to one person ...
... one person to various people ...
... various people to various people ...
... one person to another ...
... people to each other ...
... people to each other in groups ...
Siblinghood relates a person ( called X ) to a person ( called Y ) when X is the brother of Y or X is the sister of Y .
The verb to be a sibling of implies the siblinghood relation .
let X be the number of steps via the acts - with relation from Kevin Bacon to Jodie Foster ;
let S be the next step via the acts - with relation from Christopher Walken to Kevin Bacon ;
let L be the list of spiffy people who are friends with Bob ;
repeat with countrymen running through every chatty not boring person who trusts the player begin ;
repeat with countrymen running through every chatty not boring person who trusts the player who is friends with a person ( called the shill ) who owns a thing ( called riches ) begin ;
say " Hi [ countrymen ] ; [ shill ] said you 'd lend me your [ riches ] . " ;
end repeat ;
Rules of Thumb
A persuasion rule : [... ] ; [... ] ; [... ] .
Persuasion : [... ] .
Every turn : [... ] .
Every turn during the collapsing bridge scene : [... ] .
Report someone burning something : [... ] .
Instead of burning something held : say " No , you might burn yourself ! " .
Carry out an actor helping someone : now the noun is friends with the actor .
Report tattooing : say " You go to work on [ the second noun ] 's [ the limb understood ] . "
My magic hand rule is listed instead of the can't take distant objects rule in the check taking rulebook .
The landlubbers can't walk right rule is listed first in the check going rules .
The block sleeping rule is not listed in any rulebook .
A procedural rule when the player is a ghost : ignore the can't walk through closed doors rule .
Rulebooks : White - box Paradigm
The pick a plan rules are a rulebook .
The pick a plan rules have default outcome success .
A pick a plan rule : say " I always fail , regardless the rulebook 's default . " ; rule fails .
A pick a plan rule : say " I can never make up my mind so one of my peers will now execute . " ; make no decision .
A pick a plan rule : say " I exhibit the default behaviour for the rulebook . "
The audible rules have outcomes silent ( failure ) , whisper ( success ) , voiced ( success - the default ) , shout , and deafening .
[... ] ; rule succeeds with result the whisper outcome .
[... ] ; whisper .
[... ] ; rule succeeds with result my fabulous doodad .
[... ] ; rule fails with result " In your dreams . "
consider the pick a plan rules ;
if the rule succeeded , say " How about [ the result of the rule ] ? " ;
if the rule failed , say " I 've no plans because of [ the reason the action failed ] . " ;
follow the pick a plan rules ;
if the rule succeeded , [...]
abide by the pick a plan rules ;
say " This never prints because Abide By also returns . " ;
anonymously abide by the pick a plan rules ;
say " As above , but does n't clobber the global return variables .
Useful for middleman rulebooks . "
The pick a plan rulebook has an object called the best plan so far .
The first pick a plan rule ( this is the initialize plan rule ) : change the best plan so far to the little - used do nothing rule .
The last pick a plan rule ( this is the default fallback answer rule ) : rule fails .
Events are Actions
Check taking something held : say " You already have that ! " instead .
Carry out an actor taking something : now the actor carries the noun .
Report taking : say " Taken . "
Donating is an action applying to one thing .
Discussing is an action applying to one topic .
Accusing it of is an action applying to one object and one visible object .
Tabulating is an action applying to one number and requiring light .
Scheduling is an action applying to one time .
Temporarily waiting is an action applying to one time .
Whining is an action applying to nothing .
Teleporting to is an action applying to one room .
Saving the game is an action out of world applying to nothing .
Tattooing it of is an action applying to one limb and one thing , requiring light .
Weaving is an action with past participle woven , applying to one thing .
try Bob donating the jeans ;
silently try donating the red Porsche ;
try Bob accusing the player of theft ;
try teleporting to the tattoo parlor ;
try silently the current manager tattooing the back of the player ;
An abeyance is a stored action that varies .
[... ] ; now the abeyance is the action of Bob examining the player ;
[... ] ; try the abeyance ;
[... ] ; now abeyance is the action of the current manager firing the noun ;
No Lights , No Camera , Just Action
Setting Action Variables For < action >
Before Persuasion ( NPCs only )
Instead ( default outcome is failure , so only one rule will typically execute )
( default outcome is failure , so only one rule will typically execute ) Check < action > Unsuccessful Attempt By ( only when Instead or Check fails ) ( NPCs only )
Carry out < action >
After ( default outcome is success , so only one rule will typically execute , and , will also skip the Report rules in that case )
( default outcome is success , so only one rule will typically execute , and , will also skip the Report rules in that case ) Report < action > ( skipped if the action was invoked with " try silently " )
Check rulebooks catch situations which should prevent an action from occurring ; it enforces preconditions , essentially .
If the Check rules prevent the player from doing something , it is responsible for narrating that result .
Carry
Out rulebooks simulate the action , updating any data and running any code necessary ; it should not print anything lest " try silently " wo n't live up to its name .
Report rulebooks then narrate the result .
The sole Persuasion rulebook catches player commands of the form BOB , TAKE ROCK .
It decides whether Bob will do as you ask him to .
If a Persuasion rule succeeds , the NPC attempts the action .
If it fails , it should narrate the NPC 's negative response .
A default Persuasion rule , last in the rulebook , will return failure .
Unsuccessful Attempt
By will run if the NPC obeyed but a Check or Instead rule ( i.e. , the physical world ) stopped him .
It too should narrate the failure .
( The standard library Check rulebooks will check all characters , but only print a particular failure message for the player ; the NPCs are sent here for a single , generic " is unable to do that " response from the last , default rule in the book . )
Before happens between parsing and game reaction .
It can also trigger on groups of actions .
Instead is useful for blocking groups of actions .
After , when adorned with a condition or three , is useful for triggering cutscenes .
Setting Action Variables
For is responsible for initializing variables that are local to the action , as opposed to variables local to an individual function , rule , or rulebook .
This rulebook should do as little as possible .
It should not print anything .
It is rarely needed .
Instead of Tiny jumping : say " Tiny is too overweight to jump .
You all must find another way to help him across . "
Carry out an actor jumping : now the actor is on the nearby platform .
Report someone jumping : say " You see [ the actor ] jump over . "
Report jumping : say " You jump over . "
Report going from the monkey village to the lost city 's entrance by the hoverboard : say " You sail into the clearing easily this time , bypassing all those nasty monkeys that like to drop on top of you . "
The jumping action has an object called the obstacle ( matched as " over " ) .
Setting action variables for jumping :
now the obstacle is the current blockage of the location .
Instead of Stevie Burns jumping : say " Even little Stevie hops over [ the obstacle ] . "
Instead of Stevie Burns jumping over a fiery fallen beam : say " ' Help ! ' says Stevie .
You suddenly recall him telling you about the time his house burned down . "
Whining is pointless behavior .
Temporarily waiting is pointless behavior .
Discussing is conversation .
Accusing it of is conversation .
Accusing it of is drama .
Teleporting to is drama .
Tabulating is acting like a frickin ' accountant .
Scheduling is acting like a frickin ' accountant .
After pointless behavior : say " But you still feel unfulfilled . "
Before conversation when the current interlocutor is not in the location : now the current interlocutor is a random person in the location .
Instead of drama , say " ( Now is the time to lay low ! ) "
Instead of acting like a frickin ' accountant during the collapsing bridge scene , say " You calculate ( correctly ) that you 're about to become a victim of natural selection . "
Before an actor discussing a spiffy thing when in the presence of Mr Blackheart : [... ] .
Instead of doing anything except waiting when the player is paralyzed , say " ( Uhh ... can 't ... move ... ) "
Instead of someone doing anything except taking , dropping , or burning with something incriminating , say " [ The actor ] says , ' No , I must get rid of [ the noun ] ! ' "
After examining , looking under , or searching anything owned by Mr Blackheart during a scene needing tension : say " Suddenly , Blackheart re-enters the room .
' What are you doing . '
It was n't a question . "
Examining something is acting like a klutz .
Dropping someone is acting like a klutz .
Looking is acting like a klutz .
Before someone acting like a klutz : [... ] .
Understanding Our Player , Our Parser
Understand " whine " as whining .
Understand " donate [ something ] " as donating .
Understand " give away [ something ] " as donating .
Understand " discuss [ text ] " or " talk about [ text ] " as discussing .
Understand " tabulate [ a number ] " as tabulating .
Understand " answer [ truth state ] " as answering .
Understand " schedule [ a time ] " as scheduling .
Understand " wait for [ a time period ] " as temporarily waiting .
Understand " teleport to /-- [ any room ] " as teleporting to .
Understand " accuse [ someone ] of committing /-- [ any thing ] " as accusing it of .
Understand " [ any thing ] committed by / via [ someone ] " as accusing it of ( with nouns reversed ) .
Understand " wear [ something preferably held ] " as wearing .
Understand " put [ other things ] in / inside / into [ something ] " as inserting it into .
Understand " deposit [ something ] in / into [ an open container ] " as inserting it into .
Understand " go to [ any adjacent visited room ] " as going by name .
Understand " tattoo [ limb ] of [ someone ] " or " tattoo [ specific limb ] of [ someone ] " as tattooing it of .
Understand " dog " as Rover .
Understand " birds " and " ruddy ducks " as the plural of duck .
Understand " upper [ limb ] " or " lower [ limb ] " as " [ specific limb ] " .
Understand " beneath/under/by/near/beside/alongside/against " or " next to " or " in front of " as " [ nearby ] " .
Understand " colour [ a colour ] " or " [ something ] " as " [ tint ] " .
A pot is a kind of thing .
A pot can be broken or unbroken .
Understand the unbroken property as referring to the pot .
Understand " shattered " or " cracked " or " smashed " as broken .
Understand " pristine " as unbroken .
Understand the broken property as describing a flowerpot .
Understand " bottle of [ something related by containment ] " as a bottle .
Understand " machine " as a device .
Understand " rouge " as red when the make - up set is visible .
Understand " Rover " as Rover The Dog when the player knows - about Rover .
Understand " your " as a thing when the item described is held by the person asked .
Understand " xyzzy " as a mistake ( " The machine does n't seem to have a button with that label on it . " ) when in the teleportation chamber .
Understand " xyzzy " as a mistake ( " Ah , I see you 're an old hand at this . " ) .
Time for a Scene
A lightsaber duel is a [ non-recurring ? ] scene .
A lightsaber duel begins when the location of Luke is the location of Darth .
A lightsaber duel ends when Luke is too injured to continue or Darth is too injured to continue .
A person can be too injured to continue .
A person is rarely too injured to continue .
Every turn during a lightsaber duel : say " BWWAAUUAAAHH " .
[... ] ; if a lightsaber duel is happening , [...]
When a lightsaber duel begins : change the command prompt to the battle command prompt .
When a lightsaber duel ends : change the command prompt to the normal command prompt .
A scene can be thrilling or dull .
Train Stop is dull .
A scene has a text called cue speech .
The cue speech of Train Stop is " All aboard ! " .
Every turn during a dull scene : [... ] .
[... ] ; if a thrilling scene is happening , [...]
Arrays Have Been Tabled
Table 2.1 - Selected Elements Element ( some text ) Symbol ( some text )
Atomic number ( a number ) Atomic weight ( a number ) " Hydrogen " " H " 1 1 " Iron " " Fe " 26 56 " Zinc " " Zn " 30 65 " Uranium " " U " 92 238
Table of Selected Elements Element Symbol Atomic number Atomic weight text text number number " Hydrogen " " H " 1 1 " Iron " " Fe " 26 56
Table of Energy Proponents Proponent Fuel Danger Bob Hydrogen a number Phoebe Wind -- -- Geothermal -- Jean Nuclear 10 with 4 blank rows .
Table of NPC Responses topic answer " hi / hello " " He says , ' Well hello there ! ' " " bye / goodbye " " ' Take care , ' he answers . "
if Wind is a Fuel listed in The Table Of Energy Proponents ...
blank out the whole row ;
choose row My Favorite Number in The Table Of Energy Proponents ;
if there is no Proponent entry ...
choose row with Danger of 10 in The Table Of Energy Proponents ;
if there is a Proponent corresponding to a Fuel of Geothermal in The Table Of Energy Proponents ...
choose a blank row in Table 2.1 ;
change Element entry to " Fluorine " ;
change Atomic Number entry to 9 ;
if there is an Atomic Number in row 2 of The Table Of Standard Elements ...
sort The Table Of Energy Proponents in reverse Danger order ;
sort The Table Of Energy Proponents in random order ;
... the number of blank rows in Table 2.1 ...
... the number of filled rows in Table 2.1 ...
... the Proponent corresponding to a Fuel of Hydrogen in The Table Of Energy Proponents ...
... Symbol in row 3 of The Table Of Selected Elements ..
after taking An Item listed in The Table Of Treasures : [... ] .
after asking The Guru about A Topic listed in The Table Of NPC Responses : [... ] .
Named Values Everywhere
A limb is a kind of value .
The limbs are left leg , left arm , right leg , right arm , the neck , and the back .
Tattoos are a kind of value .
The tattoos are mom , barbed wire , wings , a kanji , a pseudo - photograph , and some obscure symbol .
change X to the limb after the left leg ;
change X to the limb before the back ;
Definition : a limb is hurt if [... ] .
Tattooing is an action applying to one limb and one thing .
Understand " tattoo [ limb ] of [ someone ] " as tattooing .
Exposition relates various people to various tattoos .
The verb to be tattooed with implies the exposition relation .
Bob is tattooed with some obscure symbol .
[... ] ; repeat with X running through each limb begin ;
Tattoos are a kind of value .
Some tattoos are defined by the Table of Designs .
Table of Designs
tattoo
barbed wire
wings
Table of Designs ( continued )
tattoo
Jean - Pierre 4-ever
Causality relates an action - name ( called the cause ) to an action - name ( called the effect ) when [... ] .
SecondOrderRelation relates an abstract - relation ( called the scaffold ) to an action - name ( called the side effect ) when [... ] .
T.E.X.T .
Rene Descartes said , " I think not ! " and promptly disappeared .
So do n't ever say that , 'k ?
say " Rene Descartes said , ' I think not ! ' and promptly disappeared .[ line break ]
So do n't ever say that , [ ' ] k ? " ;
let T be indexed text ;
let T be " Hello World " ;
if the player 's command does not include " please / thanks " , say " How rude ! " ;
if the player 's command includes " please / thanks " , cut the matched text ;
if the player 's command includes " hi " , replace the matched text with " hello " ;
if the player 's command matches " hello world " , say " You 're a programmer , are n't you ? " ;
if the player 's command does not match " hello world " , say " To code ... perchance , to write ? " ;
let N be indexed text ;
let N be the player 's command ;
[... ] ;
change the text of the player 's command to N ;
Precisely One Spoon-unit Of Sugar
Money is a kind of value .
$ 19.99 specifies some money with parts dollars ( without leading zeros ) and cents ( optional , preamble optional ) .
My wallet is some money that varies .
My wallet is usually $ 20.75 .
A thing has some money called the price .
The price of a thing is usually $ 5 .
The price of Bob is $ 2.05 .
say " [ the dollars part of the price of Bob ] " ;
A length is a kind of value .
10 m specifies a length .
An area is a kind of value .
10 sq m specifies an area .
A length times a length specifies an area .
Understand " donate [ money ] " as donating .
Donating is an action applying to some money .
The verb to cost ( it costs , they cost , it is costing ) implies the price property .
The jeans cost $ 19.95 .
Fanciness relates a thing ( called X ) to some money ( called Y ) when the price of X > Y .
The verb to be fancier than implies the fanciness relation .
let L be the list of things fancier than $ 2.50 ;
let B be the list of things fancier than the price of jeans ;
Backstage Activities
Rule for printing the name of the sack while the sack is not carried : say " your abandoned sack " .
[... ] ; if the printing the name activity is going on , [...]
Starting the virtual machine
Constructing the status line
Printing the banner text
Printing the player 's obituary
Amusing a victorious player
Reading a command
Deciding whether all includes
Deciding the scope of something
Deciding the concealed possessions of something
Clarifying the parser 's choice of something
Asking which do you mean
Supplying a missing noun
Supplying a missing second noun
Printing a parser error
Printing room description details of something
Printing the locale description of something
Choosing notable locale objects for something
Printing a locale paragraph about
Writing a paragraph about
Listing nondescript items of something
Printing the announcement of darkness
Printing the name of a dark room
Printing the description of a dark room
Printing a refusal to act in the dark
Printing the announcement of light
Implicitly taking something
Printing the name of something
Printing the plural name of something
Printing a number of something
Listing contents of something
Grouping together something
Testing Commands
Test me with " look / test foobar / wave " .
Test foobar with " look / take me / jump " .
SHOWME an object : will list the current values of all the properties of that object , including any relations it 's involved in
RULES : will list the name of a rule before it executes
RULES ALL : will list the name of a rule before it considers execution
RULES OFF : turns off the mode
ACTIONS / ACTIONS OFF : will list when actions begin and end
RELATIONS : lists the relations
SCENES / SCENES OFF : lists the scenes currently happening , and will update us when one begins or end
TREE : shows all instantiations , indented according to the containment relation
TEST a test - script : runs the list of commands
PURLOIN an object : immediately places the object in the player 's inventory , no questions asked
ABSTRACT object TO object : similar to purloin , but gives the first object to the second object , which is likely to be a container or some such
GONEAR an object : moves the player to the room which has the object
RANDOM : random number generator now predictable
SHOWVERB : shows I6 - level information about a verb : synonyms , arguments , whether the arguments are reversed for a particular line
SCOPE : show all objects currently in scope
SCOPE object : show the scope from the particular object
TRACE a number : shows very low - level parsing information .
The number ranges from 1 ( the default ) to 6 ( the most detailed )
Indistinguishable Memory
A coin is a kind of thing .
55 coins are in the couch .
3 coins are carried by the player .
There are 7 coins .
try taking a random tarnished coin which is carried by the player ;
Understand the tarnished property as describing a coin .
Understand the metal property as referring to a coin .
Time , Turns , and Tenses
time
time period
The turn count
the time of day
Every turn while [ we are ] taking something fragile ,
if [ we are ] taking something fragile ,
if Grognar has carried the Sword of Villain - Smiting ...
if we have taken the lantern ...
if Sam has carried the One Ring ...
if the One Ring has been carried by Sam ...
if the One Ring has been carried ...
if the candle was lit , now the candle is unlit ;
if the candle was unlit , now the candle is lit ;
if X had been Y
a time
turns
Every turn when the player does not carry the bottled sprite for 3 turns : say " The sprite begins to sing a lonely song . "
Before taking the candle for the second time : say " You guess you 'll need that candle again after all . "
Every turn when the player carries the slow - acting poison for at least 5 turns : say " You feel ill . "
After taking the candle for the second time : say " If the Check Taking rules block the second attempt , this rule never fires . "
At 12:00 PM : say " The lunch bell rings ! "
Carry out setting the watch to : the watch will beep at the time understood .
At the time when the watch will beep : say " Your Casio beeps at you urgently . "
Carry out pushing the watch : the watch will beep in six minutes from now .
Carry out pushing the watch : the watch will beep in six turns from now .
At the time when the watch will beep : say " Your Casio beeps at you urgently . "
Grammar Gotchas
The articles " the " , " an " , and " a " are almost always optional .
We can think of them as a peculiar kind of whitespace .
But there are a few exceptions where articles are either significant or required .
First , " the " ( not " a " or " an " ) is required when defining a rule 's name :
[.. ] ( this is the my favorite rule ) : [...]
Second , " a " ( not " the " or " an " ) is required in front of the word " random " :
let N be a random number from 1 to 5 ;
Third , " an " ( not " the " or " a " ) is required in front of the word " actor " when in the subject of a rule header .
Though the others will compile , they will compile as reading the current value of the variable " actor " and comparing it to itself , rather than skipping the condition altogether as it should .
This almost works , except when the player is performing an action , the variable " actor " is set to nothing ( NULL ) .
This also means that Descriptions in the subject wo n't match the player .
Report an actor jumping : [... ] .
Report actor jumping : [... ] .
Report a laconic person examining : [... ] .
Finally , articles in an action 's or activity 's name are captured , so will remain required .
This is because actions and activities are intended to begin with a verb or participle , such as " printing " or " asking " .
So as a general rule , do not begin an action 's or activity 's name with an article , nor name them after nouns or noun phrases :
The speech engine is an activity .
Before speech engine :
Before the speech engine :
Speech engine is an activity .
The last is a common error with activities because their invocation begs for a " the " :
carry out the speaking engine activity ;
First , " the " ( not " a " or " an " ) is required when defining a rule 's name : Second , " a " ( not " the " or " an " ) is required in front of the word " random " :
Third , " an " ( not " the " or " a " ) is required in front of the word " actor " when in the subject of a rule header .
Though the others will compile , they will compile as reading the current value of the variable " actor " and comparing it to itself , rather than skipping the condition altogether as it should .
This almost works , except when the player is performing an action , the variable " actor " is set to nothing ( NULL ) .
This also means that Descriptions in the subject wo n't match the player .
Finally , articles in an action 's or activity 's name are captured , so will remain required .
This is because actions and activities are intended to begin with a verb or participle , such as " printing " or " asking " .
So as a general rule , do not begin an action 's or activity 's name with an article , nor name them after nouns or noun phrases :
The last is a common error with activities because their invocation begs for a " the " : Object names can unfortunately occlude one another .
If we have an object " car " , and then an object " car key " , it frequently happens that the car can not be referred to .
Inform supplies objects with a property , " privately - named " , which will not automatically export an object 's source code name to the player 's parser ; an explicit Understand As line will be required .
The words " rules " and " rulebook " are exactly synonymous in source code .
Though programmers know that a list of items is n't the same as the items themselves -- an empty list is still a space - using construct , even when no items exist to use space -- non-programmers would call it a distinction without a difference .
( " A grocery list without items is n't a grocery list ; it 's blank paper . " )
So " rules " is synonymous with " rulebook " in source code .
Relatedly , because rules compose rulebooks , and rulebooks compose actions , the terms are sometimes used seemingly interchangably .
Know that this is an allowance to the non-programmer , who is interested in " the reason the action failed " , even though " the rule that caused the action 's rulebook to fail " is more correct in most instances , and " the non-anonymous rule that most recently returned failure " is completely correct .
Likewise for " if the rule succeeded " and its many cousins ; it may be worth noting that the middleman here , " rulebook " , is almost never explicitly mentioned where either the base - level " rule " or the top - level " action " could instead be used .
Hence , " stop the action " means " rule fails " , and " continue the action " means " make no decision " .
The sole exception , " the outcome of the rulebook " ( synonymous with " the result of the rule " ) makes sense since the outcome / result of a protagonist action would be a permanent change in worldstate .
Finally , know that a rule variable can hold either a rule or a rulebook , but a rulebook variable can only hold a rulebook -- not a rule .
My favorite rule is a rule that varies .
My favorite book is a rulebook that varies .
change my favorite rule to the can't walk through closed doors rule ;
change my favorite rule to the every turn rulebook ;
change my favorite book to the every turn rulebook ;
change my favorite book to the can't walk through closed doors rule ;
This may be counter - intuitive to those of us who love our polymorphism , which states the more general type can accept itself as well as its subclasses .
One way of viewing this is that polymorphism works on the is - a relation , while rulebooks & rules associate through the has - a relation .
Alternately , anything that can be done to a item can be done to a collection by doing it to every item in that collection , but doing something specific to a collection -- like ignoring its third part -- makes no sense when applied directly to a single item .
This may be counter - intuitive to those of us who love our polymorphism , which states the more general type can accept itself as well as its subclasses .
One way of viewing this is that polymorphism works on the is - a relation , while rulebooks & rules associate through the has - a relation .
Alternately , anything that can be done to a item can be done to a collection by doing it to every item in that collection , but doing something specific to a collection -- like ignoring its third part -- makes no sense when applied directly to a single item .
And a final note about actual whitespace .
First , even if we do n't use the Python style of code block demarcation , tabs are required between table columns .
( One tab will absorb all other whitespace touching it , however , so we can manually format tables to look well . )
Secondly , a blank line is significant : it will end an imperative flow ( assuming we did n't end it properly with a period ) , and one is required both before & after a table or a section heading .
Very occasionally , the compiler will have difficulty parsing an invocation that has a NPC as a subject .
In these cases , add the word " trying " before the action : " Bob trying examining the player " .
It frequently happens in Tables with a Stored Action column .
A verb ending in - ed may be acting as an adjective .
Observe the given example in chapter 9.13 of the manual , which gives this example for the simple past tense .
if the lantern was switched on , change the lantern to switched off ;
if the lantern was switched off , change the lantern to switched on ;
This example can be misleading due to the identical forms of passive voice and participial adjectives .
In other words , we can parse that as either " if ( the lantern ) ( was switched ) ( on ) " or " if ( the lantern ) ( was ) ( switched on ) " .
After all , there is both a property called " switched on / switched off " as well as two actions that set the relation either way , " switching on " and " switching off " , with the past participles " switched on " and " switched off " .
So are we referring to the properties or to the actions up there ?
The answer is : the properties .
Verbs of change -- Actions -- are never in any form of past tense .
They are either present continuous tense " [ we are ] switching " or present - perfect tense " we have switched " , never in simple past tense ' we switched ' or in past - perfect tense ' we had switched ' .
Furthermore , actions require " we have " when using its tensed variation .
Long story short : a word ending in - ed does not guarantee past tense .
It could be the present - perfect .
This example can be misleading due to the identical forms of passive voice and participial adjectives .
In other words , we can parse that as either " if ( the lantern ) ( was switched ) ( on ) " or " if ( the lantern ) ( was ) ( switched on ) " .
After all , there is both a property called " switched on / switched off " as well as two actions that set the relation either way , " switching on " and " switching off " , with the past participles " switched on " and " switched off " .
So are we referring to the properties or to the actions up there ?
The answer is : the properties .
Verbs of change -- Actions -- are never in any form of past tense .
They are either present continuous tense " [ we are ] switching " or present - perfect tense " we have switched " , never in simple past tense ' we switched ' or in past - perfect tense ' we had switched ' .
Furthermore , actions require " we have " when using its tensed variation .
Long story short : a word ending in - ed does not guarantee past tense .
It could be the present - perfect .
There is a difference between the following valid lines of Inform :
if the lantern was switched on ,
if we have switched on the lantern ,
Categorizing tense properly is essential , because the used tense determines the implementation and limitations .
The first line is in simple past tense , which holds the previous turn 's gamestate .
This means that past tenses change every turn .
The second line is in present - perfect tense , which holds a truth about the present : once we have done an action to a thing , it always , for the rest of the game , remains true that we have done it .
Even if it was later undone , the fact that we once did it remains true .
This means the two lines act quite differently , the first being an echo of the previous turn 's " if the lantern is ( switched on ) " , and the latter asking if the switching on action had ever been used on the lantern .
Paradigm Leaning
Rules are n't Functions
This is the foobar rule :
[... ] ;
[... ] .
The named but non-headered rule implies we are thinking too procedurally .
Whatever invokes that rule is itself invoked at a particular time under particular circumstances , so those circumstances should be put in the header .
Even if the rule is invoked from multiple places , at least one place can use the header .
A possible exception would be :
The foobar rule is listed instead of the X rule in the Y rulebook .
... in which case the foobar rule will steal the replaced rule 's header .
The named but non-headered rule implies we are thinking too procedurally .
Whatever invokes that rule is itself invoked at a particular time under particular circumstances , so those circumstances should be put in the header .
Even if the rule is invoked from multiple places , at least one place can use the header .
A possible exception would be : ... in which case the foobar rule will steal the replaced rule 's header .
Callbacks in the Rulebook Paradigm
The callback rules are a rulebook .
To foobar :
ponder foo ;
consider the callback rulebook ;
mull over bar .
This implies we 're halfway between the procedural and rule - based paradigms .
The fix here is usually to put the two pieces of imperative code into rules of their own , and the whole To phrase becomes a rulebook itself .
The foobar rules are a rulebook .
Foobar rule ( this is the pre-callback work rule ) : ponder foo .
Foobar rule ( this is the post - callback work rule ) : mull over bar .
Now client code may insert code in a variety of places , and even replace the imperative sections as well , if desired .
( We should , of course , use descriptive names for the rules to encourage this . )
This implies we 're halfway between the procedural and rule - based paradigms .
The fix here is usually to put the two pieces of imperative code into rules of their own , and the whole To phrase becomes a rulebook itself .
Now client code may insert code in a variety of places , and even replace the imperative sections as well , if desired .
( We should , of course , use descriptive names for the rules to encourage this . )
Declarative Lists ... Sometimes
Building a list is one of the more onerous things to do imperatively : declare an empty list , loop through some items evaluating and possibly adding some of them to the list , pass the list to where it 's needed ( always elsewhere , because if it were right here we 'd simply loop & use immediately ) , use the list via another loop , and remember to deallocate the list at the right time & place to avoid memory leaks .
If we 're building a list of objects in Inform , the proper way is to use a collection of adjectives on the loop that would use the list :
repeat with associate running through every chatty not grumpy spiffy person in the location who is not the player begin ;
say " Hi [ associate ] . " ;
end repeat ;
Or , at the very least ( and probably using a global variable ) :
let L be a list of every chatty not grumpy spiffy person in the location who is not the player ;
change my friends list to the list of every chatty not grumpy spiffy person in the location who is not the player ;
To Hack ... or not ... to Hack ?
The first is the various activities , as previously seen .
Most activities are a single function dressed up with hooks and such so code can easily be inserted to preempt the default behavior .
The procedural rulebook -- a meta- rulebook -- is second .
It can shuffle around named rules at runtime .
A procedural rule when the player is a ghost : ignore the can't walk through closed doors rule .
This meta-rule will " nuke from orbit " the particular Check Going rule that simulates a door 's ability to stop movement .
The " when " clause on a procedural rule is important .
If there were no clause , the check rule would always be ignored , so we are spending runtime cycles to do what could be done at compile time :
The can't walk through closed doors rule is not listed in any rulebook .
When we look at the scaffolding of Inform 7 -- the action - processing rulebook , the specific action - processing rulebook , the visibility rulebook , the accessibility rulebook , the player 's action awareness rulebook , and the turn sequence rulebook -- we discover that Procedural rules and the ability to list , de-list , swap and substitute rules allows us a great deal of flexibility in changing nearly anything .
The compile - time meta-rules , and their run-time equivalents , are :
The < rule > is not listed in any rulebook .
[... ] ; ignore < rule > ;
[... ] ; reinstate < rule > ;
The < rule > is listed instead of the < second rule > in the < rulebook > ;
[... ] ; substitute < rule > for < second rule > ;
[... ] ; restore the original < rule > ;
The < rule > is listed before / after the < second rule > in the < rulebook > ;
[... ] ; move < rule > to before / after < second rule > ;
[ no compile - time equivalent ]
[... ] ; reject the result of < rule > ;
[... ] ; accept the result of < rule > ;
The run -time meta-rules can be used by a normal rule to nuke its peer within the same rulebook ( assuming he 's run before his peer ) , but this is a non-standard usage , and may change in later builds .
This meta-rule will " nuke from orbit " the particular Check Going rule that simulates a door 's ability to stop movement .
The " when " clause on a procedural rule is important .
If there were no clause , the check rule would always be ignored , so we are spending runtime cycles to do what could be done at compile time :
When we look at the scaffolding of Inform 7 -- the action - processing rulebook , the specific action - processing rulebook , the visibility rulebook , the accessibility rulebook , the player 's action awareness rulebook , and the turn sequence rulebook -- we discover that Procedural rules and the ability to list , de-list , swap and substitute rules allows us a great deal of flexibility in changing nearly anything .
The compile - time meta-rules , and their run-time equivalents , are :
The run -time meta-rules can be used by a normal rule to nuke its peer within the same rulebook ( assuming he 's run before his peer ) , but this is a non-standard usage , and may change in later builds .
Third is replacing named sections of preexisting extensions .
Chapter 2a ( for use with Locksmith by Emily Short )
Chapter 2 b ( for use without Locksmith by Emily Short )
Section 6 - Hacked locking ( in place of Section 1 - Regular locking in Locksmith by Emily Short )
Though we 'll have to be careful of causing compiler errors and such , a good extension writer will break up the extension into names sections in order to facilitate replacability .
Also , all the most basic information on the class hierarchy , the built - in actions , variables , etc. , of Inform 7 is found in an automatically included extension , the Standard Rules .
In there , we find definitions like :
Section SR1/3 - Things
A thing can be privately - named or publically - named .
A thing is usually publically - named .
A thing can be plural - named or singular - named .
A thing is usually singular - named .
A thing can be proper - named or improper - named .
A thing is usually improper -named .
A thing can be described or undescribed .
A thing is usually described .
A thing has a text called an indefinite article .
A thing has a text called a description .
A thing has a text called an initial appearance .
A thing has a text called printed name .
A thing has a text called a printed plural name .
That 's only a small excerpt from the definition of the Thing class , but you get the idea .
The standard rules can be changed just like any other extension :
Section 8 - My thing class ( in place of Section SR1/ 3 - Things in the Standard Rules by Graham Nelson )
Avoiding compiler errors by changing so much of the most basic assumptions of the code library is difficult , but the option is open to us .
Though we 'll have to be careful of causing compiler errors and such , a good extension writer will break up the extension into names sections in order to facilitate replacability .
Also , all the most basic information on the class hierarchy , the built - in actions , variables , etc. , of Inform 7 is found in an automatically included extension , the Standard Rules .
In there , we find definitions like :
That 's only a small excerpt from the definition of the Thing class , but you get the idea .
The standard rules can be changed just like any other extension : Avoiding compiler errors by changing so much of the most basic assumptions of the code library is difficult , but the option is open to us .
Fourth is interfacing with the underlying language , Inform 6 .
How to program in I6 is beyond the scope of this document , but here 's a taste .
To really clear the /-- screen : (- VM_ClearScreen(0 ) ; statuswin_cursize = 0 ; -)
To decide what number is the currently - chosen table row : (- ct_1 -) .
To ( w - value ) is now ( p - property ) : (- Write{p}{ - delete} , {w} ) ; -) .
To decide what number is the first misunderstood parser word : (- ( wn - 1 ) -)
To say pattern : (- PrintPatternCommand ( ) ; -)
Include (-
[ PrintPatternCommand m pcount pcount2 ;
if ( etype == UPTO_PE ) {
for ( m=0 : m < 32 : m++ ) pattern -->m = pattern2-->m ;
pcount = pcount2 ; PrintCommand(0 ) ;
}
] ;
-) .
Fifth and finally , is using a feature like section - replacement , but on the Inform 6 template files .
Every Inform 7 installation comes with many files with an I6T extension .
After Inform 7 compiles to Inform 6 , all of the I7 - specific features must be implemented in I6 .
These I6T files hold that implementation .
Include (- ... -) before " Relations.i6t " .
Include (- ... -) instead of " Relations.i6t " .
Include (- ... -) after " Symmetric One To One Relations " in " Relations.i6t " .
5 hot products for the future
The Institute for the Future could n't get clients to read its trend forecasts .
So it started giving away prescient product ideas instead .
( Business 2.0 Magazine ) - Trendspotting is serious business .
So much so that the Institute for the Future , a Palo Alto - based think tank , produces an annual 96 - page 10 - year forecast - an exhaustive compendium of societal and technological trends , widely regarded as the bellwether of long - range planning .
Just one problem : " Clients were n't reading the reports , " admits Jason Tester , the IFTF 's research and design manager .
So , in summer 2003 , Tester tried a different tack that became known as " artifacts from the future " : mocked - up products claiming to be from , say , 2009 .
You might go to an IFTF presentation and see baskets of finessed fruit that promise cognitive enhancement .
Or you might wake up in the hotel where the IFTF seminar was being held to find your newspaper dated 10 years hence .
Artifacts were intended to start conversations .
They worked .
Mark Schar , senior vice president of financial software company Intuit , an IFTF client , says , " When you present forecasts to a group of executives , you 're standing there and waving your arms a lot .
When you put an artifact in front of them , they go , ' Oh , I get it . ' "
IFTF clients now pay the nonprofit as much as hundreds of thousands of dollars a year for research that includes custom artifacts .
For Procter & Gamble ( Research ) , a client for 20 years , artifacts have inspired real products .
( P& G wo n't say which ones . )
Could what worked for P&G work for you ?
Is the IFTF offering prescient market research ?
We trawled Tester 's archive of artifacts to find out .
In one case ( the RFID blocker ) , a similar technology has been released since Tester did his mock - up .
Click here to see a photo gallery of the other ideas the nonprofit institute has come up with - and how likely each is to become serious business too .
To send a letter to the editor about this story , click here
